1  
Rev. Sun Myung Moon's Words Compilation Committee  

Foreword  
                   President of the World Peace Unification Family, Hwang Seon-jo  

Table of Contents  
  Foreword …………………………………………………… 3  
·························································································· 9  
······················································································· 70  
····················································································· 156  
····················································································· 165  
····················································································· 190  
····················································································· 277  
····················································································· 400  
····················································································· 400  

01)  
Let Us Become Victorious Soldiers of God  
2 Timothy 2:1-13  
<Prayer (I)> Father, please allow this hour to be one in which the life of the original nature that we possessed before the fall is infused into us. May it become an altar of life overflowing with Your love.  
Please allow us to feel the walls of death that have been blocking us with our bodies and minds at this time. Thus, may we receive the gift of resurrection and be able to build an altar of glory, holding up new candles to all the scattered altars. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.  
Are there those who have wounds in their hearts? Please have compassion. Are there traces left on the body from being seized by Satan? Please remove them. So that we may regain the original form before the fall, we earnestly hope and desire this, loving Father.  
Father, please manifest Yourself with words of power. Please reshape all of us and raise up the work of recreation, loving Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.  
In difficult circumstances, You have called each of us, so now we will overcome the peaks of trials and difficulties. Now is the time to raise the banner of victory in the remaining practical battles, so Father, please add strength to strength, and power to power, and manifest with the power of resurrection.  
April 8, 1956 (Sun), at the Headquarters Church.  
Let us become victorious soldiers of God  
Please allow the spirits trapped in darkness to be liberated, and resurrect them with the flames of hope. Please allow the flames of Your life, which can illuminate the garden of truth that has been blocked, the world governed by evil, and the ground of Your resentment for 6,000 years, to be granted, my Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.  
We know that a new history begins centered on You, Father. And we also know that if the standard of history is not placed in heaven, it cannot serve as the overall standard of history.  
Father! You have established us, so please allow us to fulfill a new history and be established as heavenly soldiers of the new era, so that we can build a new garden and return the glory of joy to You. Loving Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.  
We have found the path that the prophets and sages have walked, breaking through the barriers of battle. We have found the path that is said to be difficult. We have entered a path from which we cannot turn back. We know it is time to fight with independent courage toward a unilateral goal. With our utmost fervor, we must make a decisive stand against Satan and become heavenly soldiers who can charge ahead with the banner raised first against Satan.  
Father, please gather the remaining altars of battle into altars of victory, and until we can gather them into the altar of Your rest and the altar of glory, please protect the path we walk and sanctify the places we stay, so that we can plant the joyful white flag of victory before this nation and 2.4 billion humanity, Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.  
Father, at this time, a small number of us have gathered to immerse ourselves in Your love. Therefore, please allow us to be submerged in the hidden love of the Father, even if just for this one hour.  
Please reveal the love of heaven and the history of truth that has been hidden for 6,000 years, and manifest the work of resurrection, and allow us to receive the liberation of freedom from our hearts and bodies, so that we can become true sons and daughters of the Father. We earnestly hope and desire that we can face the Father with the song of victory and with the glory of victory.  
This day is a holy day. To the altars gathered on behalf of 30 million nations, Father, please work. If there are dead altars, please manifest the history of life. Regardless of the time, environment, or place, Father, please work.  
Please raise the dormant beacons of life, and allow conscientious children, those who follow the Father, to raise the new flag of life, and let there be many children who can protect the hidden altars, loving Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.  
Since we have gathered at this time, Father, please sanctify our hearts, and even if there are elements of concepts centered on the self or sinful elements, or unclean dark roots remaining, please manifest with the fiery work of Your Holy Spirit and guide us, Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.  
Please allow us to fulfill the mission entrusted to us without any shortcomings, and to be able to stand before thousands of millions of saints and the families of that nation with dignity, dedicating our bodies and minds for this one purpose. We earnestly hope and desire this.  
At this time, please protect us so that no one falls under the accusations of Satan from the beginning to the end, and allow even one more life to be moved by the gift of resurrection, to taste the joy of new life, and to receive the gift of new life. Thus, please allow this time to return the glory of the resurrection of new life to the Father, loving Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.  
Now, we entrust everything to You, so please allow the fundamental work of living life to manifest from the beginning to the end, and let only the will of joy be revealed. We pray in Your name. Amen.  
<Prayer (II)> Father, although we are lacking and sinful today, a small number of us have prostrated ourselves before Your holy presence.  
Until now, You have raised up prophets and commanded through them, and commanded through the Holy Spirit, and commanded through Christ, but we know that You have not yet personally commanded. Please allow the words of Your command that You have not been able to express to appear here. Thus, may Your will, which You wished to accomplish through the Holy Spirit and through Jesus Christ, be manifested here.  
We know that You desire to fulfill the will of joy. Before Your will, we wish to pour out our insufficient sincerity, and we wish to dedicate our inadequate loyalty, and we wish to offer our insufficient bodies, so Father, please extend Your hand of compassion.  
There are traces of Satan's arrows left on our hands and feet, and our bodies are wounded from the battles. Compassionate Father! Please grant Your hand to hold our hands and feet that bear the marks of Satan's arrows, and to hold our wounded bodies, and anoint us with the oil of life, and bind us with the new bandages of resurrection. We desire a word of new encouragement, so Father, please encourage us. We earnestly hope and desire this.  
Please remove all the earthly hearts and all the natures that belong to sin, and allow us to retain only the nature that can admire You, Father.  
Father, now that You have gathered us, please command us. Allow us to find what the center of Your providence is that You wish to seek, and allow us to find what the center of heavenly principles is that You wish to seek.  
Father, please descend at this time. We humbly prostrate ourselves to respond to the words You have given us. We know nothing and our bodies are wounded, but we wish to be dedicated to You, so please accept us. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.  
At this time, please govern all things, Father. Now, we who have come out before Your will know that we must bear fruit in life, so as the end approaches, Father, please grant us the hand of life.  
Though the world and history may change, we know that Your life does not change, so please allow us to run toward eternal life, the unchanging standard.  
At this time, if there are children who are not worthy before that one standard, please command each one, and grant Your powerful hand, and let them be made in the likeness of the Father. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.  
As we gather before the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, please remove their subjective concepts and grant us the history of life. May You alone be the center of their bodies and hearts, and the center of the whole gathering, and be the shield of victory, allowing this one hour of joy to be granted.  
From this day forward, as elements of life found, may we form the eternal flesh and blood of eternal life, and create the eternal shield of victory, so that even if we confront Satan head-on, we may be established as children who do not suffer wounds, Father, we earnestly hope and desire this. We entrust everything to You, so please govern us. We pray in Your name. Amen.  
<Words> The message I will deliver today is  
Let Us Become Victorious Soldiers of God. With this title, I will speak briefly.  
We, who are the bearers of the battle and the embodiment of hope, are not a term that has existed from the beginning. It is a term that arose because of the fall of humanity, a term that could not help but arise. In other words, because the battle remains, there was a need for sons and daughters who could bear the fight in place of God.  
God has chosen such sons and daughters because His will cannot be fulfilled without going through the process of battle until a certain time, and for 6,000 long years, God Himself has fought against Satan regarding the earth.  
But what kind of beings are those who must take responsibility for this battle and come to the front lines to engage in actual combat?  
It is not God who fights directly, nor is it Jesus Christ who fights directly, nor is it the Holy Spirit who fights directly. You all know well that it is the saints who believe well with Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit and God as their background who bear the direct responsibility of this battle.  
This battle must inevitably come to an end. However, even though 2,000 years have passed since Jesus Christ came and went, this battle has not yet ended. Now, we must expand the ground of this battle and create a foundation of victory, and who are the beings that must bear this responsibility? It is none other than us, who are insignificant and humble.  
When we think about this, we can understand that God's hope is not in God Himself. And we can also understand that the hope of Jesus Christ is not in Jesus Christ Himself, and the hope of the Holy Spirit is not in the Holy Spirit Himself, and the hope of the prophets and sages is not in them themselves. It is none other than in us, who are insignificant and remain on this earth today.  
So, if heaven is calling you who are on the earth, what standard is it using to call you? God is calling you based on the entirety of 6,000 years of providence.  
Therefore, you must understand that you bear the responsibility to conclude the history of humanity that has continued for 6,000, or even tens of thousands of years, with victory. And you must understand that the Father is calling you in this way. Furthermore, you must become true soldiers of heaven who are responsible for the times, responsible for history, and responsible for eternal providence.  
It is not Jesus Christ who must directly pioneer the fate of great providence, nor is it the Holy Spirit who must do so, nor is it God who must do so, but it is precisely us who must do it.  
To become heavenly soldiers, we must place ourselves, who bear such a great mission, in a third-party perspective and be able to criticize ourselves. We must consider whether we have become those who can respond boldly even if the Father appears personally and questions us.  
Have we become heavenly soldiers equipped with courage, pride, and conviction to fight for the entirety of providence? If the Father were to ask us this, would we be able to answer without hesitation, "Yes! That is correct"? Heaven is seeking such beings who can respond boldly.  
So, what are the conditions to become such soldiers? We cannot find the conditions to become heavenly soldiers within ourselves. Then how can we become heavenly soldiers?  
To become heavenly soldiers, we must emulate the one who has already appeared as a representative heavenly soldier, namely, Jesus Christ, whom we believe in. The background of Jesus Christ's coming, His life, and all His ideals are contents that can be boasted of against Satan. And to become heavenly soldiers, we must certainly emulate these contents and conditions. You must keep this in mind.  
His words are the same, and the principles of the cross He showed as He died are the same, and the principles of resurrection He left behind are the same. All of these are absolute conditions and laws that we must have in order to conclude all historical battles and become heavenly soldiers.  
We must possess these conditions.  
However, what we must understand here is that even Jesus Christ prepared, worked hard, and suffered for over 30 years until He fulfilled all the conditions that heavenly soldiers must have. It was not accomplished in a day, nor in a moment. It had to go through a long process of trials lasting over 30 years.  
So, what was the path that Jesus Christ walked when He came to this earth? It was to show the conditions of trials and the path of trials that must be overcome in order to win against Satan as a heavenly soldier.  
When Jesus said, "It is finished" on the cross, He did not say this because He had finished everything on the cross. He said this because He had fulfilled all the conditions that a heavenly soldier must have before being crucified. And it means that He had completed all the missions that a heavenly soldier must fulfill.  
Because Jesus was a heavenly soldier without any shortcomings, after He died on the cross, heaven could resurrect Him. Thus, after the resurrection of Jesus, He has been working in heaven, and the Holy Spirit has been working on earth, fighting against Satan for 2,000 years.  
The life of Jesus Christ teaches us.
Now, we who have been called from heaven have a process of trials that we must uphold, which is none other than the path walked by Jesus Christ for over 30 years, and everyone must keep this in mind. 
When we consider the journey of Jesus Christ over his 30 years, he walked through a life of 30 years, passed through a public life of 3 years, and concluded his trials during the 3 days in the tomb. 
It is, of course, essential for each individual to follow the way of the cross and the path of resurrection, but all of humanity must walk this path as well. 
After Jesus Christ died on the cross, he received the grace of resurrection, which was not something that happened easily as you might think. It was not a matter accomplished in one day or in a few hours. The long 4,000 years of history, combined with the heart of God and the heart of Jesus Christ, resulted in the path of suffering he walked for over 30 years, leading to victory. You must understand this. 
While we are engaged in our faith and reading the Bible, we must not translate the Bible according to our own will. Many believers think that the way of the cross was accomplished only on the cross, but that is not the case. You must understand that it was the result of a life of suffering, not eating well or dressing well for over 30 years, that led to this accomplishment. And you must recognize that Jesus is the only begotten Son of God who fulfilled the conditions of the remaining heavenly soldiers. 
Now, we must analyze what lessons the life of Jesus Christ teaches us and begin to repeat the path of Christ's suffering from the start of our faith. You too must go through the process of trials. During the process of Jesus Christ's trials, there will be struggles. And it is not just for 10 years or 20 years, but for 30 years that we must emulate Christ, who fought without fear of death, and inherit the unchanging heart of Jesus Christ. 
What you must understand now is that you yourselves are the ones who must bear the remaining path of suffering and death, uphold the cross, and maintain the way of the cross. 
Since Jesus Christ came and went, the responsibility to protect the fortress of the cross that he built on this earth lies with the apostles. Now, you must understand that the responsibility to protect the remaining fortress of the cross lies with the saints of the last days. 
It is time when we must determine the outcome of the final battle, and the significant question is whether we have become the remaining soldiers who can rise again like Christ, who died and resurrected, and can bring about a second resurrection. 
Even in the spirit world, Jesus is continuing the fight. He is fighting against Satan on behalf of countless righteous saints. The Holy Spirit, who came to imitate Jesus fighting in the spirit world, is the one who must help us to actually fight. In other words, we must become the heavenly soldiers who take on that fight. 
When it is time to resolve the grievances of 6,000 years 
Now, the final battle has begun, and you must understand that the fight you are engaged in is not just for yourselves. That fight is connected to you through the Holy Spirit from heaven. And the purpose of that fight is to expel Satan. 
Therefore, we must become the soldiers responsible for the remaining cross of Christ, crossing over the peak of battle and heading towards our homeland, and we must sing the song of victory. Let us become the victorious soldiers who have resolved the grievances of 6,000 years and fulfilled the wishes of 6,000 years. 
We must become the joyful soldiers. 
The representative soldiers who took on the responsibility of the remaining fortress of the cross after Christ were the 12 apostles. The 12 apostles guarded the walls of the cross beyond death, dedicating their bodies and souls, shedding blood and flesh without hesitation to protect the walls of the cross. Heaven is looking for such soldiers. 
The traces of the blood that the prophets and saints shed while walking the path of the gospel still remain on the walls of the cross. And this land is a land filled with the grievances and blood of our ancestors, a land that still cries out with blood. Who will resolve this grievance? It is us. The death of Jesus Christ is a lamentable matter, but the death of the prophets and saints is also lamentable. You must learn to lament both the death of Christ and the death of the prophets and saints. 
Now we must recognize that the time has come to have grievances. It is time to resolve the grievances of heaven that have been endured for 6,000 years. What is needed at this time is heavenly soldiers. What is required in this era is heavenly soldiers. 
Father! Let the grievances of 6,000 years explode through me! We must become the true sons and daughters of God who can say this. If such true sons and daughters increase among the 30 million people, the path of life for the 30 million will open. If such people become priests to guard the walls of the cross and become fighting soldiers, this nation will not perish. Today, we believers must become heavenly soldiers like this. 
Jesus Christ, who came to this earth and died on the cross, has built a temple of victory in the spirit world and has expanded that temple. As you can see through the spirit world, you will understand that the darkness of the fall reached even under God's throne. Through repeated struggles and efforts, a foundation was finally established after Jesus. Furthermore, the fight to expand this foundation has continued to this day, and the battle against Satan has continued on earth as well. Now, heaven hopes that heavenly soldiers who can conclude this fight will emerge. 
Now we must strive. Jesus Christ worked and fought not only until he crossed the peak of death on the cross during his 30 years on this earth but has continued to fight for 2,000 years. The ignorant humans who do not know this fight… you must appeal to yourselves. Before appealing to the people, before appealing to your family, society, and the world, you must appeal to yourselves. 
You must fight for the purpose as Jesus Christ did for 2,000 years. Thus, we must achieve victory in heaven and on earth so that heaven and earth can respond, represent God's heart, and reveal the original beauty of creation. This is the purpose for which God has governed for 6,000 years and the intention behind sending Jesus Christ. 
What heavenly soldiers must know 
Now we must become heavenly soldiers and guard the walls of the cross. You must discern which rank of soldiers you belong to in becoming heavenly soldiers like this. 
Since the history of the earth unfolds symbolically the history of heaven, just as there are ranks of soldiers centered around the 12 apostles in heaven, there are also 12 denominations and countless regional ranks on earth, similar to the 12 tribes of Israel. 
These ranks have formed over the course of 2,000 years, and you must know which rank you belong to. Just as the world’s armies are organized into small units, companies, battalions, regiments, and divisions, you must know which unit of the heavenly army, organized in a similar manner, you belong to. 
And now you must know what mission you are receiving orders for. 
After going through the process of battle, we must welcome the time when all creation can rejoice centered on one focal point. That focal point is Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit, whom we believe in. 
What is the ultimate goal of heavenly soldiers? It is to conclude the fight against Satan and receive rewards from God and Christ. It is to achieve victory in the fight and receive heavenly rewards on earth. 
Now the battle is unfolding in every aspect. It is taking place all over the world. The providential will of God is being developed throughout heaven and earth. You must become soldiers who achieve victory in individual battles, family battles, social, national, and global battles, and in the battles taking place in heaven and earth. 
Jesus Christ is unable to conclude the battles taking place in heaven and earth. Therefore, you must become soldiers who protect each department and conclude each battle. As members of the body with Christ as the head, you must achieve victory and, after becoming one in body and heart, worship before heaven so that all things in heaven and earth can respond. 
You must now walk through the bloodstains left by the apostles and take responsibility for the companies and battalions they led. Moreover, you must take on the responsibilities that Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit bear. 
The ultimate goal of heavenly soldiers 
Heaven does not wish for any remnants of the battle to remain on earth. Because of the grievances that have been bound on earth, we must achieve victory on earth and resolve those grievances so that the fight of Jesus Christ can conclude and Christ can come again. After he returns, what will he do? He will conclude the fight that has been drawn out for 6,000 years and receive blessings from God. It will be a feast where God himself blesses with both hands. The feast of the Lamb will be when the victorious soldiers gather together to receive blessings. 
You must directly receive the words commanded by God, the supreme commander. You must advance to the position where you receive God's commands directly on behalf of Jesus. 
As it is written in Revelation 14:1, "Then I looked, and behold, the Lamb was standing on Mount Zion, and with him one hundred forty-four thousand, having his name and the name of his Father written on their foreheads," you must receive the seal of the Father. 
Until now, you have been guided by the Holy Spirit and have followed the guidance of Jesus Christ, but this is not the entirety of it. You must receive the seal of the Father so that you can become eternal soldiers not only on earth but also in the kingdom of heaven. You must keep in mind that you must advance to that position. 
After you as individuals become such soldiers, you must enable all humanity to become such soldiers. 
You must achieve victory in all battles and become soldiers of Christ, while also becoming the original humans who can please God, completing the ideal of creation. Only then will the victorious song of Hosanna, sung by such heavenly soldiers, shake the whole earth, and the grievances of God against Satan will be resolved all at once. You must understand this clearly. 
There are still battles remaining. Therefore, you must carry out the final assault and become soldiers who can receive God's seal and subdue Satan before God. Only then will the fight against Satan conclude. 
Even if you subdue Satan before the Holy Spirit and before Jesus Christ, the battle does not end. The battle concludes only when you subdue Satan before God. 
To create such victorious soldiers, the Father has endured through the providential history of 6,000 years. You must become victorious heavenly soldiers by recognizing such a Father. 
God's pride, Jesus Christ 
2 Corinthians 8:16-24 
<Prayer (I)> Beloved Father, this day is the day you have granted the grace of atonement to all people. As we go through the process of history, may we not forget the bloody path of your labor and the footsteps of the martyrs who have gone before us. 
On this day, in this one hour, may our worship before you be a time of earnest offering, just as Abel made a plea with blood. May we not gather around the decaying body, but become an altar of sanctification, allowing even a small group of insignificant people to build an Abel-like altar on behalf of the 30 million. 
May we not stand in a position to boast of ourselves as Cain did upon seeing Abel's blood. Beloved Father, I earnestly hope and desire this. 
Please allow the heart of sincerity and the heart of the plea of blood to penetrate deeply. This land still bears the bloodstains of goodness, and it is a land filled with grief, a land that has the burden of countless years of lamentation. Please allow many children among the 30 million to appear as joyful offerings that can give thanks and worship before you. Please allow this among the 2.4 billion people. 
May a multitude of children appear in every corner who can break down the walls of sin accumulated over countless years and create a garden of joy to bring you joy and glory. Beloved Father, I earnestly hope and desire this. 
We have lived until today forgetting the hand that has labored for 6,000 years to come to find me and to establish me. Let us not forget that my ability to live comfortably today is not because of my own merit, but because of the countless labor and bloody efforts of the prophets and saints that have led to my being here today. 
As a humble and gentle offering, may we be raised as children who can worship you as a joyful offering. Beloved Father, I earnestly hope and desire this. 
Father, awaken this sleeping city. Have compassion on this nation that does not know the direction in the darkness. Please quickly raise up the children you will establish and call forth the children you will call. Please allow us to establish a center toward heaven that can represent the whole as a beloved altar. 
May the entire nation achieve victory and be guided to give thanks and praise to the Holy Light. Beloved Father, I earnestly hope and desire this. 
Father, today a small group has gathered here, so please take charge. Please oversee this. May you discern the center of each individual before you, and may their self-established hearts not stand in a place that begins and ends with themselves. 
Please do not allow them to stand in a place intoxicated with self-satisfaction through their own recognition and ideas. 
May they be allowed to lay bare all their ideas and claims and become humble offerings before the heart of their parents. May this time allow them to feel their shortcomings before the dignified Father and fundamentally offer all that they have to you. Beloved Father, I earnestly hope and desire this. 
Father, you have gathered these people and established them, and you have already sounded a new bell in this city. Therefore, you must take overall responsibility. They must fulfill the overall mission and take on the overall work, so please allow them to rise above this era and become heavenly soldiers who can stand at the forefront and fight. 
As soldiers who can represent the 30 million people, whether standing before the countless saints or before the angels in heaven, or before the saints on this earth, please establish them in a way that is not lacking. Beloved Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.
will to fulfill and guide us in this time. May we feel the warmth of Your love and the power of Your presence, allowing us to be transformed and renewed in our hearts and minds. 

As we gather here, let us not be burdened by our past or the weight of our struggles, but instead be uplifted by the hope and joy that comes from being in Your presence. Help us to recognize the beauty of Your creation and the purpose You have for each of us. 

May we be instruments of Your peace and love in this world, shining as lights in the darkness and bringing comfort to those who are lost and hurting. Let our hearts be filled with compassion and our actions reflect Your grace. 

We ask for Your guidance as we navigate the challenges before us, and for the strength to persevere in faith. May we always seek to honor You in all that we do, and may our lives be a testament to Your goodness and mercy. 

In this moment, we surrender ourselves to You, trusting in Your plan and purpose for our lives. May we be filled with the Holy Spirit, empowered to live out our calling and to serve others in love. 

We pray all of this in the name of Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior. Amen.
establishing a foundation for victory. 

We must fill our hearts with God's love. We need to experience the love of Jesus and the Holy Spirit to feel the love of Heaven. 

Although Jesus achieved personal victory, He only laid the spiritual foundation for victory due to His crucifixion. Therefore, we who must conclude the 2,000 years of history should stand on the spiritual expectations of Jesus and establish a foundation for victory in place of His body.
It is something that must be accomplished. Furthermore, when heaven declares a new word that brings about substantial salvation beyond the dimension of the New Testament, which provides spiritual salvation, Satan will refute it, and we have the responsibility to fight and win against that as well.

Next, under what conditions was Jesus Christ able to receive God's love? Jesus was able to receive God's love because He became a responsible prince. From the time He was born, Jesus worked as a carpenter in Joseph's house, but He made efforts to fulfill His responsibilities. While helping with carpentry in Joseph's household, He lived a life that supported the family's livelihood, but in Jesus' heart, that was not everything about life. He harbored great aspirations while also fulfilling His responsibilities even in small matters. You must not forget that this was Jesus.

Jesus, the prince who took on the overall purpose
Jesus' life was entirely about fulfilling His responsibilities and mission. He accomplished responsibilities that would last forever on this earth. The thirty-plus years of Jesus' life were a life that established eternal and unchanging results, fulfilling responsibilities on this earth. Therefore, as long as the words of Jesus Christ and the gospel of faith in Christ remain, His life will also endure.

Jesus took on responsibilities not only in His own lifetime but also historically. He took on the responsibility for the purpose that God had been working towards for four thousand years. There was no one on this earth besides Jesus Christ who took on God's responsibilities. You must understand that Jesus took on these responsibilities all alone.

While Jesus felt lonely about being the sole bearer of the overall purpose, He also felt a greater sense of responsibility. Thus, each day of Jesus' life was a life that laid the groundwork for fulfilling total responsibilities. Throughout the thirty years of preparation and the three years of practical ministry, and even during the three days of completion, Jesus thought only of overcoming Satan and fulfilling God's purpose on that foundation. His life was lived with a keen awareness of this responsibility. Jesus never forgot this responsibility for even a moment.

Even when He carried the cross and went to Golgotha, at that final moment when all the people were mocking Him and Satan was ridiculing Him, Jesus' determination to bear the heavenly responsibility entrusted to Him did not change. Because Jesus crossed the threshold of the cross with the determination to fulfill His responsibilities, He was able to bring about the resurrection. And because He had the responsibility to restore the disciples who remained on earth, Jesus went to heaven and then returned, relying on God's power to bring about the resurrection.

Even after His death, Jesus was concerned for His scattered disciples, and during the three days in the tomb, He held the intention to protect these disciples forever, which is why He sought them out by the Sea of Galilee after His resurrection.

When we think about it from a human perspective today, it is easy to wonder how Jesus could have done that for His disciples, who lacked responsibility. Although they were the disciples who had rejected Him in difficult times, after His resurrection, Jesus first went to Galilee and began to fulfill His responsibilities. The character of Jesus Christ, who established His disciples as unchanging even when crossing the threshold of death, is the character we should emulate today.

Moreover, we must recognize that He took responsibility not only for the disciples of that time but also for countless saints thereafter, including us today, two thousand years later. The history of salvation has been the history of the whole. Since the will of heaven is to save the whole, Jesus is responsible for all of humanity.

So, what kind of responsibility does Jesus bear? Jesus does not bear responsibility for worldly matters, nor does He bear responsibility for living well. He is responsible for our lives. There are many difficult things in this world, but there is nothing more difficult than this. Because He has taken on the issue of life and death...

Today, believers stand at the crossroads of life and death, where a slight misstep can lead to either. Jesus bears the responsibility of pulling everyone standing on that razor-thin line to the right side. Just as Jesus did during His thirty-plus years of life, and even when He entered the path of death, His heart remained the same at all times. Even if humans do not feel this sense of responsibility and mission, Jesus is still working to fulfill this responsibility and mission, this one purpose.

We must bear the overall responsibility
Then, how should we, who believe in Jesus today, approach Him? We must not become those who place responsibility upon Jesus at all times.

So, what kind of people should we be? Jesus took responsibility for four thousand years of history, for the humanity of His time, and for humanity for two thousand years after His death, and we too must become people who take on responsibilities. We must not live in a way that places responsibility on Jesus.

And we must ourselves say, "Abba Father, we understand the difficulties that Jesus Christ has borne for two thousand years." We should be able to feel sorrow for Jesus, who is still taking responsibility for us and the world today.

Who is this all for? It is for insignificant beings like us. Therefore, we must become people who can bow our heads before Jesus, reflecting on this.

Even as we call out "Lord!" we must feel as if our bones are melting and our flesh is dissolving.

God was finally able to hold onto Jesus Christ, who was willing to take on the purpose of four thousand years, and say, "You alone are the one who must bear the responsibility." Thus, He could believe and entrust everything. In a position to bear the burden of all responsibilities, God could approach Jesus.

In the same way, just as Jesus was established before God, we too must be able to bear the overall responsibility. If the work of taking on responsibility is difficult, we should be able to come before God and Jesus with the heart that says, "Please place that difficult work upon me." We must be able to express that desire through me. Show it through me.

Such people will be the remnant that remains at the end. If such a group does not emerge, where will the purpose of God's only begotten Son, Jesus Christ, who has taken on the responsibility for humanity for two thousand years, be fulfilled? If Jesus, who walked the path of responsibility with His life as the only begotten Son of God, cannot find people who can take on responsibility...

Therefore, we must pray, "Please place upon us the responsibility that Jesus Christ swore before God to bear for the responsibility of history, the reality, and the future." The time has come for us to pray this.

Up until now, we have often shifted responsibility before heaven. But now, on behalf of God's heart, which has been pained for four thousand years, we will take on the historical responsibilities that Jesus Christ bore as the king of responsibility on this earth. Even if the enemy Satan and countless humans do not welcome it, I will take on that responsibility and fight.

Such people must emerge. Only then can Jesus rest in the garden of rest.

Today, at the end of times, the question being asked is, "Who will hear the cry of my life?" But who will hear the cry of life from Jesus Christ, who inherited God's life? Heaven is seeking such people.

Until now, Jesus has been praying at the right hand of God for all people. However, the reason Jesus cannot rest and is still praying is not because He has done something wrong. Nor is it because He is in a position where He cannot stand before the Father. All of this is because of us. Therefore, for the Jesus who has been working hard for two thousand years, you must strive to fulfill the responsibility of life, even if it means sacrificing your life.

Because of Jesus' death on the cross, the responsibility of life remains on this earth. The time to fulfill this remaining responsibility of life is the age of the Second Coming. The age of the Second Coming begins with the emergence of someone who can bear the responsibility of life. He is the one who will take on the historical and future responsibilities of life, and you must fight alongside him in the final battle.

The beginning of the age of the Second Coming
God desires to establish Jesus, whom He loves, so that through the faithful Jesus or the truthful Jesus, He can love humanity. He wants to love you.

Today, when we are told to emulate the faithful Jesus, we should be able to say, "Yes, that is so." When we are told to emulate the victorious Jesus, we should say, "Yes, that is so." When we are told to emulate the responsible Jesus, we should be able to say, "Yes, that is so." If you cannot become such a person, how can Jesus Christ, who has not rested for a single moment until now, find rest?

Therefore, you must take on these conditions that God has established as His pride. And you must become those who fulfill the conditions of pride of Jesus, who has gone to the spiritual world, on this earth. You must become those whom God can be proud of.

First, you must boast of believing in a world that does not believe. And you must boast of having won the battle against Satan. You must boast of taking responsibility in a world where no one else does.

Through this, God's pride will reach us on earth through the Jesus of the spiritual world, and through us on earth, that pride must reach all creation. Only then will the purpose of God, who intended to establish humans as the lords of all creation and to boast before all creation, be fulfilled. Then, at last, humans and all creation will be able to give thanks and worship to God, who boasts. This overall responsibility lies with us.

Today, we are in a very poor state. Our faith is insignificant. Therefore, when humanity must fight against Satan in the future, we must pray, "Abba Father, please give strength so that all humanity can fight and win against Satan. Please allow all of humanity to be able to bear responsibility."

And we must be able to say, "Father, I have fought alone against the entire enemy and won, so please rejoice."

We must show God our appearance of taking on all responsibilities. Through a person who can take on responsibility before countless humans or millions of saints and creation, we can resolve God's grievances toward the earth, and through such a person, God's will can be unfolded. You must understand this clearly. Let us pray.

<Prayer> Father! Whether I look this way or that, it is my responsibility. I know that the tears that do not cease when seeing the wicked are the life of Jesus Christ.

Today, we see the wicked yet feel no sensation, and we are unjust and immature, bearing the painful heart toward the heavenly will and feeling no responsibility. I, who have had no heart to defeat the enemy, who have not had the results of battle, and who have not believed in the Almighty God, have not known the loyalty of Jesus Christ toward heaven.

Father, I have advised this small group this evening. I have realized that Your will, which sought to boast of Jesus Christ, has been connected to us through the apostles and throughout history, and that this will is expected to bear fruit from us, knowing that the central responsibility that allows countless saints to rejoice in the joy of having received life is entrusted to us today.

Now, please allow us to become offerings to resolve the grievances of heaven and earth and all creation, and allow us to become dutiful children who devote our hearts and sincerity, I earnestly hope and wish, Father.

You established the ideal of the bride and groom through the way of the cross, and now the question is to what extent we can practice the love of Christ, to what extent we have taken on the responsibility centered on the love of Christ, and to what extent we can find the value of faith through the love of Christ.

Since You have advised us at this time, please allow us to realize that the responsibility for the resolution of heaven's grievances has been entrusted to us, and that the battle to resolve heaven's grievances must be concluded through us. Knowing this, please grant us the heart to practice more than anyone else and the heart to be grateful to You, Father.

Please allow us to be grateful even while carrying the cross, and even if we fight against countless Satans, do not let us become cowards before You. Even if we stand in difficult places while carrying the cross, let us be children who can say, "Father! I am here, so do not worry." Please guide us to become children who can comfort the Father, who is sorrowful upon seeing His children in difficult places.

May Your word become their life and way, and may they find the center and standard to live by, and may they be led to approach You with unchanging faith and the center of life. I earnestly request and wish that You allow the creative work of the word to be granted. I pray all these things in the name of the Lord. Amen.
You have lived. Thus, Jesus Christ has been established as a new center, standing in a position to take responsibility for and save all mankind. When Jesus stood in this position, His heart and body must have been immersed in indescribable sorrow.

Jesus Christ who came to find us
So how does Jesus Christ come to find us today? God established the words to save humanity over 4,000 years of history and announced through many prophets that the Messiah would descend before countless crowds. 

For this reason, Jewish believers have been preparing to welcome the Messiah through the evidence of the words that many prophets have appealed to. This is the history of the Old Testament. Jesus Christ, who came upon this prepared foundation, had to conclude the 4,000 years of Old Testament history as a history of goodwill before God. Therefore, the new words He spoke were not only words imbued with the sorrow of God's 4,000-year providence of restoration but also words that clarified the eternal principles that all beings must carry on their faith journey.

However, despite the fact that numerous Jewish believers should have listened to and believed in these new words announced by Jesus, what must have been the heart of Jesus as He looked upon the crowds who could not believe? You must understand that Jesus appealed with a grieving heart.

Until today, heaven has been searching for just one person, and for a long time, has labored to establish all of humanity, which is trapped in sin. In the Old Testament era, God gave the words of the Old Testament law to the Israelite people through prophets. And to resolve the sorrowful history of 4,000 years, He sent Jesus Christ to announce the new truth. However, because the Jewish people did not believe in those words, they could not comfort God's sorrowful heart, and instead, the sorrowful heart of heaven was further ignited within their own hearts.

For this reason, Jesus appeared before the crowds who were in the grasp of Satan and did not know the direction they should go, presenting the way they should take and teaching them how to live. However, the people of Israel did not listen to those words. Consequently, humanity lost its direction in life, and the altar of God's 4,000 years of labor collapsed. If the Israelite people had united on the foundation of God's words, they would have borne fruit through the words given by God, and God would have embraced them again as His children.

The Jewish people who did not believe in the words given by Jesus
The Israelite people, who were supposed to be a model, did not believe in the new words given by Jesus and could not unite, leaving behind words of sorrow from Jesus Christ. Therefore, instead of standing in the position of a hundred sheep, the Israelite people found themselves in the position of a single lost sheep, and we too are in a similar situation.

We must understand the heart of Jesus as He faced the Israelite people, who are in the position of a lost sheep. To find and establish the lost Israelite people, Jesus cried out with a sorrowful heart.

What we must understand today is that heaven has been working with a sorrowful heart for 4,000 years to find just one person, and afterward, Jesus Christ has been following behind us, inheriting God's sorrowful heart and calling us.

So what process did Jesus go through during His 30 years of life? Jesus prepared for 30 years, hoping for the revelation of God's will. After that period, when He emerged with new words to convey, He did not deliver those words feeling joy, but rather spoke them while bearing the sorrow of heaven.

He spoke many words like "Follow me" and "Believe in me," but the number of people who listened to His sorrowful voice and followed Him was exceedingly small. 

In such an environment, Jesus spent 30 years bearing a grieving heart, and the earnest voice He cried out while He was alive still appeals to you through the scriptures, and even at this moment, Jesus is interceding for you from the spirit world.

Therefore, you must now understand what the content of Jesus' appeals was and find the direction you should go. 

Even though you are in the position of a lost sheep before heaven, if you do not know the direction you should go or what position you are in, thinking that the world will just continue as it is, you are greatly mistaken. 

You may not realize it, but since His birth, Jesus has been calling out with a sorrowful voice throughout the 2,000 years of history, and that call has become your hope.

God's heart and the voice of Jesus
Will you turn a blind eye to this earnest voice calling out? If there are those who cannot hear, they should at least share the same heart of resentment. Is there anyone among you who cannot long for the voice that calls out? You must strive to discern this voice. Even if you have heard the calling voice, if your body is not strong enough to move, you must become a being that can gather your heart toward that place.

For the sake of finding today’s individual who is in the position of a lost sheep, God has labored for not just one day, not just one year, not just a hundred years, but for 6,000 years.

The 6,000 years of history that God has labored to find the lost flock on earth has been a history of heavenly redemption. 

Because humanity cannot hear the voice of God calling out, God has shown Himself through Jesus Christ, who is the embodiment of God, and through Jesus, He has made known His intangible heart, which is the essence of the gospel.

Since humanity does not know the intangible heart of God and cannot hear God's voice, Jesus appeared as the embodiment of God to resolve this. Even though the Israelite people should have come to Jesus, knowing the true will of God that had been hidden for 4,000 years, they did not repent and instead distanced themselves from Jesus.

Therefore, you must prepare to understand the sorrowful voice of Jesus that is being conveyed. To do this, what must you do? Just as you listen well to all worldly words, you must truly have the heart to believe in Jesus, who has appeared before all people on behalf of God's heart and will.

Jesus walked the path of atonement on behalf of ignorant humanity, who had only brought sorrow to God for 4,000 years. You must understand the heart of God that made Jesus stand in a sorrowful place and resolve to make a new determination.

If the Israelite people had been able to discern the voice that cried out on behalf of God's inner heart, they would have easily understood the words that Jesus, who appeared in substance, cried out in sorrow. But what was the Israelite people’s response? They were satisfied only with the words found in the Old Testament, believing that God's final words were all recorded there.

God's sorrow does not end there. When God showed the inner heart of God through Jesus Christ and could not receive Him, the sorrow of heaven could not be connected to the sorrow on earth, which the Israelite people did not realize.

Jesus Christ was meant to resolve the sorrow that God had endured for 4,000 years, but because the Israelite people did not recognize this Jesus, God's sorrow could not be resolved through Jesus Christ and remained as sorrow once again.

Jesus Christ, who came to represent God's will and the 4,000 years of history, could not announce words of joy and left. Therefore, although 2,000 years of history have passed since Jesus, when we look at the 6,000 years of history, we see that God's sorrow and the sorrow of Jesus Christ still permeate the earth.

Today, we must understand this sorrow of God and the sorrow of Jesus Christ, and we must be able to comprehend the words of joy from God and the words of Jesus Christ.

The purpose of Jesus finding us was not always to convey words of sorrow. In the process of laboring to find us, who are like lost sheep, He should not have only spoken words of grief. After 6,000 years of sorrowful words, at the moment when the lost sheep are found, words of joy that can completely forget the sorrow of 6,000 years must emerge.

You may believe that those words of joy will appear from heaven, but that is a great misunderstanding. 

Now we must become the flock that can run toward the Lord who comes to find us, in front of the heart of Jesus Christ, who has labored for 2,000 years. We must not become those who hesitate and fail to run toward the direction when we hear the voice of the grieving Jesus Christ. When Jesus Christ suddenly comes and calls you with a sorrowful voice, you must not shrink back in that moment.

So what should you do? Before you hear the sorrowful voice of Jesus Christ, you must first cry out with a sorrowful voice yourself. 

You must cry out first, "My shepherd! Lord!" until your voice resonates throughout heaven and earth.

Then, when Jesus comes to find you, He will listen to your cry and when He calls again, He will not call with a sorrowful voice but with a joyful voice. You must stand in that position.

We must testify to the sorrowful heart of Jesus
Today, we must testify to the sorrowful heart of Jesus Christ. We should not only mourn the loss of the shepherd but should also know how to cry out to find the lost shepherd.

We must become beings who can take responsibility for the steps of labor left behind by the crying Jesus, so that we can bring satisfaction to Jesus. Today, Jesus is seeking us with a sorrowful voice and is also enduring a life of suffering to find us.

Jesus, who took the place of the 4,000 years of history to save humanity, could not live a comfortable life due to the providence of salvation for all humanity. He is coming to find us after enduring a life of suffering.

As you know, Jesus' life of over 30 years was one of suffering. His life during the 30 years of preparation as the son of Joseph the carpenter was one of suffering both externally and internally.

He could not live freely in a comfortable position like you. It is a great misunderstanding to think that He lived as the Savior of all people. Jesus spent a life of suffering, unable to express all He wanted to say, even being criticized by His stepfather Joseph, Mary, and His siblings.

Jesus' suffering was not for His own sake. He knew that if He did not do it, no one else could find the lost family on behalf of God's heart, which had labored for 4,000 years. With a heart that longed for heaven, He fought through the terrible environment surrounding Him, seeing the struggles of the many who were fighting in dire circumstances, and dedicated His life to achieving the ideal world on behalf of God's mountain words.

From the moment He was born, Jesus was not treated properly and lived a lonely and difficult life until He died, akin to living in the wilderness. While this external suffering of Jesus is indeed suffering, the hidden internal suffering that does not manifest externally is known only to God.

The Israelite people, who should have believed and followed Jesus, failed to recognize the one they should have known but did recognize those they should not have. Among these Israelite people, Jesus longed for the life of His homeland.

The way He ate, dressed, and drank was not for Himself, nor was it for His own comfort. Everything He did was for God, for all of humanity, and for His nation, and the footprints He left behind were also such footprints.

Yet, not a single person understood the circumstances of this Messiah. There was no one who could say, "I understand your heart, I understand your heart, and I will follow you wherever you go to comfort your heart."

Even the disciples, who should have comforted Him, could not console Jesus' hidden inner heart. 

For this reason, Jesus Christ's life of over 30 years was filled with suffering. From the day His public ministry began, the words He spoke were not personal words. They were not for His own benefit, nor were they to establish any power for Himself. They were words meant to fulfill God's will.

However, there was no one who wanted to recognize Jesus, who came with these words and intentions, on behalf of the entire nation. Therefore, Jesus became a target of scorn in the villages and among the entire nation.

Today, you are in an environment where you can hear God's words in a comfortable position. You must not miss this opportunity to encounter God in such a free environment.

The suffering Jesus
In Jesus' time, He had to convey His message secretly, and those who listened had to do so in hiding. That is why the places they went were wildernesses. Yet, even in such circumstances, Jesus tried to bring countless crowds into the wilderness to convey God's words. You must understand the heart of Jesus Christ, who sought to spread God's words to fulfill God's will.

Even though Jesus preached the gospel to many crowds during His life, not a single person welcomed it. No matter how earnest the heart to preach the gospel was, there were many who did not understand. The more Jesus worked to fulfill His mission and responsibility, the more destructive actions were taken against Him.

As He looked upon this, the sorrowful Jesus Christ, who cried out to the crowds all day long in the wilderness, went up the rough path of the Mount of Olives to appeal to heaven once more. His disciples scattered, and He went alone before God to heal His wounded heart and replenish the strength to fight against Satan once again.

You must understand that Jesus Christ spent over 30 years of His life engulfed in the most painful suffering. But that was not all. It is a great misunderstanding to think that Jesus' suffering ended with His 30 years of life. Even today, in the spirit world, Jesus Christ is still in suffering.

The 2,000 years of history has been extended with the purpose of fulfilling God's will, and Jesus Christ, who is carrying out this providential will, is still living a life of suffering even to this day. This life of suffering is connected to today.

So where will this one suffering be resolved? It is not on this earth. The things of this earth are absolutely not the answer. Today, many things that can take responsibility for today...
The necessity to resolve the deep sorrow and toil through the minutes of time.  
Therefore, Jesus manifested the suffering of the historical distance in the providence of eternal life without caring about it. Knowing this fact, you must be able to hold the painful hands of Jesus and comfort Him. Thus, you have the responsibility today to bear the deep resentment of Jesus Christ, who was hated and scorned, and to comfort Him in His suffering.  
But what should you do if you cannot stand in such a position? You must be able to feel the suffering of Jesus in your environment. You should become someone who can analyze the life of suffering of Jesus Christ in your daily life.  
So what sin did Jesus have that He had to endure a life of suffering and pain for over thirty years? If there was a sin, it was only the sin of being appointed as the Savior to save all people before God. You must understand the story of how this Jesus suffered for all people and cried out in anguish for them. We must at least have a heart of repentance toward such a Jesus today.  
In your life, there are also traces of the suffering of Jesus Christ's thirty-year life. If you are to gather this, you must gather all the traces of suffering from His birth in a stable to the suffering on Mount Golgotha, and even the traces of suffering over the last two thousand years since His resurrection. You must understand this overall meaning.  
The sorrow of Jesus did not end with His anguished cries. It did not end even after going through a life of suffering and toil. Today, people think that Jesus' sorrow ended with His death on the cross after a life of suffering, but because of that, His purpose was extended, and His sorrow remains as an unresolved grievance that cannot be resolved. Knowing this fact, you must be prepared to face death and save Jesus from His sorrow.  
54 Jesus seeks us in this way  
In this way, Jesus Christ has worked hard and walked the path filled with deep resentment until today, after six thousand years of history, to find us. He laid down His life and walked the path of the cross, so you must hold onto such a Jesus.  
When Jesus was about to die on the cross, concluding His thirty-year life, He cried out, "Abba, Father…" with deep anguish. The cries of blood from countless prophets and saints who had to be resolved because of the Israelite people after four thousand years of toil could not be answered because the Israelite people did not resolve them. What could repay the cries of their ancestors' blood? There was no way to repay it.  
However, the one who paid the historical price for the cries of blood on behalf of the nation and forgave them was Jesus Christ. When Abel's blood cried out, the countless prophets and saints who shed their blood, the conditions of crying out regarding the torn and blood-soaked land, and the Israelite people were resolved through Jesus. The cries that had been calling out for four thousand years, the purpose of the countless cries of blood from the prophets and saints for four thousand years, were fulfilled through the death of Jesus alone and His resurrection afterward.  
Because of the resurrection of Jesus Christ, the grievances of the ancestors who shed blood on this earth were gathered, and their intentions of resenting the land and demanding forgiveness were fulfilled. Only then could they finally place Jesus at the forefront and worship before heaven.  
We must forgive Jesus  
Jesus, who completed the cries of blood from the prophets and saints sacrificed because the Israelite people could not believe and uphold heaven, what did He leave for future generations? Jesus left the blood of His death on the cross for future generations. Therefore, when you stand before Jesus, you will feel that there was a head of blood in your life as well. This is a repayment for the cries of blood from the prophets and saints, and at the same time, it is a repayment for the cries of blood from Jesus Christ that you must understand. Thus, when Jesus calls us through the steps of the cross, we must seek Jesus through the steps of the cross.  
Now you must realize that the passion with which Jesus Christ cried out with blood on the cross at Golgotha is beating in your pulse.  
Even though Jesus Christ came to find you after laying down the cross, you have not recognized the toil of Jesus Christ who has come to you, nor have you called upon Him who laid down the cross. Jesus Christ, who walked the path of death, who came to find you while carrying the cross, is still crying out for you, infinitely appealing for you, suffering, walking the path of death, and working for you.  
Now we are facing Jesus with the cross in between us, but who will resolve the grievances of this cross? Today, we must resolve it. Before resolving this, we cannot hold onto Jesus Christ and call Him my bridegroom.  
That is why, right after the resurrection, when Mary Magdalene said, "Oh Lord!" Jesus stopped her. And that is also why, from the day Mary Magdalene met the Lord of resurrection, the life of heaven was blocked for two thousand years. Knowing this remaining grievance of the cross, we believers must resolve this remaining grievance of the cross.  
What did Jesus Christ, who came to find us after crossing over the hill of the cross, leave behind?  
Jesus left the terms of bride and bridegroom on this earth. Therefore, now in your prayers, the Lord will appear as the bridegroom. You are the bride, and the Lord appears to you in that form as the bridegroom. When you see the Lord appearing as the bridegroom, you must always think of the price of the blood of the cross.  
Now what remains is what the Lord must find for us, which is the way to abolish the cross and bless all generations, the way to surpass the cross. If Jesus cannot freely hold onto us after crossing over the hill of the cross, we must resolve this one grievance of removing the cross. Before establishing an unchanging standard through my own self, through the altar, and through heaven and earth to abolish the cross, the history of the second coming cannot be completed.  
The light, water, and oil left by Jesus  
What has Jesus, who has come to find us, left for us today? After finding me through a sad life, through a life of suffering, and through the death on the cross, what has He left for us? Jesus has left us the light of life. Jesus came to find us at the cost of His life, and what gift did He bring? He brought the light that can illuminate the dark world. Therefore, when we shed tears of gratitude for the death of Jesus Christ, we come to know the heart of Jesus Christ and understand His circumstances.  
Furthermore, what did Jesus Christ leave for us? He left us water and oil. To heal us, who have been tormented and wounded, what did Jesus leave for us? He left us water and oil.  
Thus, we must light the light that Jesus left for us to recognize our wounds and wash them with water and oil, and we must know that we are sinners and naked and dress ourselves in the wedding garment. It is time for this. In this way, you must light the lamp in your heart, wash your sins clean, heal your wounds, and only after dressing in the wedding garment can you fulfill the wishes of Jesus who died two thousand years ago today.  
Now we must light the lamp of our hearts, wash our bodies clean with water, anoint our wounds with oil, and after wearing the permitted wedding garment, we must worship Jesus without Him needing to cross over the cross. This is what humans must do on this earth.  
Do not wait for Jesus to cross over; you must try to cross over. It is not Jesus who will cross over, but you must become beings that emit the light of life, and then, equipped with all strength, wear the wedding garment that can replace the eternal and unchanging value of light and cross over the cross to hold onto Jesus, saying, "May the Lord rest forever." You must become beloved brides. God desires such brides to emerge.  
Now you must lift the burden left by Jesus. You must inherit the light of the heart from Jesus, receive the gifts of water and oil from Jesus, and then wear the wedding garment... This wedding garment is not just for you as an individual. It should not be fixed in you, but through you, many should receive the light of life, receive the gifts of water and oil, and by wearing the wedding garment, become people who can be brides before the Lord.  
<Prayer> Loving Father! As we feel how rough this six-thousand-year history has been, allow us to be those who feel fear before that deep heart and deep mind. We did not know what the greatest sin among sins was, but we realized that considering the light given by the Lord as only mine is a great sin, that having water and oil and keeping them only for myself is a great sin, that while I am wearing the wedding garment, not allowing many to wear the wedding garment is a great sin, and that failing to make others believe is a great sin that represents six thousand years.  
Today, your children gathered here, allow them to realize that causing even one life to sin is a greater sin than directly committing sins themselves, and that not leaving the light, water, oil, and wedding garment left by the toil of Jesus Christ is a greater sin.  
Father, through the words conveyed, allow your scattered children to receive the image of Jesus Christ and hear the voice of calling. We must take responsibility for the historical toil and suffering, even the suffering of the cross, but these are insufficient beings, and they are in a position where they do not know the will of heaven and do not know what you desire, so Father, please encourage them and first illuminate your will to them, and allow them to hear your direct voice. They want to live a good life, so please guide them to live as they have conceived, loving Father, we earnestly desire and wish for this.  
Lead them to be children who can dress as the bride of the Lord and reveal all things, and allow them to take on new historical tasks, loving Father, we earnestly desire and wish for this.  
We entrust everything to you, so please govern it according to your will, and manifest yourself upon the hearts of those gathered, and establish them as children who can replace the eternal glory of victory, earnestly hoping for this, we pray in the name of the Lord. Amen.  
4) Jesus, who goes and comes for heaven and earth  
John 14:2-12  
<Prayer (I)> Little children, we have come before the knees of the Father to find the way to live again, so Father, please accept us. We know that you have told us we are more precious than the universe. Many crowds have gathered here before this altar, thirsty for life, so Father, please allow these gathered crowds to be able to replace your glory, and let this hour be one where we can understand your heart and worries and feel your heart, we earnestly desire and wish for this.  
We know that you are in a position where you must believe in the insignificant things, and that you are in a position where you must rely on insignificant things to raise history. Knowing that until today, heaven is in a position where it must believe in us and establish us, please forgive the past faults that have not allowed you to believe in us.  
We are humans who could not even fulfill the responsibility of being a support, so Father, we earnestly hope and wish for you to forgive us at this time. We can believe in you and rely on you to the point of giving up our lives and honestly laying down our lives before you, so please accept us as a worthy offering at this time, loving my Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this.  
May 23, 1956 (Wed), Former Headquarters Church.  
60 Jesus, who goes and comes for heaven and earth  
Father, you have called us, who are insignificant among many people, so please take us and embrace us with your loving compassion.  
At this time, we dedicate our bodies and hearts to you, and please allow us to feel your heart of concern, and let us be children who can fulfill that one wish you require of us, loving Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this.  
The painful circumstances of your heart that have been bound for six thousand years continue to this day, and as we observe the history of your sighs continuing to this day, please allow us to accept that we ourselves are the source of your sighs.  
Please make us the embodiment of your life and the ideals you desire, and let us be the roots of life that can make you rejoice, loving Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this.  
Please have compassion on the children gathered here today, and let this time be one where we can offer our utmost devotion and praise your love, and as children placed before thousands and millions of saints, allow us to be an offering of living sacrifice without shame, we earnestly hope and wish for this, Father.  
We entrust everything to you, so please govern it. We pray in the name of the Lord. Amen.  
<Prayer (II)> Father! Even in lonely circumstances, your children, who are carrying their own crosses and walking the rough path toward heaven, have gathered before your knees at this time, seeking your great and high love, so Father, please personally come and embrace them with love, comfort their weary hearts, and lift up their dry spirits.  
If you do not personally hold us, where can we go? We are pitiful children, so Father, please be with us and personally guide us, so that we can be children who can advance toward the will you desire.  
At this time, please personally govern the bodies and hearts of the gathered children, and as each has laid their hearts before you, please raise a new history and treat them with a heart of compassion.  
Allow all gathered here to lay before you all they have done in the past and through repentance, let the great love of the Father arise at this time, we earnestly hope and wish for this.  
Father! There is still a rough road ahead of us, so please personally hold us and grant us strength to walk through all paths of death, we earnestly hope and wish for this.  
Now embrace the foolish children who are merely watching and grant them the courage to strive to fulfill the heavenly will, and help them to advance as children of heaven, as heavenly warriors.  
All the children who have gathered bear the responsibility to awaken all the sleeping children and lead them before the Father, so please help them to fulfill the mission they have taken on without any shortcomings. Help them to be children who can rise higher than any past saints.
Please come and help us to become children who can even love Satan. We earnestly hope and desire for this.  
Help us to be children who walk in accordance with the Father's guidance and do not become a mockery to Satan. We hope and desire for this.  
Help us not to be foolish children who center around ourselves and measure the heavenly principles, but rather to be children who can only reveal the Father's glory and elevate His grace on this earth. We earnestly hope and desire for this.  
At this time, we ask that You bestow a special grace upon all the children gathered in Your name, and ignite the flames of life in every corner where worship is being offered, so that we may understand the new providence of the end times. We earnestly hope and desire for You to quickly call forth the children who can elevate the Father's glory on this earth.  
How many children are there at this time who call upon the Father and build hidden altars, longing to find the path of Your will? The mission to find them is also carried by the children gathered here, so, Father, please help us to fulfill that mission.  
Help all the children to be gathered by the Father, and may the day come soon when we can elevate the great purpose of the Father's glory. We earnestly hope and desire for this.  
We have a mission to awaken the 2.4 billion sleeping humanity before we fulfill our responsibilities as humans, so, Father, when we confidently move forward with the words You have given us, please ignite the flames of life everywhere and raise the history of resurrection, so that we may become children who can elevate the Father's joy and glory on this earth. We earnestly hope and desire for this.  
Let us firmly believe that we have the responsibility to resolve the heartfelt sorrow of Christ, who has been working for the humanity of this earth for thousands of years, and who is pleading before the Father on our behalf.  
Before fulfilling the responsibilities of humanity, do not let us abandon the heavenly standards, and allow us to be children who can receive only what heaven can give. Father, please come to this place at this time and help us to be children who can fulfill our responsibilities and receive heavenly grace. We earnestly hope and desire for this.  
Help us not to be children who abandon the mission we have already taken on, but rather to be beloved children of the Father who can manifest His glory until the end, so that we may have no regrets. We earnestly hope and desire for this.  
In the midst of difficult circumstances, please embrace and work with the children who are building lonely altars and crying out before the Father. We earnestly hope and desire for this, so that they may become heavenly children who can excellently uphold Your will.  
Father, at this time, please work personally and grant us the grace to receive the words of life that will allow us to walk the path of eternal life. Please be with us until the end, so that when the children gathered here return, they may return with beautiful hearts, having received the great grace of heaven, and may they be refined to praise the Father.  
In all these things, we pray in the name of our loving Lord. Amen.  
<Prayer (Ⅲ)> Father! Please allow us to understand the heart of Jesus, who had to cross the hill of the cross and go to the eternal world, leaving behind His beloved disciples. May this time be one where we can feel the heart of Jesus Christ, who gathered His beloved disciples, whom He had shared joy and sorrow with for three years, before Him and earnestly asked for their well-being.  
May our hearts resonate with His, and may we be able to respond with a heart that reaches heaven and moves the humans on earth, so that we may be humble offerings in unity of purpose. We earnestly hope and desire for this.  
Though countless followers fell away in a situation akin to despair, only the twelve apostles remained, yet even among them, Jesus felt that Judas would soon betray Him. Please allow us to feel the heart of Jesus Christ, who sensed this. When the three years of His public life, where He believed in and worked with people, ended in such a lonely environment, may we be allowed to feel His heart today.  
Father! As Jesus faced the path of death on the cross, may we be allowed to feel His deep heart as He spoke to heaven. May we be raised as children who can be a source of comfort to His heart as living sacrifices before You. We earnestly hope and desire for this.  
Now, do not leave us alone, but please be with us, so that the steps taken during this hour do not become steps of lamentation. We earnestly hope and desire for You to take charge of all aspects of our lives, Father.  
Please allow the loving children to recognize the presence of Satan around them, and do not let them become children who have the leisure of yielding to Satan. Grant us the right body and heart towards the Father, and let this time be one where we can build the altar of victory with all our intellect and sincerity.  
Please allow this, dear Father, as we earnestly hope and desire for it.  
Remove human perceptions and concepts from our surroundings, and may the hearts of the giver and the receiver become one, bringing joy and glory to You, Father. We earnestly hope for this and pray in the name of our loving Lord. Amen.  
<Word> The message we wish to deliver today is "Jesus, who goes and comes for heaven and earth." I will speak for a moment on this title.  
The position of Adam and Eve in the universe  
It is undoubtedly true that God created the heavens and the earth to enjoy His glory. For this reason, He first created the incorporeal world of angels, and then created the corporeal world as a representation of the incorporeal world. And He created Adam and Eve as the center and representative of both the spiritual and physical worlds.  
Adam and Eve were destined to share the fate of heaven and earth as long as they did not change. In other words, they had the fate to move as heaven and earth moved. Therefore, if Adam and Eve changed, heaven and earth would change, and if the center of Adam and Eve was scattered, the center of the entire universe would also be scattered. Adam and Eve were created with the inevitable condition that if the center of the entire universe was scattered, the center of the Creator would also be scattered.  
When Adam and Eve fell, the center of the universe was misaligned, and as a result, the center of the Creator was also misaligned. Therefore, God is in a position to re-establish the center of heaven and earth and to harmonize the created world with that correct center, making the center of the Creator and the center of the created beings one and the same. When that happens, if heaven is joyful, the earth will also be joyful, and if the earth is joyful, heaven will also be joyful. Since heaven is eternal, the earth will also be eternal, and when heaven is immersed in the joy of the infinite realm, the earth will also be immersed in the joy of the infinite realm.  
As long as the fate of the Creator does not go awry, the fate of the created world cannot change. However, due to the fall of Adam and Eve, the center of the created world was disrupted, and everything became misaligned in direction and center. The history to restore this is the providential history of restoration, and through this history of restoration, we have come to today after a long span of 6,000 years.  
Until this time, God's providence of love has been manifested through numerous prophets and sages, symbolically showing love through them, and at the same time, through Jesus Christ, who is the embodiment of that overall love, He has shown the love of providence both internally and externally.  
Therefore, His heart represented the center of the incorporeal world, and His body represented the center of the corporeal world. The Israelites, who should have known this Jesus, did not, and thus they delivered Jesus Christ to the cross. Therefore, you must understand that the entire heaven and earth fell into darkness.  
The purpose of Jesus' words and practical life  
What was the one and only purpose of Jesus Christ coming? It was to establish an unchanging eternal center on heaven and earth, equipped with the heart of the Father who created the heavens and the earth. Jesus Christ came to this earth to establish such a center.  
For this reason, what He spoke was not to establish any personal center for Himself. It was not to establish a partial center in a certain neighborhood of Jerusalem or a certain town in Israel, but to establish a center that could connect to the center of the entire spiritual world, the center of the Creator.  
His actions were not individual actions, and His hopes were not individual hopes, nor was His struggle limited to an individual struggle. The goal He aspired to was to stand as an unchanging center that could encompass all of heaven and earth, transcending all things and reaching the position that represents the heart of God, the Creator. You must understand this.  
You must understand the words of Jesus Christ, the life of Jesus Christ, and the practical actions of Jesus Christ, which were actions that marked the beginning of the new construction of heaven and earth, and His words were those that would bring about the history of re-creation to fulfill that one purpose.  
After a preparation period of 30 years, He spoke during His 3 years of practical life to re-establish the unchanging center of heaven and earth that was lost during the time of Adam and Eve. However, because the people of Israel could not believe the words He spoke, Jesus Christ, who was to be established as the center of the spiritual and physical worlds, was only established as the center of the spiritual world and was not established in the center of the physical world. You must understand this.  
What did Jesus live for until He crossed the hill of the cross? What did He labor for during His 30 years on this earth? Primarily, He labored for the earth.  
However, because of His labor for the earth, the purpose He sought to achieve on earth was to establish a center that should have been completed in one entity, combining spirit and flesh. But due to the separation of spirit and flesh, the body of Jesus Christ, which was to be the center of reality on earth, was harmed. Thus, only the spirit of Jesus, representing the spiritual world, was completed, and the 2,000 years of history since the resurrection has been a period of restoration providence centered on the spiritual world. You must understand this.  
After Jesus died on the cross, He resurrected and, after 40 days of activity on earth, ascended again to the spiritual world. In this way, the fact that Jesus returned, resurrected, and ascended again symbolically shows the history of God's creation.  
In the Book of Genesis, it says, "And there was evening and there was morning, the first day." (Gen 1:5) This indicates that there is a night time. The three days of Jesus' tomb correspond to a period like the night. The 30 years of His life were the daytime, during which Jesus labored to establish His disciples. After this process of labor, His resurrection was like passing through the night and welcoming a new morning.  
The resurrected Jesus labored to set a light on the earth, but He could not establish a light on the earth. Although it seemed that He resurrected to set a light on the earth, in reality, He resurrected as the center of the spiritual world, so Jesus Christ could not remain on the earth and returned to the spiritual world. This signifies that Jesus Christ, who passed through the night period and welcomed the daytime, returned to the eternal world at evening.  
What remains now? What remains is the night period. Because of the coming of Christ, what should have become an eternal morning has turned back into a period like evening due to the death of Jesus Christ, so there is now a responsibility to take on this night period. We must bear this responsibility because we handed over Jesus Christ.  
Just as Jesus Christ established the standard of victory over Satan on the cross to complete the responsibility of this night period, many Christians remaining on this earth today are in a position where they must overcome the hill of the battle of this night period.  
The era in which you can overcome the hill of this night period, following the example of Jesus and resurrecting to enjoy the glory of the new morning with Him, is what we call the era of hopeful second coming.  
Jesus Christ came to this earth and lived for over 30 years for the earth. Because Jesus came for the humanity of this earth, even if the humans on earth oppose Him or say they do not know Him, Jesus must stand in the position of knowing.  
When Jesus went out from the Garden of Gethsemane to the Mount of Calvary, even the disciples who were following Him abandoned Him. When Jesus was crucified, no one acknowledged Him. Not a single disciple said they knew Him. In this way, there was no one who said they knew Him, but because Jesus came for the earth, He established the position of knowing for the humans on earth who said they did not know Him. This is why He went to find the disciples by the Sea of Galilee after His resurrection.  
In this way, Jesus left a path that the humans on earth could know, and after 40 days, He ascended again.  
Now, even when we are in the position of saying we do not know, Jesus Christ is in the position of knowing us, so even if we live in a world that does not recognize Jesus, we must stand in the position of knowing Him.  
Therefore, for the past 2,000 years since Jesus came, humanity has been engaged in the act of seeking Jesus in their hearts. Just as Jesus sought out the apostles by the Sea of Galilee, in order to repay the grace of Jesus who sought them, believers have had to seek towards the heaven where Jesus went for the past 2,000 years. This lifestyle has continued until today.  
So, what did Jesus go to heaven for? Because Jesus came for the earth, what He must achieve is the will of heaven, and even in the spiritual world, He is still working for the will of heaven.  
Having established the standard of knowing for the humans on earth, Jesus went to the spiritual world, and if He did not establish the standard of knowing in the incorporeal world, humans could not remain in the world of knowing. Therefore, for the past 2,000 years, Jesus has been praying before God to establish the standard of knowing from the position where you do not know.  
It is said that Jesus prays for humanity at the right hand of God, but what kind of prayer is He offering? It is a prayer filled with sweat and blood. If humans on earth say they know Jesus, then Jesus, having gone to the spiritual world, acknowledges them.  
If Jesus does not create a position from which He can say He knows before God, the spiritual world that humans can reach will not be recognized before the Father. Therefore, until today, Jesus has been in the spiritual world, praying before God with the effort of saying He knows us. You must understand this well.  
After going through this, how will Jesus come again?
When He comes, He will bring together the affairs of the earth and the affairs of heaven. He will take responsibility for the affairs of the earth and the affairs of heaven on our behalf. Therefore, we must follow the path that Jesus Christ, who died on the cross, resurrected, ascended, and is now in heaven, took until He returns.

At this time, which corresponds to the morning of resurrection after the 2,000 years of night, when the returning Jesus establishes a center in heaven to welcome us, you must feel in your hearts that Jesus is coming towards the earth.

Until now, the form of faith among us believers has been to look to heaven and long for Jesus. This has been the motto and standard of our faith up to today.

In this day and age, we must long for the Holy Spirit, who is working on our behalf for the earth. You must understand this. Countless people have spiritually longed for Jesus over the past 2,000 years, but today we must also long for the Holy Spirit. You must think of this as saints and as humanity. The time has come to long for the Holy Spirit, and the time has come to complete the body of the bride.

Since the Holy Spirit is the spirit of the bride, we must be able to embody the form and shape of the bride. When this happens, Jesus Christ can rest in the spirit world. And by establishing a center in heaven and on earth, we will be able to return to this earth centered around that.

Having longed for the spirit world in our hearts, we must now long for the Holy Spirit, who works within us. Therefore, we long for Jesus, who is the spiritual symbol, and we long for the Holy Spirit, who is the physical symbol, so that the heart that longs for Jesus and the body that longs for the Holy Spirit can become one in us. Only then can the center of heaven and the center of earth merge in my one heart and body. Because of this, Jesus can stand in my place, and the Holy Spirit can stand in my place, and I can represent all people in the will of Jesus and the Holy Spirit.

Now, what meaning will the Lord, who must come to this earth, bring with Him? You must establish the center of Jesus and the Holy Spirit within yourselves. You, who have a living body, must embody the center of a reality that symbolizes the spirit world and the physical world, following the examples of Jesus and the Holy Spirit. Otherwise, the entire ideal of God's creation cannot be fulfilled in you alone. The mission of establishing such a center is the mission of Jesus and the Holy Spirit. To establish this one center, Jesus Christ is returning.

What must the saints of the returning age do? How should we uphold this one purpose today? We must not only think about how Jesus Christ went to the shores of the Sea of Galilee to find His beloved disciples. Jesus Christ does not always come to find you. You must become one bride and welcome Jesus Christ.

Since Jesus and the Holy Spirit are the center of heaven, you must establish a standard that allows you to become the center of the earth by uniting body and mind. This is not just a time to long for Jesus. Now, we must prepare the body of the Holy Spirit so that we, as individual entities, can find and welcome Jesus on this earth. You must establish this one center.

Jesus Christ, who desires this one center, has established the Holy Spirit for you and has worked hard for 2,000 years until today. Now you must repay this effort. God has sent Jesus Christ to this earth as the center representing spirit and flesh, establishing a standard that has only been spiritually fulfilled. You must find and welcome Jesus Christ to complete the unfinished part of the flesh. If you complete this in your own body, you can welcome Jesus Christ, who has worked hard until today, into your heart.

Today, humanity must move forward to Jesus, resembling the heart of Jesus Christ and the body of Jesus Christ, resembling the heart of the Holy Spirit and the body of the Holy Spirit, and confidently appear before all creation. You must become someone who can stand before God and boast of your individual self.

And I must become someone who can boast before Jesus and the Holy Spirit. Then, I must also become someone who can boast before the apostles. Thus, standing before the Father, I must be able to confidently declare, "Father, who has labored for 6,000 years! I will subdue Satan, who has been an enemy for 6,000 years, within my own body. Father, from this moment on, please relieve me of the concern for Satan because of me."

Furthermore, I must have the heart to say, "The cries of sin that have permeated this entire creation have all retreated because of me. Father! Please resolve the cries that have permeated heaven and earth through this."

Then, I must also have the heart to say that God has established beloved sons and daughters over 6,000 years but has never been able to love them. Even today, although God wants to love our very selves, He cannot sincerely establish and love us until we believe in that word. 

Therefore, the responsibility of us believers today is... Jesus came to this earth and labored for heaven. Just as Jesus labored for heaven, only those who can stand as the center being representing all creation and the infinite spirit world can participate in the world of glory where Jesus Christ appears with the joy of heaven and earth, and where God, Jesus, the Holy Spirit, and you can live together in the world of joy. You must keep this in mind.

<Prayer> Loving Father! When we look at the 6,000 years of history, we see that, broadly speaking, it has been a night period, and now we are in the moment of longing for the dawn that must appear.

Broadly speaking, we are at the point where the morning is approaching after passing through the night period, and today, we must prepare the gift of resurrection after passing through the dark night period, placing our hearts before Jesus, who is in heaven, and by embodying the heart of Jesus, who thinks of the earth, we must establish a physical center by becoming one with the Holy Spirit who comes to us, and thus, by welcoming Jesus Christ at that center, we must establish a spiritual center to become a central being embodying the original heart of the Father who created heaven and earth.

Are we living only for the earth? This is only half a life. Or are we living only for the spirit? This too is only half. Until now, we have lived a life following Jesus, but now we must fulfill the hope of Jesus, who desires us to come down and long for the Holy Spirit to be completed as one bride. 

We hope that the character of the bride of the Holy Spirit will be embodied in us, and that His nature and virtue will be transformed in our hearts and bodies. We ask that we stand as a being who can complete what Jesus Christ could not complete physically on this earth, standing as a central being who can represent the entire ideal of creation.

Thus, as the original center of heaven, we ask that we can boast before all creation as the center through heaven and earth, and that we may stand before the Father with confidence, saying, "I can now turn the hidden heart of love from 6,000 years alone, so Father, please love me."

We ask that you lead us to the position of sons who can say this. Until today, you have labored to achieve this, so believing in the labor of the Father who has come through the labor of history, believing in His calling, His establishment, and His seeking, we stand as beings who can love, and now we ask that you place us in the position where we can look at all things.

We earnestly hope that you will set us as children who can be boasted of before the Father. We ask that your loving children who are present at this time may have the words they have heard become the center of life in their hearts and bodies, and that wherever they go, they may go without blemish and not lose their center.

Even if it becomes night, may our hearts dwell in the day, and may we be led to be in a state where we are not lacking in appearance to receive you, no matter when you come, when the Holy Spirit comes, and when the Father manifests. We earnestly ask that you establish us as children who have completed their preparations, no matter when you come.

We conclude all these words, so please be with us throughout their life journey. We pray in the name of the Lord. Amen. 

Let us give glory to God with the resurrection, just as Jesus did. 
Matthew 22:34-40

<Prayer> Loving Father, how many times did Jesus wish for the Israelites, the Pharisees, and the Jews who do not believe to repent? 

The path of Jesus, who was crowded and chased and could not find rest, pierces our hearts and bodies, and we cannot help but feel His heart and cannot help but resemble that heart. May this time be granted to us, for this is the will of the Father and also our hope, is it not?

Now, we must bear the words of the gospel that Jesus Christ walked and left behind, and we have the responsibility to fight against countless Satans and return the glory of victory to the Father. Please allow us to feel this in our hearts at this time. Just as Jesus had a heartfelt desire for heaven, may we also have a heartfelt desire for heaven today.

Just as Jesus boldly stood before the gathered multitude who believed in heaven, may we also be children who can boldly stand before the Father’s words of life and truth. 

Please allow me not to boast about myself today before Jesus, and do not let me reveal my circumstances before the Father. At this time, there are many who bow down before you, but please do not let me be ashamed. 

Lead me to be able to take the position of Jesus and to represent the heart of the Father. If it is the Father’s hope that I appear before all people without hesitation at any time in the will of Jesus Christ, please remember these children who are bowing here. Please visit each one and command each one.

Lead us to be able to fight on behalf of Jesus Christ to fulfill the Father’s will, and to be saints who are in harmony with the Father’s will. My Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.

Father, even when Jesus was rebutted, He defended for heaven and fought to establish the one will of the Father, but today, have we ever been in a position where we rebutted the Father? We often complain about the Father’s will. 

Father, please forgive us. Now we will boldly proclaim the Father’s will before all people, so please establish these gathered multitudes as warriors of heaven and as children of the Father. Command us, guide us, seek us, and establish us in a position where we can boast. 

Father, I earnestly hope and desire that you will love us and lead us. 

At this time, may your powerful hand be with us from beginning to end, and may we be granted the heart of gentle and humble children. May we become children who can be offered as living sacrifices before the dignified Father and be recreated in our original selves.

At this time, we do not need many words, so please allow the work of life’s inspiration to pierce through our whole hearts and bodies, and may we be able to sing of the Father’s joy and testify to the Father’s glory through the words that awaken our bodies and hearts. 

I earnestly ask this in the name of the Lord. Amen. 

Let us give glory to God with the resurrection, just as Jesus did.
It is not just a message that cries out only for the people who do not believe. It is a message for all humanity. Jesus was prepared to die for God. He knew that the remaining path was a fateful road that could not be avoided. He recognized that fallen humanity had not devoted their hearts, characters, and intentions to God at any point in history. Knowing this, Jesus boldly stepped forward and cried out.

"Love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your mind." He spoke these words with confidence. You should not understand this single statement as something that applies only to you.

What does this one statement represent? Jesus deeply felt God's sorrowful inner heart that permeated the 4,000 years of history. He felt the responsibility to serve God and realized that at any moment, he must become a representative who devoted his heart, life, and will in a way that had not been done in the 4,000 years of history. This was reiterated here.

The glory of heaven was to be manifested as the glory of Jesus, the glory of Jesus was to be manifested as the glory of all people, and the glory of all people was to reach all of creation. However, because Jesus was separated from the people, the glory of resurrection and thanksgiving that was achieved in Jesus alone has remained as the hope of humanity today.

Jesus appeared as the embodiment of God's glory. He was a being who devoted his heart, character, and will for God, the embodiment of victory that had not existed in the historical process. Therefore, you must understand that God's heart is accumulated in Jesus alone. Furthermore, you must recognize that before Jesus devoted his heart, God had already devoted His heart. Before Jesus devoted his will, God had already devoted His will. And before Jesus devoted his character, God had already devoted His character. In this way, Jesus appeared as the embodiment of the gospel and a mediating existence.

Therefore, this truth of Jesus is not merely a message felt from the side, but a message through the ideal of human creation, a message established as a glory ideal that can elevate the value of the whole, and a message that reveals the hidden heart of the Father. You must understand this.

Today, you should not think that the words spoken by God were only for His own love. And when Jesus spoke such words, he thought that he must now concretely fulfill the purpose for which God had worked hard to establish Himself. Just as God had done everything for Jesus, humanity has the responsibility to do everything for God, a responsibility that has yet to be fulfilled.

Therefore, we must now honor God with all our hearts, all our intentions, and all our characters, and we must recognize that God Himself first came to us with all His heart, all His will, and all His character.

What kind of heart did God have toward humanity over the 4,000 years? He did not come with a heart to serve Himself. Although humanity deserved to die and to suffer, God walked the 4,000-year historical path of patience toward humanity and fought the battle of discernment against Satan with all His will over those 4,000 years.

You must understand that God has endured, fought, and loved with an unchanging heart of love for 4,000 years.

Jesus, who appeared before such a God, devoted His heart in order to establish God's nation centered on the Israelite people. Therefore, the 30 years of Jesus' life was a period of sacrifice in which He devoted His heart. During those 30 years, He did not reveal Himself before the people but sought to empathize with the heavenly heart that had endured for 4,000 years.

Thus, Jesus felt the facts related to Satan in the 4,000-year historical process and testified to them internally in the spirit world. Furthermore, He had the responsibility to reveal the secrets of heavenly principles hidden within the 4,000 years of history, to fulfill the reality of God's inner patience, and to establish the external reality over His 30 years of life.

Therefore, you must understand that the more difficult the situation Jesus faced, the more He was in a position to seek His own self, yet He could not think of seeking it. Jesus felt the one heart with which God had endured for 4,000 years to find Himself, the heart that endured to find each individual human being, and He prepared for over 30 years to manifest that heart as a reality.

Until this time, God has not justified Himself to anyone. He could not justify Himself to all people, nor to the enemy Satan. Because Jesus was trying to empathize with God's entire heart, He endured without justifying Himself to anyone, even in a lonely position. You must emulate this life of Jesus' endurance.

However, God endured for Jesus, and Jesus did not endure for Himself, but for the Father. In other words, Jesus felt that He was walking the path of labor to find Himself, not for His own sake but for God's sake.

In this way, because Jesus endured for over 30 years, having left Himself behind for God, He surpassed the endurance of Satan. Satan has struggled to destroy the path that God has endured for 4,000 years. However, knowing that there was a patience of the Father that exceeded Satan's endurance, Jesus believed in that Father and endured like the Father, thus becoming the embodiment of patience.

In this way, standing on the expectation of God's heart that had endured for 4,000 years, Jesus fought against Satan with patience and won. However, when He could not establish the foundation for a substantial victory, the heart of God that had endured for 4,000 years would be destroyed.

Jesus, who overcame Satan with the heart of patience, faced situations in which He could not endure, yet He endured because He held onto God's will. He also endured in a position where Satan could not endure and upheld God's will, and because He was established as a symbol of those who endure, Jesus became the protagonist who could fight against Satan.

God walked the bloody path of history for 4,000 years to find Jesus alone. And even as humanity struggled to fulfill their personal desires, God walked the historical path of battle for humanity. In this way, God fought against Satan for 4,000 years, but He did not fight centered on Himself.

However, what Satan has desired until today is for his own glory. Until now, he has fought against God centered on himself. But God did not fight for Himself. The purpose of God's battle was for the miserable humanity trapped in Satan's embrace and to elevate Jesus through the chosen people.

So, what kind of being did Jesus appear as? He appeared as the embodiment of victory, the reality that won the battle against Satan over 4,000 years. Jesus came to this earth as the protagonist of the battle on behalf of God. Therefore, the path of Jesus' three years of public life was the path of responsibility to establish the standard of victory externally, inheriting the internal standard of victory that God had set.

During these three years of public life, Satan fought against Jesus for his own victory but was defeated, so he mobilized the people to fight against Jesus again.

However, during the three years of public life, Jesus never fought centered on Himself, no matter how difficult the battle was. Jesus said that He acted by seeing what the Father was doing. As the embodiment of God's battle, He walked the path of public life for three years, revealing God's inner heart. Jesus did not engage in a battle to justify Himself.

Just as God could not justify Himself for the labor He had undertaken over 4,000 years, Jesus did not justify Himself before all people in the position of fighting against Satan. Jesus upheld God with an unchanging heart regarding the labor of providence that God had undertaken for 4,000 years.

Realizing this one fact, that God's will was manifested through the battle of providence, Jesus expanded the battle to fulfill the entire will that God had established internally. In the battle between Jesus and Satan, while Satan fought for himself, Jesus fought for heaven. Here, the standard of victory was established.

So, what was the reason for Satan's defeat? It was because he fought for himself. The purpose of Satan's battle was for himself. However, Jesus placed the purpose of the battle in heaven. And because Jesus fought with the unwavering heart of God, promising not to change until the end, He established the standard of victory. Just as God devoted His heart, will, and character, Jesus also showed such an attitude before humanity.

Thus, Jesus was able to inherit God's inner character, enduring all difficulties and sorrows while loving, receiving God's heart. Therefore, wherever Jesus was, He fought against Satan as the embodiment of God's will and love.

In the process of fighting against Satan, Jesus understood that when Satan attacked centered on his own purpose, the impact would not only affect Jesus but also reach God. Therefore, no matter what difficulties He faced, Jesus endured as God had endured for Him and as God had endured for all humanity, and as God had fought against Satan throughout the history of providence, Jesus fought against Satan while enduring alone for over 30 years. 

Thus, until the moment of His death on the cross, Jesus' life was a life that practically embodied God's love. However, the path of His life, the path in which He practiced God's love, was a trial process walked while fighting against Satan.

So why did God allow Jesus to be handed over to Satan and die on the cross? It was not because God did not love Jesus. Do you know to what extent God loved Jesus? You must understand that God's greatest love is received in a place that transcends death. Therefore, you must have a heartfelt desire to overcome even the peak of death to receive the love of Jesus, who came on behalf of God. Only then will Satan be compelled to submit.

For 4,000 years, God alone looked at the entire world with sorrow, worry, and labor, but with the establishment of Jesus on earth, a new battle against Satan centered on Him began. Thus, Jesus forgot everything about Himself and fought for God, and even in the moment of death, because He did not carry the desire for Himself, He was able to manifest the power of resurrection. Today, we too must go through such a victorious process like Jesus.

Jesus possessed eternal life from God and devoted everything to manifest God's glory. He offered Himself as a sacrifice for sinful humanity. We must recognize the love of Jesus, who prayed for humanity to the point of forgetting even what Satan opposes.

Because Jesus manifested a love that could not be shown in the world of Satan, Satan had no choice but to submit before His love. Although Satan had his own purpose, he felt ashamed through Jesus. Thus, due to the cross, not only did God, who had been providentially working for 4,000 years, begin to feel sorrow, but humanity also began to feel sorrow, and Satan too began to feel sorrow. You must understand this.

It was not only God and humanity who mourned the death of Jesus. Satan also mourned the death of Jesus' love. Therefore, as Satan's sorrow increases, the fruits of Jesus' love will multiply.

Through the victory of the cross that demonstrated His love, Jesus established an unchanging connection with God, who had been providentially working for 4,000 years, and became the embodiment of unchanging victory and unchanging love. Because Jesus became one with God on behalf of heaven, earth, and humanity, Jesus Christ could not change as long as God did not change.

God sought to manifest glory for 4,000 years, but His purpose was not fulfilled until Jesus was established. Therefore, Jesus sought to manifest that purpose on earth through humanity. He was to appear as the evidential reality of God's 4,000-year providence, but due to the cross, that purpose was trampled by Satan.

However, Jesus, as the eternal embodiment of God, showed the glory of God that had been providentially worked for 4,000 years, and that glory was the glory of resurrection. You must understand this.

The resurrection was the first to represent the glory of heaven in the 4,000-year history and was the glory of victory over the battle with Satan that lasted for 4,000 years. Because Jesus showed this victorious standard both spiritually and substantially, God raised the dead Jesus again to unfold a new providence. By being nailed to the cross, Jesus took on the responsibility of the 4,000-year providential history, took on the responsibilities of His ancestors, and went to heaven to represent the glory of heaven.

In this way, Jesus came to fulfill the inner glory of God on earth, that is, to manifest God's complete glory. This is because complete glory can only be achieved when internal and external glory are combined. Jesus came to fulfill this mission.

For God's glory to be fully realized, the only begotten Son Jesus, who came as the embodiment of God's internal glory, must not be separated from the Jewish people but must become one, so that the internal glory of God within Jesus would become the glory on earth. However, because Jesus, who was to take on the 4,000-year providential history and realize God's glory on earth, was crucified due to the disbelief of the Jews, the internal glory of heaven became spiritual glory.

Therefore, Jesus ascended having achieved incomplete glory.
After ascending, Jesus is engaged in the heavenly battles that God has been fighting against Satan for 4,000 years, the true battle to restore humanity, the battle of providence to fulfill His will, and the battle of love on behalf of the Holy Spirit. In other words, Jesus has gone to the spiritual world and is fighting on behalf of God, taking over the battles that God has been waging.

So, where must Jesus Christ, who has represented humanity and all creation before God, who has been working for 4,000 years, truly achieve victory? It is none other than on this earth.

The Holy Spirit, responsible for the battle on earth
Then, who is responsible for the course of this battle remaining on earth? Jesus is fighting in the spiritual world, having taken over God's internal battles, and the Holy Spirit and we must work together on the ground to achieve victory in the battle of love that concretely fulfills the internal struggle and providence. Without full cooperation, we cannot succeed.

This battle is not merely a spiritual one. It must be fought in both spirit and flesh. And you must understand that the fate of humanity is to win in that battle. In other words, just as Jesus has been fighting in the spiritual world, taking over God's internal battles, we must take on the mission of fighting for the salvation of humanity, sacrificing our lives for over 30 years.

Therefore, you must now pray and cry out, "Father! Jesus! Holy Spirit! Please give me strength," and do your utmost to fulfill the historical hope of heaven on earth.

Jesus came as the embodiment of God's 4,000 years of effort and as the first completion that God hoped for. However, there remained an unfinished path that Jesus could not complete in his 30 years of life. There is also the regret that he could not fully glorify God during his three years of public ministry, and the love expressed through the blood shed on the cross remains on this earth.

For this reason, we today must inherit the mission that Jesus could not fulfill on earth and must achieve it in both spirit and flesh. We must dedicate our entire lives to inheriting the path that Jesus Christ walked.

Then, when we stand before the Father and reflect on our individual selves, what should we do? Jesus fought against Satan to fulfill God's will, and for 2,000 years after Jesus, the Holy Spirit has worked alongside him. You must strive to resemble Jesus. You should understand that Jesus did not just establish his victory in one day; it was over a period of more than 30 years. You must grasp the heart of Jesus, who longed to fulfill the heart and will of the Father over 6,000 years.

Thus, if you cannot endure with all your heart in the course of the trials you face today, the will of God, who has been saddened for 6,000 years because of you, the will that Jesus worked for throughout his life, and the will that the Holy Spirit has worked for over 2,000 years will all come to nothing. You must clearly understand this.

Let us give glory to God through the resurrection like Jesus.
Therefore, you must now engage in the battle for this will.

Our mission
Jesus faced many objections from his enemies. When he was driven out of one city, he went to another, and when he was despised in one place, he fled to another. Yet, even in those circumstances, Jesus did not know how to justify himself. He brought the entire life of heaven with him, but he could not express that value. Thus, through the silent path of battle, Jesus, even on the mountain of the cross, forgot himself and fought against Satan, centered on God's will and love.

Therefore, if you have any heart of love to establish Jesus himself, it is not something that makes Jesus sad but something that brings him joy. You must think of this fact and replace the 30 years of Jesus’ heartfelt life today, and you must replace the heart of God, who has endured until now.

You must replace the hearts of the prophets who established altars and worked through nations to fulfill God's will for 4,000 years, and you must emulate the heart with which Jesus loved humanity. Thus, today, you must do what Jesus did, establishing the standard of victory with a heart that does not love himself and does not seek to elevate himself, causing Satan to grieve. You must conclude all battles of the past 6,000 years.

You must achieve victory in all the paths of endurance. You must also achieve victory in the battle that testifies to the will of heaven. Each of you must represent Jesus Christ. You must possess the heart of victory that God has endured for 4,000 years, the heart of glory that has been endured, and the heart of love that has been endured. Just as Jesus labored to fulfill only God's will, you too must forget your individual self and bring forth the glory that God desires. You must bear fruit of victory with your heart and body.

Therefore, with your heart, you can sing of Jesus' glory, and with your body, you can sing of the glory of the Holy Spirit. And if we cannot represent the glory of Jesus' resurrection with our hearts and the glory of resurrection through the Holy Spirit with our bodies, then the Holy Spirit cannot enter the place of resurrection glory. Jesus has the glory to ascend in resurrection, but the Holy Spirit has not yet attained that glory.

Until today, there has not emerged a being that embodies both spirit and flesh, representing the glory of God that has been worked for over 6,000 years. Today, there must emerge a person who can stand in the glory of victory that comes from Jesus' love and a person who can stand in the glory of resurrection that comes from the Holy Spirit. You must understand that if you do not manifest as a being who can fight with body and spirit, just as Jesus fought to fulfill God's 4,000-year providence, then God's will, which has been worked for 6,000 years, will not be revealed in glory.

So, what should we do from here? You must understand that the Holy Spirit, who possesses the heart, will, and nature of unity, has come to this earth. Therefore, unless the substantial being that represents the will of Jesus Christ, who has represented God's love for unity, and the substantial being of the Holy Spirit appear on this earth, God's will cannot be fulfilled. You must understand this. Today, you must be grateful before the Father who has given you life. And you must recognize that you bear the responsibility to liberate the Holy Spirit on this earth.

However, if this does not happen in these last days, the purpose of God's 6,000-year providence will not be fulfilled. Therefore, today, you must achieve victory in every course of battle to fulfill the will that God, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit desire. You must overcome the course of battle and the course of endurance to reveal the resurrection glory of the Triune God.

Let us fulfill God's will for unity through love.
The title of the message I want to deliver today is "Let Us Fulfill God's Will for Unity in Love." I will speak briefly on this topic.

This message is one that you all know well as the most important in your faith life, one that you have memorized and hold as the center of your life to live well.

God's hope in raising prophets
Because God's will was not fulfilled due to Adam's fall, the restoration providence has been repeated throughout history until today.

God's original intention was for humanity to live in harmony with one love centered on one will, enjoying God's love throughout heaven and earth, and establishing that love as the center of actual life, living as one. However, due to the fall of Adam and Eve, God's love remained only as God's love. In other words, the love that should have been related to humanity could not relate to humanity and became distant from humanity and all creation.

Thus, God has been working through history for 6,000 years, hoping for that day when all creation can enjoy the love centered on the love He wishes to establish. However, the ideal of God's love has not yet been unified with all creation, and the hopeful love that must be sought remains as it is. Therefore, God has been working tirelessly to fulfill that will.

Throughout the ages since the fall of humanity, God has sought to find a heart that can believe in and love humanity, and has been working for a long time, but has not yet achieved that.

When we reflect on the history of God's providence, we can see that God sought to establish an unchanging standard of hope, ideals, and love for humanity by raising one person, Abraham. Only when the day comes when this will of God is fulfilled, when such a center of love is established, can a relationship between God and humanity be formed. Based on that relationship, God can enjoy a new ideal, which is why He chose and raised Abraham. However, because Abraham could not establish the center of love, God has been paving the way to establish the will of heavenly love until the time of Jesus.

Therefore, the 4,000 years leading up to Jesus were a period in which God needed to establish a substantial being that fulfilled His hope, faith, and love in the overall providence. If such a being were not established, God's hope, faith, and love would remain separated, and there would be no unity at any point in history. Thus, God first laid the foundation of hope. Then, on that foundation, He sought to lay the foundation of faith, and on that foundation of faith, He sought to lay the foundation of love. Ultimately, He aimed for the day when all of this could be presented as a substantial embodiment of hope, faith, and love before heaven and earth. However, if that day does not come, the ideal of unity centered on God's love cannot be achieved on this earth.

To establish that day, God has worked through 4,000 years of providence, starting with Abraham, passing through Moses, and reaching John the Baptist, dividing the history of providence into three stages while laying the foundation of hope. The one who appeared as a substantial being on that foundation of hope was none other than Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ was the substantial being that God had hoped for over 4,000 years, and thus He was the total embodiment of God's hope.

So, what did Jesus, as that embodiment, sow on this earth? It was the gospel of the New Testament established through the path of righteousness, that is, the gospel of faith. Since then, a history of 2,000 years has passed centered on this gospel of faith.

Now, who is the being that will appear as the substantial embodiment of love, representing heaven and earth on the foundation of this gospel of faith? He is the returning Lord you must recognize. So, what does God intend to do in the age of the Second Advent? You must understand that the purpose of God's 6,000-year providential history is to sow a seed of life on the foundation of faith that has been laid until now, centered on the returning Lord.

The central element of the age of the covenant
Today, we view God as the protagonist of our hope, the protagonist of our faith, and the protagonist of our love. The God who is the protagonist of hope, faith, and love has led humanity through the age of the Old Testament, which represented hope, and the age of the New Testament, which represented faith. Now, we must pass through the age of the covenant, which represents love.

So, what can remain as the eternal and unchanging central element in this age of the covenant, that is, the age of the Second Advent? It is God's love. It is the central element of the whole and also the element of the whole ideal.

Therefore, until now, humanity has walked the paths of providence of hope and faith for the sake of this love. However, if you do not walk the path of providence of love, you must understand that the foundation for unity that God must establish on this earth centered on love will collapse.

Jesus Christ, who appeared as the center of faith on the foundation of hope, spoke words to establish faith on this earth. If the people of that time had recognized Jesus as the embodiment of faith, as the fulfillment of God's 4,000-year providential history, as the central being in the eternal path of faith, and as a substantial being who could testify to and unify God's eternal love, then the people of that time could have had the eternal hope of God, the eternal faith of God, and could have experienced God's original love through Jesus alone.

However, due to the disbelief of the Jewish people, Jesus Christ's death meant that today we have only completed the spiritual embodiment of hope, the spiritual embodiment of faith, and the spiritual embodiment of love.

So, what is the standard of victory of God's love? It is for any being in heaven and earth to move centered on God's love. However, with the death of Jesus Christ, who came as the embodiment of God's love, all that purpose crumbled.

Jesus came as the being of hope, who labored for 4,000 years, and desired to become one with God. Originally, humanity's ancestors wished to become one with God, but that was shattered due to the fall of Adam and Eve. Thus, it was to be that Jesus Christ would appear as the substantial embodiment of faith, united with God's ideals, in both spirit and flesh, but it was only completed in the spiritual aspect.

Therefore, today we must inherit the legacy that Jesus left behind and fulfill it. Just as Jesus' individual self became the embodiment of God's hope, I must become such a person who can represent Him. Just as Jesus was the embodiment of faith, I must become such a person who can represent Him. And just as He was the embodiment of love, I must also become such a person. Thus, I must stand before God and represent Jesus' hope, faith, and love, and furthermore, I must fulfill my mission as the embodiment of the Holy Spirit's hope, faith, and love.

This is the mission that humanity must fulfill before the Father after Jesus has come and gone. Therefore, when we can complete that mission, we will witness the conclusion of Jesus' hope and the conclusion of the Holy Spirit's hope. Furthermore, we will see the conclusion of Jesus' faith and the Holy Spirit's faith, the conclusion of Jesus' love and the Holy Spirit's love.
What it means is that in order for the Lord of the Second Advent to appear on this earth, you must fulfill the day when you can conclude all of that. 

Humans must become the embodiment of God's faith, hope, and love. God's hope was not for Himself but for humanity. God's faith was not for Himself but for humanity. Likewise, God's love was not for Himself but for humanity. Therefore, humans must be able to replace God's hope, faith, and love. Only then can such a human be a being that represents the hope, faith, and love of the whole to boast before God and all creation.

In other words, that one being can be boasted as the center of hope that all creation desires. Furthermore, it can be boasted as the protagonist that any being in heaven and earth can believe and live by. Additionally, it can be boasted as the center of love that all beings can love.

Just as Jesus Christ appeared as the mediating embodiment of God's love, today we must manifest the hope, faith, and love of Jesus Christ as the substantial embodiments of hope, faith, and love before any evil person on this earth.

If we do not become such beings, we cannot establish the conditions to indemnify the standards of hope, faith, and love of Jesus Christ anywhere. Therefore, today we must repay Jesus Christ, who appeared as the embodiment of God's hope, faith, and love, before the world of Satan.

However, we must not repay only a part of Jesus Christ's hope, nor a part of His faith, nor a part of His love, but we must be able to repay the whole. Humans have sought to establish and repay that one standard on this earth until now, but they have not been able to repay the whole. However, you must understand that Jesus wanted to demonstrate such a process through His three disciples.

So, who was the person who appeared as the embodiment of faith? That was Peter. And who appeared as the embodiment of hope? That was James. And who appeared as the embodiment of love? That was John.

These three people took responsibility for parts of the gospel of Christ and became one, allowing me today to receive the fruits of hope, the fruits of faith, and the fruits of love, and the providential history has flowed with the hope that it would be so. Therefore, it is the final path that these three must unite and conclude as one complete entity. This was the final teaching that Christ left on this earth.

Thus, in order for you to appear as the final completion today, you must become the substitute of Christ. However, if you do not stand as an unchanging entity rooted in the three disciples of Christ, you will not be able to stand before the Bridegroom, Jesus, who established the three disciples. When you think about this, today we must fulfill the hope of faith that established Peter within ourselves. We must fulfill the fruit of hope that established James within ourselves. We must bear the fruit of love that established John within ourselves.

If you become such beings, that is, if you become a bride who can stand before the Jesus of the end times, you will feel the joy of the hope that God has longed for over 6,000 years being fulfilled within yourself, and you will give thanks before the Father.

Furthermore, you must manifest the fact that the hope of faith that God has hoped for over 6,000 years has been fulfilled centered on the love of Jesus, and that it has been fulfilled on behalf of all creation. Thus, you must be able to feel the joy of that love and thank the Father while rejoicing in that love. You must understand that this task remains as a historical responsibility for you today.

What providence requires

Now, when you call out, "Abba Father!" you must prepare the fruits of hope, the fruits of faith, and the fruits of love. What is now required of you? You must be able to feel the sorrow that God has felt for 6,000 years while holding onto hope. You must also feel the effort that God has made to establish faith over 6,000 years, and you must understand the fact that God has gone through the path of sacrifice to fulfill love over 6,000 years.

The practical path that established the fruit of God's 4,000-year hope in the person of Jesus was the history of providential faith, and what was established as a practical path that replaced that faith was the history of the spirit. Then, what showed the practical path that replaced love was the history of unity. 

In this way, Jesus established the path of providence with hope, sowed seeds with spirit, and sought to integrate those that multiplied.

Therefore, now you must realize the love of God, the love of Jesus, and the love of the Holy Spirit. And you must understand that the age in which the hope of Jesus transforms into the hope of God is the age of the Second Advent, the age in which the faith of Jesus transforms into the faith of God is the age of the Second Advent, and the age in which the love of Jesus is spread as the love of God is the age of the Second Advent.

If the fruits of hope of Jesus, the fruits of faith of Jesus, and the fruits of love of Jesus are not borne within you, then you must again seek to establish the center of God's new hope, the center of God's new faith, and the center of God's love. This is the task assigned to you.

So, what must you do to find those? You must fulfill the hope of Jesus, inherit the hope of the Holy Spirit, inherit the faith of Jesus and the Holy Spirit, and inherit the love of Jesus and the Holy Spirit. Thus, you must be able to say, "Father, I have understood the labor of the Holy Spirit. I have understood the hope of the Holy Spirit. I have understood the history that comes from the faith of the Holy Spirit. I have understood the hope of Jesus Christ. I have understood the faith of Jesus Christ. I have understood the love of Jesus Christ." 

You must understand that if such a being does not appear on this earth today, it cannot be. 

So, what kind of being is that one being? The hope that that one being possesses is the hope of Christ, the faith is the faith of Christ, and the love is the love of Christ. However, when that one being concludes these with divine hope, divine faith, and divine love, only then can God conclude the purpose that remains as the hope of Jesus Christ and establish His will. Thus, that one being must transcend the history of Jesus praying on behalf of God, the history of Jesus praying for us at God's right hand until now, and must be able to stand before heaven as a complete entity with both spirit and flesh. 

Moreover, when such a being can experience the joy of God and humanity through Christ, only then can God and humanity become one. We must understand that we need to move toward such a position.

Therefore, today we must experience the heart of Christ that God has labored for 4,000 years to establish, and the heart of the Lord of the Second Advent that God has labored to establish for 2,000 years after Christ. And today, we must recognize that we have the responsibility to fulfill the substantial reality of hope, the substantial reality of faith, and the substantial reality of love that Jesus Christ has not yet completed.

The representative of faith, hope, and love of the Second Advent

We must establish the Lord of the Second Advent, who comes centered on the love of Jesus Christ, and we must establish a relationship that can connect with God.

So, what must we do today for this work? We must appear as the substantial embodiment of hope, the substantial embodiment of faith, and the substantial embodiment of love. If the Lord of the Second Advent comes upon such a foundation of yours, the hope that God had when He established Jesus Christ will be determined through you. Therefore, that Lord of the Second Advent will appear as the hope of my whole being, as the faith of my whole being, and as the love of my whole being.

However, when the Lord of the Second Advent appears in love, hope, and faith, you will not only rejoice in your own being. Since that joy, the joy of hope comes from Him, you must give thanks to Him. You must be grateful for the fact that you have stood as the embodiment of faith. Only then will all of heaven and earth respond to you and treat you as the embodiment of love. You must have the feeling that all of heaven and earth is moving in this way.

In that feeling, you must pioneer the path of practice that replaces the hope that God had for Jesus Christ. You must also pioneer the spiritual history that replaces faith. Furthermore, you must practice the life of love that replaces love and achieve the history of unity so that all people can be welcomed with glory.

Therefore, in order to fulfill God's love in the end, you must possess practical hope, spiritual faith, and spiritual love. Only then can we live with the Lord forever and live with God forever.

And today, my being must be filled with the joy of heaven, filled with joy before all creation on earth, and filled with joy before humanity on earth. Thus, you must build an era in which the whole world can feel that one joy and live forever.

Therefore, wherever you are, it must become a practical ground for God's hope, a practical ground for faith, and a practical ground for the embodiment of love. Thus, we must fulfill God's will on earth, and the hope that God wanted to fulfill through Jesus must be realized through us and connected to all creation on earth. Furthermore, when God's joy is connected through humanity to all creation, only then will the history of unity that God desired be established.

Therefore, today you must ask yourself whether you have rejoiced as a being of hope before God, representing all creation in heaven and earth. Also, you must reflect on whether you have become a being who can rejoice on behalf of the entire faith that countless humans on earth have believed in until now, and whether you have become a being who can feel the love that is loved and loves by God.

However, the being who comes as the conclusion of all these things is none other than the Lord of the Second Advent. That is, the Lord of the Second Advent appears to represent the whole hope, the whole faith, and the whole love. However, when that being appears, you must be prepared to receive Him, and you can possess His hope, His spiritual faith, and His love. Moreover, at that time, you will not be able to avoid fulfilling God's will, nor will you be able to avoid acting upon it. Therefore, you must appear as the embodiment of hope, the embodiment of faith, and the embodiment of love that transcends the emotions of humanity living within the realm of corruption on this earth. If such a being exists on this earth, the Lord of the Second Advent will come to find that being.

So, what is the purpose of coming to find such a being? It is to fulfill the mission left by Jesus Christ, the mission that must be completed physically. It is to fulfill the will centered on spirit and flesh that God has hoped for since 6,000 years ago.

Therefore, when a hidden being who can serve as a condition and a model for that will appears on this earth, any being must be able to serve him as a being of hope, a being of faith, and a being of love. The world of unity established centered on love has passed through hope and faith. Therefore, you now have a significant responsibility to realize the day when the entire heaven and earth can respond to your life centered on love.

The practical foundation of the Lord of the Second Advent

No matter how much the Lord of the Second Advent comes upon this earth, there must be a practical foundation for humanity. No matter how much He is a being who represents God's eternal love, there must be a foundation of humanity, that is, your foundation. This is a significant responsibility that you have. Therefore, today you must understand that your individual being represents 2.4 billion humanity and has represented countless ancestors in heaven until now. Furthermore, your individual being is a being that all creation in heaven and earth hopes for, and all of heaven and earth hopes that your individual being becomes the embodiment of faith and love.

Therefore, you must feel such a heart and be able to testify and protect the center of the whole in your daily life, whether you eat or starve, whether you live or die. Thus, you must carry out a history that can give glory to God through all creation. You bear this significant responsibility today.

So, when you reflect on your past faith life, can you say that you have become a proof entity that has fulfilled hope? Are you a proof entity that can say you have fulfilled faith, and a proof entity that can say you have fulfilled love? 

When you become such beings, the hope of Jesus Christ, the faith of Jesus Christ, and the love of Jesus Christ will be manifested in you as the hope of God, the faith of God, and the love of God. Therefore, now you must be able to feel the remaining hope of God, the remaining faith of God, and the remaining love of God through Jesus Christ.

If there is someone who feels such feelings, that person has received God's direct grace. Moreover, such a person cannot help but manifest God's hope, cannot help but manifest God's faith, and cannot help but manifest God's love. If you become such a being, you can share God's hope wherever you go, share God's faith wherever you go, and share God's love wherever you go.

Furthermore, you must keep in mind that by doing so, you can serve the Lord of the Second Advent on this earth in place of God.

<Prayer> Loving Father, I have come to understand that the reason the world of the hidden will of heaven has not been realized is not solely due to God but also because of human fall. As long as God's eternal hope remains, we also have eternal hope today, and as long as God's eternal will of faith remains, we also have the eternal will of faith, and as long as God's eternal love is not realized, we must fulfill the eternal reality of love today.
I have come to realize that we have a responsibility that remains. On this day, to inherit the history of redemption, we must inherit the 4,000-year hope as a 6,000-year hope, inherit the 4,000-year faith as a 6,000-year faith, and fulfill God's will to unify 100. We must manifest the 4,000-year love as a 6,000-year love. Standing before God, we have the responsibility to establish the 6,000-year hope as an eternal hope, the 6,000-year faith as an eternal faith, and the 6,000-year love as an eternal love. Therefore, we ask that you forgive our shortcomings and deficiencies on this day. Please forgive our unfaithfulness and disobedience on this day. Please forgive us for having elevated ourselves.

Now is the time to bear the hope of all people, to fulfill the faith of all people, and to manifest the love of all people as a single reality. Where is that single reality bearing fruit? Though we are insignificant, let us realize that we must be renewed and dressed as a bride. At such a time, the internal completion achieved through the efforts of Jesus Christ can bear fruit through our external selves, allowing us to practice the ideal of the Second Advent and unfold external history.

Today, who is to take on the central role of heaven and earth? It is the saints who stand before the history of the Second Advent. The Father wishes to entrust the eternal hope of the Father to such people, but we are concerned whether they have become those who can take on that hope, whether they have become those who can take on the eternal faith of the Father, and whether they have become those who can take on the eternal love of God.

By taking on all of this in place of the Lord and becoming people who belong to the love of the Father in an eternally unchanging form, we must now stand as a tribe of eternal hope, as a tribe of eternal faith, and as a tribe of eternal love. Please allow us to recognize that this responsibility is entrusted to us.

We must fulfill the purpose of Jesus Christ, who stands as a victorious central reality of the chosen Israel, in each of our individual lives. We must prepare the substance of hope that represents the whole, the substance of faith, and the substance of love. After the history of the Second Advent, we must stand as the substance of the hope of Jesus Christ, who came to this earth, and we must become the heirs of faith and the heirs of love. Please allow us to clearly understand this.

Now, we who are in the process of restoration must overcome the peak of the fall and take on the hope of the Father. We must take on the faith of the Father. We must take on the love of the Father, and we must be able to return that hope, faith, and love before the Father. Furthermore, we must stand as an unchanging center of love before all people. Thus, we must become victorious beings who can represent the final glory at the end of days. We know that the children gathered here today must be able to say, "You are my being of hope, you are the one I can trust, you are the one I can love."

Furthermore, we earnestly wish to be led to become victorious children who can proclaim before all creation and receive the gift of judgment, establishing the condition of harmony. Therefore, may the joy of the Father be transferred to the joy of this earth, and may the love of the Father be transferred to the love of this earth, and may the hope and faith of the Father be transferred to the hope and faith of this earth. As we welcome the ideal of the Second Advent, please allow us to transfer the flat joy before the Father, and may the glory of fulfilling the Father's will be manifested in the entire creation through us, who are central to this earth.

Through our lives, we must be able to sing of the glory of Moses, and may we all be united in the love of Moses. Thus, we know that the pride of bringing together all 2.4 billion humanity and the countless saints in the spirit world is to fulfill God's will. We earnestly request that the hope we have achieved, the faith we have achieved, and the love we have achieved be established as a condition to forever boast in the center of heaven and earth. We pray all these things in the name of the Lord. Amen.

Let us become those who repay our debts.
Matthew 18:21-35
<Prayer> Heavenly Father of creation! Your beauty has manifested in all creation, and the forms that have passed through your hands are filled with mystery and revelation.

May we be able to feel your earnest heart, which seeks the beauty of the purpose of creation for humanity, with our body and mind, and may we be able to approach your love with beauty.

Please allow our hearts to manifest as the original hearts at the time of creation. Allow our bodies to reveal that beauty as they were right after creation, untainted by sin, and may our hearts and bodies stand as perfect and flawless forms that can respond to God's love and heart, so that when God moves, we also move, and when God decides, we also decide.

We come to understand that this has been a standard that you have worked hard to establish through the providence of restoration until now.

Now, what we must seek is our heart, and what we must achieve is our body, so please allow us to find and achieve that. Thus, may we be established as a being that can worship in place of the beauty of your nature. Please allow us to offer songs of gratitude and glory before you, and may we deeply feel that this has been the purpose of our hard-working Father.

On June 10, 1956, at the former headquarters church.

We have inherited the bloodline of the fall, and without realizing it, we have left heaven and have lived centered on ourselves, becoming those who move centered on ourselves, having strayed from the heavenly principles. Please lead us to the cries of our original hearts that can face the heavenly principles, and may the movements of our true hearts stimulate our bodies to find the original selves that heaven can take.

Thus, may we be able to repent humbly before the Father, having resolved the lamentations of all humanity and the lamentations of heaven and earth, and be established as children who can receive the Father's love. Loving Father, we earnestly wish and desire this.

Please take care of each child gathered here. We know that during the week, there are scars left from fighting against the world. Their hearts and bodies wish to believe in your will entirely, but if there are those who have become offerings of Satan due to Satan's schemes, please forgive them.

Please allow them to heal the wounds they have received and embrace them with your merciful love. Pour out the oil of love upon them to make them whole, we earnestly wish and desire this.

Even if we may not have the offerings to present before you at this time, please allow us to present our humble hearts before you, and may this be a time to reveal and repent of all the sins that permeate our bodies and minds. Please allow this to be a time when we can confess before you. May this hour be one in which we can naturally absorb the power of your love and feel the history of harmony that is one with you. Father, we earnestly wish and desire this.

Father, who has labored to nurture this small group gathered here today, you have walked with us on the rough path until now, have been a friend when we were lonely, and have been a shield when we fought. It was not because we were good, but because of the great light and comfort of your hidden love that has been with us. We entrust this life to you today.

Father! Please manifest your desired will with love at this time, and grant us the gift to worship and praise in place of your will. My Father, your family is bowing down in all directions, building an altar of worship toward this one place and praying before heaven, so please manifest with the same gift and love. Thus, may we be allowed to fulfill the mission entrusted to us in the place given to us at the end of days.

Please allow us to manifest a new will before the thirty million people, and when they are led down a wicked path, may we guide them to the good path. Please manifest the touch of your loving hand, and may the power of love be manifested. My Father, we earnestly wish and desire this.

Do not abandon even one of the gathered children, but embrace them in your loving arms, and may they feel the leading of the overall providence you have granted with the same gift. Loving Father, we earnestly wish and desire this. We entrust the remaining time to you, so please take charge. We pray in the name of the Lord. Amen.

<Word> The title I wish to speak on for a brief moment today is "Let Us Become Those Who Repay Our Debts." 

Humanity carries the debts of sin and the debts of labor. Originally, when God created heaven and earth, He did not establish the principle of being in debt. The purpose of creation was to establish a relationship where we could give and take, where what is yours is mine and what is mine is yours, creating a unity of existence between humanity and God.

However, because Adam and Eve, created for this purpose, failed to fulfill God's will and fell, all of humanity has become those who owe an infinite debt before heaven. In order to establish a way for fallen humanity to repay that debt, the representative being sent was none other than Jesus Christ. Thus, we are living a life of repaying our debts through the historical process of Jesus Christ. Through this life, we are looking forward to eternal life.

Each of you should know that you have the qualification to present yourselves before the universe, but within you, there remains the debt of sin inherited through thousands of years of history, which you may not even be aware of.

In addition to the debt of sin, we also carry the debt of labor that God has had for humanity, and we must recognize that there is also the debt of labor that countless prophets and saints, or heavenly hosts, have incurred in the restoration process.

When we think of these things, we realize that today, as individuals, we cannot repay the debts we owe before the heavenly principles, nor can we establish our dignity. However, to elevate the dignity of such humanity before the heavenly principles, the one who was established as our representative was none other than Jesus Christ.

The debts of eternal life, the debts of life, the debts of love, and the debts of relationships. From the moment we were born, we were meant to have eternal life centered on God. From the moment we were born through our parents, we were to represent God's love. We were also to have love centered on our spouses, representing the love of our parents. We were to establish loving relationships with all creation.

However, because we have failed to become such beings, humanity owes a debt of eternal life to God, a debt of life to our parents, a debt of love to our spouses, and a debt of relationships to all creation.

After God created heaven and earth, the purpose of establishing Adam and Eve as the main characters of all creation was to place an eternal responsibility upon humanity. Thus, we have been given the responsibility to love eternally. Because Adam and Eve failed to follow God's will and were drawn into the embrace of Satan, the debt of life centered on God's eternal love has remained with each of us.

Furthermore, since being born centered on our parents, we owe a debt of love and concern that our parents have shown us throughout their lives. We also owe a debt of love centered on God's love that we must fulfill in our lives with our spouses. We owe a debt of love that nature has given us regarding all creation.

When we reflect on this, we must understand that we are those who owe a debt of eternal love to God, a debt of life to our parents, a debt of love centered on life to our spouses, and a debt of love established in our daily lives with all creation.

You must become those who can maintain dignity before heaven as the main characters of all creation. Humanity carries debts of eternal love to God, debts of life to parents, debts of love to spouses, and debts of life to all creation, and you must realize that all creation implicitly demands that humanity repay these debts.

However, with human ability alone, we cannot repay these debts or settle them. Therefore, in order for humanity in such a position to stand before the eternal heaven, that is, to stand before the eternal parents, to stand before the eternal spouses, and to stand before the eternal love of all creation, the central being established was none other than Jesus Christ.

Through the coming of Jesus Christ, the eternal love of God has been manifested. The reality of the love that heaven desired from humanity has been revealed. Jesus appeared as the reality of love representing the eternal parents. He also appeared as the reality of love representing the eternal spouse. He was the one who established the love and eternal relationships with all creation. Therefore, within Jesus, there was a long history of 4,000 years, extending even to the eternal future.

Though Jesus came to repay the debts incurred before the eternal God, the eternal True Parents, and the good creation that has not been invaded by evil, he could not repay them all. Therefore, we must now repay the debts left by Jesus.

We must establish relationships with all creation through Jesus, connecting the relationships with spouses, parents, and the eternal God. If we fail to do this, you must understand that the purpose of the Second Advent of Jesus Christ will remain unfulfilled once again.

When we carefully observe the historical process, we see that before Jesus came, it was the age of idol worship. People worshiped creation instead of God and were close to creation instead of God. After that, people focused all their efforts on their children more than anything else.

Having gone through the age of idol worship and the age of child worship, we have now entered the age of bride and groom worship, and the age of bride and groom worship is also passing.

So, what remains now is the age of worshiping parents. There must be a time when we can establish parents more fully. Therefore, we must now establish our bodies in relation to God. We must enter a position where our individual selves become one with Jesus, observing all the subtle natural phenomena of today and living intuitively without deviating from the connections of God's life.
The sun shining down and the blowing wind, all things and we must establish a relationship that represents God's eternal life pulse. Until now, we have not felt anything, but when we center on Jesus, we can feel something new and establish a new heart connection with all things. Additionally, we can form a connection based on God's ownership principle.

After that, I can enjoy all things while being drawn into God's love realm, and that love can be drawn into my heart, leading to a life where I become a person who repays the debt. When you enter such a deep grace and stand before heaven, you can whisper to any creation. 

The sound of the wind or any existing creation has a connection with humanity. Therefore, all things created for humanity exist to demonstrate the value of that connection and to be recognized by humanity.

To repay the debt to all things, however, we are in a position today where we cannot recognize the value of these creations because we are under the realm of fall. Thus, when you feel the new love coming from God today, you must realize that all things can also feel new life, and you should live in a way that establishes the highest standard of life with any creation you hold. You must be able to sing of heaven's infinite love even alone. If you become such a person, we will have an unredeemed heart.

When that happens, all things can resonate with us, so wherever I may be, I can be at peace. This cannot be blocked by any force. God established this one standard as the purpose of creation, set humanity as the representative to fulfill that purpose, and allowed humanity to govern all things, yet today, humans are in a position where they cannot uphold their dignity before all things. Therefore, we are in a position of unspeakable lamentation before all things today.

For this reason, as stated in Romans 8, all creation eagerly awaits the revealing of the children of God. This is because all things, which should be connected to God through humanity as a mediator representing God's original love, have lost their ideal due to humanity's corruption and fall. Therefore, even today, 2,000 years after Jesus came and went, all things are waiting for a purpose regarding them to be realized by us humans.

When we think about this, we can recognize that we are in debt to all things without even realizing it. We are in debt to the hopes that all things demand. 

Now, my being must settle this debt of hope. I must become one who can unite with all things, and at the same time, I must become a child of God who can love all things and give for all things. Furthermore, we must receive God's love as the children of God.

Qualified to repay the debt of love, Jesus and the Holy Spirit are working to give you a new birth today. Thus, humanity is moving forward through the elements of Jesus and the Holy Spirit, passing through the position of children to the position of bride and groom. Today, we are receiving grace by believing in Jesus and relying on the inspiration of the Holy Spirit.

However, what must be accomplished in my being today? Even without the grace of Jesus, even without the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, my being must be completed as a bride without fail, having received the grace of Jesus and the inspiration of the Holy Spirit.

This is not being realized in Christianity today. Even to this day, we feel the love of a bride only when the Holy Spirit works. We have now grown as children through the work of the Holy Spirit, so we should be able to long for Jesus as our bridegroom even without receiving the work of the Holy Spirit. If it must continue to be achieved with the cooperation of the Holy Spirit, then you will have no way to repay the debt of love regarding the love of a couple on earth.

Therefore, we must advance to the position of a bride who can welcome Jesus as the bridegroom without receiving the inspiration of the Holy Spirit through my own being. Only then can we become qualified to repay the debt of love of the couple that was originally established in the heavenly principle.

After fallen humanity has been restored through the providence of restoration to the position of children from all things to the position of bride and groom, what must we do next? After that, we must repay the debt of love of the True Parents, who have loved us and taken responsibility for our lives, because we have not been able to connect with the love of the True Parents established by God with the purpose of creation. You must repay the debt of love that the True Parents, established by God, have for your life, combining both spirit and flesh.

In other words, after we have been restored to the position of bride and groom through Jesus Christ from the position of children through all things, what must we seek? We must seek the True Parents. However, today, all of humanity does not know this. We must find the True Parents who are unfallen for the fallen parents, yet we do not know when this True Parents will appear. The True Parents will appear at the time of the Second Advent.

When repaying the debt to the True Parents, Christianity says that a feast of the Lamb is held through the ideal of bride and groom. So, who are the bride and groom, the central beings of this feast of the Lamb? They are those who have formed a relationship with the True Parents' love on earth.

Then, what must I know to receive the True Parents and their love? We must understand the 2,000 years of providential history of Jesus Christ.

Jesus Christ came to this earth on behalf of the universe and humanity to repay the debt that humanity has carried. Therefore, you must pass through the position of all things, through the position of children, and reach the position of bride and groom, and you must meet the time to welcome the True Parents centered on Jesus. Only by fulfilling the mission of welcoming the True Parents can the love of the True Parents, representing eternal God, appear on earth, and only then can Jesus' mission finally be completed. Jesus wished for the purpose of the providence of restoration to be realized substantially among all things on this earth. Therefore, if the saints who believe in the resurrected Jesus today cannot meet the day when they repay the debt of love of the bride and groom that Jesus must repay, while at the same time achieving the purpose of the True Parents that Jesus had to accomplish on earth, we will have no way to repay the debt of God's eternal love.

For this reason, Jesus has been in the position of a debtor for 2,000 years. Because he could not fulfill the will of the True Parents, he still has the responsibility to repay this debt on behalf of all humanity. However, that responsibility does not end in the spiritual realm. We must establish a family representing the True Parents who can sing and worship the eternal love of God among all things, restoring the position of the unfallen Adam and Eve centered on God's eternal life. Only then will the purpose of the 2,000-year history of Jesus Christ be concluded.

Jesus has earnestly wished to fulfill this one purpose and has prayed before God for 2,000 years. Thus, he sought to complete the highest standard to find the original world created by God.

If humanity had not fallen, we could have formed relationships with spouses, children, and all things centered on the love of the True Parents. However, because humanity fell, the providence of restoration is being carried out to lift them up. In doing so, all things, children, and spouses can form connections, centered on Jesus, who has appeared as the True Parents, and based on the standard of bride and groom, all creation can respond to the words of the True Parents and appear before God, which is the world that Christianity calls the eternal world.

Now, we who are in the time of the Second Advent must take on all the efforts of Jesus over the past 2,000 years. We must have the determination to replace all the work that Jesus has done for 2,000 years. Only with this determination can we stand in the position of children who have repaid the debt of true love before the True Parents. And we can become a central being who governs all things on behalf of God. When that happens, the heavenly will that blessed Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden will be fulfilled through you.

Furthermore, you will repay the debt of true love from the True Parents, repay the debt of the true couple, and repay the debt of true all things, and when you face God, your heart and body will become beings that cannot help but go before God. You must become someone who cannot help but offer gratitude and worship to God. I must become someone who can act before thinking and can manifest the purpose before asking.

To repay the debt to God, what must we do? The fortune of heaven and earth revolves from heaven to parents, from parents to spouses, and from spouses to all things. Therefore, you must become a being that can establish connections with all these stages. Only by becoming such a being can you stand before God and call out, "Oh God!" Standing in such a position is the world of direct dominion. We must advance to the position where we can face God.

To do this, we must inherit the struggles of Jesus over the past 2,000 years in the spiritual realm and the struggles of the Holy Spirit on earth, and by repaying the debts we owe until now, we can face all things from the position of the True Parents and be able to fight and win against the Satan on this earth.

When I become this way, I can also resolve the heart of eternal God, who has been concerned and lamenting over fallen humanity while carrying out the providence of restoration. At the same time, my being can finally stand in a position to be testified as one who can receive God's love. You must understand that the appearance of such a creative being signifies that eternal God's love is with us.

Thus, we have a significant mission. Through our faith life today, you must repay the debts incurred in all the surrounding environments that affect your being. You must repay them. Therefore, you should examine whether you are living a life that appropriately repays debts in your daily life.

Even today, while you are living a faith life, you are in relation to the debts of eternal God, the debts of parents, the debts of spouses, and the debts of all things. Since you are connected to the time and relationships to repay all these debts, you must think about what kind of heart you should have.

Immediately after the fall, we were humans who could neither stand before God nor face God. God could have endlessly resented humanity. If He wished to lament and hate, He could have done so infinitely. Thus, we have debts of the fall, but we also carry the debts of all grievances from the historical process.

Where is the reason we must endure today? The reason we must endure is that if we cannot endure, we cannot repay the debts we owe, and we cannot resolve the grievances that heaven has borne and endured.

The fortune of heaven and earth revolves with God's providence, so you must be able to feel God's anger when He is angry and side with God's indignation and resentment, for then the world of Satan will be judged. All the teachings that tell us to be gentle, humble, and to endure and bear with it are for this reason.

Therefore, if we cannot keep pace with this and create a gap between ourselves and God's providence, Satan will enter. For this reason, we believers today must unconditionally sacrifice and unconditionally obey, following only the inner part of love.

As humans who have broken the universal laws of God and have been debtors, we have lived shamefully before all things and have caused concern before heaven. Therefore, couples living a faith life must become couples who can replace the Lord. Furthermore, we must establish relationships that can replace God and Jesus and serve as parents in our lives.

We must establish such relationships to be able to face the True Parents, True Couples, and True All Things on behalf of heaven, both in a flat and three-dimensional manner. Having done so, I can finally say, "I have triumphed before God. Father! I have dedicated my life to overcoming all the relationships where humanity has followed Satan instead of God for the past 6,000 years and has suffered unspeakable trials from Satan." And I am a completed child who has repaid all the debts of the universe and completely subdued Satan.

You must become a being who can do this. Only then can you stand before heaven and the universe as one who has repaid the debts of the heavenly principle.

<Prayer> Father! We live in a fallen world, living as debtors to all things, and we did not realize that in our families, spouses are in the position of debtors to each other. We did not know that we are in the position of debtors to our parents, and we did not know that we are carrying an immeasurable debt before eternal God.

From the perspective of the fallen world, we were those who owed a debt that should have led to death, and we are in debt to all things and to Jesus Christ, who established the ideal of bride and groom. We are those who must repay the debt on behalf of eternal God's love, yet we do not know how to repay the debts we owe, and we have been centered on ourselves, worrying and lamenting, cursing the earth, cursing all things, and cursing heaven. We were beings that could not be tolerated in any part.

To restore such humanity, Jesus fought without regard for the path of death and died on the cross. Thus, the struggle of 2,000 years to repay the debts tied to the heavenly principle has not yet concluded, leaving the term judgment.

Father! Please allow us to overcome the peak of judgment and to settle all the debts incurred in the historical process until now. Please allow us to understand that we can only stand before eternal Father if we become those who can repay all debts.

As those who have repaid the debts of the True Parents, the debts of the True Couples, and the debts of the True All Things, please quickly lead us to a life where we can repay the debts of love for the Father and the debts of life that the Father desires, breaking free from the conditions of Satan. Father, I earnestly hope and wish for this.

Please allow us to realize that Jesus has been laboring for this one path until now. Jesus and the Holy Spirit are infinitely praying for all humanity in the spiritual realm, and this is because we have not yet repaid the debts we owe before the heavenly principle, and also because we are still too inadequate and insufficient. Please do not let us forget this.
They must take on the responsibility of Jesus, Father, for we have come to know this at this time.  
May the work of heaven be accomplished on earth, and may the battle against Satan in heaven lead us to victory through us on earth. Thus, we earnestly ask and desire that we may be your eternal children, who feel the love of the eternal Father with joy and glory.  
So that before the Father, before Jesus and the Holy Spirit, before countless prophets and sages, before humanity on earth, and before all creation, we may be your beloved children without shame, and be established as your true sons and daughters who can confidently govern all things, we earnestly ask and desire, beloved Father.  
Grant them the ability to repay their debts, Father, and we earnestly hope and desire that you will guide and lead them. We pray all these words in your name. Amen.  
8)  
Let us seek the world of God's dominion  
Matthew 22:15-22  
<Prayer (I)> Beloved Father, this pitiful multitude has come seeking your embrace. Please govern our bodies and minds solely. Govern our entirety. Allow us to know that our hearts and bodies can be pleasing to you. Let this time be filled with the grace to sing of your glory and righteousness.  
Beloved Father! Please have compassion on the children gathered here longing for you. If they are without you, they are the most pitiful among the pitiful and the loneliest among the lonely. Father! Please govern all of them. We earnestly hope and desire that you will work in this time as the protagonist who can satisfy their hopes.  
In this hour, we have gathered our scattered hearts to bow before your holy presence to offer our gifts. From the beginning to the end, please remove all elements that you do not permit, and leave only those elements that can resonate. Create an atmosphere that moves our hearts, beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire.  
On this day, Father, we know there will be many gathered to seek blessings, so may the Holy Trinity work in the same grace wherever they gather. In every place where they gather to fulfill the overall mission entrusted for the end times, may your glory be praised.  
May the time when all people can receive the same grace come swiftly before this nation, beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire.  
On this day, lonely family members are gathering everywhere, building altars unknown to others, and worshiping. Please reveal yourself as the Lord of all life and as the Spirit of resurrection. Allow their life’s work and the work of resurrection not to cease on earth, and may the joy of all the heavenly hosts and all creation be able to return that joy to heaven. We earnestly hope and desire that only the glory of this be abundantly granted in this place, beloved Father.  
From the very beginning to the end, may it not be a time when Satan can find a gap, and we earnestly ask that the glorious Father who gives victory will protect us, praying in the beloved name of the Lord. Amen.  
<Prayer (II)> Beloved Father! Brothers who possess nothing have come before your knees. Please do not let their feelings be centered on themselves.  
Do not let them possess anything precious while not seeking heaven and not seeking you, Father. Please allow our entire beings to be offered as a sacrifice for the purpose of your providence.  
We are poor beings belonging to the dark shadows of the heart and body, so, Father! Please look upon us with compassion. We stretch our powerless and weary hands toward heaven, so, Father! Please extend your hand of compassion and hold us.  
Though we live in this harsh land ruled by Satan, please establish us as children who possess the eternal heart of God, as warriors of the fight, as the pride of heaven. Beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire.  
Father, your beloved children have just gathered. Though the hearts of these gathered children may appear in various forms, they are those who have a sincere desire to resemble your heart, so please accept them as one heart. Thus, allow them to obey your commands and to testify to the heart of heaven.  
At this time, the children whom you have called have gathered, so guide us to be able to fight against the enemy Satan scattered throughout the world and to block the incoming trials with the shield of victory. Let us stand in the position of givers rather than takers, and allow our individual values to shine forth as your glory, Father. We earnestly hope and desire.  
Father, your beloved children, weary from difficulties and engulfed in tribulations, if you do not hold them, there will be none more pitiful than them in this world. In every step they take, in every environment they dwell, trials, tribulations, and sorrows are laid before them, so please protect and guard them.  
You have worked alongside them until today, worrying with them so that they could fight. They are bearing your suffering and shedding your tears, so, Father, please protect them forever. Until the day when we can return the glory of Hallelujah and Hosanna with the joy of victory on the final mountain of victory, please keep us.  
At this time, I wish to convey the words you have permitted, so please remove all erroneous consciousness and concepts, and let the overall inspiration of recreation that you command be manifested, and let the work of resonance be allowed.  
So that both body and heart may be immersed in your love, and may not be able to help but be moved, may not be able to help but worship, may not be able to help but submit, and may not be able to help but repent, let this time be granted. Let it be a time when we can accept the heart of heaven as it is. We earnestly hope for this and pray in the beloved name of the Lord. Amen.  
<Word> The title I wish to speak on based on the scripture read is "Let Us Seek the World of God's Dominion." I will speak briefly on this topic.  
The task of seeking the Lord God of dominion  
All creation made by God in six days has remained in a sad and difficult position without acknowledging God as the Lord of dominion. This remains a fate that we must inevitably resolve in the process of restoration. Therefore, if we hope to stand as offerings that can swear and win before heaven, we must complete the restoration of God's dominion that He desires. If we cannot do this, we cannot stand as offerings of victory. The reason this process exists before humanity is that a world ruled by Satan, which no one desires, emerged after the fall.  
God, who created all things to enjoy joy through Adam and Eve, lost everything He created due to their fall. He lost Adam and Eve and lost all creation. And unexpectedly, Satan has been ruling over all creation in place of the Creator God. This is God's sorrow, and it remains the sorrow of conscientious people and saints who have been praying toward heaven to resemble God's heart throughout the history of restoration until now.  
If we were to ask any created being what their wish is, what would they answer? They would respond that their wish is to seek the Lord God of dominion. Just as all creation seeks the true Lord God, God Himself knows this well, but He is in a position where He cannot directly govern these creations. You must understand that this is the sorrow of heaven.  
Now, what is the hope that we, as one of the creations who have lost the Lord God of dominion, desire with our bodies and hearts today? It is for the Creator God, who used to govern all things, to govern us directly again.  
Today, we have a mission to fulfill this hope and purpose, and we have been called to accomplish this task. Therefore, we must restore God's dominion and, along with that, restore the dominion of all things as the owners of all things. And we must give thanks and glory for the grace of God’s dominion. This responsibility does not lie with all creation, nor with the heavenly hosts, but it lies with us, who seem to be nothing today.  
For this reason, if we fail to take responsibility even once, we lose the entire dominion of heaven, and if we lose the original heaven, we lose all hope of all creation. Therefore, if we do not fulfill the historical responsibility that has replaced that destiny through our lives and our beings, we will not be able to stand before God, nor can we appear as the head of all creation.  
And now you must understand that you, as the center of the entire created world and as the center of the inner world with God's creativity, must not remain in the state of today.  
If you live your life for the sake of the heavenly principle while only thinking of yourself, the creative dominion of God will be interrupted because of you. You must understand that the hope for all creation to govern you will also be interrupted.  
Therefore, you must reveal the value of standing in the position where you, as one being, replace the entire dominion of heaven and the Lord of all things. Thus, you must be able to say, "I have fulfilled the purpose of being the original Lord that you seek, so God, command me." This is the being that God has desired for 6,000 years while working in providence. Therefore, it is our collective duty to fight against trials and adversities in God's 6,000-year providential history, to defeat the enemy Satan, and to restore humanity.  
Considering the authority of the dominion we must seek as representatives of the whole, what specifically must we seek today?  
Humanity has lost the God who governs the whole due to the fall. We have lost the God who governs all and is the source of all. Therefore, what we must seek today is the God who created heaven and earth. Thus, you must become a person who possesses God's dominion as your own.  
What is our sorrow today? What is our sadness, and what is our sigh? What has been the earnest wish hidden in the process of restoration over the past 6,000 years? It has been to find the God that I, all people, all universes, and heaven and earth have lost. God is the essence of the hope we must seek and is also the essence of glory representing the value of the whole. Therefore, in order for you to restore God's dominion, you must be able to possess God within yourself. You must become a person who can welcome God.  
Then, who is that God? He is the God who created all things and is working to restore dominion over all creation. Therefore, if you possess God, He is your God, and if He is eternal, you will also become eternal. If He has dominion over the entire created world, you too will stand in the God-like position and be able to govern all things. If you cannot establish such a self, you cannot claim to possess God.  
All the sorrows and deaths on this earth today stem from the fact that we have lost God. And because we have lost God, Satan has taken on the role of master. Originally, humanity was to acknowledge God as the sole master based on the principles of creation, but due to the fall, we have made Satan our master instead of God.  
Now, you have a fateful responsibility to reclaim the loving God, and who is it that stands in the way of that path? Who opposes the intention of acknowledging God as the main character in this created world? It is Satan, who instills sin in your hearts today.  
Therefore, you must uproot the roots of sin that are embedded in your hearts, and if you cannot defeat Satan, who has fought against heaven for 6,000 years on behalf of all people, you cannot establish God's world on this earth.  
Then, what kind of freedom are you seeking in your hearts? If you do not seek God, you become a servant of Satan. Therefore, if you do not possess God and instead possess Satan, you become a traitor against the principles of heaven. You must understand this.  
What is the reason God has taught us the principles of heaven? It is to provide a means to seek God and to know God. And the path He has taken to teach us that means is the 6,000 years of historical providence.  
Today, you know through faith that God is real, and all of our members know well that God's nature is manifested as the central character of all creation. However, it is essential that the God you know becomes yours. You must establish an unbreakable relationship with God.  
If that happens, whether you run east or west, north or south, or whatever process you are in, as long as God does not change, the ownership you have over God will not change. If you cannot stand in such a position, God's demands and hopes for you will remain unfulfilled and you will be in an incomplete position. If that happens, there will be conditions for Satan to accuse you, and God's sorrow will remain.  
What must we do as humans in this position today? First, we must escape from Satan's accusations. Thus, we must meet the day when we can testify, just like Jesus, that we are the children of God, qualified to possess God and to establish a unified relationship with Him.  
If we cannot restore such a day, you must understand that you cannot stand before the God who governs all creation as the master of all things.
As humanity fell, not only did we lose God, but we also lost our original nature. When I analyze myself, I realize that in losing God, I also lost my original heart. What you all need to rely on is your heart. If you cannot freely control your own heart, you cannot possess God, and God cannot establish a relationship with you.

When your heart creates an eternal standard of relationship with God, you can possess God, and God can freely govern your heart. Therefore, just as the hearts of God and Jesus become one, today you must enter a position where your heart is united with Jesus’ heart and establish a unified relationship with God’s heart. If you cannot stand in such a position, the conditions for Satan's accusations will remain in your heart.

Originally, humans were meant to stand in the position of the second God by living according to the desires of their hearts within the will that God requires, thereby representing God's overall ideology. However, due to the fall, humans lost the nature of their hearts that could do so, and today, humanity must walk the path of sorrow, needing to find this nature of the heart.

Therefore, we must purify our hearts through Jesus Christ. Although our hearts are captured by sorrow, when we face the heavenly principles, we must raise a new heart that can break through the darkness. In doing so, we must find a form of heart that can connect with the heart of God in heaven and relate to the hearts of humans bound by the realm of death, thereby uplifting them. If you cannot become such a person, you must realize that you do not possess the heart that God can eternally own and should repent.

In serving God with all our hearts, we should not only live with sincerity at specific times and seasons. Since God is unchanging, you must establish an unchanging heart in your life that does not change towards heaven, meaning you must establish a foundation of heart that cannot be invaded by any conditions of Satan. This must be established as an unchanging system in the future and become a fundamental principle leading towards the heavenly path.

Now, if you do not possess a heart that God can boast about, you must understand that God cannot place you in a position where He can feel pity for you.

Jesus, who possessed God
Now, when humanity finds this nature of the heart, the authority to restore the overall dominion will be established, enabling any being among all creation to command through the workings of that heart, yet no one has yet completed this subjectivity of the heart.

Moreover, humanity remains in a sorrowful position where they cannot act according to God’s will and establish a systematic authority in place of God. As long as humanity remains in such a position, it leaves a stage for Satan to rejoice. And it remains a condition where God can dwell in sorrow.

You must understand this.
The principle of heaven and earth is that without the union of two, one cannot become one or create something new.

So what was the desire that God wished to fulfill through Jesus Christ, whom He prepared and sent for 4,000 years? It was that, after going through the historical process of 4,000 years, no one had possessed the lost God, and He hoped that humanity could possess the lost God through Him.

That is why the one who was established as the one who possessed God was none other than Jesus. He was sent as the being who could represent the hearts of humanity in the human world and embody the external aspect of God’s heart, capable of governing all things in both the spiritual and physical realms.

It has been 2,000 years since Jesus came and went, and now, what should any nation, race, or individual possess as a condition of glory? It is precisely the possession of God. The appearance of such a person is the requirement that Jesus desired, and it is the demand of God who sent Jesus.

Jesus came to this earth, possessed God, and further, through His heart, established a standard of relationship with humanity, thus His body represented the body of God.

Jesus, who manifested the standard by possessing God’s heart and the ability to possess all things, appeared with the principle of ownership, which is why the day He appeared was the day of God, representing the heavenly principles.

So, if today’s saints believe in Jesus and know God, claiming to have the overall ownership of God, the unchanging ownership, what should they do? They must manifest the value of the overall ownership centered on that ownership, combining it with their hearts, and demonstrate the value of the overall ownership of the physical body that Jesus left behind to the entire universe. You must understand that this is the hope of the today’s concept of the Second Coming.

What is the mission that the Lord of the Second Coming must fulfill on this earth? What is the ultimate purpose that the end-time Christians must achieve? Even if Christians possess God in their hearts or claim to possess their own hearts, there remains one condition: they have not been able to possess their bodies as their own. Therefore, you must now conclude the ownership of your bodies and manifest as an incarnation that can demonstrate the essence of God’s love and nature.

When will such a being appear? You must understand that Jesus Christ came and went to find and establish such a being.

Restoration of the body and overall dominion
For this purpose, after Jesus went, He sent the Holy Spirit to this earth. Therefore, now you must unite with the subjectivity of the heart that Jesus possessed and the overall dominion of God, and by becoming one with your own ownership and God’s ownership, your body must manifest the value of the Holy Spirit. Although the spirit could not manifest the value of the body due to separation, you must understand that the value of the heart united with Jesus’ heart and God has appeared.

Thus, what was the 4,000 years of history? It was to transition the ownership of the heart that humans could possess from traditional authority to natural ownership. This task is not that difficult. However, you must understand that the difficulty lies in completing this recognition in the body and manifesting the value of that recognition as a relative value in the providential course.

For this task, Jesus Himself possessed God and His heart through a life of 33 years, yet even now, He has not escaped the authority of Satan’s accusations in the 2,000 years of history. He has not yet stood in a perfect position free from Satan’s trials. No matter how much Jesus is, or how much the Holy Spirit is, Jesus is receiving accusations from Satan in the spiritual realm, and the Holy Spirit is receiving accusations from Satan in the physical realm.

This is because humanity has not transcended the three-stage standard of creation in the physical realm, which is why Satan still has the conditions to fight against Jesus today, and can present conditions for battle against God and the Holy Spirit. You must also understand that because Jesus possessed God in the heart aspect through His 30 years of life, He did not possess God in the bodily aspect, which is why God has not yet governed our bodies.

Today, humans are in a position where they must strike their bodies in their faith journey. So why must we strike our bodies? Striking the body means to eliminate Satan. Furthermore, through this body, who can occupy it? The Holy Spirit can occupy it. Therefore, striking our bodies is also a condition for the Holy Spirit to occupy our bodies. Striking my body ultimately means striking Satan, so through striking my body, I strike Satan, and through striking Satan, I allow the Holy Spirit to occupy what Satan had previously occupied. Thus, we can possess God, possess our original conscience, and possess our bodies. Only then can we say that we have finally restored the eternal and unchanging ownership of God, representing all things in heaven and earth.

Therefore, if you cannot find such a state, you cannot say that you have struck your own body. You must find that in order to establish the overall subjective standard in the static aspect and receive glory before God in place of God. This is why Jesus has been working since His return, and the Holy Spirit is also working. Thus, whether any person has a spirit and body, even if they are under the authority of Satan, the providence has been to hope for the day when the Holy Spirit can occupy them, which has been God’s sorrowful 2,000-year providential history since Jesus.

Now, with this content, we must look back at ourselves. As long as you have the right to possess God, as long as you have remaining ownership, the sorrow of the Father who is the Lord of dominion remains. When you realize that the sorrow given to God and the created world is due to you, you must repent of your sins today.

Repenting of your sins is to find the value of your heart. You must make a value-based repentance that can claim to possess God, who is the Lord of all.

Reasons for repenting of your sins
And until now, believing saints have lived lives of striking their bodies, but you must understand that this should not be eternal. The purpose of striking the body is to allow the Holy Spirit to occupy that body so that it can receive God’s love. Today, Christians have forgotten this responsibility. For 2,000 years, they have forgotten this. Without addressing the love of the flesh, the love of the spirit cannot be complete.

Because when the heart becomes one with God and the heart and body become one, the body naturally moves, and the development occurs through the complete exchange centered on God. The creation of a practical entity occurs where relative standards are established, and it is complete.

The reason God created all things was for His own joy. When humans strive to achieve the relational work that can unite the hearts of humanity and God, they can become one with God and gain a standard to unite with humans on earth, thereby allowing the heavenly providence to unfold anew on earth. Therefore, you must understand that when your heart and body become one and establish a connection with the Holy Spirit, you can restore the victorious overall dominion of God.

Now, it has become clear that there is not just one direction towards God’s will. It encompasses all directions—front, back, left, right, and all around. However, today, humanity is left with only the direction towards Satan. Therefore, even if you try to find your heart and body, or even if you try to establish both vertical and horizontal aspects, Satan is everywhere, and furthermore, in all six directions—front, back, left, right, up, and down—Satan has set up a curtain of darkness. Thus, now you must break through Satan’s curtain, establish your own self, and declare that God is my eternal possession, my heart is God’s possession, my body is God’s possession, and I am that person, and that person is me. You must be able to reveal this value before all creation. The one substantial being that the Trinity in heaven and earth is jointly seeking must come forth.

Where can such a valuable being, one that the Holy Spirit can come to, that Jesus can come to, and that God can come to, be found in this created world? This one being is the substantial entity that God has longed for over 6,000 years, the substantial ideal of restoration that He has sought.

The substantial being that God has sought for 6,000 years
Therefore, if such a valuable being appears on this earth, God will not allow any inadequate conditions concerning him. Even Satan and God will hold him and shed tears of comfort. Thus, today, we must understand our own individual circumstances. You must not disregard your own self standing within this overall responsibility, and you must feel the weight of such a great responsibility.

Now, if you claim to possess God in your heart, you can say that you possess your own heart, which can be established as an eternal center. Furthermore, if you can conclude your body as a substantial entity that can create eternal life, then it does not matter whether you go east, west, south, or north. Wherever you are, the victory of Hosanna will resonate. All creation will naturally submit, declaring that you are indeed the son of God who dwells in glory. You must understand that this position will be established.

And today, such a thing should not appear in parts but must appear in the whole. However, since there has not yet been a being who has concluded the issue of principled ownership as a human representing the overall dominion, and who has manifested the glory of that value before all things, becoming such a being remains your hope.

In the face of such a human condition, I mourn, you mourn, and God mourns.

Today, we must return the glory of heaven to God by representing all things, and in doing so, we will finally welcome a day of joy and delight with the heavenly hosts and countless saints, and we will give glory to God. If this work is not completed, humanity will have to walk the path for eons.

We have not yet completed this. So, who is responsible for this? Of course, it is because I am imperfect and flawed, but you must understand that it is also because of the Satans who accuse heaven.

If there had been one who is the Lord of all, the One who could govern all creation, even if He had not completed the overall restoration, it would have been alright. He could have used the overall power to concentrate on a new task. In this way, God intended to lead the overall history in one direction, but because of Satan, He could not complete that work.

Thus, God promised to send one to unconditionally subdue Satan and to give the grace for all the spirits of heaven who could not complete their tasks to advance to the position of completion, and that person is none other than Jesus.
When you think about the position you are in to pursue God's glory, what should I have? Originally, the heavenly ideal regarding humanity was to possess the ownership of heaven, the ownership of the heart, and the ownership of the body. Therefore, if you have not been able to advance toward such an ideal realm, you must have the eyes to discern the ownership of evil and the ownership of good. Furthermore, if you have such eyes, then next, you must have ears that can discern between the ownership of good and the ownership of evil. Moreover, you must possess all five senses in that manner.

However, if you cannot become someone who can cut off and block Satan's accusations in your daily life, you will not be able to recognize the returning Lord when He comes. 

Discerning Faith
When you think of the returning Lord, you get excited and joyful. But what is there to be joyful about? The Israelites, including the Pharisees and priests, could not see Jesus properly. The Roman soldiers could not see Him, and those who opposed Him could not see Him at all. Only those who had established a standard of value that represented a whole through their hearts and bodies could see Jesus. What you see and hear is influenced by your own heart.

For this reason, you must have the righteous value of good before all humanity. However, the body opposes that. This is the essence of Satan. So, among those who have God in secret, who possess their original hearts without others knowing, where can such people be found? Those who seek such people will have the eternal God with them.

Therefore, if we cannot reach such a position today, we must at least be able to discern the dominion of evil and the dominion of good. Not only must we be able to discern them with our hearts and bodies, but we must also be able to discern them without deep thought. Thus, if you do not realize the value of heaven, you will have no relationship with Jesus. Therefore, you must be able to discern all of Satan's works. Unless you can discern all subjective elements of evil left in heaven and earth, you cannot establish victorious conditions before God.

If you can establish such conditions, you will live on this earth without suffering. This is because, as someone who possesses God, your heart will be bound to Christ, and your body will be bound to the Holy Spirit. 

Until now, the providential process has been about the world of the heart, which is why there has been suffering in the body. The body has suffered. The heart and body have been divided. But now, they are united, and the spiritual world is coming to the physical world, and the physical world is seeking the spiritual world, working together. Furthermore, the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit are working together. Therefore, now you must be able to worship before Jesus, worship before the Holy Spirit, and worship before God.

Moreover, as you experience faith throughout your life, you must establish a standard that allows you to boast as an unchanging victor representing eternity before all things. If you do not establish such a standard, conditions of sorrow will remain on this earth. And as long as conditions of sorrow remain, it will be difficult to seek God's inner heart even in heaven. Therefore, you must manifest as the substance of God's glory through the life of Jesus in the heart and the Holy Spirit in the body. Only then will you truly become the substance of faith.

Thus, if you say you have restored the glorious self that can replace that work without the cooperation of the Trinity, then just as the laws of the universe operate, your joyful heart will govern all of you. Such a life should not be just for a moment but should be eternal. Thus, you should be able to confidently stand before all things saying, "The Father is mine, the Lord is mine, the Holy Spirit is mine, and I am mine." Moreover, you should be able to say to heaven, "O Father! Thank you."

In the laws of the universe, there are no conflicting existences. Humans were created to represent the entire ideal of the Creator and to be beings who can replace the Creator's subjectivity. Therefore, as long as there are hearts and bodies, they cannot exist outside of the relationship between the two. For this reason, you must remember that you can only manifest the glory of the Lord when you establish a world of subjectivity that can relate to all things in heaven and earth.

<Prayer> Beloved Father, when we realize that the remaining path of destiny is like a mountain range, we confess before you that the scope of our faith has been too narrow. We have been too limited, too passive, and too inadequate in following your will.

Father, from this day and this hour, please allow us to be able to be guided before you, who leads the entire providence of heaven. Please grant us mercy so that we can see your form, and Jesus, please hold us. Holy Spirit, please establish us. As beings who are not lacking to replace all things on earth, please equip us with the original substance that can naturally discern good and evil, I earnestly wish and desire, my Father.

For your children gathered here this evening, Father, please allow them to forget the concept of self and remove the ownership of Satan from our bodies. So that we can possess only God in our hearts, call only God, and be restored as unchanging individualities before all things.

So that when we give glory to the Father, all things will rejoice, and the countless saints in heaven will also rejoice, producing one voice, one cry of thanks, Hallelujah, uniformly occurring in heaven and earth, knowing that Satan will naturally be subdued, please lead us to that end, Father.

Please allow us to conclude the subjectivity of your whole in our bodies, and as those who have been established to replace the whole, allow us to call forth the victory of Hosanna before you. In the midst of all things rejoicing, please allow us to be the victorious children representing heaven, the protagonists of testimony, I earnestly wish and desire, and I pray all these things in your name. Amen. 

9) The Responsibility of the Rooted Ones
Genesis 18:22-19:12, Isaiah 6:11-13
<Prayer (I)> Beloved Father! You know the hearts of the children gathered here, so please allow each cell of their bodies to move toward the merciful Father.

Let their whole body and heart be captured by the loving hand you are operating. Please manifest them as elements of the whole's harmony, and separate them as heavenly warriors who can sacrifice their lives to testify your word.

Father, have mercy on the gathered children. We know that there is a path of destiny that must rise to the next level relying on the words of life you allow, so beloved Father, please extend your loving hand and hold our insufficient hands, and lead us. We have bowed our bodies and hearts, so Father, please hold and lead us, and allow our hearts to be changed to the heart of heaven.

Please bless the multitude present here today, Father, and allow the works of God's life, the works of inspiration, and the works of resurrection to manifest. Today, we have laid all our current concepts before you, and with the heart of a humble and gentle child, we have come before your presence, so Father, please raise the history of recreation with your gracious hand. Please show the flames of the Holy Spirit. Please reveal the hidden love, allowing them to open the door of death that was blocked at the end and to manifest the glory of your victory, beloved Father, I earnestly wish and desire.

Now, we know that many words are not necessary. Even if the gathered children have not received many words, please allow them to receive and bear the gifts granted to them appropriately. Heavenly Father, we have promised and resolved to fulfill the purpose of the promised will toward heaven at this time, so if there are empty vessels, please fill them. Please establish us as living children who can thank you for your satisfactory gifts and give glory to you, and grant us the gifts that can be found as children whom you can love, beloved Father, I earnestly wish and desire.

Please bind the heart of the one who delivers and the heart of the one who receives into one, and let our hearts move with the movement of heaven, and let our bodies move with the movement of heaven so that we can resemble and imitate your form with our hearts and bodies. I earnestly wish and desire.

I hope that the remaining time will also work with the words of your merciful command, and I pray in the name of the loving Lord. Amen.

<Prayer (II)> On this day you have allowed, we have bowed down to worship before you, so please discern the hearts of each individual gathered here and raise up a heart without blemish. May the worship we offer at this time be able to comfort your sorrowful heart, and may this time be one where we can entrust the purpose of your providence to us, beloved Father, I earnestly wish and desire.

Father! It was you who called the children together, and it was your work that moved them to act within the realm of life, so please grant the promised flames of the Holy Spirit so that each body and heart may harmonize and manifest as the joy of the whole, and allow the entirety of your divinity to be revealed at this time, beloved Father, I earnestly wish and desire.

Father, pour out your merciful love upon the children gathered here, and move them by the work of the Holy Spirit so that the whole heart may lean toward the glory of heaven. Thus, may we all open the door of the Holy of Holies on behalf of the nation, on behalf of humanity, and on behalf of all creation in heaven and earth, and may we receive this time as a time of worship where we can offer the mountain of victory. I earnestly wish and desire.

So that through our worship, this nation may be able to draw closer to you, and furthermore, that all humanity may have the opportunity to escape from the realm of sin and enter into the world of your dominion of goodness, I earnestly wish and desire.

I know that there are altars everywhere that are piling up sincerity before heaven on behalf of the nation at this time. Wherever they may be worshiping toward heaven, please bless them with the same gifts, and announce the entire history that you will proclaim at the end, and establish the entire purpose that you must fulfill through this nation, and may this nation be established as a stepping stone that can bring joy to heaven through the mission of testimony, I earnestly wish and desire.

Now, at this time, we have laid before you our hearts and our obedient hearts that can worship toward you, so I earnestly wish and desire that you may fully entrust to them all the purposes that you have promised and will fulfill.

I hope that the work of the Trinity may be abundantly upon the heads of the whole, and I pray in the name of the Lord. Amen.

<Word> The title of the message I want to share with you at this time is "The Responsibility of the Rooted Ones." When we look at the biblical passage in Isaiah 6:11 and following, it is written that even if a tenth remains, it will be consumed, but just as the stump of the night tree and the oak tree remains after being cut down, the holy seed is the stump of the earth. Here, God repeatedly mentions that if there is a remaining root, He will cause new shoots to sprout from that root and start a new work.

Adam and Eve, the ancestors of humanity, were to be an eternal, unchanging root of heaven and earth, fulfilling the hopes and ideals of all humanity, but due to their fall, that fundamental root was cut off and uprooted, and moved to the world of Satan, as you well know.

The Center of God's Providence
Therefore, the central point of God's providence that has been unfolding until today was to re-establish that fundamental root, which could be the root of human happiness, the root of ideals, the root of life, and the root of love, through Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden.

Thus, although many prophets and sages who have upheld the purpose of providence did not fully understand the circumstances of heaven's providence, their efforts were to lay the foundation to meet that lost root as an unchanging reality.

So, after 4,000 years since the beginning of the providential history, the one who was to re-establish the root that was lost in the Garden of Eden was none other than Jesus Christ, whom you believe in.

In other words, the mission of Jesus Christ, who came to this earth, was to establish a form of God's vineyard on the fallen earth, which God could freely manage based on this root that would remain forever. This was God's purpose in sending Jesus Christ to this earth.

You must understand that before Jesus appeared, there was a long history of countless prophets and sages who shed tears of blood, centered on the will of heaven, for 4,000 years since the providence of heaven began.

There was the providential will representing tribes, nations, and the world, and there was the providential will representing history. You must not forget that there was a foundation of the efforts of many prophets and sages who could become the root elements as they passed through each region and environment representing that providential will.

And the one who was sent to complete the root that could be established as an individual, to complete the root that could be established as a nation, and to complete the root that could be established as a world was none other than Jesus.

What we who believe in Jesus today must understand is that all the efforts of Jesus' 30 years of life and all the efforts of the 2,000 years of history since His death represent the world. And until the root He completed is established before God, you must not forget the efforts of the prophets and sages who fought against enemies and represented the hidden root behind the scenes of history.

The Hidden Life of Abraham
The historical figure who enabled Jesus to be established as a completed being was Abraham. 

Abraham was a possessor of a hidden personality who did not betray heaven even in an environment where others did not recognize him, that is, in a nation captured by the realm of Satan, where he could betray the will of heaven. Just like Abraham, who was a hidden root, overcame all circumstances even when the times were evil, history was chaotic, and the environment was turbulent, he appealed with a sorrowful heart toward the collapsing Sodom and Gomorrah.
Even if they are bad and evil, it is human nature to boast about whatever they possess. Abraham, while holding the great providence promised in his heart to uphold God's will over a long time, lived a life of hidden effort, overcoming all kinds of persecution and humiliation to establish an unwavering standard as a root that was firmly planted, without revealing this fact and only hoping as a single root that, no matter who touched it or tried to uproot it, would remain steadfast.

In this way, Abraham not only established his unchanging hope before heaven but also became a seed sown for the sake of all mankind on earth, including even wicked nations, with a heartfelt desire to hold onto this standard and not change when the day came to establish an unchanging hope that could turn them back to heaven.

The cities of Sodom and Gomorrah were places deserving of God's judgment and punishment, completely unrelated to where Abraham was. However, Abraham, regardless of whether the people of Sodom and Gomorrah knew the will of heaven or not, felt a responsibility that he could not bear and thus lamented and worried about Sodom and Gomorrah day and night. This inner sentiment of Abraham is reflected in the words written here.

In today's time, at the end of 6,000 years of history, if you are sleeping comfortably, wearing nice clothes, and eating delicious food, it is not because you are so great. If you think that way, it will be a big problem.

The reason the world can sustain itself even now is because there are people behind the scenes who are hidden roots, building altars of tearful appeals. You have a mission to inform everyone of this fact.

If there had been a group of people in Sodom and Gomorrah who knew that Abraham's earnest prayer was reaching heaven and having a dialogue with God, and if there had been even a few righteous people among them who recognized Abraham, he would have earnestly appealed to God, presenting conditions to avert the judgment that was to fall upon Sodom and Gomorrah. If there had been even a few righteous people, Abraham could have appealed to God, saying, "Father, is it not your will to judge the righteous and the wicked together in fire?" 

However, when Abraham felt that he alone was praying on behalf of Sodom and Gomorrah, his sorrow was indescribably great. You must understand the responsibility of those who are rooted.

So, do you know where the reason lies for Abram becoming Abraham? 

You must not forget that Abraham had a hidden standard where he risked his life for his people rather than caring for his own happiness and safety.

The reason Abraham could become the ancestor of faith was that he played the role of a hidden root that had not appeared on earth, established before heaven's providence, just like Abraham. In other words, even if everything else in the providential history was bent, there was someone like Abraham who could demonstrate an unchanging faith toward heaven, allowing Jesus Christ to be born on that foundation.

You should reflect on yourself while comparing yourself to Abraham, who was chosen to be the ancestor of faith from Abram (meaning "great father") to Abraham (meaning "father of many nations"), and recognize that he went through a path of great effort that others do not know. 

Just as Abraham built an altar of hidden roots for Sodom and Gomorrah, you too should have the burning heart of Abraham, who earnestly appealed and prayed for the people of his land and its inhabitants. You must never forget that you should inherit the faith's expectations, the hidden roots that were established through Abraham's efforts.

The family of Abraham, the ancestor of faith, received the promise of being a channel of blessing, which took shape through Isaac and Jacob and expanded to a global scale through Moses and Jesus. If Abraham had not had that fervent loyalty and faith before heaven, there would have been no connection on this earth that could link heaven and humanity.

Today, everyone wants to show off what is good for them. They want to reveal and boast about it. However, those who try to reveal and inform others may fulfill the responsibility of a branch, but they cannot fulfill the responsibility of a root.

Do you know what the hidden secret was that allowed Abraham to become the ancestor of faith? It was because he had an intense longing for heaven and a heart for the earth, which enabled him to have a broad and deep connection with the heavenly Father, allowing him to become the ancestor of faith.

Moses was also like this. Before Moses was established before the nation, there was a period of 40 years of hidden effort in the palace as a hidden root. During his time in the luxurious palace, Moses did not live a life of splendor, eating and drinking joyfully. Throughout his time in the palace, he never once failed to worry about the Israelite people.

Among the Israelites in Egypt, only Moses maintained an unchanging loyalty toward heaven, regardless of whether his people knew it or not. Even while in the enemy's embrace, Moses resolved that he would not change, no matter what circumstances oppressed him or obstructed his heart toward heaven's will. Because Moses had this unchanging heart and sincerity toward heaven for 40 years, he was able to later unleash the power of love for his people.

You may see Moses as a hot-blooded person, but that is not the case. When he saw an Egyptian beating a Hebrew, his righteous anger did not arise from a moment of shock. Instead, when he witnessed that scene, the internal sorrow he had felt for 40 years, appealing to heaven with a heart full of anguish for his people, erupted. In other words, seeing the Israelites suffer injustice ignited an uncontrollable righteous anger within him, leading him to kill the Egyptian. Thus, love for the Israelite people and indignation toward Egypt were the internal causes of Moses' actions, and there was a providential meaning behind those actions.

Moses' act of killing the Egyptian out of indignation was done from the standpoint of worrying about and taking responsibility for the fate of the Israelite people, and compared to the sin of the Egyptian oppressing the Israelites, it was a minor offense. Therefore, God appointed Moses, who cared for the nation more than anyone else, as the leader of the nation. However, the Israelites misunderstood Moses and exposed his act of killing the Egyptian, forcing him to flee to the wilderness of Midian.

Living in the wilderness of Midian, Moses felt ashamed of the luxurious life he had led in the palace and forgot all the wealth and glory he had enjoyed in the free environment where the daughter of Pharaoh could grant him any request. Dressed as a shepherd, he became an anonymous shepherd, but while looking after his flock, he longed for the land of Canaan that had been promised to his ancestor Abraham.

Though he was now leading a flock, he had a heartfelt desire to one day lead his people into the land of Canaan, appealing to heaven with that longing. Whether he ate or fasted, slept or stayed awake, he devoted all his efforts to worry and pray for his people, just as Abraham prayed for the people of Sodom and Gomorrah without their knowledge.

When Moses looked upon the Israelites suffering under the oppression and misery of Egypt, he felt a sorrow that seemed to melt his bones and cried out to heaven, "O Lord! Look upon me and have mercy on this nation." Therefore, God appointed Moses, whose heart was filled with such earnest appeals, as the leader to lead 600,000 people out of Egypt, and even though he was living as an ordinary shepherd in the wilderness of Midian, he was made to inherit the integrity of the hidden roots passed down from his ancestors and was appointed as the representative of the nation. Thus, the Israelites were able to enter the land of Canaan, united with such a Moses.

When Moses received the promise granted from heaven and entered Egypt, he was filled with joy. However, Moses was not satisfied with just that joy. He had made a heartfelt appeal before heaven to dedicate his life to guiding his people into the land of Canaan, and while he was able to pave the way for the survival of the nation, he was not content with that joy alone; he felt a sense of mission and responsibility to faithfully fulfill a second responsibility.

From that point on, Moses did not act centered on himself, and he did not perform any task, whether small or great, without establishing a connection with God. 

Thus, Moses entered the oppressive palace of Pharaoh and performed more than ten signs and wonders before their gods, leading the Israelite people out into the perilous wilderness. Here, the Israelites had to become one with Moses. In other words, although they had escaped from the oppressive palace into a perilous wilderness, their hearts had to align with Moses' heart as they headed toward the blessings of Canaan. They could not have hearts that were different from Moses, who had rescued them from Pharaoh's palace. However, because they could not unite with Moses, they walked a path that contradicted heaven's principles and ultimately faced destruction. So, what was the reason for their destruction?

They did not understand the hidden sincerity that Moses had appealed with before heaven during the process of becoming the leader of the nation. Moreover, they did not recognize the hardships and efforts Moses had endured for them since the day he led them out of Egypt. As a result, they separated from Moses in the wilderness, and ultimately, they fell down in the wilderness.

This historical fact of the Israelites' disbelief in Moses is now reappearing among the saints of the end times.

Saints of the end times must act
Jesus Christ came to this earth and labored for humanity for over 30 years. After His death, for 2,000 years, He has sought humanity and worked through love and grace, yet people do not truly welcome such Jesus into their lives.

Just as the Israelites did not fully embrace God's will to lead them into the land of Canaan by disbelieving Moses, a fearful situation may also arise for the saints of the end times. When faced with the fact that they cannot unite with Moses, before rebuking the disbelieving nation, Moses appealed to heaven about his own shortcomings. He went up to Mount Sinai and fasted for 40 days, saying, "Father, why is it that this nation cannot enter the land that has been promised before their eyes? Whose responsibility is it? It is my responsibility. I have failed to take responsibility. Therefore, please use me as a sacrifice to prevent the destruction of this nation."

You must recognize that there was a period of hidden sincerity in Moses' life. If the Israelites had understood that Moses was fasting with a heart of anguish not for himself but for them, they would not have engaged in the foolishness of making a golden calf and worshiping it during Moses' 40-day fast. Furthermore, if they had sympathized with Moses, who was offered as a hidden sacrifice for the blessing of the nation, and had wept and appealed to heaven like Moses on Mount Sinai, they would not have strayed from God's embrace.

Just as Moses walked a lonely path representing the nation, Jesus also walked such a path. In other words, through the historical sacrifices of Abraham and the sacrificial path of Moses representing the nation, Jesus Christ was established at the center of the world. Just as Abraham represented his family to block Satan's accusations and Moses represented the nation to block Satan's accusations, Jesus had to stand alone to block all of Satan's accusations on behalf of all humanity and lay the groundwork for victorious redemption.

You must recognize that Jesus had this responsibility. Therefore, until He achieves victory globally and establishes an unchanging foundation, Jesus' mission must not end with just His own self. Thus, Jesus was more faithful than any central figure of faith who had been loyal before heaven throughout the 4,000 years of history, sacrificing His own self for the whole.

In this way, through over 30 years of His life, Jesus formed a central figure that represented the whole, something that no one in history had achieved. If He had not become such a central figure, you must understand that Jesus could not have become the vanguard bearing the responsibility of global providence.

Today, believing saints see Jesus as the one who bore the cross of one generation, but you must not believe in Jesus only as such. Before Jesus' death on the cross, there was the altar of effort built by Abraham and the sacrificial path that Moses had taken. Moreover, Jesus not only appealed to heaven, saying, "Please take upon Me the burdens of those suffering in pain and grant them the eternal ideals they seek," but He also did not live a single day comfortably to take responsibility for their suffering.

In this way, Jesus cared even for those in the enemy's embrace and lived from the standpoint of taking responsibility for the will of the whole rather than His own joy. Therefore, He was established as the victorious central being who triumphed over the world of Satan and became the Savior of all humanity.

So, what should we, the believing saints facing the end times, realize? We must reflect on the fact that we have not lived a life of shedding tears and worrying for the wicked. The more people there are who must face judgment at the end, the more we must pray for them. And we must not forget that there is Jesus, who worries for us and prays for us. If we forget and disbelieve such Jesus, we will not escape the judgment of the end times.

Saints of the end times must fulfill the mission of the root
If the people of Sodom and Gomorrah had accepted the warning of God's judgment given through Abraham and Lot, reflecting on their evil deeds and repenting, they could have avoided judgment. Historical facts teach us about future events, so today, at the end times...
must reflect on and repent for his past life. Therefore, we must be certain that just as Moses prayed for the unbelieving Jewish people when he ascended Mount Sinai, Jesus is also praying for us at this very moment on the spiritual Mount Sinai.

The heart of Jesus, who has been seated on the heavenly throne for two thousand years praying for humanity, surpasses the deep yearning of Moses, who prayed for the unbelieving Jewish people. Thus, you on the ground must recognize this and live according to Jesus' will. In the past, Abraham prayed to God to spare Sodom and Gomorrah if there were ten righteous people, but there were not even ten righteous people in Sodom and Gomorrah, and they faced God's judgment.

Therefore, just as Jesus has been praying for humanity from heaven since His crucifixion, and just as Moses prayed on Mount Sinai, we must empathize with that deep yearning and hold onto this era, worrying and praying in place of Jesus. Furthermore, you must not forget to be awake and seek where the one established by heaven, who can represent Jesus' global will and the prophetic figures of history, is located. If there is not even one person remaining as a root on this earth at the end of days, just as the Israelite people fell in the wilderness, we too will not be able to escape the fearful judgment when this world faces its global end.

So what should we do today? Because you are like hidden sparks, you must emerge through the spirit of Christ and become a being that responds to the hopes of your ancestors who have long awaited a central root. You must also be able to deeply feel the heart of Jesus Christ, who has labored for two thousand years, longing for the day of His return as if it were a single day. This is the issue. Therefore, you must now position yourselves in the relative position of historical central figures and examine and analyze yourselves. In other words, you must analyze whether you have placed yourselves in the position of Abraham, Moses, and Jesus, and whether you have become the embodiment of their hearts, your hearts, their wishes, your wishes, and their grievances, your grievances.

Now we must know how to stand before heaven with earnestness and build an altar of appeal. We must understand the heart of Abraham as he appealed to heaven for Sodom and Gomorrah. Abraham did not pray for Sodom and Gomorrah for his own children or for his nephew Lot. However, because Abraham forgot everything and built an altar of hidden sincerity, Lot, who was related to Abraham, was able to escape judgment.

Today, those who claim to believe pray, "Please fulfill my will." We should not pray such prayers. Rather, we should pray, "May Your will be done rather than my own." When heaven's will is fulfilled, my longed-for will will also be realized. Therefore, we should not pray, "Please fulfill my will." We must now, with all our sincerity, pray, "Abba Father, You have established me; You have called me; please fulfill Your will through me, Your humble servant."

Then what must you understand? The inheritance you have received is not just for your own generation but is the inheritance passed down from Abraham through Moses and Jesus.

You who live in this era must represent all the tribes since Moses and fulfill the will that heaven requires on behalf of the tribes that Jesus needed. Thus, even if this land is evil, even if this land is dark, even if this land is doomed, you must understand that you cannot help but become the hidden root established by heaven.

What heaven requires of us in this era
Heaven is asking us to fulfill the mission of religion based on personal faith at this time. What is that demand? It is whether we have fulfilled the responsibility that Abraham had. Next, it is whether you have labored with the same heartfelt concern that Moses had for the Israelite people when they were in distress, and whether you have poured out your heart and efforts for the thirty million Korean people who are in suffering, just like Moses did. And just as Jesus has labored to save all humanity from the beginning of creation until now, you will be asked whether you have worked for all humanity with the same heart and intention in place of Jesus.

Then, when asked if you have lived a life like that of Abraham, Moses, and Jesus, you should be able to respond, "Yes, do You not know us? The hidden root is not only within us but also within God." 

When you become such people, the purpose of establishing the faith through Abraham will bear fruit through you, the heartfelt pleas of Moses for his people will be resolved through you, and all the elements of sorrow that Jesus held for the world will be resolved through you.

If such a person exists on this earth, the heart that Abraham had for his generation, the heart that Moses had for his generation, and the heart that Jesus has had until now will be released. Therefore, if such a person exists, you must cherish them with all your sincerity. If there is no such person, you must understand that you should become that person, and if such a person exists, you should honor and serve them in place of Abraham, Moses, and Jesus. Thus, you should pray even more for your nation and act even more. Furthermore, you should become someone who builds an altar, even if you cannot be a sacrifice that can be offered to heaven.

For this reason, today you must call God "Father!" If you cannot truly feel the Father who has not been able to act as the Master throughout the historical process since the creation of heaven and earth, you will not be able to receive salvation in this generation. Therefore, you must, on behalf of all that, build an altar of prayer, just as Abraham prayed, just as Moses prayed, and just as Jesus prayed.

A new covenant to be fulfilled
Luke 22:14-34
<Prayer (I)> Loving Father! Please bestow Your compassionate love. Those who did not know where to rely have come out to rely solely on You, forgetting everything. Please allow our hearts to draw Your image, and let our bodies admire Your form. Thus, may we harmonize with the love of the Father that has been immersed in heaven and reveal the glory of heaven that You seek. We earnestly desire and wish for this, beloved Father.

Father, please look upon this gathered multitude. Hold their bodies and hearts, and change their concepts into those that can be moved by You and can face Your will. Thus, allow the overall concept that You will require of all humanity at the end to take root deeply in their hearts. And please establish this concept as the new ideology of the end times, my Father, we earnestly desire and wish for this.

Father, please take full charge of all the gathered children at this time, and if there are any shortcomings after this, Father! Please remove them by the power of the Holy Spirit and the power of the Trinity, and allow this time to be one where we can present everything before the dignified Father with fiery eyes. May we become those who have received the liberation of sin before the Father and those who have received the blessing of freedom, so that we can stand before all humanity and boast of the solitary Father.

July 8, 1956 (Sunday), at the Headquarters Church.

Thus, please allow us to serve the True Father, and let us be children who can give glory before that Father, beloved Father, we earnestly desire and wish for this.

Please preside over the entire gathering at this time, and on the many altars representing the nation, and on the altar representing all humanity, Father! Please manifest the same history so that those altars can express the central will of providence at the end. Beloved Father, we earnestly desire and wish for this.

We have placed our bodies and hearts before Your altar, so please discern between Cain and Abel. Thus, do not let us become Cain-like offerings but allow us to become Abel-like separated offerings. Just as You appeal to all humanity until the end of Your providence, may this altar that we build at this time be established as a representative altar that can appeal to heaven until Your overall will for the entire world is fulfilled, beloved Father, we earnestly desire and wish for this.

Father, who presides over all the grace of this day, please manifest according to Your will. Please grant us the grace that You will allow, and let us escape from the places we should avoid. Thus, may we become children who are not lacking to entrust Your eternal will, Father! We earnestly desire this. We pray all these things in the name of the Lord. Amen.

<Prayer (II)> Father! Please manifest the will that You will grant to those who wish to uphold Your commanding words, and may You work so that we can fulfill Your desire to find the will of providence that You have determined.

The words You will give today are not words that have appeared today, but words that have come through a long history. We also know that there was a sorrowful fact that cannot be forgotten between Jesus and His beloved disciples, and that our historical ancestors thought of this and went forth without caring about the path of death.

We know well that the apostles of Jesus and the saints who have believed in Jesus for the past two thousand years have fought without caring about the path of tears to fulfill the meaning of the promise left behind, the earnest desire.

Father, please have compassion on them. Now open our hearts to allow us to replace the hearts of the apostles who faced Jesus Christ two thousand years ago. Please establish our footsteps to go through the circumstances of difficulty that the apostles faced in the past, so that we may fulfill the overall purpose of the remaining providence at the end.

Please preside over all that follows, and may You fulfill the overall will, so that You may enjoy the glory of a day of joy, Father, we earnestly desire and wish for this. We pray all these things in the name of the Lord. Amen.

<Word> The title I wish to speak about today is "A New Covenant to Be Fulfilled." I will speak briefly with this title.

The meaning of the bread and wine that Jesus broke
For four thousand years, God has been carrying out the history of salvation through the providence of resurrection. Since the providence of resurrecting Jesus alone cannot complete the heavenly and earthly will, He established a new covenant and has been working to find the original garden promised by combining the heavenly and earthly wills.

Here, it is said that the cup that Jesus gave and the bread that Jesus broke are the new covenant. Since we have received the body and blood of Jesus after He came and went, we must understand that this represents the life of the whole to be fulfilled and simultaneously represents the truth of the whole.

What does receiving the blood and body of Jesus symbolize? It does not refer to the body and blood of Jesus as an individual. Broadly speaking, it signifies heaven and earth, and narrowly speaking, it signifies the center and the individual. Furthermore, the body symbolizes truth, and the blood symbolizes spirit.

All of this was unconditionally given to us by Jesus. You must understand that the body of Jesus that was given to us is not only a matter limited to itself but also encompasses the issues of all beings connected to it in heaven and earth.

What is the barrier between God and humanity? The heavenly will must be manifested on earth, and the overall situation on earth must be directed toward the heavenly will to move toward one purpose, but this has been blocked. Thus, Jesus, who was the protagonist of love, has been laboring until now to represent that one purpose that will appear in the victorious glory of heaven.

God labored for four thousand years to establish Jesus, symbolizing the ability to possess the entirety of heaven and the entirety of earth. Therefore, those who believe in Jesus can possess all of heaven and all of earth. However, what has been possessed must not be concluded as solely one's own but must be returned to heaven, as we have been entrusted with the overall will of providence.

Because Jesus established a new covenant, after His departure, there remained a condition for the spiritual world and the physical world to be connected through people, namely the apostles who followed Jesus. If Jesus had not died, heaven and earth would have been connected through Him, but because He died, Jesus became the condition for heaven, and the Holy Spirit became the condition for earth.

Who can stand in the middle position between heaven and earth and represent the will of Jesus and the will of the Holy Spirit? You must not forget that it is the apostles who have believed in the words of the new covenant on this earth until now, or us.

Where is the desire of Jesus? That desire is not in heaven. Where is the desire of humanity? It is also not on earth. The desire of Jesus must connect the earthly will, and the desires of the people on earth must connect the heavenly will. Therefore, you must become a sacrificial offering that represents heaven and earth as the body that represents the blood and body that Jesus personally broke for you.

If you do not do this, Jesus and the Holy Spirit will never be able to unite eternally. The Holy Spirit will continue to work on earth, and Jesus will continue to work in heaven.

What did Jesus say to His disciples? "You must eat my blood and my body." What does that mean? It contains Jesus' earnest heart, saying, "Even if I go, take all that has entered into the providence of the heavenly realm and fulfill my desires."

The blood received by the disciples from Jesus symbolizes the spiritual aspect of Jesus, and the body symbolizes the physical aspect, which represents the Holy Spirit. Thus, through the blood and body of Jesus, He wished to establish a central being that could move toward one purpose. And the blood and body of Jesus symbolized heaven and earth, respectively. Therefore, you must understand that there was a great hope and ambition of Jesus manifested in this.

Now, after you have become a holy body through the Holy Spirit, your heart must be connected to the body of Jesus. This symbolizes the process of restoration history. When Adam and Eve were created, a body was formed, and a soul was created. After forming the flesh, life was breathed into the nostrils to create Adam and Eve. Just as a person was created by combining the principles of two conditions, in the providence of restoration, Jesus...
The Holy Spirit, centered on you, has established a new covenant, and since then, the works of Jesus and the Holy Spirit, united in heaven and earth, have been connected until now. When considering this, you must understand how significant a responsibility lies upon us today. You must recognize that the heavens are influenced by the movements of insignificant apostles and our humble actions. You, who stand in place of the apostles! Upon receiving the body of Christ, the life force of Jesus, which can represent God, must manifest in you. The inspiration of the Holy Spirit, which can represent heaven, must also appear. When you unite as one in front of Jesus' will to restore all creation, when you turn left, heaven will turn left, and when you turn right, heaven will turn right. Heaven will move according to your movements.

If you do not establish the standard by which heaven can move through humanity, Jesus and the Holy Spirit will appeal to you. The universal mission left by Jesus will accuse you. When considering this today, you must feel that through us, who are nothing, Jesus wishes to fulfill a grand cosmic purpose that can influence heaven and earth. 

Jesus does not have the authority to decide without humanity. The Holy Spirit also does not have the authority to decide. Only we, as humans, possess the authority to make decisions.

The response to the blood and flesh received from Jesus
The history of the New Testament until now has been a history of "Please do this for us." It has been a history within the limits of hope. It has remained in a place that has not transcended any limits. We must go beyond the words of the New Testament. We must be able to receive the heavenly gifts beyond the history within those limits. We must advance with the entire value of Jesus, who sought to possess everything in heaven and earth with his own body, and be able to say, "Father, give me a new promise!" 

You must manifest the appeal of Jesus' blood and the appeal he made while tearing his flesh on the cross in your lives. The human responsibility that must be fulfilled for us to reach heaven has been promised through Jesus. However, it must not remain merely a promise. If my body possesses all the gifts of the whole and the hope of the new covenant, if my life has the ideal of that one life, and if I cannot establish a standard on earth that I can freely give, then you must understand that Jesus' resentment cannot be resolved.

We are currently in the process of fulfilling hope. We are in the process of looking towards a certain goal and achieving that hope. In this process, if you move, you must be able to conclude the promises of faith you have established. You must understand that a being that has transcended such limits is one that responds to the blood and flesh received at the last moment.

In this sense, what should I do? I must be able to represent Jesus in all directions, as well as the Holy Spirit in all directions, and God in all directions. If I cannot establish the day of conclusion through humanity, which is both the heavenly will and the earthly will, then you must understand that neither Jesus' will nor God's will can be realized. And when you think of such a will, you must realize how great the value of our insignificant selves is today.

What did Jesus require when he gave his disciples his blood and flesh? He took the cup, gave thanks, and said, "Divide this among yourselves." (Luke 22:17) You must not forget this. Since we have received the blood and flesh of Jesus, if we take responsibility for the heavenly issues in place of Jesus' mission, God's will will be fulfilled. This is the hope of heaven.

Today, we have the responsibility to build a relationship among ourselves based on the condition of having received Jesus' blood and flesh, and to seek the altar of victory. You must feel this responsibility deeply.

The Lord's will to love one another
The principles that come down from above do not change. Then, who will seek this unchanging principle of up and down, and the relationships that must be connected left and right? You must seek it. Jesus and the Holy Spirit have aimed in one direction with an unchanging center, regardless of historical changes and times. Just as Jesus and the Holy Spirit exchanged, we must establish such relationships among ourselves. If we cannot establish such relationships, you must understand that the altar where God can operate will not be realized on earth.

Do you understand the heart of Jesus, who shared his blood and flesh? It was an indescribably sorrowful heart. Even today, those who understand the will and seek to fulfill it endure trials that melt their bones in a pitiful and tragic place. Therefore, you must understand how Jesus feels when he sees those who do not feel this or do not know how to face such a will.

If you do not understand this historical situation, you cannot share the horizontal communion among yourselves. Therefore, today, when Jesus connects with God, and when Jesus connects with the Holy Spirit, we need to live in a way that we can share that love among ourselves, that is, to manifest the love of the Eucharist.

To connect individuals, to connect denominations, and to enter into one realm centered on heavenly love in any form, you must understand the Lord's request to love one another.

Today, among you, if there is someone who does not have a comrade who can give their whole self and receive that whole self in return, they must understand that they are a pitiful person. And the Holy Spirit before Jesus does not change even if people change, so He continues to exchange with them. Therefore, you must fight on behalf of the spiritual world based on the standard that can exchange like that.

Now the time has come for us to fulfill the last hope left by Jesus. How should you connect this one hope left and right? First, you must become someone who can serve on earth. You must become someone who fights and is martyred on earth. You must know how to serve the righteous on earth.

Today, you must remember what Jesus said. "Whoever serves others will be served." And "Whoever tries to exalt themselves will be humbled." This is the center of a life that we feel in a flat aspect today. Therefore, we must know how to serve anyone, become friends with everyone, and protect them.

To fulfill the new covenant
Now that the words of the new covenant have been promised, we must feel the inner heart that Jesus commanded. And we must be able to understand his heart, as well as his ideals and practical aspects. Thus, we must fulfill the will of Jesus and the Holy Spirit. If such a will is not fulfilled in us, then at the end of days, the works of Jesus and the Holy Spirit will be gathered.

If the works of Jesus and the Holy Spirit are to be gathered, on that day of gathering, I must stand alone, knowing the hopes of Jesus and the Holy Spirit, and I must be a being who can walk the practical path that Jesus walked, possessing a new ideal on behalf of Jesus and the Holy Spirit.

We are those who have received the blood and flesh of Jesus' new promise. What mission remains for us? It is to fulfill the new covenant. To do this, even if my whole self does not have the cooperation of the Trinity at the end, I must be able to triumph over Satan. If so, what is the center that can triumph over Satan? It is the ability to act in ways that Satan cannot. We must be able to do what Satan cannot do.

The essence of Satan is pride. The essence of Satan is jealousy. The essence of Satan is self-interest. Therefore, the teachings of Jesus and the Holy Spirit are to be meek and humble, to sacrifice, and to become an offering. These are things that Satan cannot do. For Satan to be meek, he must repent of all sins before God and turn back. If Satan had no jealous heart, today this world would quickly return to God.

Therefore, you must equip yourselves with elements that oppose Satan within yourselves. Furthermore, you must not remain within that limit but must enter into the realm of the new promise beyond those limits. When you establish an unchanging center, as those who have received the blood and flesh of Jesus, you will be able to fulfill the meaning of the new promise.

If you cannot stand in a position where what God could not discuss with Jesus, and what Jesus could not share with the Holy Spirit can be discussed again because of you, that is, if you cannot stand as a central being representing all standards of heaven and earth, then you must understand that the meaning of Jesus' promise will not be fulfilled, and the meaning of the new promise that God desires will also not be fulfilled.

Today, even if we do not possess anything of the world, we must fully possess the body and heart of Jesus. We must be recognized as a central value representing heaven and earth from heaven. Thus, our recognized value must not remain within any limits. We must become a valued existence that no heavenly being can refuse to welcome.

The blood of Jesus and the flesh of Jesus do not only communicate on earth. They are not only applicable on earth. Just as the journey of faith is applicable in heaven, so too are they applicable in heaven. Therefore, if we have completely received the blood and flesh of Jesus, my wishes will be fulfilled in heaven and also on earth. And that fulfillment will represent Jesus' wishes in heaven and represent the Holy Spirit's wishes on earth.

Thus, we must advance to the point where we can take on the work that Jesus and the Holy Spirit did, allowing them to rest and enabling us to make a new promise with God. Only then will the new work of God, the overall providence of heaven, be conducted through you, establishing a standard of victory that you must keep in mind.

<Prayer> Father! We know that a battle of truth is unfolding on earth, and a competition of love is taking place in heaven. We know that the battle of truth on earth symbolizes the body of Jesus and has a purpose to conclude it, and we also know that our longing for heaven and admiration for love is to fulfill the will of Jesus' flesh.

The standard where love and truth can intersect is the standard where Jesus can be present, where the Holy Spirit can be present, and where God can operate victoriously. We have understood this, so may your standard of victory not be centered on Jesus, nor on the Holy Spirit, but be allowed to be established through me, who is on earth, through us.

Thus, we know that our mission remains to advance towards that one point of eternal unchanging conclusion, drawing the shape of that conclusion.

Father! Now, gathered here are your beloved children, standing before you, standing before Jesus, standing before the Holy Spirit. Oh, Father! Lord! Holy Spirit! Allow us to cry out, and let heaven resonate with that voice. Allow the earth to move. May the voice of "Father!" from our hearts be allowed to circulate and move through all things on earth.

Today, may the purpose for which Jesus gave us his blood and flesh be fulfilled through us, and may we establish the position of children who can live with you in the eternal garden of victory that represents Jesus' character. Father, I earnestly hope and wish for this.

Now, let the blood of Jesus flow in my heart, let my heart be intertwined with the flesh of Jesus, and let my wishes and intentions be able to represent the hopes and intentions of heaven.

We have not been able to escape the bloodline sin that killed Jesus, so today we cannot resolve the essential elements of Satan. Therefore, Father, please forgive all elements of sin and allow only the gifts of life to be abundantly granted.

May we manifest the value of Jesus' blood, which represents life, and may we reveal the victorious glory of Jesus' body. Father, I earnestly hope and wish for this.

I thank you for all of this, and I pray in the name of the Lord. Amen.
Make this time one that can be felt, and may the history of repentance and inspiration unfold, I earnestly wish and desire, beloved Father.  
Father, a small group has gathered, so please take charge and oversee us. Among the children gathered here, please allow not even one to be under the dominion of Satan, and after going through the labor of Your re-creation and omnipotence, please grant us this time to be able to abandon today’s inertia, I earnestly wish and desire, Father.  
At this time, please remove all elements of sin that are unworthy and unjust, Father. Please personally intervene and let only the elements of glory that can intervene and oversee be fully at work among the congregation, and may You fully oversee us, beloved Father, I earnestly wish and desire.  
Father, this evening, I understand that it is a time for lonely groups scattered everywhere to worship before heaven on behalf of the nation, so, Father, who makes the lonely groups Your friends, please work with them in consultation, and regardless of any environment or situation they find themselves in, Father, please allow their loyalty and faithfulness towards heaven to remain unchanged.  
Even if the mockery of Satan blocks them like a mountain, please raise them as heavenly heroes who can step over this, and lead them to fulfill the mission entrusted to them at the end, so that there is more than enough to fulfill Your desires, Father, I earnestly wish and desire.  
May the Holy Trinity come upon the countless altars gathered this evening on behalf of this nation, and upon the countless altars gathered on behalf of humanity, with the same work. Please announce to them the entire mission to be fulfilled at the end, and let Your original will, which must be established and sought after, be revealed before all 2.4 billion people of humanity, and allow it to be manifested on this earth, beloved Father, I earnestly wish and desire.  
From the beginning to the end, may there be an altar that can be offered as a sacrificial offering pleasing to You, and may only the history, power, and glory that can testify to the joy of the Holy Body be allowed to manifest. I pray in Your name. Amen.  
<Prayer (II)> Beloved Father! Please guide us to create an environment that can represent the position of the Israelite nation, established before the figure of Christ who appeared to represent the will of heaven, standing by the Jordan River and crying out towards heaven.  
Even if our hearts are far away from history, please grant us the grace of inspiration to hear again the voice of John the Baptist, who cried out with a heart centered on the heavenly principle.  
Behold, the Lamb of God who takes away the sins of the world. This word was indeed a marvelous, fearful, and majestic word.  
Many people and many saints have come and gone on this earth, but among them, there was no one who boldly proclaimed that they bore the sins of all mankind, and we know that the words of John the Baptist, who testified of Jesus, established a new standard for historical re-creation. We understand the heart of John the Baptist, who found one being capable of bearing the sins that all people despise, and we ask for the grace of joy to entrust all our sins to Jesus Christ and to worship towards heaven.  
Today, please transform our environment into that of the Israelite nation that has received the grace of liberation. Please manifest their hearts in our environment. If there is one protagonist who can entrust all their sins, let us realize that there is no one more blessed than that.  
Please allow us to feel the joy of those who can entrust our lives and everything to You and be grateful in a free environment, and allow us to recognize again today that Jesus came to this earth and took upon Himself our sins.  
Please take upon Yourself all the sins of those gathered here today, and let only goodness remain and be filled with goodness. May all elements of sin be entrusted before Jesus Christ, and may a stimulating impulse arise from us that can give glory to You and comfort the sorrows of Christ, beloved Father, I earnestly wish and desire.  
Please look upon the many children gathered today with compassion. Please do not let the heart of the one who conveys and the heart of the one who receives become two. Please grant us the power of resurrection that can revive us, and work with the word of re-creation that can restore us. Please grant us the grace of joy to break the chains of sin and to be restored to our original form by relying on the word of re-creation. Beloved Father, I earnestly wish and desire.  
I have entrusted everything, so please grant according to Your will. I pray in the name of the beloved Lord. Amen.  
<Word> The title I wish to speak on this evening is Why Did Jesus Become the Lamb of God Who Takes Away the Sins of the World? I will briefly speak on this title.  
The Background of Jesus’ Advent  
God created humans as a central being who could tangibly feel His inner ideals. Through them, He intended to realize the hidden beauty of heaven, the hidden love of heaven, and the hidden glory of heaven through the life of Adam and Eve, through their lives, and through the path of eternal life, to create a world of joy without any intervals at any time.  
However, due to the fall of humanity, the original will that God intended was fundamentally severed, and humans set up Satan, whom they did not want, in place of God and remained under the dominion of that Satan. Humans, who should have lived to give glory and joy to God, have repeatedly gone through a history of humiliation by centering on Satan and serving and following him instead of God. This is something you all know well.  
And God has been working through providence until now because there is still glory to be found centered on humans, there is still a will to love centered on humans, and there is still work to be done centered on humans. In contrast, Satan has been continuing a fight to destroy God’s glory, a fight to destroy God’s love, a fight to destroy heavenly life, and you all know well that he is trying to keep humanity bound in his grasp and not let them be sent over to God’s side.  
Therefore, now God must establish a condition by which humans can blame Satan, and He must establish a condition to protest against Satan with the glory that must be returned to God, and He must establish a condition to protest against Satan, who is receiving love from humans instead of God. Additionally, since Satan has the authority over all life instead of God, God must also establish a person who can protest against this. This responsibility remains with God.  
If a central being that God seeks, a protagonist who can attack Satan, does not emerge, there will be no way to return glory to God, no way to return love, and no way to return life.  
To establish this central being, God has worked for 4,000 years. Finally, the one whom God sought to establish as a center of faith before all people, a representative of humanity, who would testify to God’s glory, God’s love, and God’s life, was none other than Jesus Christ.  
The Responsibility of Jesus  
So what was the responsibility that Jesus Christ had to fulfill upon coming to this earth? He had to restore God’s glory, restore God’s love, and restore God’s life. However, what was blocking this? It was sin.  
Sin prevents all people from giving glory to God, from feeling God’s love as love, and from feeling heavenly life as life, thus failing to establish the center of eternal life. Why is this? It is because, due to the fall, hereditary sin and personal sin have permeated humanity and all creation.  
Therefore, the first responsibility that Jesus Christ had to fulfill upon coming to this earth was to fight to uproot the roots of sin that permeate among all people and all creation before restoring God’s glory, love, and life.  
Thus, Jesus Christ came to this earth and took upon Himself the sins of all people to uproot this sin.  
So why did Jesus have to take upon Himself the sins? It was because humans had sins. Moreover, humans did not know the truth.  
Jesus Christ came to this earth to save all people with God’s glory, God’s love, and God’s eternal life, but there was a condition blocking His path, which was the sin woven like a net between this person and that person, this group and that group, this society and that society, this nation and that nation.  
Until this sin is voluntarily resolved, one cannot see God’s glory on this earth, cannot see God’s love, and cannot see God’s life.  
God has been leading humans to resolve this sin. If humans resolve this sin, then through that, they can be granted God’s glory, God’s life, and God’s love. From the perspective of humans, God leading them to resolve this sin is for the purpose of making them aware of the protagonist they have not known until now.  
So if we can serve that protagonist on behalf of heaven’s glory, on behalf of heaven’s love, and on behalf of heaven’s life, then there is no power that can sever the connection between us and Jesus Christ, whom heaven has established as the center.  
However, due to the fall, until the end of this world, there remains a burden of sin that must be removed between me, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit. This burden of sin remains in families, societies, nations, and the world centered on individuals, and the fact that one being can take upon himself the entire burden of sin of this world is the most joyful news and the gospel of salvation and victory.  
So today, have we entrusted our sins to Jesus Christ? Have our families entrusted their sins to Jesus Christ? Has our society, our nation entrusted their sins to Jesus Christ? Has the world we live in entrusted its sins to Jesus Christ? The question is how many saints remain on this earth still under the dominion of sin.  
What You Must Do in Your Daily Faith Life  
What you must do in your daily faith life is to entrust all your sins to Jesus. Have you entrusted all your sins to Jesus? You must ask yourself this question. In reality,  
Father! The sins that remain in me, I cannot resolve by myself.  
I entrust my sins to You. Such a being must emerge on this earth. Otherwise, the ideals of Jesus Christ cannot be realized.  
If there are still burdens of sin remaining in me, in my family, in our society, in our nation, in our world, and in heaven and earth, then the suffering of Jesus Christ on the cross is prolonged.  
You must understand that you are also prolonging the suffering of Jesus Christ on the cross at this very moment.  
Today, we must pray the prayer of repentance saying,  
Lord! Please take my sins.  
We must combine our hearts and bodies with Jesus’ heart and body, and we must carry the burden of sins entrusted to Jesus, and through Jesus’ hands and our hands, we must penetrate through to the very bottom of sin. If we do not go through this revolutionary path, we cannot say that we have completely resolved our sins against the Holy Spirit and Jesus Christ.  
So what does it mean that Jesus came to this earth to take upon Himself the sins? It means that we lost the owner of life, who is God, due to our fall, we lost the True Parents, and we lost a center that can protect and love us. The one who came as this central being was Jesus. Now, after Jesus has taken upon Himself all the sins of the world, the time will come when heaven and earth, and Satan will settle their accounts based on Jesus alone.  
If you do not entrust all your sins to Jesus and do not entrust them to God, then even if Jesus Christ wants to intervene as your Lord, He cannot intervene. You must understand this.  
From a human perspective, Jesus was the most unfortunate of the unfortunate.  
We must understand the heart of Jesus who came to this world. His heart was one that wanted to bear the sins of the entire universe. From a human perspective, you must understand that Jesus was a pitiful person. When Jesus came to this earth, there was no one as unfortunate as Him. He came to find and to bestow grace, yet there was not a single person who knew His desire and said, “Jesus, You are my eternal ideal and unchanging Lord.”  
He came for the nation, for the country, for the world, and for heaven and earth, but the Jesus Christ established before humanity was the most unfortunate of the unfortunate. You must understand that there was not a single person who said, “Oh, we welcome You!” based on the words He spoke and the actions He took. Thus, from a human perspective, the environment in which Jesus found Himself was exceedingly unstable.  
Jesus, too, as a human, must have felt emotions similar to yours. However, He bore the sins of humanity, which could not resolve their own sins, and took responsibility for the past and future sins of all humanity, forgetting His own hardships and standing in a position to comfort individuals who blamed Him for their sins. You must understand that we should comfort the inner struggles and pains of Jesus Christ, who came to bear the sins of humanity.  
Of course, we must mourn over our sins. The reason we must mourn is that this mourning must not directly pierce heaven. The one who came to comfort this mourning is the Holy Spirit.  
Therefore, we must shed our sins with the cooperation of Jesus and the Holy Spirit. Otherwise, the struggles of Jesus Christ, who took upon Himself our sins, will not be resolved on this earth and will not be resolved in heaven either.  
So what must you understand now? The Holy Spirit is responsible for the work of forgiving our sins before heaven. This is because humans do not have a direct relationship with God or Jesus, who are in heaven. Therefore, we must receive the cooperation of the Holy Spirit, who works on earth.
And what we must understand is that, although the way to atone for sin has been opened through the cross of Jesus Christ, it is actually the Holy Spirit who bears our sins and labors for us. You must recognize that the Holy Spirit is working in the middle, taking on the burden of my pitiful state as a sinner.

What kind of labor is the Holy Spirit's? The labor of Jesus, who died on the cross, was to bear our sins, while the labor of the Holy Spirit is to weep with you when you weep and to suffer alongside you when you are crucified. Furthermore, the Holy Spirit continues to work today to help you overcome the trials of the cross. This is something you must understand well.

Thus, when the labors of Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit come together, placing me in the middle, and exceed the standards of labor that heaven demands, all the sins we have committed on earth will be atoned for.

Human Responsibility for the Labor of the Holy Spirit
Until now, we thought that we were the only ones laboring to receive Jesus Christ, but we must recognize that the Holy Spirit has labored more than we have behind the scenes. What Jesus desires is that the labor of the Holy Spirit is greater than that of humans; therefore, He established the Holy Spirit to represent the glory of Jesus Christ and to unite humanity. If that day does not come, Jesus cannot return to this earth as the main character for all people.

Thus, when we confront evil, we must understand that the Holy Spirit has labored on earth in place of our sins, and that Jesus was crucified because of our wrongdoings. We must also recognize that we are sinners who cannot escape the grievances of heaven, no matter where we go.

Realizing this sin, we must now dedicate our hearts and bodies. First, we must rely on the labor of the Holy Spirit to fulfill the measure of the labor of Jesus Christ, thereby relieving the burden of that labor. In this way, when the labor of the Holy Spirit, the labor of Jesus, and the labor of God come to an end through me, the providence of heaven that has labored to bear our sins will be concluded. Only then will we finally find a single main character. This is something you must understand.

Jesus came to this earth as a human being. He came as a human with a body. When you see through the spirit world, you can comfort and give thanks to Jesus, who died for us, because He has a body that can engage in a question-and-answer format with us. However, we cannot do this with the Holy Spirit because the Holy Spirit does not have a body.

Jesus came to this earth as the main character of heaven, the center of the created world. However, because the Holy Spirit still does not have a body, we cannot directly comfort the Holy Spirit for its labor. To resolve this grievance, the concept of the bride and bridegroom was established over the course of 2,000 years of labor, but today, Christians do not know this.

So when will the Holy Spirit, who is to be the bride before the heavenly Jesus, appear on this earth? The crimes we have committed have not only caused Jesus Christ to overcome the mountain of death but have also caused the Holy Spirit to overcome such a mountain of labor. However, if we can resolve the grievances of that labor through our own efforts, we can return joy and glory to Jesus, but we cannot do so for the Holy Spirit.

When we confess our sins, the Holy Spirit first takes on our sins. Then, Jesus Christ takes them on, and afterwards, we receive a settlement from God. Today, we do not understand this well. If saints who know this mission arise, the work of the Holy Spirit will be manifested to all humanity through them.

So, Jesus Christ came to this earth and left; what should we do now? We must find a main character like the bridegroom, who stands in the same position as Jesus, and a main character like the bride, who stands in the same position as the Holy Spirit. Therefore, we must receive the grace of atonement. And we must hold onto the Holy Spirit and Jesus, and say, "Holy Spirit and Son, and God! Please bless us." If you do not become such individuals, the 2,000 years of labor of Jesus Christ and the 2,000 years of labor of the Holy Spirit cannot be completed on this earth.

Why did Jesus bear the sins of the world? It was for us, to enable us to possess freedom. And the reason for seeking a master was to enable humanity to regain its original form and to shift from being under Satan's dominion to a position where it can dominate Satan.

Therefore, you must become children of freedom after going through that path.

To eradicate Satan and be free from sin
What keeps us from being free is sin. However, sin itself does not keep us from being free. It is the sins we have committed that Satan uses as a condition to keep us from being free.

Seeking a master is our mission, and shedding sin requires fighting with both body and mind, but to find freedom, we must fight against Satan.

When we fight against Satan, we cannot defeat him with just our own strength. We cannot defeat Satan with just the Holy Spirit. We cannot defeat Satan with just Jesus, nor can we defeat Satan with just God. Some may say that this statement is flawed.

However, if God alone could defeat Satan, why was the labor of Jesus Christ for over 30 years and the sacrifice of the cross necessary on this earth?

Now we must engage in the fight against Satan. And in carrying out this fight, we must understand who we are fighting for. We must first fight for the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, and then for ourselves. While we Christians know we are fighting for heaven, we often forget that we are also fighting for ourselves. So why do we fight for heaven? To prevent Satan's attacks and invasions.

You must understand that heaven is mobilized to help you find the blessed path of freedom. You must also recognize that there is mobilization on earth. In other words, in the heavenly realm, God is mobilized, Jesus is mobilized, and the Holy Spirit is mobilized, while on earth, many pioneers are mobilized for you, even if you do not know it. You must be aware of this.

Therefore, you must recognize that many are mobilized in heaven and on earth to fight for your freedom, and you must become individuals who can repay that effort.

Even today, many are laboring to lead your hearts and bodies to a place of freedom. For a long time, God has been laboring in heaven, and Jesus and the Holy Spirit are laboring as well. Not only that, but countless saints and angels are also laboring. You must not forget this. You must also remember that there are saints who are prepared to take on death and responsibility to resolve the dark environment in which humanity is trapped.

We know that laboring on earth for the providence of heaven brings glory in the afterlife, so we must be able to uphold our dignity before heaven.

As the day of judgment approaches, the labor of Jesus to set you free will demand similar labor from you. It will demand labor like that of the Holy Spirit. It will demand labor like that of God. Moreover, it will demand labor similar to that of countless prophets and sages who have labored to liberate you.

You must not live a faith life that is satisfied with just your own comfort, ease, and joy. If you live this way, you may avoid difficulties that affect only yourself, but you cannot escape the demands of the Holy Spirit, Jesus, God, and countless saints who have labored.

So today, as we seek freedom and become embodiments of freedom, we must give thanks centered on Jesus. In heaven, the Holy Spirit and countless saints hope that you will return the rewards of their labor to God. You must understand this.

The grievances of Jesus must be resolved by all people on earth, and the purpose of Jesus must be fulfilled by all people on earth. Moreover, there is a mission for humanity to complete that purpose on earth while also completing it in heaven.

Repaying those who have labored for human liberation
If we have received atonement through Jesus and gained freedom and liberation, we must fulfill what Jesus desires. You must understand that finding even one person who can do this is the hope of heaven.

Even if the earth is sinful, evil, and rebellious, we must be able to stand before Satan with the heart of God, the heart of the providence of heaven, and the heart of the prophets and sages, boldly declaring that no matter how strong you may be, we will not be defeated.

We need to raise individuals who can take pride in having such a heart of freedom before all creation. If such a main character does not emerge, the glory, love, and life of heaven will not connect with us.

Today, we are unable to connect with the ideals of God, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit because we have not created an environment of freedom. If this ideal is not connected, the life, love, and glory of God that moves in heaven will have no relation to us.

So why are Christians today standing in a position of having received the grace of liberation while living a free faith, yet are unable to look forward to eternity? Even if they find themselves in an environment of joy and freedom through the Lord of glory, that is not all there is. They must receive eternal life. Today, are you standing in a place of lament and resentment, reflecting on your own self that changes with time and cannot last beyond a few years? If you do not escape this place, you will find yourself far removed from the life of God's goodness.

You must recognize the precious value of your own self, but before considering your own precious value, you must first acknowledge the precious value of God, liberate God, and take responsibility for establishing the main character of freedom in heaven on this earth. If such a main character emerges, he will undoubtedly become the most special bride before Jesus.

Now, you must transcend time and place and establish the standard of God's internal love through your struggle. You must also be able to feel the heart of love that desires to give to others centered on eternity. Furthermore, you must not stop at just one moment when facing that true main character.

Today, there are many people living for a day's freedom and joy around us, but you must firmly establish the standard of joy and freedom that does not change eternally on the foundation of that heart. Only by establishing that standard can you participate in eternal life. Only by creating an environment that is not unilateral but multidimensional can the love of the Holy Spirit, the love of the Son, and the love of the Father reach you.

The reason Jesus bore the sins of the world
The reason Jesus took on our own sins and bore the sins of the world is, first, for the glory of God. Secondly, it is for the life and love of God. And as the main character of humanity, as the main character of freedom, as the main character of life, as the main character of love, and as the mediator of harmony, it is to standardize eternity and share life with you.

Therefore, if we believe in and follow Jesus, we will receive God's glory even while we are on earth, and we will be able to fulfill God's creative ideal. And when the creative ideal is fulfilled through you, God Himself will bless and love you as the eternal victor who has won over Satan.

<Prayer> Loving Father! When heaven declares such a fervent heart, I did not realize that there are so many gateways we must pass through. Today, your beloved children gathered here, please allow them to open their hearts and accept Jesus, and do not let them become a laughingstock in heaven. Please do not let them become a group that goes out before Satan on earth. Thus, centered on eternal life, centered on love, centered on glory, may we receive the joy of being able to call You my Lord, whom I can serve, whom I can love, and whom I can sing to.

Please look upon the hearts of the beloved children gathered here today and grant them strength. Heal their bodies. When they desire strength from You, grant them strength, and when they desire infinite life, grant them infinite life. May they walk the path of infinite struggle so that the labor of heaven may be concluded in their lives.

Please raise up the remaining children of Yours and place them in the ranks of heaven's soldiers, and make them children who can take on the fight against Satan in heaven's battlefield, and raise them up as children who lack nothing. 

Father! You know all things, so please fulfill even that which we have not asked for. Please allow the connections of hearts to be linked and the heavenly relationships to reach their bodies as well. I earnestly ask and pray this in the name of the Lord. Amen. 

Let us participate in the glory recognized by God
Matthew 11:25-30
<Prayer (I)> Loving Father! Please personally govern the children gathered here. Do not let us become those who do not know whether the life we possess is truly the life we should have. Please do not let us become those who have received the great grace granted to us but do not know how to leave it for our nation.

Loving Father! On this day, a small group walking a lonely path has come to this place and bowed before You. Please allow them to become one through Your love, and let Your loving hand, which has replaced 6,000 years of history to find humanity, intertwine with us in this one place. Thus, may all of us unite in heart and body.

The grace of permission is not just our grace, but a grace for the whole. Please allow this grace to extend through nations to all 2.4 billion people of humanity. Father, be the center of our lives, be the center of our love, be the center of our hopes, and may Your abundant hand of grace be with us from this time on forever. Loving Father, I earnestly hope and wish for this. 

Father! I know that many people are worshiping You today, so please let Your loving hand be with them wherever they gather. May those gathered bow before You, representing their entire assembly, in deep heart before You.
Please allow me.
May Your hidden love be conveyed to these people, and may it be revealed. Thus, may we become a group that is worthy to appear before all humanity on behalf of the entire providence of the end times. I earnestly ask for the gifts of Your power at this time, my Father. 
On this day, we present our hearts as they are before Your altar, so please remove all unworthy elements, and allow us to sing fully of Your holiness and be filled only with a heart of gratitude. My Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
So that among Your gathered beloved children, there may be no life unworthy before You. If there are sons and daughters who bear the marks of sin centered on themselves, O Father! Please manifest the fiery work of the Holy Spirit so that those who bear the traces of sin may feel shame and be able to repent on their own at this time. Thus, may we be reshaped to be humble offerings that can be presented before the perfect Father on behalf of the nations of the world. My beloved Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
Father, there are family members who could not attend today, so wherever they may be, please work with the same grace, and bless the lonely congregations gathered everywhere who cry out on behalf of the nations and the providence. Father! Please allow the flame of the beacon to appear before this nation through their holy touch, and may Your holy will be revealed before the entire world through those who admire You, my beloved Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
I entrust this entire hour to You, so please let the Holy Trinity preside over it. I earnestly pray in Your name. Amen.
<Prayer (II)> Please hasten the execution of the judgment upon the earth. Today, 
180   Let us participate in the glory that God recognizes.
dear brothers gathered here, may only You, Father, protect us and preside over us. Please allow this one hour to be a time without anything centered on me.
Let this time be one where I realize that my life is not mine, my knowledge is not mine, and all my concepts are not mine. Please allow me to be as one who is entrusted only with what has been given before You, so that when Heaven moves, I also move, and when Heaven is determined, I may also be determined.
Father, there are brothers who are wounded and filled with a thirsty heart, so, O Father who knows their circumstances and conditions, please allow the eternal flame of life descending from Heaven to ignite in their bodies and hearts. Please allow this hour to be one where we can return joy to You.
Let us realize that no matter how great the concept of the world may be, it cannot compare to the heavenly principles, and let us understand that the ignorance of the world has permeated this earth, allowing the shadows of sin to be connected with the whole world.
Thus, please allow this time to be one where we can realize our own shortcomings and feel a humble heart moved by the movement of the heavenly principles. My beloved Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
Father, we are gathered here, so please command us. As we are gathered, Father, please counsel us and give us the words of Your desire. Please manifest the power of resurrection so that the barriers of darkness can be pushed aside with strength and ability. I earnestly ask and desire this.
Though my heart is willing, my flesh is weak, so please manifest the power that can break this weak flesh, and may I become the clay that can truly be molded before the hand of the Father who bestows the grace of recreation, moving with the hand of power. Please allow us to be gentle and humble beings that can be shaped into the form of glory, my beloved Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
Today, You have called us, who are insignificant, so please allow us to fulfill Your hope. 
181 
For this dying nation, for this nation in distress, please allow us to reveal the living altar to find a way for this pitiful nation to survive. Please allow my individual self to stand before You today, to be in a position to answer questions, and may my own being be able to bear the mission that the heavenly principles require.
Please allow us to discern and fight against all evil, and to discern good and evil so that we may stand in the position of good. Believing that the good will remain and the evil of Satan will be eradicated, please allow us to enter the right path and live held in Your glory. Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
O Father! Please have compassion on the thirty million people of this nation. May the tears of the sons and daughters of God who weep for this nation penetrate the heavens and the earth, and may You show the work of heavenly inspiration that allows this nation to repent. Please allow the work of resurrection that enables repentance to manifest throughout this entire nation. Thus, may this nation be able to accept the new will You desire with a new heart, my Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
Now, please call each of Your beloved children gathered here and sanctify each individual. Father, first intervene in their hearts and bodies, and then in their lives with eternal ideals. Please allow this time to be one where we can offer everything before the will of the whole, before the purpose You desire, and worship as a sacrifice that only You can take, Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
Please preside over all things. I pray in Your name. Amen.
<Prayer (III)> Beloved Father of love, I wish to convey the heart of Heaven regarding the pitiful nation, but the humans living on this earth do not yet know what that heart is. They believe that the inner heart of Heaven has no relation to the earth, so please forgive the ignorance of these pitiful humans at this time.
O Father! The small group gathered here today knows that Heaven has established them and demands a great mission from them, so please allow them to have the heart to bear that responsibility. 
182   Let us participate in the glory that God recognizes.
How many children desire to be offerings before Your will? Beloved Father! How many can understand Your heart without being told? How many can move in accordance with Your will without being called?
Father! They desire greatly to receive from Heaven, but they also know that Heaven greatly longs for us. O Father! Even from this time, I wish for the small group of family members to offer their insufficient selves before Your altar to uphold Your will, so please accept them. Do not see the broken as broken, but accept them with love.
We know that we must become those whom You love in order to escape the accusations of Satan. Father, please allow us to share the hidden manna of life from Heaven at this time.
When I look at the group gathered here, I realize that they cannot help but be empowered, so, O Father! Please grant them overflowing strength so that they may forget their shortcomings and completely forget the consciousness of sin, and let this time be one where only life can manifest before them.
O Father! Please allow the gathered group today to come before You with empty vessels, having the heart of receivers. Pour out the living water and fill the empty vessels, and raise their true hearts. Please allow this time to be one where they can lift their bodies and hands toward Heaven and offer everything before You. My beloved Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
As I stand before them at this time, let them realize that the words I convey are essential for their entire lives and for the historical process. I know that those who bear the heavy burden of sin will achieve victory through the power of resurrection on the foundation of the word.
Today, may we also entrust everything to Jesus and, through the cross, be allowed to be recreated on the foundation that establishes the conditions for resurrection. My beloved Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
183 
Please preside over all things at this time. I pray in Your name. Amen.
<Word> The message I wish to deliver today is "Let us participate in the glory that God recognizes." I will speak on this topic.
To be recognized means
John the Baptist, who was to testify to the will of Heaven, found himself unable to fulfill his mission before the world, and as a result, Jesus had to face the difficult threshold of fighting against Satan. The nation of Israel, which should have recognized Jesus' situation, failed to do so, and standing in a position where Satan urged the difficult path of suffering laid before Jesus, no being in Heaven or on earth recognized Him, leaving Him standing alone, trying to convey the heavenly will to a people who did not understand it.
Feeling the mission to convey what He knew internally to the ignorant people, Jesus set Himself before all humanity, relying on the heart that only God recognized Him, and thus He ventured forth to proclaim a new resolve, new hope, and new determination before the nation. Today's message is of this nature, an important word.
Where does a person's happiness come from? It comes when one has someone who recognizes them. Moreover, if one has a friend, comrade, or teacher who recognizes their past, current situation, and even their future, they will be happy.
And the foundation of a person's rest is formed around such individuals, and it is through the environment where such individuals exist that one can feel joy and happiness.
Jesus knew that God in Heaven recognized Him through His works, and throughout His thirty years, He knew that God recognized Him through the eternal providence.
Just as God recognized Jesus, He had to be recognized by all humanity through the history of mankind, and He had to be recognized through their lives and stand in a position where they would recognize Him through the future. Knowing this, Jesus felt that He was the central being who had to make humanity know God.
Jesus had to testify to the nation that He represented a being who could not sever the relationship established over four thousand years of providential history. Just as God recognized Jesus through the providence of four thousand years, Jesus felt the responsibility to lead the entire nation of Israel to God and sought to reveal God's knowledge before the nation through the course of His life.
Furthermore, when humanity realized that they must unite with His ideals for the future after the course of providence following His thirty years, Jesus felt the responsibility to make known to humanity the ideal world where they would recognize Him from Heaven.
Considering that from the past to the present and from the present to the future, whether in the eternal heavenly world or on earth, the providential work that reaches Jesus alone remains, it was not only Jesus' mission to reveal this providence to Heaven, nor was it only Jesus' mission to reveal it to countless saints, nor was it only Jesus' mission to reveal it to historical ancestors.
Standing before the will on behalf of the whole, Jesus had to recognize the nation just as God recognized Him, and He had to make the nation aware that just as Jesus represented God, they must represent Jesus, and that just as Jesus recognized God, the nation must recognize Jesus; otherwise, Jesus could not feel the happiness of being known throughout His life. Jesus could rejoice with God in Heaven, but because people on earth did not recognize Him, He had no choice but to stand in a position where He could not rejoice. This is something you must understand.
The words of Jesus were not merely a request for Heaven to recognize Him. The gospel He preached was not solely for Heaven. His words, efforts, and all His difficult struggles were for the historical nation and for the future nation that would lead history. However, the people of that time did not understand this fact. If the people on earth had recognized Jesus as He recognized God, His life would not have been so tangled with sorrow.
To what extent did God recognize Jesus?
If God recognized Jesus, to what extent did He recognize Him? God recognized Jesus as the one who could reveal the glory of children to the world through the ideal of the bride and groom centered on the family of Adam.
186   Let us participate in the glory that God recognizes.
Then, how much did Jesus know God? He knew that He was recognized as a being who represented history, and at the same time, He knew that God wanted to manifest the faith of the bride and groom through His life from the family life centered on Mary to the course of reality, and to reveal the glory of goodness on earth. Therefore, His words were those that could resolve the grievances of history.
Jesus knew that God recognized Mary's obedience. He also knew that God recognized Mary's situation. He understood that God desired the faith of the bride and groom to be established from the lowest position. He also knew that God desired the hope of goodness among all creation. Thus, for Jesus to be known as one who knew God's love, humanity should have recognized the love He held, but the people of that time did not know this.
Consequently, while Jesus could consult with God, He could not consult with people. There was no one who could convey His knowledge, His heart of resentment, and the providence of salvation on earth, so you must understand that Jesus' sorrow was greater than the sorrow of losing the entire world.
Love is completed through three eras.
If love is not completed in one generation, it passes through three eras. Initially, it goes through the love of heavenly principles, then through parental love, and finally through the love of husband and wife. We are on the path of restoration due to the repeated mistakes of humanity and the fall.
Therefore, during one's lifetime, until reaching adulthood, it is a time to receive parental love. After that period, the time of love centered on oneself becomes the time of the bride and groom.
It is the time. After this, the time of love towards children will come.  
So, what kind of time of love has God been overseeing throughout 6,000 years of history until the coming of Jesus? It was a time when God personally gave love as a parent through Jesus. After that, the time of the bridegroom and bride begins, where Jesus transcends the love of parents and builds His own family life.  
Then, what kind of time is now approaching? It is the time to conclude the ideology of the bridegroom and bride on earth. Thus, Jesus must unfold the internal will of God and the familial expectations on earth. To do this, the life of the spiritual bridegroom and bride must first be developed on earth. It means that we must establish a family form that represents history on earth by unfolding the spiritual heavenly family life.  
After 2,000 years of history since Jesus, now heaven and earth must unite, and the internal and external forms must be connected to create one reality, establishing a relationship with that reality. You must become the new children centered on yourselves. In the time of parents, you must be able to nurture new children. Thus, through these new children, you must establish the ideology of the new bridegroom and bride on earth. This ideal remains in the historical course.  
What was the purpose of Jesus coming? It was to summarize the internal family form, the external ideology of the bridegroom and bride, and the life of children. It is not only based on the external but also concludes the relative standard by connecting the inside and outside, allowing anyone to establish a standard from the internal, going through the historical family form of restoration. Through anyone, not only the reality and historical facts but also the decisive facts, you must establish the family life form until God sets Jesus.  
If you do not possess the empirical content of the bridegroom and bride that Jesus has overseen for 2,000 years centered on the New Testament, you will not be able to confidently find the standard of the bridegroom and bride.  
You must establish a substantial good child on earth that can exist and be real, one that is not a child of shame but completely free from the history of sin, and after establishing such a child whom no enemy can accuse, you will come to know the hidden heart of heavenly secrets and establish the substantial form of me to receive heavenly love, to consult with heaven, and to establish a relationship of giving and receiving with heaven.  
What was the purpose of Jesus, whom you believe through your faith today? To what extent do you know Jesus? You must not only recognize the bridegroom and bride in the form of Jesus and the Holy Spirit.  
If you cannot become a person who can leave a victorious foundation for eternal life and eternal salvation through the substantial love of family and internal love in your life, then the ideals and hopes of heaven will have nothing to do with you. Furthermore, it can belong to God and to Jesus and the Holy Spirit, but it cannot belong to you.  
Therefore, you must not only know Jesus as Jesus Himself. Thus, if there is someone who can harmonize centered on Jesus, that person can be equal to Jesus as the son of God who recognized Jesus. He will be able to stand proudly on earth, representing history, the present, and the future. If such an existence appears on this earth, that person will be one who knows history, knows the providence of Jesus, and can represent the world that Jesus hopes for.  
To become such an existence, you must be a person who can give thanks to God under any conditions and who does not lose hope in any environment. Jesus felt that a stronger hope and love of God must accompany what I love.  
Therefore, even when the environment changes, history changes, and heaven and earth are in chaos, what Jesus thought until the last moment was humanity. He tried to establish an eternal relationship that cannot be severed for humanity, to represent eternal life and the center of heart. Thus, He could say, "Come, O cross. Come, O death."  
If you cannot feel such a feeling through your life today, knowing Jesus will be no different from not knowing Him at all.  
Therefore, now you must represent the overall historical form of the providence and represent the entire history and eternal history, establishing a relationship that can connect to the dynamic heart and static heart of eternal God. Thus, you must resolve the resentment bound in history and appear before all people. If you cannot appear as such a person, you must realize that you cannot be a child recognized by heaven, whom Jesus seeks and demands. However, if such a person exists, he will give thanks to God even for a spoonful of rice he eats and will feel God's love in every breath he takes.  
Children recognized by heaven  
Just as the fortune of heaven and earth turns silently, I wish my heart to turn anew infinitely. Why can it not be so? Because we forget that the power and love of heaven are united, and the principles of heaven's providence are connected.  
Therefore, now we must know Jesus as He knew God in our lives today. And just as Jesus knew God's resentment and returned the glory of His own body to heaven, we must have the heart to follow Jesus so that we can return our glory to Jesus through me. If we do not know Jesus while knowing that Jesus follows God and understands the heart of God's love, where will Jesus' fateful wish be fulfilled? Today, you must think about this.  
Today, you may say you live for Jesus moment by moment. You must be able to exist for many nations and many peoples. You must become a group that can eternally feel the flow and heart of heaven's providence until the end of history, singing the glory of heaven and giving glory to heaven as the main characters of all things.  
If this is the hope of Jesus, then my very being must give glory to heaven in place of Jesus. Therefore, now you must be able to practice such dreamlike facts in reality. God's desire is to conclude such a purpose. The demands and hopes that have been deeply embedded in the hearts of God and Jesus are being manifested through you. If there is someone who can become a representative of the Father and a representative of Jesus by following the internal heart of God through the heart of Jesus, that person will be recognized by God as Jesus was recognized, and at the same time, Jesus and the Holy Spirit will recognize him. Also, at the same time that Jesus and the Holy Spirit recognize him, the countless angels connected to Jesus and the Holy Spirit will recognize him. However, today's humanity does not recognize such a gift of glory as a gift.  
To give glory to victory  
Jesus only recognized God, but we will recognize God and Jesus and the Holy Spirit, and the countless saints in heaven will recognize us. Therefore, if I can know the heavenly God on earth, I can be recognized in the spirit world through Jesus and the Holy Spirit. Thus, my very being must be people who can recognize the heart of God that has been overseeing for 2,000 years through Jesus.  
The ideology of God's providence must be manifested through you. When we think of this, we are a blessed group. We must realize that we are in a more blessed position than when Jesus was going to the cross.  
Jesus died alone for God. However, we must also be able to die for God and for Jesus and the Holy Spirit. Thus, we must become those who can be welcomed by the countless saints who guard our path.  
I have realized, Father, may you allow countless saints to be comforted today through me. You must be able to do this. At that time, you will be able to represent the entire providence of heaven and manifest the glory of victory.  
<Prayer> Father! Those who believe have repeatedly emitted only the stench before You without realizing themselves. Father! Please allow me to know myself through the heart of heavenly love, and allow me to know myself through the purpose of providence on earth.  
Please allow me to know the one purpose of glory that connects heaven and earth, and Father, please allow the children gathered here today to understand Your heart that longs to speak. Please grant us the heart to face heaven centered on You and to know the life course of eternal Father, so that we may become children who admire heaven and its glory. We earnestly wish and desire this.  
May all the children gathered today receive the power of love flowing from You, and as You move, may we also move, and as You decide, may we also be able to decide, granting us relative blessings. Please allow us to alleviate Your entire concern through us and to be able to represent the entire historical providence.  
Thus, by building Your eternal kingdom that can govern heaven and earth, may all the saints in heaven and earth, and all the saints on earth come to know You.  
Please allow us to present the glory of Your knowledge as a condition of victory and to defeat the power of Satan, establishing the course of victory. We earnestly wish and desire this. In all things, we pray in Your name. Amen.  
Let us express the value of restoration  
Acts 1:6-11  
<Prayer (I)> Loving Father! After receiving protection in Your arms of love for three days, this evening, we gather to bow our bodies and hearts before You in worship. May Your glory be upon the heads of the many children gathered here. May the loving hand of the Father, who has been patient and overseeing, manifest among us, allowing us to feel a heart that cannot help but worship. May this be a time when we can humbly bow down and worship You.  
Father, I have been facing the purpose of living in Your embrace for three days, but I know there have been many times when my heart, body, and will have not been in accordance with that purpose. If there are conditions that may cause me to be accused before heaven and earth or before Satan, please block those conditions with Your loving power at this time, and remove them with Your mighty hand. Father, I earnestly wish and desire this.  
Please make us thirsty in heart and body, and allow this time to be one where we can admire the love that has been hidden in heaven, guiding us to be an offering that can be presented to please heaven. Loving Father, I earnestly wish and desire this.  
May the body and heart of all the children gathered here become offerings on the altar that can please You, and may they be children worthy of Your personal acceptance. Thus, may this time allow us to receive all of Your counsel and commands without exception.  
Please guide us so that there are no ones who reluctantly receive Your counsel and gifts of love, and lead us to become a precious time where the whole can unite as one heart and one joy, replacing Your heart. Father, I earnestly wish and desire this.  
Father, among those who have come before Your presence, if there are any circumstances centered on themselves, please perceive them with Your fiery eyes and help them overcome these circumstances, leading them to rise with hearts of peace and gratitude to recognize Your existence. Thus, please allow the work of inspiration to manifest, enabling them to unravel their shortcomings and repent.  
Father, may our hearts and bodies be moved by that inspiration, and may the whole be united in this. May we become offerings of gratitude and glory to You during this time. I earnestly wish and desire this.  
Now, please give Your words to each individual, and if there are elements of sin in each of our hearts and bodies, please allow this time to be one where we can present them all before You and settle them. May we, even for this time, be embraced in the arms of Your love and be allowed to resemble Your gentle nature.  
Please allow us to resemble Your peaceful nature, and with hearts moved to tears, may we sing of Your glory and offer songs before Your dignity during this time. Loving Father, I earnestly wish and desire this.  
Father, I know that today is a day when many denominations worship on behalf of the nation, so please grant compassionate love in every place where we gather, allowing the ignorant people to open their hearts and understand the one life that heaven requires and the heart of love that heaven wishes to establish. Please allow such children to appear everywhere and ignite the flames of love.  
Loving Father! Please pour out the power of salvation upon this nation, so that the Abel altar representing the nation can be established as a victorious Abel altar that can restore the whole. Please guide us to build the altar that heaven requires. I earnestly wish and desire this.  
Also, please be with the small group standing alone at this time, pouring out their hearts, bodies, and sincerity towards heaven in worship. They realize that the mission entrusted to them at the end is great, so please guide them not to let even one life fall into the temptation of Satan. The entire gathering is chosen by Your loving providence, so please do not abandon even one life, and protect them from becoming children who bring sorrow to You by being deceived by Satan. Loving Father, I earnestly wish and desire this.  
I know that there are many children who, with a heart of longing towards heaven, are secretly building an altar of atonement on behalf of all people at hidden altars today. I also know that there are many children crying out in caves, mountains, or wilderness, representing Your heart. Father, please reveal the purpose promised at the end to them.  
Please grant the gifts You have promised so that this nation can quickly build an altar of glory that kneels before heaven, and allow this nation to sing of joy and victory, creating one altar that represents the entire altar of this nation, so that we can raise the eternal beacon of truth in heaven and earth. I earnestly wish and desire this.  
Father! I know that to prepare for this, we must protect the hidden altar, so please allow many to gather quickly, and allow this nation to welcome You, leading us to reveal Your glory with joy upon joy. I earnestly wish and desire this.  
From the first hour to the last hour of this evening, please oversee us, so that not even one life...
도 사탄의 제물로 끌려가는 자가 없게 인도하여 주시옵길 간절히 바라옵고  
195  
원하면서, 주의 이름으로 기도하였사옵나이다. 아멘.  
<기 도(Ⅱ)> 하나의 뜻을 이루기 위한 노정이 만민들이 알지 못하는 외로운 노정이었음을 알게 될 때, 야곱이 걸어가던 21년의 생애가 저희들의 신앙의 행로로 남아 있다는 것을 생각하게 될 때, 수고의 발자국마다 눈물과 한숨이 서려 있음을 알겠나이다.  
아버님, 오늘 여기 모인 이들도 하란 광야를 앞에 두고 라반의 집을 향하여 걸어가던 야곱의 노정을 본보기로 하여 뜻길을 걸어가기 위하여 나선 무리였사오니 이들을 동정하시어서 이들의 친구가 되시옵소서.  
이들의 갈 길을 보호하여 주시옵소서.  
저희들의 가는 길 앞에 많은 사탄이 가로막고 있다는 것을 알고 있나이다. 흑암의 권세가 가로막고 있다는 것을 알고 있사오니, 사랑하는 아버님이여! 야곱이 걸은 노정을 본보기로 하여 걸으려는 자녀들의 마음에 철석같이 변치 않는 하나의 중심만이 남아지게 허락하여 주시옵소서. 일편단심 다 기울여 천륜의 뜻만을 마음에 품고 육신의 모든 조건을 다 잊어버리고 달음질칠 수 있는 자녀들이 되게 허락하여 주시옵소서.  
그리하여 최후의 개가를 아버지 앞에 돌려드릴 때까지는 참으면서 싸워 나가지 않으면 안 될 길이 남아 있사오니, 하늘이여! 힘을 허락하여 주시옵고 능력을 허락하여 주옵시고, 야곱의 외로운 심정을 이어받는, 땅으로부터 하늘 끝까지 내려진 사다리를 하늘의 천사들이 오르내리는 그 영광을 바라보는 은총을 이 자리에 허락하여 주시옵소서.  
이들이 끝까지 협조하시는 하늘이 계신 것을 알게 허락하여 주시옵고, 아버지의 참음의 심정을 알게 허락하여 주시어서, 아버지의 영원의 뜻이 이루어지는 그날까지 싸움의 용자로서, 참음의 용자로서 끝까지 싸워 승리하게 허락하여 주시옵시길, 사랑하는 아버님, 간절히 바라옵고 원하옵나이다.  
이제 모든 것을 맡겼습니다. 저희들이 아버지께 아뢰고 싶은 간절한 마음을 아시옵고 이 전부를 충심으로 받아 주시옵고, 온 몸 마음이 하나로 화한 제물로 바쳐지길 원하오니, 전부가 제물로서 바쳐 드릴 수 있는 은사를 허락하여 주시옵길, 아버지, 간절히 바라옵고 원하옵나이다.  
196   복 귀 의  가 치 를  나 타 내 자  
아버지! 이제 이 시간 전부가 허락하신 은사에 감사할 수 있는 시간 되게 허락하여 주시옵고, 사적인 모든 주장을 막으시옵소서. 사탄의 참소조건을 지니고 있는 탄식의 무리가 되지 말게 허락하여 주시고, 승리의 영광을 받들어 온유겸손의 제물을 몸 마음 다하여 하늘의 승리의 제물로서 바쳐드릴 수 있는 이 시간 되게 허락하여 주시옵길, 사랑하는 아버님, 간절히 바라옵고 원하옵나이다.  
마음 몸을 온전히 아버님 앞에 드렸사오니 전체를 승리의 영광으로서 주관하시옵소서. 기쁨의 은사를 이 시간 나눌 수 있게 허락하여 주시옵기를 간절히 바라옵고 원하면서, 주의 이름으로 아뢰었사옵나이다. 아멘.  
<기 도(Ⅲ)> 아버님! 한 사람의 마음이 하늘 앞에 중심을 잡지 못하게 될 때 전체의 청중에게 미쳐지는 영향이 큰 것을 각자가 깨닫게 허락하여 주시옵소서. 내 한 자체가 미비하여 사탄이 농락한다 할진대는, 준비한 제단 전체가 아버지 앞에 바쳐지지 못한다는 것을 알게 허락하여 주시옵소서.  
만일 하늘의 역사가 나타나시어 분별의 역사를 일으킨다 할진대, 중심을 잡지 못하는 자는 가인의 길을 갈 것이요, 중심을 잡은 자는 아벨의 길에 설 것을 알고 있사오니, 이 한 모임 가운데 아벨적인 존재들이 많게 허락하여 주시옵고, 가인적인 입장에 가담할 수 없게 하여 주시옵소서.  
아버님! 이 시간, 분별의 역사를 일으키지 않으면 안 되겠사오니, 이제 각자의 마음을 스스로 밝힐 수 있게 허락하여 주시옵고, 저희들의 마음에 중심을 세우시어 하늘의 우편 입장에 설 수 있도록 도와주시옵소서.  
왼편에 서서 우편을 기웃거리는 자의 마음을 갖지 말게 허락하여 주시옵고, 하늘이 기뻐하시는 곳을 향하여 온유겸손하고 무언중에 아버지 앞에 굴복할 수 있는 자가 되게 도와주시옵소서. 천상의 중심과 화동하기 위하여 온 정력을 기울이게 허락하여 주시옵기를, 아버님, 간절히 바라옵고 원하옵나이다.  
이 저녁 당신의 사랑하는 자녀들이 생명의 말씀을 받아 감당하게 하여 주시옵고, 몸 마음에 하늘이 새로운 불길의 말씀을 전하시사, 저희들 각자가 자신들이 어떤 자리에 있는가를 깨달을 수 있게 허락하여 주시옵소서.  
197  
그리하여 하늘이 기뻐하시는 그 한 날의 마음을 찾게 도와주시옵고, 합당한 몸을 세우게 도와주시사, 아버지의 제단 앞에 기쁨의 존재로 설 수 있게 허락하여 주시옵기를 간절히 바라옵고 원하옵나이다.  
오늘 이 저녁, 어린 자녀들을 앞에 놓고 허락하시는 대로 말씀을 전하고자 하오니, 아버님이여, 합당하신 말씀을 나타내시옵고, 뜻하시는 것과 바라시는 바 소망이 이 한 시간에 이루어지게 허락하여 주시옵소서.  
저희들에게 있는 모든 사악한 마음을 제하여 주시사 선한 마음의 터 위에 기뻐할 수 있는 영광의 생령을 받을 수 있게 허락하여 주시옵소서.  
이 시간 말씀을 전하는 자의 마음이나 받는 자의 마음이 아버지의 형상을 닮아서 하나의 모양을 갖추어, 주고받는 시간 되게 허락하여 주시옵소서. 그리하여 천상이 저희들로 말미암아 화동할 수 있는 귀한 시간 되게 허락하여 주시옵기를, 아버님, 간절히 바라옵고 원하옵나이다.  
성령의 불길로 전체를 주관하여 주시옵기를 간절히 부탁하면서, 사랑 많으신 주의 이름으로 기도하였사옵나이다. 아멘.  
<말 씀> 이 시간은 사도행전 1장 6절 이하의 말씀을 중심삼고 복귀의 가치를 나타내자라는 제목으로 말씀드리겠습니다.  
세계 복귀의 사명을 띠고 오신 예수  
하나님께서 타락한 인간을 구원하려고 하시는 목적이 어디 있느냐 하면, 여러분이 잘 알고 있는 바와 같이 인간에게 창조 본연의 상태를 회복해 주려는 데 있는 것입니다. 하나님의 뜻을 먼저 깨달은 수많은 선지성현들은 그 시대 시대를 거쳐 나오면서 이러한 복귀의 목적을 책임지고 그 뜻을 이루기 위해서 이 하나의 목표를 향해 수고해 나온 것입니다. 즉 예수님이 오시기 전까지의 4천년 역사도 그러한 역사였고, 예수님이 이 땅에 오셔서 30여 평생 싸웠던 노정도 그 목적을 이루기 위한 노정이었으며, 돌아가신 이후 2천년 동안 성신과 함께 싸움의 역사를 전개하신 것도 역시 이 하나의 목적을 이루기 위한 싸움의 노정이었던 것입니다.  
예수가 이 땅 위에 오셨던 목적은 역사의 복귀를 위해서였으며, 또한  
198   복 귀 의  가 치 를  나 타 내 자  
자기 일신의 복귀와 더 나아가서 세계 복귀의 사명을 띠고 오셨다는 것 입니다. 그래서 예수님이 이 땅 위에 오셔서 하신 그 복음의 말씀은 과거 이스라엘의 역사를 회복하기 위한 말씀이었고, 30여 평생의 자신을 복귀하기 위한 말씀이었고, 나아가서는 세계 인류를 복귀하기 위한 말씀이었던 것입니다.  
그런 연고로 오늘날까지 인간들은 예수님이 남겨 놓은 그 말씀을 통하여 복귀섭리를 분담하면서 역사 과정을 거쳐 나오고 있는 것입니다.  
뿐만 아니라 오늘날 여러분은 2천년 전에 예수님께서 해 주신 신약의 말씀을 중심삼고, 과거 6천년 역사를 탕감하고 금후의 영원한 생애를 대신할 수 있는 충신의 모습을 갖추어, 자기의 일신을 회복하는 동시에 역사를 회복하고 미래를 회복할 수 있는 승리적인 가치를 찾아야 하겠습니다. 그렇게 하지 못한다면, 예수 그리스도가 이 땅에 오셔서 4천년 역사를 대신하고 자기의 30여 평생을 대신한 복음의 말씀과 만민을 회복하기 위한 생명의 말씀으로서 남기셨던 그 복음의 말씀은 아무런 결실도 맺지 못한다는 것입니다.  
오늘날 여러분들은 4천년 역사를 대신했던 예수님의 원한을 풀어 드리 는 자녀들이 되어야 하겠고, 30여 생애를 통하여 만민 앞에 새로운 복귀의 이념을 세워 하늘의 승리적인 기반을 이루려 했던 예수님 자신의 복귀의 사명, 또 성신과 더불어 2천년 동안 수고하신 그 사명을 완결짓는 자녀들이 되어야 하겠습니다.  
그리하여 여러분은 역사를 대신한 입장에서 승리적인 복귀의 영광을 아버지 앞에 돌려드리고, 승리적 생애를 거치신 예수님 일대의 가치 이상의 가치로써 아버지 앞에 영광을 돌려드려야 되겠습니다.  
그뿐만 아니라 예수님이 새로운 복음의 말씀을 선포하심으로써 2천년의 구원섭리역사를 이루어 오신 것과 마찬가지로, 오늘날 여러분들은 다시 하늘로부터 새로운 말씀을 인계 받아서 전체 복귀의 위업을 종결짓고, 그것을 억조만대에 길이길이 남겨 주어야 하겠습니다. 이러한 사명이 오늘날 여러분에게 남아 있다는 것을, 여러분은 잠시도 망각해서는 안 될 것입니다.  
예수 자신은 하나님의 복귀역사를 성취하기 위해서 인간 앞에 전부 나타내면서 역사를 해 나오느냐 하면, 그렇지 않습니다. 지금까지 예수님은 복귀섭리의 구체적인 내용을 나타내지 못하시고 복귀역사를 해 나오셨다는 사실을 우리는 원리를 통하여 잘 알고 있습니다.  
자신을 감추어 놓고 상징적인 증거의 말씀을 통하여 하늘 뜻을 이 땅 위에 이루기 위한 복귀역사를 해 오셨고, 하늘의 영광도 인간 앞에 전부 나타내지 않고 복귀섭리역사를 해 오셨다는 것입니다. 그러므로 우리는 섭리의 구체적인 내용을 확실히 나타내지 않고 복귀역사를 추진시켜 나오신 예수님의 내적 심정을 알지 않으면 안 되겠습니다.  
예수님께서 속마음을 발표하지 못한 이유  
그러면 오늘날 여러분이 복귀의 영광을 갖추기 위해서는 무엇을 알아야 할 것인가?  
여러분은 먼저 생활을 통해서 예수님이 나타내지 못하였던 감춰진 복귀의 가치를 알아야 하겠고, 다음에는 마음을 통해서 예수님이 나타내지 못하셨던 숨겨진 복귀의 가치를 알아야 합니다. 그 다음에는 영원한 생명의 가치를 나타내지 못하셨던 예수의 감추어진 복귀의 내용을 알지 않으면 안 된다는 것입니다.  
그리고 하나님께서 천륜을 대신하여 복귀의 영광을 완결지으려 하실 때에 우리는 무엇을 알아야 할 것인가?  
예수님께서 30여 평생의 생활 과정에서 마음속 깊숙이 숨겨 놓고 만민 앞에 다 말씀하지 못하시고 밝히지 못하셨던 내용이 무엇인가를 알아야 되겠습니다.  
만일 이러한 내용을 여러분이 알지 못한다면, 여러분으로 말미암아 천상천하를 대신한 전체의 복귀의 가치를 땅에서부터 천상에까지 나타내지 못한다는 것입니다.  
오늘 우리가 예수님께서 밝히 놓은 복음의 말씀을 살펴보면, 그 속에는 예수님의 구체적인 생활 내용이 전혀 나와 있지 않습니다. 그러면 예수님께서 무엇으로 암시하였느냐 하면, 봉사의 생활로써 자신의 숨은 생활의 일면을 암시했습니다. 즉 자신이 높여질 수 있는 영광의 아들이었지만, 영광된 자기 일신을 낮추어 뭇 죄인의 발 밑에 들어가 봉사하는 생활로써 숨겨진 바의 일면을 나타냈던 것입니다. 또 예수님은 누구에게도 말할 수 없는 마음속에 숨겨진 일면을 무언의 생활로써 나타내었다는 것입니다.  
예수님은 자기를 따르는 12제자들에게도 자신의 속마음을 발표하지 못했습니다.  
그럼 왜 예수님이 그러한 비밀을 발표하지 못했느냐 하면, 천상의 비밀을 마음속에 가졌을지라도, 그 비밀을 알아주는 사람이 없을 때 그것을 발표하면 사탄 앞에 농락 받게 된다는 것을 예수님은 아셨기 때문에 발표하지 못했습니다. 즉 예수님은 아버지로부터 알려진 사실을 홀로 간직하고 인간 앞에 옮겨 주어야겠다는 애달프고 안타까운 마음이 있었지만, 자신의 그런 마음을 헤아리고 찾아와 들어 주는 사람이 없었기 때문에, 천상의 비밀을 인간들 앞에 발표하지 못했고, 숨긴 마음의 일면을 인간들 앞에 나타내지 못했던 것입니다.  
이리하여 예수님이 십자가의 절정에까지 나아가, 교법사들과 빌라도 앞에서 자칭 유대인의 왕이라고 하는 죄목으로 심문을 받게 되었습니다. 그때 예수님은 침묵으로 일관하시다가 빌라도가 네가 유대인의 왕이냐?고 물었을 그때에야 비로소 자신을 밝히셨습니다.  
선하고 의로운 하늘 편 사람들이 예수님을 저희들의 왕으로 모시는 것을 평생의 영광으로 알고 예배드려야 할 것이었는데, 예수님은 빌라도 앞에서 죄수의 이름으로 심문을 받게 되었습니다. 이렇게 피치 못할 입장에 서 사탄의 심문을 받게 되자, 하나님의 서글픔을 대신한 입장에서 침묵을 지키시던 입을 열어 사실을 사실대로 토로하시게 되었던 것입니다.  
이것을 보게 될 때, 아무리 하늘의 역사라도 사탄이 하늘 편에 대하여 사실을 밝혀내어 반문하게 되면 하늘 편에서도 숨은 마음을 드러내지 않을 수 없는 것이요, 또 사탄 편에서도 하나님 편에 있는 성도들이 사탄의 숨은 비밀의 마음을 적발해 내면 그것을 드러내어 직고하지 않을 수 없게 된다는 것을 우리는 알 수 있게 됩니다.  
예수님은 자신 속에 누구에게도 밝히지 못한 복귀의 내용을 지니시고 평소 생활을 하는 가운데서 무언의 봉사를 통해 천륜의 섭리를 추진시켰을 뿐만 아니라, 그 실천적인 면에 있어서도 어느 누구보다 선봉자의 입장에 서서 숨겨진 복귀의 내용을 나타냈던 것입니다. 그러므로 여러분은 이러한 복귀의 이념을 대신할 수 있는 예수님의 마음을 헤치고 들어가 당신의 마음은 이렇지 않습니까?라고 반문할 줄 아는 사람이 되어야 하겠습니다.  
성신의 협조를 받아 숨겨진 섭리의 비밀을 알아야  
만일에 그러한 사람이 나타나지 않는다면, 역사가 아무리 경과하더라도 예수님의 마음속에 숨겨진 섭리의 비밀은 이 땅 위에 드러날 수가 없다는 것을 여러분은 확실히 알아야 되겠습니다.  
그리고 오늘날 여러분들은 예수님께서 생활을 통해 나타내신 복귀의 비밀을 알아야 되겠고, 마음 속에 있는 복귀의 내용을 알아야 되겠습니다.  
그런 후에야 여러분은 하나님 앞에 자신 있게 설 수 있고, 사탄 앞에 자신 있게 나설 수 있는 자, 즉 하나의 승리적인 생명을 복귀 완성한 자가 될 수 있다는 것입니다.  
예수님은 30여년의 생애를 통해서 4천년 역사를 탕감했고, 천상천하의 모든 것을 대신해서 복귀의 중심을 완결지었습니다. 그런데 오늘날까지 이러한 예수님의 완결된 가치, 즉 예수님이 품고 있던 마음속의 비밀과 알려지지 않은 예수님의 생활의 가치를 인계 받을 수 있는 자가 없었던 것입니다.  
그래서 그러한 예수님의 내적 비밀과 생활적인 비밀을 누가 대신 갖고 나타났느냐 하면 성신이었다는 것입니다.  
오늘날 여러분은 예수님의 복음의 말씀을 믿지만 그 말씀 자체만 믿어가지고는 복귀가 안 됩니다. 거기에 필요한 것은 성신이 나의 생활을 협조하고 나와 함께 동거해야 된다는 것입니다.  
그러므로 예수님께서 희생 봉사의 노정을 거쳤던 것과 같이 여러분도 그러한 노정을 거쳐 십자가의 절정까지 나아가야만, 예수님의 감추어 두었던 생활적인 비밀이 예수와 성신을 통하여 비로소 나타나게 된다는 것입니다. 또 마음속에 가지고 있던 내적인 비밀도 그렇게 하여 나타나는 것입니다.  
202   복 귀 의  가 치 를  나 타 내 자  
그렇기 때문에 오늘날 우리는 성신이 협조하는 생활을 통해서 성신의 마음과 하나됨으로써 마음과 생활이 하나되고, 예수님과 성신이 하나된 인연을 내 한 개체를 중심삼고 맺어 놓지 않는다면 참생명이 있을 수 없다는 것을 알아야겠습니다.  
이와 같이 오늘날 우리들은 성신의 협조를 받아, 예수님께서 생활적인 측면에서 숨겨 나왔던 비밀에 싸인 복귀의 내용과, 마음에 감추어진 복귀의 내용을 이루어 나가는 중요한 과정에 있다는 것입니다. 따라서 그러한 과정에 있는 우리들은 예수님과 성신이 하나된 것과 마찬가지로, 성신과 내가 하나되어 예수님을 중심삼은 삼위일체의 형을 갖는 기준을 가져야만 이 땅 위에서 하나님의 승리적인 발판을 조성할 수 있는 평면적인 기대가 이루어진다는 것을 알아야 하겠습니다.  
그리고 여러분은 비장되어 있는 참생명의 내용을 찾아 나아가는 데 있어서 예수님과 성신의 협조를 받는 생활을 하고 있다 하더라도, 그 생활은 전체 생명을 복귀하는 데 있어서 일부분에 불과하다는 것입니다. 왜냐하면 전체 생명 복귀의 비밀은 아직까지 천상의 비밀로 남아져 있기 때문입니다. 그렇기 때문에 예수와 성신을 통하여 생명적인 가치의 내용을 어느 정도까지 나타내야 할 것입니다.
Even if one claims to have completed the task, it does not end there. There are still hidden aspects of life that God has not yet revealed through Jesus and the Holy Spirit. 

What we need
For us, who must complete the value of the overall restoration today, we must show the value of the secret of Jesus' life to many people, while at the same time representing the value of the secrets that Jesus possessed. We must also be recognized again by God for the cosmic value of life that Jesus and the Holy Spirit embody. 

So, what is your current state? You may have a desire to love Jesus, but you are not loving Him properly. Therefore, Jesus and the Holy Spirit have continued to serve and live a life of service to enable humanity to love God. You must learn the content of that love, which God could not fully express towards Jesus, to the extent that Jesus labored on behalf of all creation. 

If you do not come to know and realize such love, you will not be able to resolve the deep sorrow of heaven and complete the remaining history of restoration on this earth. 

Now, what is necessary for us, who are moving towards the purpose of life restoration and growth restoration through the three years of Jesus' public life, His path to the cross, and the cooperative efforts of Jesus and the Holy Spirit over the past two thousand years? It is to establish a center of love that allows our hearts to unite with the hearts of Jesus and the Holy Spirit, emulating the heart of God, who has loved Jesus and the entire universe for six thousand years. If you cannot become such individuals, you will not be able to establish a relationship with God's love that can complete the overall value of life and glory through practical, emotional, and vital restoration.

To establish a relationship with God through love
So, how can we establish such a relationship with God's love today? We must pass through the core content of Jesus' entire life and the heart that has labored for humanity over the past two thousand years. 

In other words, we must go through the inner heart of Jesus, who felt sorrow for all people during the historical process, and the inner heart of the Holy Spirit, who has been working since Jesus' ascension. We must also sympathize with and understand the deep inner heart of God, who has been guiding providence for six thousand years since creation and is laboring to establish the ideal world that is to come. If you cannot become such individuals, you will not be able to complete the value of overall restoration centered on God's love, which can replace the glory of eternal life. 

You must keep this in mind. Therefore, you must walk the path that Jesus walked, just as the Holy Spirit did. You must also emulate the path of the apostles, who lived solely for God, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit, forgetting even the consciousness of their own existence. 

Only when you walk such a path can you finally govern your heart and life, and your life will flow into a relationship with God's love. Moreover, the love of Jesus will manifest through you, and the love of the Holy Spirit will reach into your practical life. You must understand this clearly.

<Prayer> Loving Father! Please allow the unbreakable connection of the heavenly principle to flow where tears and tears exchange. We know that where the heavenly principle connects, the ties of life are linked, and the love that has been hidden in heaven is revealed, and that it must be connected through the earth as well. 

Father, we know that the garden of restoration, which heaven desires, is a garden of love, a garden of victory, and a garden of glory. We also know that in order to realize such a garden, we must serve in our daily lives today, while restoring the life, love, and glory that can bring joy to You, and we must also refine ourselves. 

Even if we hold the will of the heavenly principle in our hearts, if we cannot fully express that will before humanity, and even if we have a sorrowful heart that must be conveyed, we must understand the heart of Jesus and the Holy Spirit, who have longed for humanity to resolve that sorrowful heart and circumstances. We must also become a group that understands the circumstances and heart of the Father, who has left parts to be spoken through Jesus. 

Furthermore, we did not know that there is a remaining history that must be uncovered by saying, "Isn't this the hidden will of the Father?" through understanding and resolving these matters. 

Therefore, today we must think about the responsibility that remains for us to fulfill what Jesus left behind on this earth. We must know that the inner desires of God's heart, which have been hidden within Him and have not been known by Jesus, the Holy Spirit, or even the countless beings of today, must be revealed through our efforts. 

When we uncover the deep desires that the Father could not express, we will receive the profound love that the Father has cherished in His heart, and through that, we must become individuals who can manifest the center of love bestowed upon us by the Father before all people. 

Father, now that we are receiving Your love, please allow us to take responsibility for this work. We earnestly desire and hope for this. 

Only when this is realized can the desires in Jesus' heart be resolved, and the wishes of the Father, who has labored for six thousand years in providence, can also be fulfilled. 

Therefore, Father! Please establish the standard of restoration that You have cherished since creation through us. And through that standard, allow us to build the kingdom of a thousand years and advance to the realm of Your ideal, so that the inner heart of the Father, which extends to eternity, can be fully received by humanity on this earth. 

As beings who represent heaven and earth, please guide us to achieve complete restoration without leaving any conditions for Satan to accuse us. Allow us to become children who can fully manifest the glory of the Father's overall value. Loving Father, we earnestly desire and hope for this. 

Until now, we have been struggling in a very insignificant position. Even when facing a single human being, we were those who fought to elevate ourselves, and even within a gathering, we fought to make ourselves known. 

However, Jesus, knowing that God could not reveal His dignity before all creation, thought of God's honor and humbly bowed His head, and also sought to pave the way for an example before His enemies. We hope that we can also enjoy and walk this path. 

Because Jesus knew that humanity could not resolve the deep resentment in the Father's heart, He comforted the Father rather than seeking His own comfort. Now, we must also become true sons and daughters who can understand and comfort such a heart of Jesus. Loving Father, please lead us. We earnestly desire and hope for this. 

Please let us know the painful heart that You have hidden for six thousand years through Jesus and the Holy Spirit. Guide us so that we can comfort that heart and become the main characters of restoration who can replace the glory of victory. 

Allow us to understand that if we do not become victors in life, in heart, in vitality, and in the path of love, such matters cannot be completed. Help us to realize that unless we become kings of silence, this work cannot be completed, and that unless we achieve victory in the battle against Satan, this work cannot be completed. 

Now, may we go through the process of fighting from one to the whole, and may we be led to speak the words of blessing before You, so that we can receive the Father's heart into our hearts and establish the connection of victory. 

May we return all that we have to You, take upon ourselves the bad, and fight against Satan to inherit the glory of the Father. Until we become those who are qualified as victors of complete restoration, please protect us, Father, and we earnestly hope for the cooperation of the Holy Trinity. 

We pray all these words in Your name. Amen. 

<Word> The title of the message I want to share at this time is "Let Us Seek God's Eternal Ideal." I will speak for a moment under this title. 

God's Creation Ideal
When God began the work of creation on this dark earth, the standard He established was to set the ideal form remaining in His inner heart as an eternal reality. Thus, having established this one reality, He began the work of creation to live with a relative ideal of one, feeling the eternal joy of that oneness. 

You all know well that God established one human being as the center of all ideals among the created beings that were made through the labor of creation. However, because that one person stood in opposition to the hope that God originally required, humanity has become disconnected from the ideals that God desired, despite the long passage of time since then. 

The historical process of God seeking to find humanity again to fulfill that one ideal is the process of providence, the process of salvation, and the process of pioneering. 

The ideal that God hoped for as His inner heart was an ideal that extended to all creation, but because one person made a mistake, that ideal became impossible to find among all created beings. 

Therefore, God has been working through the history of pioneering and salvation until now.
The central meaning you seek in establishing the providence is to realize the ideal that God envisioned through the internal heart of God by establishing people, and to not only enjoy that realization but also to hope that the joy of that ideal will be returned to God as a condition of glory for humanity. For this purpose, God is working.

Therefore, we must now recognize that God in heaven is calling each of you. God in heaven has been laboring until now, hoping that each of you will become a central figure in realizing His ideal.

However, the ideal that God desires cannot be realized as long as we are in an imperfect realm, unable to discern between God's will, human will, and Satan's will.

Whether we look left, right, up, or down, the ideal that must be established is God's ideal. Thus, whether belonging to the left or the right, or all beings on earth, or the countless saints in heaven, you all know through the principles that they are all yearning for that one ideal, even if they do not know why.

When will the day come for God's new ideal of light to appear in this dark world? What hour will it be? What time will it be? Countless saints and sages have continued to pave that unknown path until today, without even realizing it.

Therefore, after experiencing the heart of God's bright ideal, you must possess the unchanging and eternal elements of the ideal that you have longed for in your heart and the ideal you have aspired to. Thus, you must establish a foundation of joy that is realized through your heart, body, and environment. If you cannot establish such a foundation of joy, God's ideal cannot be found and established in the created world.

The realization of God's ideal and human responsibility

Then, what is the most important issue here? It is not in the created things, nor in the spirit world. It is not with the angels in heaven, but rather within yourselves, who are the center, the standard, the core, and the main characters of all things. Therefore, you must recognize that you yourselves are the center and standard that governs God's ideal.

The joy of the day when that one standard point, that one center, appears in this world oppressed by death is our hope as we go through the historical course, and it is the will of God's providence as we fight against countless evil spirits.

Therefore, if I am to maintain a heart that admires God's ideal, I must first establish a self that can resonate and harmonize with God's internal heart. Thus, just as nature moves according to its laws, our hearts must move centered on the heavenly heart. And unless we establish a center of heart that can connect this to the cosmic end point of heaven, you must understand that God's eternal ideal cannot establish a relationship with the created world.

Let us find God's eternal ideal

Now, when we consider our own hearts and bodies, is there a wall blocking the way between my heart and heaven? Is there a wall blocking the way between my heart and body? Is there a wall blocking the way between my body and all things? As long as such walls exist, God's eternal ideal has already severed its relationship with you.

Now we must open the door of our hearts and establish a standard that can remove all sins of the body to be able to move. Thus, we must receive a natural gift that cannot help but feel the heavenly nature and interact with God and fulfill His ideal.

However, fallen humanity is far from that standard, and thus there is a historical effort to lift us up to that standard, which is the work of restoration providence. We must deeply remember that the providential work to fulfill that purpose has been the history of sending prophets and sages until now.

Now you must move forward. To do so, you must first possess the value of the body created to symbolize all things and the value of the heart created as the center of the body, representing the heavenly nature. Thus, the internal heart of God, who is the center of all creation, must flow through our hearts, our bodies, and our life stage to manifest as one movement to all things. All of this must be accomplished within our one body.

The relationship between God and humanity and the goal of Satan's activity

God has worked for 6,000 years to lift fallen humanity, which has fallen from God's dominion, back to its original position. What has that history been like? God created all things as symbolic entities according to the principle of creation and created humanity as a substantial entity. Therefore, as long as that substantial existence serves as the ideal standard of our hearts, we cannot be separated from God; we are connected as one.

Who is the being that blocks the connection and interrupts the path of communication? It is Satan, your enemy, whom you must fight to establish an eternal victory and make him submit naturally. However, as long as God's ideal garden is not established today or tomorrow, and as long as the ideal of hope that God desires is not realized through my body and heart in the entire universe, that Satan will not be removed.

However, God has ideals regarding our hearts, our bodies, and all things. Yet Satan fights against these. Therefore, unless a day of hope appears that can take responsibility for and subjugate Satan on a global scale, it cannot be done.

Because there are conditions established by that one Satan, until they are removed, God's ideal has no relation to us. Thus, God established a master who could win against Satan to fulfill His ideal, and that master is none other than Jesus Christ.

However, today the door that connects the body to all things, from the body to the heart, and from the heart to heaven is blocked. The one who has been working to break through that blocked door of the heart and body is Jesus and the Holy Spirit.

Then, what was the unchanging purpose of Jesus coming to this earth? It was to realize God's ideal by any means necessary. First, it was to restore the hearts of humanity, to restore the bodies, and then to restore the world of all things. Although Jesus brought this overall ideology and ideal, the people of Israel, whom He had chosen to believe, did not believe, so He established only the heartistic ideal that represented God's heart.

Therefore, until we establish that heartistic ideal, that is, the spiritual ideal, we must understand the life of Jesus and His history.

Jesus showed us the path of victory of the heart to realize the ideal that God desires, that is, the path to victory over Satan. Therefore, seeking the ideal through Jesus is not seeking an ideal within a temporal realm but seeking God's eternal ideal. The character that Jesus possessed, the hope that He brought, the ideology that He believed in, the life that He had, and the love that He had were all missions to fulfill, and that mission was not a temporary one but a mission representing eternity. You must understand that Jesus fought to fulfill such a mission.

Then, what should we, who seek to realize God's ideal, possess today? We must possess God's eternal elements. Because although times and ages may change, God's eternal substance does not change.

Thus, you must understand that the ideal that God possesses is also an eternal ideal. Therefore, the ultimate ideal that humanity must seek today is the eternal ideal that God desires. Now, you must fight today, you must fight tomorrow, and you must dedicate your life to fighting until the day you make that eternal ideal that God desires your own.

Faith, hope, love, and life established by Jesus

Jesus came to this earth and fought to establish eternal faith on behalf of the unbelieving people of Israel in the search for God's eternal ideal. Throughout the historical process, many people have come to believe in God. However, the hope and faith they believed in were limited to their individual selves. But Jesus did not establish faith and hope as something that belonged only to Himself. He dedicated His life to establishing faith that could encompass the elements of that ideal as long as it was established as God's eternal ideal.

What was the central focus that Jesus longed for throughout His 30 years of life? Although many prophets and sages established standards of faith during the 4,000 years of historical process, their faith could not transcend the limitations of their nations or the world. Therefore, Jesus' life was centered on going beyond those standards to fulfill God's eternal ideal and establish eternal faith.

Thus, Jesus' faith was not aimed at the salvation of His own self. It was not for the purpose of saving Himself, nor was it for the purpose of saving only this earth. He understood God's heart, which has been guiding the providence from the origin of history through its process to any endpoint in the future, and He sought to restore all of that.

Furthermore, Jesus fought against Satan to establish an unprecedented eternal standard in history, a standard that would never change, in order to establish God's eternal ideal. Because of such a Jesus, you must understand that He was able to establish the condition of eternal faith before God who seeks to find the eternal ideal.

Therefore, when you hold onto Jesus, you must first recognize that the will of all humanity throughout history is embodied in Him. He was the only one who could unify the faith of countless believers over 4,000 years of history or all of humanity at that time. Moreover, He brought a standard that could represent the future history of countless generations and unify the faith of all humanity, an eternal and unchanging center.

Thus, we must emulate Jesus' faith. And we must go beyond the individual, beyond society, beyond the nation, beyond the world, and beyond the universe to establish a firm foundation of faith that represents God's eternal hope, an unchanging and solid faith.

Next, we must inherit Jesus' hope. Jesus' hope was not for His own self. It was a hope that absorbed all the hopes that countless ancestors had longed for. It was a hope that represented the eternal hope of God that permeates heaven and earth. Therefore, because Jesus established the center of hope that could fulfill God's eternal ideal, you must understand that He could represent our hope.

Not only that, but Jesus also established faith toward heaven, equipped with hope, and established connections of life and love. Thus, He went through over 30 years of struggle to establish His hope as eternal hope and His life as eternal life.

However, the reason Jesus felt the value of life in His life process was that He received the eternal elements of life from God, who exists eternally and is the center of life, on behalf of all creation. Because Jesus was the owner of this eternal life, no power of Satan could affect Him. Moreover, the love that Jesus established was not a love that remained within the limited realm centered on oneself, as humanity has today. It was an immutable love that could die to fulfill God's eternal ideal. Therefore, the heart of Jesus, who loved God in heaven at that time, could represent all humanity. You must understand that Jesus possessed an unchanging love that could finally represent God's eternal ideal in heart and replace all humanity in the universe.

The correct faith in Jesus

Today, we are inheriting the providential will that Jesus established through faith, hope, life, and love. We must realize the will of salvation that has been established through the laborious course. We must also follow the path of establishing the standard of atonement through the cross.

Furthermore, we, who are within the realm of limitations today, must reflect on the life of Jesus, who sorrowfully spent over 30 years longing for the infinite hope, infinite life, and infinite love of God. You must understand that Jesus, the Lord of the universe, the Savior of all people, and the Lord of the earth, fought with His life to establish the conditions to fulfill God's eternal ideal in all aspects of hope, faith, life, and love.

And you must look at all things with the heart of Jesus and feel the emotions that Jesus felt. You must recognize that Jesus fought with such aspirations, such hopes, and such ideals. You must not think of Him merely as a historical figure who came and went 2,000 years ago. You must feel Him as the one who is in your heart and accompanies you in your life today. You must re-recognize the vital elements that can fulfill God's eternal ideal. Thus, your faith must be comparable to Jesus' faith, your hope must be comparable to Jesus' great hope, and your life and love must also be comparable to those of Jesus.

You must emulate the center of Jesus, who represented all ideal elements of God. You must inherit and fulfill the central heart that Jesus fought to establish through faith, hope, life, and love. If there is no one to fulfill that will, then the purpose that Jesus sought to accomplish on this earth by dying on the cross will not be realized. Because the path that Jesus did not complete remains, the providential will is still with us today.

Therefore, we must seek to feel the image of Jesus through our bodies and seek to feel the image of Jesus through all things. Thus, the image of Jesus and our image must unite to fulfill God's eternal ideal, which represents the entire universe.

Now, you must understand what Jesus' death on the cross foretold.
218   Let us seek God's eternal ideal
We must understand that the hill of the cross is the cross that fulfilled eternal faith, the cross that embodied and encouraged God's eternal hope, and the cross that urged us to possess God's eternal life and eternal love. Furthermore, the doctrine of salvation left behind after going through the history of redemption through the cross becomes a condition that can pass on Jesus' eternal faith, eternal hope, eternal life, and eternal love to us.

However, because the faith of Jesus, who came to represent all of humanity, did not manifest as a whole, and because the hope He desired for all humanity was not realized globally, Jesus made a plea of resentment on the cross. The same applies to life and love. If the faith, hope, life, and love that Jesus desired at that time could have been manifested, there would have been no plea of resentment from the cross.

What we must equip ourselves with through the cross
Therefore, what must we equip ourselves with through the cross? We must possess the eternal faith that Jesus Christ held, the eternal hope that Jesus Christ had, the eternal life that Jesus Christ lived, and the eternal love that Jesus Christ longed for. Today, we cannot simply attribute the eternal faith, eternal hope, eternal life, and eternal love set before us at the cross as merely belonging to Jesus.

We must carry His cross and possess His eternal faith as our faith, His eternal hope as our hope, and His eternal life and love as our life and love. Furthermore, we must have the elements of God's ideal that Jesus was willing to pass on for humanity even to the point of carrying the cross. After that, just as Jesus had His chief disciple who could pass on eternal faith, eternal hope, eternal life, and eternal love, we too must have such a person.

If there remains a condition that the faith received from Jesus, the hope received from Jesus, the life and love received from Jesus could not be fulfilled because of you, then those will manifest as conditions for judgment against you at the end of days. 

At the end of days, God will come to you and ask if you have repaid the debt of eternal faith left by Jesus Christ. He will ask if you have repaid the debt of hope, life, and love left by Jesus Christ. When you stand in such a position, just as Jesus Christ said, "It is finished" on the cross, you too must be able to say, "I have fulfilled the eternal inheritance of God that you left behind." You must understand that unless such a person appears on this earth, the purpose of God's ultimate providence cannot be completed.

In the course of 4,000 years of history, the eternal God established the central elements of His ideal through Jesus. In order to expand the conditions of spiritual and internal salvation to a global standard, Jesus and the Holy Spirit have been working until today. Therefore, if we cannot establish eternal faith, hope, life, and love that can externally realize the internal elements of God's eternal ideal, the purpose of Jesus Christ's 2,000-year providence will be in vain. You must understand this.

Now you have entered the path of faith that seeks to feel God's heart by following Jesus. However, you must reflect on how far you believe. Are you perhaps believing within the confines of your own claims established by your own concepts? If there is a difference when compared to the faith of Jesus Christ, who represents the entire universe, then that difference will become a condition for judgment at the end of days.

What kind of hope do you possess today? The hope you hold conceptually is a hope for yourself. You must testify that the hope of Jesus Christ is your hope. Thus, you must have the hope of Jesus Christ, who represented God's eternal ideal beyond yourself. However, if your hope differs from the hope of Jesus Christ, you must understand that it will become a condition for judgment at the end of days.

The same applies to life. If today we believe in Jesus and have received life, that life is not for the sake of our own existence. That life is meant to restore this nation and to awaken countless saints. It is a life that can embody the calm and composed heart of Jesus Christ, who represented God's eternity before the cross and in the face of Satan's attacks.

Even though Jesus was in a position where His life was to be sacrificed on the cross, He did not curse His enemies in response to their attacks. Jesus was not the kind of person they were familiar with. For 4,000 years, He was the one who sought to understand the heart of God, who fought against enemies for humanity, and to feel God's eternal love. When you long for that boundless heart of Jesus, you will feel that it becomes the foundation of your faith.

That is why the sensitivity to the love of heaven that Jesus felt was able to transcend any criticism or suffering on earth and could represent the eternal ideal of God. Because Jesus stood in such a position, He forgot the path of death He had to take due to the wrongs of His enemies and prayed for humanity.

The love of the cross
Today, if you believe in Jesus and receive the boundless love of God and the boundless life, you must reflect on what realm that life is in. 

Jesus knew the love of God, which is eternal and ideal, that longs to embrace all of creation, and therefore loved God more than loving Himself, His family, His nation, or the world.

Thus, Jesus, who held the love of God, which is the center of all love, came to fulfill the providence that countless prophets and saints could not accomplish, feeling the heart to love humanity and God, regardless of the difficulties He faced. You must consider that this is the love of the cross.

If there is to be judgment at the end of days, when the love of God that flows from God and is manifested through Jesus reaches you, you must have a foundation of heart that can eternally hold that love within yourself. If you do not have such a foundation of heart, you will not be able to stand before God with dignity at the time of judgment.

Therefore, we must now recognize that there is a great and lofty hope and ideal of Christ before us. That great and lofty ideal has finally been manifested on earth through Jesus Christ.

Thus, today we believe in Jesus and seek to follow Him. Jesus is fighting against Satan on behalf of the world even in the spiritual realm. He is fighting against Satan on our behalf, along with the Holy Spirit and the countless heavenly hosts, to fulfill the eternal ideal of God.

The faith left to us, the hope He desired for us, the life He required of us, and the love He wished for us must not be possessed only as my love, my life, my hope, and my faith. If you only hold them as your own, you must remember that the eternal ideal of God has nothing to do with you. (The following words could not be recorded due to poor audio quality) *

15)
Jesus is the protagonist of the cosmic revolution
John 14:1-21
<Prayer (I)> Beloved Father! It was Your purpose of creation to look upon the garden of life, and the garden of truth that sings of Your glory was the ideal garden. It was the original garden where all should live, revealing both Your inner and outer forms centered on eternal and unchanging love, and where all should be harmonized.

Beloved Father, please allow us to feel the garden of hope we desire today. Let us experience the original garden in our hearts and allow our bodies to move in worship, and while uplifting Your will in our hearts, let our bodies be offered as sacrifices.

Please entrust to us all the efforts You have made to find us, and may You be glorified.

Father, please have compassion on Your sons and daughters gathered here alone. Do not let even one life be discarded, and allow their hearts to be ignited with Your eternal life. Let our bodies and hearts become one with Your life, and may this time be one where the whole can be offered as a sacrifice. May we be a perfect offering that You can joyfully accept, we pray, on November 11, 1956, at the former headquarters church.

223
Father, we earnestly desire and wish for this.

Father, please protect us. Please take responsibility for the work of discernment. Do not allow this time to be one where Satan invades. Let us be completely captivated by Your will and respond centered on Your commands, and let this time be one where we can submit with our hearts and bodies.

Thus, let us be able to lay out all our shortcomings and all unworthy elements before You and honestly confess and repent, while also allowing this time to be one where we can receive Your love. Beloved Father, we earnestly desire and wish for this.

Father, this day is a holy day, a day promised for blessings, so please bless the numerous altars gathered on behalf of this nation. There are many children fighting at lonely altars on behalf of Your will, so please bestow upon them a uniform grace.

Please allow the facts that You have foretold, shown, and testified to be manifested at the end through them. This nation is captured in darkness, so please manifest Your direct work that can awaken them, and let it be revealed through the churches where You are moving and through Your sons and daughters during this time. Beloved Father, we earnestly desire and wish for this.

The promised end days are near, and the time of granted grace has come, but we are still imperfect, inadequate, and lacking, so please lead us. 

Do not let us become those who cannot uphold the will of the Father that we must carry. 

Let us be those who can lament our inadequacies and be able to bow down before You. May there be many loyal children who uphold the true will of the Father among the denominations representing this nation.

Thus, please allow us to bind the divided denominations into one, and guide us to be able to represent Your overall grace. Please reveal the will that heaven has hidden from this nation, and let the day of blessing come soon when this nation can rejoice before the 2.4 billion humanity and boast of that will, beloved Father, we earnestly desire and wish for this.

Father, please have compassion on the many children gathered here today. They are all those who came at Your call, and they are the children who were driven to gather by You, so please govern them from front to back, left to right, and above and below.

Now, please allow there to be nothing in our hearts and bodies except for Your desired will, and allow there to be no trace of Satan, and let the roots of sin not remain.

Please allow this time to be one where we can be a humble group that does not boast before Your nature, centered on perfect and flawless goodness, and can bow down in meekness. We earnestly desire and wish for this.

Father, we believe that Your sons and daughters who are fighting with Your words everywhere are bowing down before You, so please protect them and grant them the same grace at this time.

Father, You have raised us up for this nation, encouraged us, and cooperated with us, so please allow us to be able to boast that we are the living sons and daughters of the Father and to testify that we are the sons and daughters standing at the center of life.

Father, please testify to the fact that we are held by Your hand, and allow this nation to be sanctified so that we can rescue this nation from the grasp of Satan. 

Thus, please raise us up before the overall will of the Father who wishes to grant national grace, so that this nation may stand without shame before You and lead us to You.

From the beginning to the end, please allow our hearts and bodies to resonate with the will that You and the Holy Spirit rejoice in, and please accept this entire gathering as a glorious offering. We earnestly pray and wish for this.

Please govern from the beginning to the end. We pray in the name of the Lord. Amen. 

225 
<Prayer (II)> Father! Many ancestors have shed blood to establish a center of Zion, worrying before You and fighting until now to settle their debts.

Father! At this time, please allow the glory of Zion to descend upon our hearts and let the joy of Zion, where You can eternally dwell, overflow in our hearts.

If we become the glorious sons and daughters through whom You can govern our bodies and hearts, we have no other desires, knowing that there is no greater hope than this.

However, if we are not held by the eternal hand of Your love, there will be no lonely and pitiful ones like us on this earth, nor will there be any wretched ones.

Father! Please protect and nurture Your sons and daughters who are weary from fighting, weary from persecution, and suffering from difficult circumstances with life and love during this hour.

At this time, our broken bodies and hearts have come before You, so Father, please have compassion and allow us to heal the wounds torn from our struggles even if only for this hour, and let us know the taste of love hidden in Your heart even if only for this hour. Thus, let us resemble the heart of heaven, let the whole be able to sing centered on the glory of heaven, let the whole be able to rejoice centered on the glory of heaven, and let the whole bow down for the will of heaven during this hour. My Father, I truly desire and wish for this.

Father! You are the one who has driven us, lonely, into various paths, and You are the one who has caused us to appeal to heaven from a wretched place without anyone knowing, so please allow them to be comforted at this time. 

Behind the arduous path walked by Your sons and daughters who are bowing down today, there are still bloody footprints left, and tears of sorrow are helping their prayers. Father, please have compassion on them.

May the hope we have from this day, the oneness we have from this day, and the love of the Father felt from this day inspire hope and allow us to overcome the challenges of tomorrow's struggles, and let us be able to overcome the walls of curses from countless enemies in our life journey. Thus, may only the heart of peace...
Please allow our hearts to become the center. May our desperate hearts toward victory become the core of our lives, so that we may boldly raise the banner of battle on behalf of this nation. Please allow us to hold up the words of victory granted by heaven as a shield, and may we not become those who harbor old sorrows today and tomorrow. As we are ignited by the eternal love of the Father, may we become sons and daughters who can repel the accusing enemy Satan. Loving Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.

O Father who guides this lonely platform, the sons and daughters who follow you are also in lonely and pitiful places. Today, may you be the entirety of their lives, the entirety of goodness, and the entirety of hope, comforting, leading, and loving them.

This time has come to be an end, and we know that human words are not needed, nor are words through people necessary, and that there is no need for a purpose centered on people. We know that only the words of your love that move through the pulse of eternal life are needed. Even if the sons and daughters gathered on this day are in unstable positions where they cannot experience love, Father, please work, inspect with your fiery eyes, and let the core of joy hidden in our hearts be revealed. May we, who are seized by all kinds of fears, be allowed to come before you as repentant children.

If there are those who can hold onto your touch and appreciate your grace, please allow them to keep such hearts unchanged. May they be sons and daughters who can receive the seal of love before the holy Father. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.

Please bless the countless altars gathering for this nation today. We know that the voices of the saints who cry out to heaven in anguish, not knowing your will, are heard in heaven, so please relieve their grievances and bear their hearts, guiding them to uphold and fulfill your will at the end.

Moreover, there are many hidden brothers who are pioneering lonely paths unknown to others for the sake of your will, fighting against darkness, so please hasten the time when that darkness will retreat before this nation.

The movements of life were one, the movements of grace were one, and the manifestations of glory were one. Therefore, Father, please testify through them, and let the scattered altars be a fence, centering on your will, so that soon we may establish an altar of joy that can unite this nation. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.

Today, lonely sons and daughters are widely fighting with your words in the regions, so please be with them there as well. They are establishing an altar of victory with the spirit that they must win against the last enemies of 6,000 years, and they are fighting under your command for the time when you and your sons and daughters can enjoy together. Father, please be with them and manifest your direct work wherever they are. Please allow that environment to extend to the whole.

Now, in this one hour, Father, we earnestly ask you to grant the grace of joy and accept us, praying all these words in the name of our loving Lord. Amen.

<Word> At this time, I will briefly speak on the title "Jesus is the Protagonist of Cosmic Revolution."

God wished for humanity to be completed as the embodiment of newness. When observing the process of creation, it can be seen as a revolutionary process. During the six days of creation, all things were made, from the smallest insects to humans, and God created even higher and newer beings. By creating humans, God completed both the internal nature and external form of the higher God and desired that it would have a new and unchanging substance that the Father could eternally boast about, which you all know was the ideal of the Creator.

In this way, humanity was created as the eternal embodiment of newness that God could enjoy, representing all things, and it is indeed beautiful and good. You know that Adam and Eve, who were created in this way, were to enjoy the inherent goodness and internal glory of God through real life. However, Adam and Eve fell and did not understand this will. Fallen humanity has remained in a position where it cannot reveal the glory of newness on behalf of all that God created.

However, despite humanity's fall, God's will remains unchanging, and unless it is fulfilled, God cannot maintain the dignity of the Creator or demonstrate His authority. You understand well through the principle that the history of restoration and salvation is to rebuild this.

When heaven faces all things in the universe from this perspective, when will a precious being, a higher embodiment of newness that cannot be found between heaven and earth or among creatures, appear to reveal the entire image hidden within God and fulfill God's will? To meet such a thrilling and shocking day, God has set this one purpose and has been working tirelessly through the history of restoration until today.

Since the beginning of creation, God has given all creatures but could not change them, and the day when a new cosmic being will be found, allowing joy that has never been experienced before, will surely come. God is eagerly awaiting that day and that being.

God has already designed a world of creation ideals where He, humanity, and all things can enjoy and rejoice together, and He has already envisioned the ideal lifestyle. Thus, when the internal symbols of heaven and the external symbols of earth can rejoice together centered around a protagonist, heaven and earth can rejoice together. You know that heaven is working hard to find such a standard.

So what is the will that the Father requires? If there is a single will that cannot be let go of, even if it breaks all things in heaven and earth, it is the completed human being. Until humanity is completed, it must go through the principled laws of creation and become the embodiment of truth, but due to the fall, it has become an unprincipled reality. Therefore, humanity has the form of a human but cannot appear as a manifestation of God's eternal reality in its internal nature and external form.

For this reason, fallen humanity has the form of a human but has lost the form of creation ideals. God is reintroducing the form of creation ideals to this humanity. You also know well the history of heaven working hard to find a new reality.

Then who is the central being, the embodiment of hope, who came to fulfill this? It was Jesus Christ. Until Jesus was sent, God worked for 4,000 years.

God sent Jesus as a new being who could finally interact with all things, but humanity did not treat Jesus as the embodiment of God's desires and instead repeated the fallen history of opposition.

In order to find the lost standard of goodness, God gathered people under the accusations of Satan through 4,000 years of history and created a national foundation. Therefore, this national foundation was to be a platform for Jesus, who could represent God and all things, but Jesus went his way, and the nation went its way. Here, our mission and God's mission were determined.

In order to recreate the universe centered on God, the Jewish people were to welcome Jesus Christ, sent as the representative being of all, but they could not do so. As a result, the mission of Jesus, who became the protagonist of all, vanished, and God's sorrow was further compounded.

What Jesus spoke to the Jewish people at that time and all that he manifested was not his own will. Whose will was it? It was the will of heaven. Jesus represented the will of God's providence. However, there was a conflicting debate between the people under the fallen authority who were to receive God's will through Jesus and Jesus himself.

When God's word appears in this fallen world, if it appears before a nation, it will be a word that can revolutionize the nation; if it appears to an individual, it will be a word that can revolutionize the individual; and if it appears in the world, it will be a word that can revolutionize the world and also renew heaven and earth. However, the Jewish people at that time did not understand this.

The people of Israel believed that the laws given through Moses for 4,000 years and the covenant given to Jacob could fulfill their ideals and represent the whole. However, God worked to gradually elevate them from the lowest level. After going through the restorative Old Testament history, they did not realize that they were going through the principled course of creation, advancing toward the completion stage through the growing New Testament era. Therefore, the words of Jesus were words of life that the people of that time could not accept. They were new words higher than the Old Testament law, words to establish new values and relationships.

What Jesus desired was to fulfill the overall creation ideals of God. Therefore, when he came to this earth and walked the path of cosmic will, there was a process of elevating fallen humanity to its original position, and this process involved countless struggles and revolutionary processes that you must understand today, as you are in the end times.

What is the hope of this revolutionary Jesus Christ? It is not the hope you have in this land where you live today. It is a hope that can connect to the infinite kingdom of God beyond the world.

This hope is the hope of Jesus and also the hope of God united with Jesus. Therefore, humanity must understand that God placed His hope in Jesus and sought to reveal His will through him.

What was the appearance of Jesus, who appeared before the Jewish people and represented the overall will of God? He appeared as the protagonist of a new truth that had never existed in history. Many people have cried out for truth, but that was only truth on an individual level. They may have claimed it was a truth that could represent nations and all countries, but in reality, it did not become such a truth. Therefore, Jesus Christ was the one who appeared with the truth that could shine again on heaven and earth. Thus, the words spoken by Jesus Christ were the highest value of that time and world, new and revolutionary.

If the Jewish people who longed for God's will had understood this revolutionary truth, they would have wanted to abandon their past lives and embrace this truth.

The Jewish nation, which should have stood in this position, broke the day they were to achieve. We must not surpass this. We have the mission to untie what is bound. The sacrifices arise because they could not uphold the truth of Jesus Christ.

God established one nation and set a center within that nation to express God's internal heart through the cosmic truth. However, the people of Israel did not know this fact.

Jesus was to reveal the eternal truth over a period of more than 30 years, but due to their disbelief, he was abandoned. Therefore, until humanity finds the embodiment of the word, they must pursue the cosmic new truth that Jesus Christ sought to proclaim on this earth on behalf of God's will and heart.

Today, believing saints must fulfill the hope of Jesus Christ. The words testified by Jesus should have appeared as national and global words at that time. However, because they did not appear as global words, Christianity became a religion of suffering.

If the words spoken by Jesus Christ had appeared as the central words that could save this earth at that time, they could have demonstrated God's authority. If there were individuals following Jesus, a nation following Jesus, and a world following Jesus, the Jesus who bore the responsibility of God's will would have fulfilled that will on this earth. However, there were no such individuals, nations, or worlds before Jesus.

And the loving disciples, loving families, loving denominations, and loving nations that should have united with Jesus around his words to experience God's heart and uphold God's will were in a position of treating Jesus with the truth they knew from their denominational perspective. Thus, as a result, they split apart according to their own ways.

So now, what does Jesus require of you, the saints of the end times? He wishes for us to become cosmic beings, overcoming our shameful selves, and has proclaimed the cosmic truth.

Jesus came to this earth as an individual, but he was not an ordinary individual; he was the one who represented all of creation. He was the one who embodied the entire truth of the creation principles of the whole created world.

What does Jesus require of us? Although he came as such a valuable being, he could not become the protagonist of value or the protagonist of the universe. Therefore, you must achieve this cosmic purpose of value. When we believe in Jesus, we can personally meet the truth through the spirit of Jesus. Thus, as you go through spiritual history, when infinite grace descends, you must not recognize it merely as a personal grace. It must extend from personal grace to environmental grace, denominational grace, and ultimately to global grace. Only then can we return.

When grace descends upon us, we must not regard it as merely a personal gift from our own thoughts. If you receive grace from a personal standpoint and claim to have obtained truth through Jesus Christ, you must not only digest it as your own but also take responsibility for this truth and spread it to the world.
I will go. If I move forward with the world in this way, it will be my gift and at the same time a gift of heaven and earth. However, if your faith concept is only about saving yourself, you will remain stuck in the idea of personal salvation.

Now, if the overflowing gift in your hearts remains personal, you will repeat the mistake of the ancient Jewish people who crucified Jesus Christ. If the truth I have gained remains a religion for saving just one life, it cannot fulfill the hope of Jesus Christ.

Through individuals, families, societies, and the world, the words of Jesus Christ, who speaks with the center of hope that reaches the providence of heaven, must enable the history of resurrection and rebirth through your personal gifts. It is essential that personal, national, and global salvation is accomplished through you.

You must clearly understand that personal salvation, national salvation, global salvation, and cosmic salvation still remain. When you give thanks before the Father, you should not only express personal gratitude but also gratitude on familial, social, national, and global levels. Furthermore, if you repent, you must become individuals who can repent from personal repentance to familial repentance, national repentance, global repentance, and repentance for heaven and earth.

Now is the time to go beyond the concept of personal salvation, beyond the concept of familial salvation, beyond the concepts of social and national salvation, and beyond the concept of global salvation. Only then will global atonement begin through you.

If the Jewish people had the concept of national salvation and even reached the concept of global salvation, Jesus would have saved all humanity through this Jewish people. 

The words of Jesus are the words of cosmic revolution. The gospel of Jesus Christ, which has borne fruit through historical processes, is the word of truth. It transcends the entire history and lives of our ancestors and was the word that could grant you salvation. You must realize that such words of Jesus are indeed the words of cosmic revolution.

When Jesus Christ came to this earth, He stood against all the legalism that had been believed until then. He proclaimed, "Through me, all laws must be fulfilled." The Israelites did not understand the meaning of these words containing Jesus' cosmic faith and cosmic values, which is why they killed Him.

These words were cosmic words in that era. In terms of love, Jesus also spoke words of cosmic revolution. He said, "Anyone who does not love me more than anyone else is not worthy of me. And anyone who does not love me cannot be my disciple." From this, we can see that in order to seek the truth until the cosmic ideal that God envisioned is achieved, one must go through a cosmic journey.

In establishing relationships between humans and between humans and God, the most important aspect is cosmic love. However, because humans could not relate to God with cosmic love, they ended up relating to the love of the archangel. Thus, humans lost the power to pierce through the door of love centered on the ideal love with God. To pierce through this door of love again, strength is needed.

When Jesus said, "Love me more than anyone else," what was the purpose? It was not for Jesus Himself to be loved. When humans believe that word and love Jesus, He holds them with a stronger power than the power held by Satan, raising them to the place where they can exchange original love with God. That is why He said, "Love me more than anyone else." This word was a prophetic word of revolution.

In this way, Jesus initiated a revolution of truth and, through His death on the cross, initiated a revolution of heavenly love. This was a love that replaced not only individual love but also familial, social, national, and global truths. It was a revolution of love that replaced the universe.

However, today's love in the world is centered on oneself. It is either love centered on the nation or love centered on the individual. Until now, it has been a matter of loving one's own country or loving one's own family. There has been no love that transcends the nation or national authority.

Yet, God's and Jesus' hope is not for one nation or one country. It is to establish an ideal world where heaven and earth can become one centered on God. That is why the love presented by Jesus is not worldly love or love on a national or ethnic level centered on oneself, but a love that connects to heaven and earth beyond the world.

Revolution of truth, revolution of love. 

So what was the true path that Jesus established through the words of the gospel? To what extent are you practicing love today? Jesus Christ did not stand before individuals. He did not stand before families or nations. Thus, the protagonist of cosmic love, Jesus, faced persecution from families and nations.

All the beings of heaven and earth, all creatures that have not felt God's love until now, were destined to establish a bond of love through Jesus. The responsibility to establish this bond lay with Jesus.

So what kind of love did Jesus pioneer and establish? It is a love that is the exact opposite of worldly love. Human love is at best love for the country, but the love of Jesus Christ is cosmic love. It is a love that transcends the individual, the nation, the world, and reaches up to heaven.

So what kind of love is God's love? It is a love that encompasses both sides. It is not just loving oneself but also loving even enemies. Therefore, we must become individuals who can love God while also loving our enemies.

What kind of love is the love of Jesus Christ? It is a love that even cares for Satan. Knowing that loving even Satan is God's love, Jesus set this standard and commanded, "Love your enemies" (Matthew 5:44). Therefore, we must establish this standard of cosmic love on this earth. If we cannot accomplish this until we die, we must have the heart to establish this standard through our descendants.

And now you must live a life of gratitude. You should think that you are alive because of the grace and love of Christ, and because of the grace and love of heaven, and live a life of gratitude before Christ and heaven. It is a blessing to have been saved, but it is also a blessing to fulfill the cosmic mission of Jesus Christ, and it is a blessing to live to complete the love of Jesus Christ.

You must understand the cosmic love that Jesus Christ had when He forgave and loved His enemies even while dying on the cross, representing families and nations. You must also understand the heart of Jesus, who looked at His enemies with a heart of love, overcoming sorrow.

Jesus Christ said on the cross, "It is finished" (John 19:30), and until He said that, you must understand that Jesus Christ forgot His own sadness and injustice to fulfill the will of heaven. In seeking to reclaim cosmic life through His own body, Jesus Christ forgot His own pain and injustice and overcame all suffering. Therefore, the life of Jesus Christ was not a life lived for Himself alone, but a life lived to establish not only the nation and country but also the kingdom of God.

Saints who must fulfill the end days. 

Today, you are engaged in the movement to find the life of Jesus Christ, and in the democratic world, you are working to resurrect the name of Jesus Christ. It does not matter whether a nation is blessed with great gifts and responsibilities or not; it is the same. The gospel of Jesus Christ remains on this earth, and there are new cosmic truths, love, and life that have not existed on this earth. Such cosmic truth, cosmic love, and cosmic life can become yours.

If there is anyone who has worked hard to save humanity, there is no one more pitiful than Jesus. The words of Jesus were words that represented the world. They were the words of truth that should have been spread on the earth, the words of heaven that should have been accepted on the earth, and the words of cosmic life that should have been sown on the earth, yet they were not accepted, and Jesus, who came, was denied. Because the people of Jesus' time did not believe in His words, Jesus was left alone.

God has worked hard for 6,000 years, and if the protagonist of life and truth who can alleviate this hard work comes to this earth, all conscientious people on earth will long for Him. If there are people seeking the path of morality on this earth, if there are people seeking the path of life, they will walk with Him. This is the standard that heaven hopes for, yet today humans live with standards of personal love and individualism. The ancient Jews also lived with such hearts, which is why they crucified Jesus Christ. You must be well aware that this continues even after Jesus.

Now we need new words, new life, and new love that can replace heaven and earth. However, it is not only ideological words that are needed; we need words that can be actualized.

Therefore, on this end day, you must awaken. You must save the nation and the world with new truth, life, and love, and you must resolve the 6,000 years of resentment of heaven and earth.

* 
Look, the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world. 
Matthew 5:43-48, John 1:19-34

<Prayer (I)> Father who promised the resurrection of life, Father who granted the gift of love, Father who gave eternal life! On this day, may You not be far away but be in our hearts, in our bodies, and around us! We have hearts that admire Your love, hearts that want to be immersed in Your love, and hearts that want to sing of Your glory.

At this time, Father who has come to us, please reveal the glory that brings joy. So that we can also transform into beings that can rejoice, and can harmonize with our true nature, and can harmonize with all things, we must correct each one's body and mind in this glorious atmosphere.

Father of promise! Please move this time. Father of power! Please reveal Yourself at this time. Though we are insignificant, we know that when we step out in obedience to Your command, the power to pioneer the path of eternal life will arise. Father of love! At this time, do not hesitate, and command through our hearts and through our bodies.

Please help us find the original form that You created. So that You can enjoy seeing that beauty, and we can stand proudly before all creatures of heaven and earth, and be able to boast as Your sons and daughters, please protect and establish us at this time.

November 25, 1956 (Sunday), Former Headquarters Church.

<Prayer (II)> Father who has worked hard to gather us, we have come together today centered around this holy temple. Please allow our humble hearts and bodies to unite so that we can fulfill Your command. Our prostrated bodies must become a holy temple.

When we realize that we are the forms of hope that have come out after long periods of sighing, we understand that You are truly in a pitiful position. We also come to know the circumstances of the Father who has endured all kinds of humiliation while carrying out the providential work until now.

You are the Father who has endured all kinds of humiliation, and You are the Father who has come forth patiently, looking at the hopeful sons and daughters. When we think of this at this time, we realize how insignificant we are. However, we have come out with a humble heart before that will and have come out with the desire to resolve the Father's resentment.

For this reason, we are in a position where we must go through the path of struggle yesterday, today, and tomorrow. We believe that the path we are trying to take is solely for the glory of the Father, so please come to us at this time. Please guide us to move only centered on heaven.
Behold the Lamb of God who carries the sins of the world. 

On this unbelievable land, I trust only in You, Father, and have come to this place relying on Your command in a land where I have no other place to lean on. Father, today I see the Lamb of God who carries the sins of the world.

I cannot help but worry about Your providence, and I cannot help but worry about tomorrow's providence. May today's gratitude become eternal gratitude, and may the voice that calls You today become a voice that calls You forever. Until we can sing the song of glory with all creation, please protect and keep us, beloved Father, I earnestly wish and desire this.

Father, the time and season are not far off, and Your sons and daughters are being urged from heaven. I feel Your heart, which is anxious because the time and season are urgent, but I also feel pity for Your sons and daughters of this new age who must establish new things in a world of darkness and disbelief.

Father! At this time, please release our anxious hearts. Knowing that the concern of heaven is exceedingly great, we wish to bear that concern and fight with all our strength for the remaining purpose of restoration. Father! Please look upon us and be comforted. May the sorrows of the nation and the sorrows of the church be comforted through us.

Father, allow us to go toward a ray of life that can bring joy. Quickly gather Your sons and daughters scattered everywhere into one place, and grant us permission to build the altar of victory, the altar of glory, and the altar of righteousness. Through the nation and through all humanity, please allow us to fulfill Your one purpose, beloved Father, I earnestly wish and desire this.

Among the children who have come to this place, are there any who are still caught in the conditions of Satan's accusations or harboring feelings of resentment? Father, please allow there to be no such children. If there are such children, at this time, through the work of power, through the work of strength, grant them the gift of repentance and the gift of resurrection so that they may be moved in their hearts. Father! I earnestly wish and desire this.

I entrust the remaining time to You, so please remove our sorrow and govern us with glory. May only the gift of joy, which You can personally claim and boast about, be abundantly granted upon our heads and in our hearts and bodies. I earnestly wish and desire this. I entrust everything to You, so please take care of it. I pray in the name of the Lord. Amen.

<Prayer (III)> Father, I realize that there are still hills to overcome before all people due to Your command. Today, we are in a position where we must fight to remove our imperfection before Your perfection, and we have a destiny to overcome the principles and standards of immutable truth.

Now is the time for us to present ourselves before the entire universe, and when we think that each of us has a historical destiny to govern creation in the likeness of Your perfect image, I realize that today I must replace the sighs of the eternal Father, today I must testify to the love of the eternal Father, and today I must spread Your word in the dark world and fulfill the mission of restoration.

However, our faith life until today has not been a life we can present before You, Father, so at this time, please allow us to repent and awaken ourselves.

We place all our concerns, claims, and intentions before the glorious will of the Father, completely eliminating our existence, and we must recover the self that is the eternal being, resembling the character of the perfect Father, and we must restore ourselves to be able to dwell in the glory of the Father. Therefore, please do not allow us to regress on this path of struggle today.

Through our daily lives and throughout our lives, please allow us to be beautiful sons and daughters who can be the glory of Your joy and be worthy of Your delight. Father, I earnestly wish and desire this.

This time reflects the period of restoration, and it is a time when we must overcome the historical standards of judgment just like in the days of Jesus. When we think that a new purpose is being presented before Judaism and that the history of testimony by John the Baptist at the Jordan River is unfolding globally, we realize that the mission of John the Baptist remains as our mission in the later generations.

Now, we must prepare the foundation of heavenly rest for each of us, so that Jesus Christ can give glory to the Father without the invasion of sin and Satan in the garden of good will, which we must establish as a resting place where we can hold hands and unite our hearts to sing.

For this responsibility, You have called us today, and for this work, You have chosen us today, so please do not allow us to be sons and daughters who leave behind sorrow and grief before Your chosen purpose.

We know that due to the failure of John the Baptist, the resentment of eternity has permeated history, and now we have received the call from heaven and have been chosen by heaven. Therefore, today, as we stand before Your throne, please allow us to create a foundation of providence that can complete the overall purpose of providence in the universe. Thus, please allow us to fulfill the remaining mission on a perfect foundation.

If today we cannot be qualified to worship before the dignified image of the Father with a free heart and free body, please allow us to realize that we are still filled with the resentment of restoration. When we place our whole body and mind before You and raise our hands to call You Father, Father! Please hold us with Your loving hands and guide us to receive the title of sons and daughters of Your glory.

So that we can sing the glory of joy in the garden of joy, and sing the glory of victory of Hosanna over the entire universe, and be sons and daughters who can give glory to the coming Lord. I earnestly wish and desire this.

Please allow us to reflect on the day You sent Jesus Christ, who came to resolve the sorrows of history. When we realize that the path Jesus walked is not only His path but also the example we must follow at the end, we feel our hearts heavy and cannot help but feel our bodies succumb to our hearts. Therefore, please allow us to be the faithful servants of the Father who will bear this purpose, even if we have to struggle with our own bodies before the precious will. Father! I earnestly wish and desire this.

I entrust everything to You, so please allow the hearts of the messenger and the recipient to become one. At this time, I fear that Satan will work through the hearts of those who doubt, so please first allow that doubt to be broken.

If there are those who, without realizing it, are led into darkness because Satan's power is acting and their hearts cannot move according to Your commanded word, and they cannot be submerged in the gifts of the Holy Spirit, please allow them to repent through the gift of compassion.

Thus, please allow us to be immersed in the ideal of eternal life filled with Your love. I earnestly ask that during this hour, the history of Your life, the history of Your love, and the history of Your power may be manifested along with Your word. I pray all these things in the name of the Lord. Amen.

<Word> 
Behold the Lamb of God who carries the sins of the world. 

I will speak on the purpose of God's providence and the mission of humanity. 

The 4,000 years of history from the fall until the coming of Jesus was not a history of goodness but a history of sin. Many prophets came to this earth and fought against sin for 4,000 years, but they could not completely resolve the remaining sins. Thus, the providence was extended until the 4,000 years due to their failures in fighting against sin.

The purpose of God's providence is to completely resolve this sin. Therefore, until the day this sin is completely resolved, the history of struggle cannot cease, and the history of restoration cannot cease. And God cannot help but send His beloved children as workers of providence.

Thus, in order to fulfill His will, God established Noah's family instead of the fallen family of Adam. However, due to the failure of Noah's family, He established Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and then Moses to represent the nation. After that, He went through King Saul, King David, King Solomon, the four major prophets, and the twelve minor prophets, until reaching John the Baptist.

Now there remains a mission that humanity must fulfill before heaven, and what is that mission? Because humanity has fallen and has sown the roots of sin, it is to subdue Satan, who is the root of sin, and to give glory and goodness to God. In order to find and establish such people, God has worked for 4,000 years.

What was the mission that John the Baptist had when he came to this earth? It was to testify to and serve Jesus Christ. 

Jesus Christ was established in the position of the unfallen, perfect Adam, so He was able to give glory to heaven from birth. And through Him, God could find joy. God sent Jesus Christ to boast before all humanity and before Satan.

Therefore, Jesus Christ should not have walked the path of suffering from birth. He was to be the glorious mediator who would give joy to God on behalf of humanity from birth, the mediator of love, and the mediator of goodness. However, the people of this earth could not support such Jesus Christ.

Thus, while He should have been filled only with goodness and joy, because John the Baptist could not take responsibility before Jesus, Satan invaded Jesus, as you well know through the principles.

So what mission remains for us today, who are at the end times? It is the mission to fulfill the mission of John the Baptist. In other words, as victorious sons and daughters who came to represent the 4,000 years of history, we must become good people who can rejoice with Jesus. This is a mission you must not forget.

God's sorrow was that Satan dragged Jesus around and tempted Him. And after Jesus came and went, for 2,000 years, the reason we had to fight against Satan was that the Jews at that time disbelieved, and also because John the Baptist, who came with the new mission of testimony, made mistakes.

Now, at this end-time period, you must fight against sin. And you must know that you are in the position of John the Baptist, who fought against Satan for 4,000 years. You must fight to subdue Satan on behalf of the 6,000 years and fulfill the mission of John the Baptist. Therefore, you must ensure that there are no traces of Satan within yourselves. This responsibility remains with you. If you cannot fulfill this responsibility, the returning Lord cannot relate to you.

Originally, the garden of God's creation was a garden without traces of Satan. Therefore, in order to realize God's ideal of creation on this earth, we must subdue Satan and rise to the level of the unfallen, perfect Adam. If we do not become beings who can represent God's glory and boast before Satan, we cannot resolve the resentment that Jesus Christ faced when tempted by Satan.

Because humanity has fallen, Satan has ravaged humanity and dominates the entire earth. To reverse this, it must be based on the principle of indemnity. Since humanity has been ravaged by Satan, even if Jesus does not help, even if the Holy Spirit does not help, and even if God does not help, humanity must be able to subdue Satan by their own strength. Humanity must be able to overcome the conditions of sin presented by Satan. Only then can they become victorious sons and daughters.

If you cannot become sons and daughters who can fight and win against the cosmic Satan alone, you will have no relationship with Jesus.

This path is a fateful path that we cannot avoid. Even if we cannot go alive, we must go even in death.

Jesus Christ, when He could not fulfill the will He had to accomplish while alive, has been waiting for 2,000 years until today for glorious sons and daughters who can replace His essence.

When we think of this, we realize that the 6,000 years of history has not been a history of glory. It has not been a glorious history before God. And as long as Jesus and the Holy Spirit are still fighting against Satan, as long as the sons and daughters who follow the will of Jesus and the Holy Spirit are being tested by Satan, we cannot say that God's original ideal of creation has been realized on this earth.

For this reason, the resentment that has permeated the earth remains as God's resentment, and the new history to resolve the resentment on earth has become the cross of God, the cross of Jesus Christ, the cross of the Holy Spirit, and the cross of those who believe today.

Until now, we have lived under the protection and commands of the Holy Spirit, under the protection and commands of Jesus, and under the protection and commands of God. From now on, we must rather become those who can comfort the Holy Spirit, those who can comfort Jesus, and those who can comfort God.

The will of the Holy Spirit, the will of Jesus, and the will of God are not individual intentions. This will is intended to pass through individuals, through the world, and reach heaven and earth. Who will be the cosmic sons and daughters who can comfort the cosmic heart on behalf of this will? You must understand that heaven has been working to find such sons and daughters.

We must fight today and tomorrow to resolve the sins bound in history. You must approach the mountain of sin that you must overcome with a new determination, even if it means dedicating your life to it.

Just as Jesus testified to heaven and gave a new baptism despite the opposition of the legalists of Judaism and many Jewish people, we must do the same today. Now, we must transcend denominations at the final stage. And at the same time, we must become beings who can fight against Satan alone, transcending all thoughts of humanity.

Thus, if you win in all battles against Satan, the glory of heaven will be with you, and the joy of heaven will be with you.

We must fulfill the mission that John the Baptist had. 

Even at this time, there is a wall of sin blocking you. What kind of wall of sin is it? It is the wall of sin that has devoured the prophets and ancestors who loved God for 4,000 years, the sin that led Jesus Christ to be crucified. Therefore, if you cannot resolve that sin in your generation, you will not be the good sons and daughters without sin.
will be established. 

We must bear the responsibility of tearing down the walls of resentment that have accumulated in heaven due to the sins of humanity. If we cannot break down these walls of sin, we will not be able to enter the Kingdom of Heaven. This is something you must understand.

Today, if you stand in the position of the cosmic John the Baptist regarding God's will, you must be able to observe the cosmic sins. You must comfort Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit, and God, who have been laboring until now due to sin, by bearing alone the resentment of God's heart, the resentment of Jesus Christ, and the resentment of the Holy Spirit. If that one aspect that can lead to the day of rest does not appear among you, it will be of no use even if the Lord comes again to this earth.

We must fight against sin in place of John the Baptist in these last days. We must fulfill the mission of the cosmic John the Baptist on behalf of 6,000 years of history. Furthermore, we must experience the path of struggle of Jesus Christ.

What remains after Jesus Christ came and went is the principle of the cross. Through the principle of baptism, He sought to establish the standard of eternal victory by passing through the death of the cross, but He could only establish it spiritually.

Today, we have the mission to fulfill the John the Baptist-like, cosmic, and heavenly mission that combines both spirit and flesh. You must see the Lamb of God who bore the sins of the world, and understand the resentment of Jesus Christ, who did not receive glory from humanity. This mission existed for humanity, which is why Jesus and the Holy Spirit have been working for humanity for 2,000 years. However, today, believing saints do not know this fact. They have come to believe in Jesus and the Holy Spirit merely as servants for humanity and as errand runners.

Then, who is Satan? He is the archangel. Humanity, who was to dominate all things in the Garden of Eden, lost that dominion to the archangel and became unable to exercise it; that is the fall. Therefore, in the process of restoration, we must go through the position of dominating even Satan.

So, what must we do to walk that path? We must walk the same path as the life of John the Baptist and the life of Jesus Christ.

What path did Jesus Christ take to tear down the walls of sin? In these last days, you must not bypass the path that Jesus Christ took in your own life journey.

When Jesus Christ fought against Satan, He did not stand in a position of attacking sin to uproot cosmic sin. Jesus Christ did not take a position of attacking sin to eliminate it. Instead, He took the position of bearing that sin to subdue it. You must understand that this is the spirit of Jesus Christ.

Sin is evil and bad. There is a heart that possesses the nature of creation, and sin acts contrary to that. Jesus took on this sin to settle it. Moreover, when Jesus took on sin, it was not only from individuals but also from families, societies, nations, the world, and even the sins of spirits in the heavenly realm. You must understand that Jesus Christ bore the sins of countless spirits throughout the 4,000 years of history since creation.

He even had to bear the sins of spirits in hell. This is because Jesus came in the position of the perfected Adam. Because Adam fell, that resentment spread even to heaven, so Jesus had to pull down and bury everything that arose due to the fall.

Thus, the life of Jesus, who pioneered a new path, was the opposite of the life of the satanic world. Knowing that the elements and essence of the satanic world have no hope, He taught the principles of gentleness and humility. Therefore, the truth of Christianity was a truth that separated from the world. The truth of Christianity is such that it stands in opposition to the world.

Jesus had to bear the sins that were to come without committing them, turning back to take them upon Himself because of the providential circumstances. Jesus Christ was the pitiful one who suffered the pain of the cross until the time He would triumph over all cosmic sin. Even today, He is in that place but cannot rest. There is a desire in the heart of someone on this earth who wishes to take responsibility for all those sins.

When we think of the life of Jesus Christ, who came to bear the sins of humanity, we can see that throughout His more than 30 years on this earth, He experienced all the hardships that humanity faces. He placed Himself in the position of the poor to bear the sins of the poor, and He placed Himself in the position of the hungry to bear the sins of the hungry, and He placed Himself in the position of the lonely to bear the sins of the lonely.

Thus, after Jesus was in a position to bear individual sins, He sought to bear familial sins. He appeared before families to bear familial sins, but those families opposed Him. His beloved parents opposed Him, and even His siblings opposed Him.

Furthermore, Jesus was rejected by the Jewish community. This was because He had to bear not only familial sins but also communal sins. Even Pilate and King Herod rejected Jesus. They pushed Jesus to the cross because His will was different from their hopes. However, until the day He died, Jesus did not blame those enemies but rather prayed for their blessings. You must engrave this image of Jesus deeply in your hearts today.

Jesus was born in a stable. He started from the lowest and most humble position and advanced to the highest position of being the Son of God. Jesus came for the people of this earth, and He came for those who believe in God on this earth.

But who were Jesus' friends? Even His beloved three disciples fell asleep while He prayed in the Garden of Gethsemane. When He was to go towards the summit of the cross, it was a time to unite hearts, but the three disciples took a position unrelated to that situation.

Jesus realized that He bore the mission to take on all the sins of the universe, and He accepted any whipping with gratitude, and He accepted any blame and ridicule with gratitude.

You must understand that Jesus did not seek to eliminate sin by striking it down but rather sought to bear all cosmic sins related to Satan upon Himself.

However, because sin has not yet been completely settled, Jesus Christ is still working to settle that sin.

Even if you face persecution and rejection, you must maintain an unwavering faith.

If you have Jesus as your Savior, you must reflect on how much sin you have borne before the Savior you believe in. How much have you tried to carry the weight of sin? You must be able to experience the same environment that Jesus lived in.

If you are in a position to bear personal and familial sins at the end of the century, there will come a time when you will be personally persecuted. There will also come a time when you will be persecuted as a family. Just as Jesus faced personal, familial, and communal opposition, Christians today who are in the last days will also face such opposition. Furthermore, there will be a religion that will face societal, national, and global opposition.

And the struggle of Jesus Christ to settle the sins of humanity has not yet been completely concluded; there will be believers who will take on all cosmic sins on behalf of Jesus Christ, facing blame from individuals, families, societies, nations, and even spirits in the spiritual realm. Moreover, they will also face blame from the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. History is moving towards this one suffering. You must understand this.

Those who believed in the Old Testament became enemies before Jesus. Similarly, today, those who believe in Jesus can easily stand in the position of enemies before the new providence of God.

When Jesus Christ said on the cross, "My God, my God, why have You forsaken me?" (Matthew 27:46), it was because God did not recognize Jesus Christ in that moment of final judgment.

In the same way, when you try to take responsibility for all the sinful history up to now by offering your body, God will say He does not know you. Nevertheless, you must have an unchanging faith, just as Jesus did on the cross. If you think you have offered your one and only body for the purpose, you must already consider yourself as one who is dead. This revolutionary faith is the mission of a Christian.

So, do you have people opposing you today? You should be grateful to them. Do you have a family opposing you? You should be grateful to that family. And do you have a denomination opposing you? You should be grateful to that denomination. Even if the nation and the world oppose you, you must be grateful. Furthermore, even if the spiritual realm and the physical realm oppose you, and even if heaven does not recognize you, you must maintain an eternal and unchanging heart. You must have a faith that will not change.

Even if Satan, who caused the fall of Adam and Eve, opposes you, and even if Jesus, the Holy Spirit, and God do not recognize you, a believer must emerge who has unwavering faith. This is the mission that remains in the end, but today, 2.4 billion people, Christians who believe in Jesus, do not clearly understand this. And just because you have become an individual with such faith does not mean it is the end. You must create such families, societies, nations, and worlds. If you do not become a believer with such faith, you will have no relation to God's will. The path for Jesus to come to you as the bridegroom will be blocked.

Overcome persecution with love and achieve victory.

The love of Jesus represents the love of God. And God's love is a love that cannot be broken by any being in the universe. You must receive this love of God. To do so, you must become victorious sons and daughters who can boldly bear all the sins of the world that are cast upon you and who can withstand the trials of Satan without being overcome by them. Otherwise, you will have no relation to the love of God, who works as the center of the power of the universe and the center of existence.

Therefore, just as Jesus suffered injustice because of humanity but wept for them instead, many saints who can do the same must emerge among the believing saints at the end of days. If there are many such saints, there will be no divisions among denominations. And even without martyrdom, due to the workings of conscience, the workings of truth, and the workings of heavenly principles, the whole universe will have no choice but to move in accordance with those saints.

Only by standing in such a position can we establish the standard of victory, build victorious families, victorious altars, and victorious worlds, and connect victory to heaven. You must keep in mind that you have that responsibility.

And the struggles that arise centered around you today, everything that happens centered around you, is not limited to you alone. Therefore, you must be cautious. If you make a mistake, it will affect the whole.

Now, you must not become a hindrance to God's will. You must walk the path of sacrifice for the whole.

And if there are good people, you must treat them well. Even if there are evil people, you must be able to care for them more than for yourself. You must become such individuals and carry the cross of suffering to create such families, societies, and worlds. You must become someone who endures and triumphs to represent the heart of Jesus Christ and fulfill God's will. 

**God's Providence and Supernatural Adventure**
Luke 22:24-46
<Prayer (I)> Heavenly Father, who has been working tirelessly for all of humanity to tear down the walls of resentment that have accumulated in heaven until this day! We now understand that we must tear down the walls of resentment in our hearts, and through resolving that resentment on this earth, we can establish a connection with heaven.

Please allow us to remember that You are calling us today. You have established us as representatives of You before all of humanity, and as Your sons and daughters. Now, please allow only Your glory to be revealed through our bodies, and let only Your goodness and righteousness be manifested in our movements.

So that wherever we gather, we can harmonize around Your love, and may the victorious song that glorifies You fill the heavens and the earth, we earnestly hope and wish, beloved Father.

Heaven is not forgetting us at this time, and is calling us, commanding us with the will of desire You have for us. Today, we have become beings who can respond to that call and can become offerings of harmony before You, but when we think about whether we have become such beings, we realize that we are still in an immature, incomplete, and inadequate state.

Now, we open our hearts and repent again, and by becoming offerings of sanctification, allow the deep resentment in heaven to be resolved through us, and let us be Your sons and daughters who can meet such a joyful day, we earnestly hope and wish, Father.

The final barrier of difficulty in the last days is placed before us, and we must fight with our lives at stake on this path of struggle. Please do not allow us to become foolish and cowardly beings who fall while harboring resentment from heaven in this struggle, we earnestly hope and wish, Father.

This body and heart are already prepared, and I wish to offer them as a sacrifice, so please accept us without any shortcomings, and allow us to be sons and daughters who can entrust everything to You as an offering and wait for Your commands, we earnestly hope and wish, beloved Father.

Father, this time is a holy time. Father, this day is a holy day. Father, let this entire year become a holy year, and bless Your sons and daughters gathered here on behalf of this nation. Ignite the hidden flames of the Holy Spirit in heaven and pour down the workings of the Holy Spirit promised for the last days. Pour it out abundantly. Father, allow many sons and daughters who can tear down the walls of resentment to emerge. So that wherever we gather, we can become hidden altars and manifest altars, and achieve victory in the cosmic battle, Father, please grant this, and in response to Your direct commands, let us achieve victory in the cosmic battle and establish the beacon of victory before You.
그를 도와줄 수 있었겠습니까? 아브라함은 혼자서 모든 것을 포기하고 새로운 길을 걸어갔습니다. 그는 하나님께서 약속하신 땅으로 향하는 길에서 많은 고난과 시련을 겪어야 했습니다. 그러나 그는 그 모든 것을 견디며 믿음을 가지고 나아갔습니다.

이러한 아브라함의 믿음은 후에 그의 자손들에게 큰 축복이 되었고, 그는 믿음의 조상으로 불리게 되었습니다. 그의 삶은 하나님과의 관계를 통해 이루어진 모험의 연속이었습니다. 그는 자신의 모든 것을 하나님께 맡기고, 그분의 인도하심을 따르기로 결심했습니다.

이처럼, 노아와 아브라함의 삶은 우리에게 큰 교훈을 줍니다. 그들은 하나님께서 주신 사명을 수행하기 위해 모든 것을 포기하고 새로운 길을 걸어갔습니다. 그들의 믿음과 결단은 결국 그들의 삶을 통해 하나님의 뜻이 이루어지는 길이 되었습니다.

우리는 오늘날 그들의 발자취를 따라가야 합니다. 하나님께서 우리에게 주신 사명과 비전을 이루기 위해서는 때로는 고난과 시련을 견뎌야 할 것입니다. 그러나 우리는 그 과정에서 하나님께서 함께 하신다는 것을 믿고 나아가야 합니다. 우리의 믿음이 강해질수록, 우리는 더 큰 모험을 감당할 수 있는 능력을 얻게 될 것입니다.

하나님께서 우리를 부르신 이유는 단순히 우리 개인의 구원이나 축복을 위해서가 아닙니다. 우리는 이 땅에서 하나님의 뜻을 이루기 위해 부름받은 존재입니다. 우리의 삶이 하나님의 영광을 드러내고, 세상에 하나님의 사랑과 진리를 전하는 도구가 되기를 소망합니다.

이제 우리는 이 모험의 길을 함께 걸어가야 합니다. 하나님께서 우리에게 주신 사명에 충실하며, 서로를 격려하고 지지하는 공동체가 되어야 합니다. 우리의 믿음이 더욱 깊어지고, 하나님과의 관계가 더욱 강화될 때, 우리는 이 세상에서 하나님의 뜻을 이루는 강력한 도구가 될 것입니다.

하나님께서 우리를 통해 이루고자 하시는 일들을 기대하며, 그분의 인도하심을 따라 나아갑시다. 아멘.
It is right. Could you say, "Since the path you take is just, please guide me"? Abraham set out with a heart that was unwavering in his intention, whether the world acknowledged it or not, leaving Chaldean Ur forever. Thus, as he moved his steps according to the guidance of heaven, he faced towering mountains and the peaks of death that blocked his way, yet he persevered and broke through them.

Abraham's Surreal Faith
God took Abraham, the eldest son of the idol merchant Terah, and placed him in such a position. Having been established in this way, Abraham made a firm resolution that even if my beloved parents hold me back, even if my beloved friends hold me back, even if my beloved siblings hold me back, my heart cannot change. It was not just that. When Abraham received the command to offer Isaac, whom he had received as a son at the age of one hundred, as a burnt offering to God, he obeyed. This command was an adventurous condition that had never existed in history. It represented a condition that replaced heaven and earth and governed countless matters of the celestial and terrestrial realms, yet without knowing this, Abraham, after receiving the command to offer Isaac as a sacrifice, intended to place his son on the altar and offer a sacrifice.

Consider Abraham, who was about to lift the knife to sacrifice his beloved son. This was truly a surreal act. Who at that time could have acknowledged such faith in Abraham? Abraham's adventurous action indicated that he belonged to heaven, and that his family and all his possessions must also obey God's command. Abraham realized this fact during the process of offering his only son as a burnt offering.

Thus, Abraham intended to offer Isaac with the heart that this son I have borne is yours, so I will give him to you. He overcame the realistic environment. You must understand the center of faith of these ancestors.

Jacob was the same, and so was Moses. God did not lead them on a smooth path when He established them. Jacob had to fight to take the birthright from Esau after his birth, and Moses was also caught in conditions of struggle from birth.

Moses Walking the Path of Adventure and Revolution
Moses was called by heaven during the time when the Israelite people were suffering for 400 years in the land of Egypt, under the rule of enemies. Thus, he was protected by his mother for three months and then taken into the palace by Pharaoh's daughter, living there for 40 years. You may think that Moses' life in Pharaoh's palace was luxurious and good. However, although Moses was in the Egyptian palace, he was not an Egyptian. He was increasingly filled with the realization that he was God's chosen people, representing Israel. Therefore, when Moses, who had lived alone with the integrity of Israel for 40 years, saw an Israelite being wronged by an Egyptian, he could not contain his righteous anger and struck down the Egyptian.

After leaving Pharaoh's palace, he began a shepherd's life in Midian, carrying the meaning of the blessings left for Israel in his heart. That life was not a comfortable one. No one at that time could understand Moses, who abandoned the luxurious palace of Pharaoh to live as a shepherd. However, Moses did not lose heart and built an unknown altar for heaven, a hidden altar for Israel. Because of this, when he turned 80, God chose him and made him the main character who could fulfill the nation's grievances.

Every step Moses took afterward was adventurous. Because he held the center of God's providence that transcended reality, his entire life was surreal, and everything he saw and fought for was surreal. When Moses received God's command and went to Pharaoh's palace, God should have blessed and protected him as he walked the path God commanded. Yet, God instead blocked Moses' path and sought to kill him. Why did God seek to block and kill Moses, who was going on His command? In reality, it was something that could not possibly happen. Here lies a content that we humans cannot understand.

From a realistic perspective, it was a mountain that could not be crossed. However, Moses, being already resolved, wished for only one thing to be fulfilled, whether he lived or died, and overcame the tests that blocked him from God and Satan. Thus, having assured the existence of God through surreal experiences, Moses performed more than ten miraculous signs and became a revolutionary of cosmic adventure, unprecedented in 4,000 years of history. You must understand that Moses led 600,000 Israelites with a surreal faith that did not yield to anyone's opposition. In this light, you must recognize that Moses' entire life was a path of surreal adventure.

Jesus, Who Prepared for the History of Adventure
After Moses, who represented the return of the nation, came Jesus, who came as the mission of the return of the world. Jesus understood that countless prophets and sages throughout the 4,000 years of history lived surreal lives to fulfill God's will. He keenly felt that His own body bore the responsibility to complete the will that the prophets and sages had come to fulfill but could not.

Reflecting on history, Jesus realized that the grievances of countless prophets and sages remained, and that the providence of restoration had not yet been concluded, and He resolved to conclude it. He had the determination to walk the surreal path of adventure to pave the way for the 4,000-year journey. You must understand that Jesus had the resolve to walk a path that could encompass the adventurous historical paths of countless prophets and sages.

Because Jesus bore the mission to settle the history of cosmic adventure, He walked the path of adventure from birth. His life was also a life of surreal adventure. Ultimately, even the path to death on the cross was a surreal path of adventure.

So, what was the foundation of Jesus' life? It was a life that summed up the 4,000 years of history, a life that concluded the adventurous path that had been filled with heavenly grievances until that time, and a life of surreal victory to establish a new foundation of victory that did not exist on earth.

The Obedience of Mary and Joseph
Now, you must understand that Jesus was born through the body of the Virgin Mary. If there had been no one like the Virgin Mary, who had an adventurous life, what would have happened to God's will? If there had been no heavenly woman like the Virgin Mary, Jesus Christ could not have been born. If there had been no foundation of an adventurous offering like Mary on earth, the birth of Jesus, who had to be born through an adventurous path with new life, would not have been possible.

When the angel appeared to the Virgin Mary and told her, "You will conceive and bear a son," Mary asked, "How can this be, since I do not know a man?" The angel replied, "For nothing will be impossible with God." At that time, Mary responded, "Behold, I am the servant of the Lord; let it be to me according to your word." This one statement represented a cosmic adventure.

At that time, if it became known that a virgin was pregnant, she would immediately be stoned to death according to the law established through Moses. Yet, Mary transcended the realities of her environment and said, "Lord, let it be according to your will. I am your servant, so let it be according to your will. Even if I die, I am yours; even if I perish, I am yours, so let it be according to your will." Heaven was able to give birth to Jesus because there was a substantial offering like Mary on earth.

Not only that, but there are many unknown paths of adventure in your faith life today. Joseph, who was informed through a dream that his betrothed Mary was pregnant, considered breaking off his engagement with Mary due to various human difficulties. The fact that his betrothed was pregnant brought Joseph many human troubles. However, Joseph took responsibility for everything that had happened and sought to save Mary. That was not an easy task. It was a surreal matter.

For this reason, you have the mission to walk the path that Jacob walked, the path that Joseph walked, and you have the mission to follow the path that Jesus walked, the path that Mary walked. Therefore, you must understand that such surreal scenes are laid before you, and that an adventurous mountain that can be crossed surreally lies ahead of you.

Jesus, Who Walked the Path of Surreal Adventure from Birth
Carrying the sorrows of 4,000 years of history, Jesus set out with the resolve to be sacrificed as an offering for the will, whether he lived or died. People did not recognize Him. They did not know that He was the Messiah, the Savior of all mankind. In this light, you must understand that Jesus was surreal from birth and lived a new idealistic life of adventure. You must recognize that this remains as an unfinished will required at the time of His second coming.

Looking at Jesus' life, there were concerns and worries about the will from the time He lived and grew up in the home of Joseph and Mary. He faced accusations and slander from His siblings. The life of Jesus over 30 years did not unfold as Joseph initially felt about Him. Joseph loved his own biological children more than Jesus. For this reason, you must understand that Jesus did not have a family environment that matched the social norms of that time.

Thus, having lived as a stepson, Jesus ultimately went to the cross, and all His life was a surreal life. Even while facing all the domestic conflicts, Jesus quietly overcame them. Finally, when He appeared with a purpose and testified that He was the Messiah of all, it was also not a reality.

Having transcended the legalistic level established by Judaism throughout history, Jesus brought forth a new heavenly gospel, and wherever He went, He was not welcomed in reality. Thus, Jesus stood in a position where He was rejected by His family, by John the Baptist, and by Judaism, with no place to rely on. However, you must understand that Jesus was not someone who sought comfort even in a place where He had no refuge.

Knowing God's will, Jesus proclaimed the new gospel of the New Testament. When John the Baptist first testified about Jesus, there was an environment where all the priests and scribes of Judaism could acknowledge Him. However, as He went through three years of public ministry, Jesus' position gradually fell, and in the end, only fishermen and insignificant women followed Him.

Before Jesus, who had to establish God's ideals, there should have been an eternal promise and an eternal will, yet in reality, such things could not be found. The heart of Jesus, who gathered over 5,000 people in the wilderness and blessed them, and the heart of Jesus who earnestly prayed at Lazarus' tomb, was a heart filled with sorrow that could not be compared to anyone on earth. 

Throughout 4,000 years of history, countless prophets and sages lived adventurous lives for God's will, fighting with solemn resolutions and inner sorrows, yet they could not compare to the inner sorrow of Jesus. Jesus had to pierce through all the grievances of 4,000 years of history to fulfill the inner sorrow of God.

The people who followed Jesus were not those who were welcomed by the Jewish people. They were not recognized by the Jewish saints. Jesus had to walk a path that was not welcomed socially or ecclesiastically. He was in a position where he could not remain in a free environment anywhere he went.

Jesus' Bitter Heart
When Moses led the 600,000 Israelites out, the Red Sea blocked their way, and Pharaoh's chariots were coming up behind them. Moses, on behalf of the fearful 600,000, faced that test of death with a creed that could overcome it. You must understand that this was the way to revive the 600,000.

The same goes for Jesus, who fed over 5,000 people with five loaves and two fish. The heart of Jesus, who looked at the countless crowds lying in the fields at dusk, was a heart that could not be found in any person on earth. It was indeed a heart of great adventure that needed to be brought before heaven. Because Jesus had this heart and cried out before the Father, He brought about an adventurous act of creation.

Jesus, who was born adventurously, who walked the path of adventure in life, and who returned to the standard of adventure even until He was crucified, is someone we must feel. In this light, Jesus' life was not a trivial existence. It was not a dignified and elegant life.

Now you must reanalyze yourself in light of the path of Jesus' life. If you have the desire to become the bride of Jesus Christ, you must understand the life that Jesus led, from His birth through the adventurous life of 30 years, to the path of destiny on Golgotha, from the life of humiliation and adversity to the path of crucifixion, the path of adventurous death. 

Indeed, Jesus' life was one that started with adventure and ended with adventure. Jesus, who came as a bridegroom but walked the lonely path of death, the Jesus who died for me, the Jesus who died to save me, we must feel the bitter heart that permeates His bones and flesh.

Today, at this end time, if you have a gift to offer to Jesus, what would it be? It is to carry in your heart the sorrowful heart of Jesus Christ, who went through an adventurous process with His life, and to become the most excellent offering for the whole world, for all of heaven and earth, a unique cosmic offering that cannot be found even if the entire universe were mobilized.

Therefore, you must realize the heart of God's grievances that has passed through history and rise from a lowly position. You must not seek to take on any role from a place of joy. You must live with the heart that can die for the will. Consider this: If Jesus Christ died for the earth, there could be no one who could resent the earth more than Him.

However, Jesus did not come for Himself. First, He came for history, for the Israelite community, for the people of Israel. He came for His disciples who followed Him, and furthermore, for the nation, the world, and the cosmos. His life was a life for the nation, the world, and the cosmos, and even His death was not for Himself.

Yet, who acknowledged the steps of Jesus as right? At the peak of death, He was betrayed by His beloved disciples and left alone to bear all responsibility! If He were to lament over humanity...
If you want to complain and blame, even if you cry and wail, you cannot resolve the grievances of 30 years of life, and there will be no way to compensate for the hardships you have endured. However, Jesus, out of compassion, prayed for the betrayed nation, the betrayed disciples, and all of humanity, even from the death on the cross, knowing that humanity would suffer under Satan's rule. Because He was the Jesus of sorrow, He could become a friend to the ancestors of this land, even if they appealed with 4,000 years of history, and could pray for the enemies who opposed Him. This is something that has never happened in the 4,000 years of human history. Furthermore, you must understand that this was a cosmic endeavor to break down the walls of sin that permeated heaven and earth.

If Jesus is the King of kings, you must believe in His promise and live your life, whether you die or live, entrusting everything to His will to become the queen of that King of kings. Jesus walked this path. His life was such a life. His hope was to live for the will and to die for the will in that way.

What should we, who must walk the path of adventure following the ancestors and Jesus, do today, and what must we understand? We must recognize Jesus, who prayed for humanity even from the place of death, carrying all the inner sorrow that permeated His heart. We must transfer the heart of Jesus, who set a single will on this earth and walked the path of adventure, into our hearts, and we must realize Jesus' death so that we can resolve the grievances that have permeated His heart through the cosmic path of adventure today.

Among those who believe in Jesus, there are many who pray to the Father for blessings. However, before asking for blessings, we must realize the sorrow that has permeated Jesus' heart. Moreover, we must understand Jesus' life and the journey of the cross. You must know today that there was a sorrowful path of adventure that only Jesus and God knew, and you must realize the inner sorrow that Jesus could not express.

Thus, we should be able to say, "Lord! We will resolve Your grievances and all historical grievances. Please whip us. Please work so that we can fulfill the will You have sought to accomplish through all historical nations. So that we do not fall apart as individuals, but can stand as adventurous offerings that can represent the cosmic history and resolve the grievances left by countless ancestors."

Now, our hope is to fulfill the will that Jesus Christ left as an inheritance on this earth. It is our destiny to restore the extreme will of Jesus Christ. History has flowed through the adventurous paths of individuals, through families, societies, nations, and the world. Therefore, when individuals among Christians seek to fulfill the will, an adventurous path has been imposed on their journey. This has been true for families, societies, nations, and the world as well. You must understand that such an adventurous gateway lies before you today. Therefore, you must be able to offer your own life as an adventurous offering, standing at the crossroads of life and death and before the cosmic judgment seat, on behalf of your nation and on behalf of all humanity.

Furthermore, we must be able to walk in the footsteps of the lives of the prophets and ancestors and the life journey of Jesus Christ, regardless of the times or environments we find ourselves in today. Moreover, no matter who presents any conditions at any time, we must have the determination and courage to establish our super-real selves and appeal before all of creation, standing as those who represent the heavenly will.

We must be those who are to be offered as adventurous offerings. In these days, as the day of the Second Coming approaches, you must carry out a cosmic and adventurous mission that remains at the end of 6,000 years of history. If that mission is cosmic, you too must become a relatively cosmic being. You must understand that only by having an adventurous inner determination can you fulfill that mission.

What will happen if God's will is fulfilled differently from the faith life we are living? Until now, God's work has progressed through the super-real path of adventure. Only by passing through this cosmic gateway of adventure can we raise the flag of final victory and sing praises of Hosanna before the Father, and become beings who can represent the cosmic bride. Only then will we not be caught by any conditions, and regardless of the environment or any persecution and criticism, we can become the heavenly princes who set the standard of super-real adventure.

You must understand that only those who have the determination to become such princes can ultimately take responsibility for God's providence and reveal His glory as the bride of Christ. Let us pray.

<Prayer> At this time when the dawn of history is shining everywhere in heaven and earth, even if we are in sorrow, that one ray of light is shining upon our hearts and bodies. O Father, be with those who have the marks of life and the power of life. 

Please hasten to show Your work so that the Christians who believe today can walk the remaining cosmic path of adventure. Father! Until now, our faith life has been centered on ourselves. When did we prepare to have an adventurous life for Jesus and for heaven? When did we pray, "I will become an adventurous offering before You"? If there is no one among Your sons and daughters gathered here today who can say that, then, Father! Please allow us to repent. Do not let us become despicable beings who do not know fear before the amazing providence of heaven. Thus, allow us to be those who can earnestly pray before You to walk the path of adventure on behalf of the universe, Father, we earnestly hope and desire.

Father, Your sons and daughters gathered here have been struggling to find a super-real life. Their lives have not been normal. If it is a fanatical life, there could be no more fanatical life than this. However, when viewed through the past, present, and future, we know that it is not a fanatical life. 

Please do not let us become cowards who betray You on this cosmic path of pain and adventure. Father, stretch out Your mighty hand. Knowing that the life Jesus walked is the example we must follow, please allow us to have the center of a new life through the history of resurrection and revival. Please allow us to build the foundation of a new life and unite with new strength to walk a path that can be recognized by heaven and earth. Father, we earnestly hope for this.

May the words spoken today become the life of the sons and daughters gathered here and penetrate their bones and flesh, and may they be guided to be offered as eternal offerings of victory, and may they become sons and daughters who can fulfill the conditions of appeal to resolve the heavenly grievances. We earnestly ask this and pray in the name of the Lord. Amen.

Those who will possess the kingdom of hope
Matthew 11:1-15
<Prayer (I)> Loving Father! Throughout the week, You have embraced the insignificant things and worried in various colors. May our daily lives not be conducted according to our own will. When we think of the grace that You have given us, that we cannot do everything we desire, we truly thank You. 

Today, the children have come before You. First, we know that our bodies and minds must become offerings like gold, incense, and myrrh that the people of the East brought. First, please allow me to dedicate my heart and body. Please do not let me become a despicable figure before the altar. Loving Father, I earnestly hope and desire.

You, who have called us, have gone through the sorrowful process of 6,000 years. If we, as individuals, have been called to stand before humanity with a great mission, we know that our every move must express joy on behalf of the entire faith of heaven. 

The more we understand the purpose of the good that has been chosen, the more we reflect on the things we have lost, we cannot help but repent of our inadequacies before You, Father. We have laid down all our consciousness, concepts, and assertions before You, so please hold us.

The waves of death are moving beyond time, but in the midst of this, Father, who has worked hard to find Your children, we know that the grace You have given us is not because we are good. 

We also know that Your sorrow will continue until the day Christ returns to this earth. Father, please take care of the whole. Please fully govern our hearts and bodies, and do not let this gathering be merely a gathering of people. Please allow us to be figures who can comfort Your sorrowful heart, holding onto the 6,000 years of history, and may we be able to worship joyfully as one offering with all the saints, with the Trinity governing our entire bodies and hearts, loving Father, we earnestly hope and desire.

Father, have compassion on this 30 million nation. We know that You have worked hard through a long historical process to love this nation. We know that there is unknown labor when You choose us to manifest Your will. 

We know that there are Your sons and daughters who, having built an altar and established a deep connection with You, are appealing on behalf of the nation, and we cannot help but be grateful to them. Please raise a new history of providence before them and stir up the history of inspiration. Please establish them as revolutionaries who can take responsibility alone on behalf of the Korean people, who can stand before heaven, loving Father, we earnestly hope and desire.

We know that the grievances of the nation are deeply felt in heaven, and we also know that the grievances of humanity on earth are deeply felt in heaven. Knowing that there is no one to become an offering to replace this heavenly sorrow, may the children gathered here today be those who can earnestly appeal before You to resolve the grievances that have permeated this earth and the entire universe. Father, please allow us to be sons and daughters who can step forward and fight against Satan on Your behalf, we earnestly hope and desire.

Please allow our hearts and bodies to move in harmony, so that we can sing of Your grace with one will, and may this time be one where we can give thanks and worship for the grace of liberation, my Father, we earnestly hope and desire.

There are sons and daughters fighting in various regions with the torch of new words, so wherever they stay, Father, please be with them. There is nothing to rely on in this world. We can only rely on the grace granted by heaven. We have entered the path of cosmic destiny where we must fight while being mocked by countless enemies, so Father, whip us.

On this day, may the heavenly grace overflow in the bodies and hearts of those gathered here with the same grace, Father, we earnestly hope and desire.

There are also sons and daughters who are offering prayers of concern before You in lonely places on behalf of the will, so please protect their spirits. 

We earnestly ask that You grant the grace of what You will command and allow. Please come upon us for this one hour. We pray in the name of the Lord. Amen.

<Prayer (II)> Father, who has worked and governed through the ages and centuries until the end times, we hope that Your providential will will soon be fulfilled on this earth, so please allow us to take responsibility for that labor on this earth.

Please allow us to become brave sons and daughters who can fight against Satan on behalf of Jesus, inheriting the heavenly mission centered around Your altar, Father, we earnestly hope and desire.

We have read the words given on this day. We know that John the Baptist, who came to earth with a historical mission for Jesus, bore witness to Jesus but could not fulfill the heavenly mission of the anointing.

Please allow the audience gathered in this one place, Your sons and daughters who are bowed down, to reflect on their own selves. Please allow them to reveal their own selves before You. Please allow them to present their own selves before all beings, becoming figures who labor on behalf of God's mission at the end of the age, and may they become faithful servants who obey the heavenly call and the words of the heavenly mission that heaven demands in this time.

The time of the will is limited, but unfortunately, humans do not know this and hope without limit, and there are many pitiful people who do not know that life and death are judged at this present moment. Father, please allow the children gathered here to remember the story left behind when John the Baptist appeared to bear witness during the first coming.

Now, please allow us to open the doors of our hearts and build the inner altar of heaven, and may we be sons and daughters who can confidently present our bodies as victorious offerings against Satan before You. Heaven seeks confident and brave warriors and does not desire those who kneel before enemies in cowardice and meanness. Therefore, please allow the sons and daughters gathered here to become heavenly warriors who can throw away their lives for the will. We know that the time has come when such warriors are needed.

Just as John the Baptist and his followers, who faced the will of heaven, burned with the inner heart of heaven and opposed the entire corrupt Judaism to unfold new facts, may You manifest the light of compassionate love before this nation through us today. Please do not withdraw Your providential hand from us.

Please bless the countless altars being built for this nation, Father, and may there be many sons and daughters who are building hidden altars to become offerings like preservatives, holding onto the established denominations.

Loving Father, who has called lonely groups from among many people, we realize that it is a difficult path as we follow You. We must fight with the spirit of pioneers to carve out the path of battle and advance as heavenly warriors, so please embrace the young sons and daughters who are kneeling before Your presence.

If their path is the path of Your will, may they not mind the thorny paths or the treacherous mountains, and even if their bodies are torn and wounded, may they focus on one will and pioneer everything. Please manifest only the grace of Your counsel in their hearts.

This is not a time for many words, but a time to move hearts and reach the heavenly feelings. It is a time when hearts must move and the entire family must harmonize around Your will. Therefore, Father, please earnestly hope and desire that Your children, who are bowed down here, may be established as original beings who represent Your heart, having prepared themselves inside and out.
Father! Please have compassion on the poor group that is following a lonely path. Please forgive all the shortcomings of the nation, and allow us to be forgiven for not fully carrying out the mission You have entrusted to us. Please encourage the sons and daughters of the Father who are gathered here in a special way, and since You have raised them up, may they not grow weary on the front lines of the battle.

Oh Father! Grant them unwavering faith until they lay down their lives for the cause and fight to seize the day of victory. Allow them to be like bombs thrown into the enemy's camp, equipped with an unchanging center, advancing without regard for their circumstances, and able to explode before their foes for the victory of Your will. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.

Now that we have set forth with Your word, Father, please be with us and allow us to move with one heart centered on You. While being mindful of the heavenly will, may we be able to present ourselves before You, offering everything as those who can take on the sanctified self. If there are still human elements and human attitudes and concepts that You cannot accept governing our lives, Father, please work with Your power and with the touch of re-creation.

We earnestly ask that this time be a joyful moment where we can bow down as humble offerings before You and confess our sins, and we entrust everything to You, so please govern according to Your will. We pray in the name of the Lord. Amen.

<Word> The title of the message I wish to share with you today is "Those Who Will Possess the Kingdom of Hope." I will speak on the subject of "Those Who Will Possess the Kingdom of Hope."

282 Those Who Will Possess the Kingdom of Hope
From the perspective of God's ideal of creation, God hoped for a kingdom of heaven in the incorporeal world, but He created all things in the corporeal world so that He could personally be present in a concrete kingdom. This is something you all know well. In other words, God created the created world so that the heavenly kingdom and the earthly kingdom could be established centered on God and Adam and Eve, allowing Him to witness the glory of both the spiritual and the concrete kingdoms.

The Ideal of God's Creation and the Result of Human Fall
However, due to human error, that is, the fall of humanity, the heavenly kingdom and the earthly kingdom that God hoped for have vanished without a trace, a fact that you all are well aware of. Such heavenly kingdoms were not created for God but for humanity. 

The purpose of God's creation was to establish the heavenly kingdom and the earthly kingdom centered on Adam and Eve, allowing humans who lived a heavenly life on earth to enter and live in the eternal world of heaven. However, with the fall of Adam and Eve, the spiritual kingdom and the concrete earthly kingdom disappeared, and the heavenly and earthly worlds became a realm of sorrow where Satan could freely accuse before God.

Since the fall, not only the earth but even the heavenly throne has become the domain of Satan. Thus, Satan has been accusing both spiritual and physical humans. Many believers today are unaware that Satan has operated with such authority.

The created world, which should have sung and rejoiced in the glory of God's creation centered on Adam and Eve, has fallen entirely into the hands of Satan due to human error, resulting in sorrow before the Creator Father. 

God is now working through the remaining angels to restore this defiled earth and establish a relationship with humanity through the providence of salvation. Humanity stands in a position of having betrayed the holy God due to the fall, and God is working to address humanity, which has fallen far beyond comparison to all creation, through the providence of salvation. 

In order to govern the humans whom Satan has dominated and accused, God has been working through the ages, from the Old Testament to the New Testament, establishing a bridge.

The Providence of the Old Testament
In the Old Testament era, it was primarily a time when God had to work directly and address humanity with His glory. However, since that providence was not completed, God opened a way to address humanity through angels in a second phase, which is the historical providence of the Old Testament.

In the Old Testament, God's will was conveyed through the appointed messengers like Noah and Abraham, who were established as servants. To elevate the peoples of the earth, who were in darkness, to a position where the Father could address them, God chose Abraham's lineage and established the nation of Israel. Thus, through the nation of Israel, a path was opened for humanity to gradually approach God.

Heaven established a standard for angels to work. And by having a standard that fulfilled God's will regarding Adam and Eve, God worked for 4,000 years until Jesus came to create a victorious foundation where humanity could directly face the Father. You must understand this.

The one who elevated humanity, which was in the position of a servant, to a position where they could be addressed as sons was Jesus, and the gospel given is the New Testament. Therefore, after Jesus, humanity was placed in a position where they could approach God through Jesus. Because fallen humanity could not directly receive God's love, what we have been hoping for over the course of 6,000 years is to reach a position where we can receive God's love after receiving the love of the Son.

284 Those Who Will Possess the Kingdom of Hope
We must become the sons and daughters of God who can enjoy the love-centered reality that God desired, by fulfilling the ideal of creation. This is not only spiritual but also requires that our very bodies advance to a position where God can directly love us. You must understand that this mission remains with us because humanity has fallen.

The Mission of Jesus and the Role of the Holy Spirit
Jesus came to this earth to place humanity in a position to receive God's love. He had to ensure that humanity could receive God's love as sons in both spirit and flesh, just like Him. Jesus came with this mission, but because humanity did not believe, He could not fulfill His mission of placing humanity in a position to receive God's love in both spirit and flesh. He only opened the way for us to be called sons and daughters in a spiritual sense.

So what is the ultimate purpose of God's providence of restoration? It is to complete the standard where people who exist on this earth in both spirit and flesh can live receiving God's love.

To fulfill this purpose, the Holy Spirit has been working for 2,000 years since Jesus. The Holy Spirit has been working since Jesus' departure, but He is not directly establishing and working on the providential foundation to fulfill God's ideal of creation on this earth; rather, He is working to serve as a bridge so that we can go before heaven through Him. You must understand this well.

So who are the people that can live a heavenly life on earth? What kind of spiritual beings can dwell in the infinite spiritual realm, the heavenly kingdom? Only those who receive the love of Jesus and the Holy Spirit on earth, and who can go beyond that to directly receive the love of the Father and live with the Father, becoming victors centered on the ideal of love, can live in the earthly kingdom and the eternal heavenly kingdom.

285 The Qualifications of the Citizens of Heaven
From the perspective of God's standard of creation, such a place is the kingdom of hope. If we acknowledge this, we must consider what kind of appearance we, who are living today, have in relation to the kingdom of hope, which is God's purpose of creation.

In Revelation 14:1, it says, "And I looked, and, lo, a Lamb stood on the mount Sion, and with him an hundred forty and four thousand, having his Father's name written in their foreheads." 

What do Christians around the world today hope for as the heavenly gift? They are standardizing the gift of the bride and groom. They think this is everything. However, just as it is said that with him stood an hundred forty and four thousand, having his Father's name written in their foreheads, the name of the Father is the issue.

Today, after believing in Jesus, who is the bridegroom, and qualifying as the bride, you must not remain only in the love of Jesus but must advance to the position where you can receive the love of God, who could not directly love humanity for 6,000 years, based on the love of Jesus.

This is the overall purpose of God's providence and the reason for sending Jesus Christ and working for 2,000 years, yet today’s believers are unaware of this.

So when will we, today, become beings who can transcend the position of bride and groom and become eternal existences that can harmonize centered on the love of the Father from the earth to the heavenly realm, that is, to the kingdom of eternal life? You must have this connection of love. This is the purpose of Jesus Christ and the purpose of God's providence.

Until now, you have hoped for and believed in the love of the bride and groom. Now, holding onto the hand of Jesus Christ, you must go before the Father and say, "Father! We have come to the position of having fulfilled the will You have desired for 6,000 years. Knowing that this is the purpose of Your creation, Father, please love us!" You must become those who can say this. You must understand that God’s providence cannot end until such individuals are found in the physical world.

Jesus Christ has created the expectation that humanity on earth can gain the authority of love as spiritual sons and daughters. Therefore, if earthly humans unite with Jesus Christ and inherit that authority of love, the Satan who has accused them in the spiritual realm will have no grounds to accuse them based on the sins of humanity.

Efforts for Complete Salvation
God created Adam and Eve, but Satan took them away, not just their spirits but their spirits and bodies together. Therefore, from heaven's perspective, God has established believers today to reclaim Adam and Eve, who are a combination of spirit and flesh, and to open a way for God to love them directly.

Jesus Christ came to this earth as the center of the creative ideal of this amazing universe. So where did Jesus Christ set the standard for the final battle? It was set in the fact that the saints who followed Jesus received only God's spiritual love, so that they could receive God's love in both spirit and flesh. Since receiving God's love in both spirit and flesh is the hope, Jesus, who only carried out the providence of spiritual salvation, cannot enjoy complete glory in heaven. He must pray for us humans even in heaven.

Thus, because the hope of Jesus Christ has not yet been fully realized on earth, many spirits in paradise, including the 12 apostles centered on Jesus, are being mobilized based on this one hope.

287 
We, who are facing the end times, still have the results of the efforts of angels who cooperated in the providence. There are also the results of the efforts of countless apostles. We must take responsibility for all these historical efforts and conditions today. We must be able to resolve the grievances of the countless saints who have worked and cooperated in the providence of God in the past.

As we stand before God in place of past history, we must receive the recognition of Jesus Christ and the recognition of the Holy Spirit. After going through the stages of receiving the recognition of Jesus and the Holy Spirit, the Trinity will determine whether you can approach God. You must understand that this is what the New Testament providence is doing.

Recognition Stage, Decision Stage, Judgment Stage
What is the recognition stage here? It can be likened to the engagement stage before a wedding. What is the decision stage? It is the stage where we qualify to participate in the sacrament as brides. Then what is the final remaining stage? It is the judgment stage. This stage is when God presents humanity as those who are beloved, who can eternally dwell with Him, as the eternal and unchanging beings that He hoped for and desired, raising His hand to declare them before all creation. This is called the judgment stage.

God has been working for 6,000 years, but He has not yet had the cosmic day of judgment. The judgment is given based on this one day.

You must pass through this door of judgment and inherit the blessing that God gave to Adam when He said, "Have dominion over all things." Thus, as the people of heaven, you must go forth and say, "Father! Please love us. Look at the historical conditions I have fulfilled, and I have understood the hope of Christ and the desires of the Holy Spirit and God, so Father, please bless us." You must become those who can say this. Such individuals must appear in the end times on earth.

After such a person is presented and judged, all of creation will come to know that we are God's true sons and daughters. Only after establishing a relationship as true sons and daughters with God will Satan submit.

In light of this providential history, it is crucial for you to discern what position you will stand in. First, you must receive the recognition of Jesus Christ, and then you must stand in a position to receive the recognition of the Holy Spirit. In terms of providential history, the recognition stage corresponds to the Old Testament era, the decision stage to the New Testament era, and the judgment stage to the era of the Second Coming.

Until today, history has been flowing down through numerous processes. However, the time will come when the history that has been flowing down vertically will unfold horizontally. We, who are facing the judgment stage after going through the recognition and decision stages over 6,000 years, must navigate through both the vertically flowing history and the horizontally unfolding history of the end times.

What does this mean? The history of God has been a history of fighting against Satan. For 6,000 years, God has fought against Satan, but the conclusion has not yet been reached. Many prophets and saints have come and labored, but they have not fulfilled the will that God required on earth. Thus, the time must come when the will of the many prophets and saints who have not fulfilled their purpose must be realized on earth. 

In these end times, many strange phenomena will occur that you cannot understand. There will be those who say, "I am Elijah." Such times will come. There will be those who say, "I am Elijah. I am Moses. I am Paul." Or there may be someone who claims to be Samuel. Why do these phenomena occur? It is due to the principle of indemnity and restoration. They must fulfill the mission they left behind.

Since they fought against Satan centered on God's providential will but did not establish a standard of victory, their mission has been extended to future generations. Therefore, those who take on their mission will emerge.
However, they do not know that they have taken on the mission and claim to be Paul or Elijah. 

What we need to understand as we face the end times is that we must pass through all the providential, decisive, and judgmental aspects of God's 6,000-year history as a unified entity of spirit and flesh. Only then can we escape the conditions of accusation established by Satan throughout history. Only then can we stand before Heaven.

To go through all stages of restoration

Now, everyone, the saints of the end times must broaden their hearts. The infinite world of Heaven, the ideal of the eternal kingdom that was created as our ideal, must be sought by humans on earth today. It must be understood that this is not found through Jesus Christ in the spirit world, but through humans on earth. 

Because Jesus and the Holy Spirit exist in Heaven without a physical entity, the ideal of the kingdom cannot be realized on earth. Therefore, God's sons and daughters with substance must establish the eternal kingdom of ideals on earth. We must also break free from all the conditions of accusation that Satan has raised over the course of 6,000 years of history.

When Abraham offered three sacrifices, the dove, the sheep, and the cow, he split the sheep and the cow, but because he did not split the dove, Heaven could not accept it. You must not repeat such things.

You must pass through the final door of sanctification. You must be able to sanctify your individual sins, including personal sins, inherited sins, bloodline sins, and all historical sins, and rise above them. Without becoming such a person, you cannot fulfill God's will to govern all things.

You are likely well aware of the history of indemnity and restoration. Today, you are not merely individual beings. Although God is dealing with you personally and loves you, that love is not just for you alone. It is a love that is given as a result of the hard work of your ancestors over the course of 6,000 years of restoration providence.

Those who will possess the kingdom of hope

Today, in this end time, if you thought that the voice or command of God saying, "I love you," was a love that stays with your individual self, that would be a great misunderstanding. It took 6,000 years for that love to come to you. Therefore, that love is a historical love, a love for the fruits of 6,000 years of history. You must understand this.

The universal value of humanity

Thus, that being must possess a character of love that resembles God's nature and can remain before the will of historical providence. Based on this standard, God has unfolded the history of the providence of struggle.

When Jesus Christ appeared as a substantial embodiment of love after the 4,000 years of restoration providence, Heaven established itself as a substantial entity that could unify countless religions and ethnic groups. Therefore, when Jesus preached the gospel to the Jewish people, he did not convey his own claims. The gospel that Jesus proclaimed was a claim made on behalf of the countless prophets and saints who had labored through the 4,000 years of history.

Moreover, Jesus did not preach the gospel from a momentary standpoint. He intended to convey a gospel that would allow not only the people of his time to receive God's love but also future generations for eternity. Therefore, if humanity is to eternally carry on the will of God's providence, you must understand that everything being passed on originates from Jesus Christ alone.

Your movements are movements that represent Heaven and Earth. Becoming a true son of God is the hope of Jesus and the Holy Spirit, as well as the hope of the countless saints in Heaven. They hope that true sons and daughters will emerge on earth and establish a standard of victory. They also hope that the true substantial sons and daughters of God who have established such a standard will appear. We must realize these facts and not think of our individual selves as insignificant beings. 

From that perspective, you must understand what Jesus meant when he said, "What good is it for someone to gain the whole world, yet forfeit their soul?"

Christians who claim to have faith, you gathered here today, how much have you felt this universal value? How much have you recognized that you are unchanging sons and daughters of God? In this sense, Jesus Christ boldly proclaimed, "I am the Son of God." This is a motto that Christians today should emulate. 

In these end times, to be able to stand and declare, "I am an unchanging son of Heaven," a being who cannot change before Heaven, before Satan, or before anyone, is what Jesus is seeking. This is the existence that Jesus demands.

I am the Son of God!

You have spent decades in your faith life trying to establish the standard of life in faith. However, Heaven is looking for someone who can confidently say, "I am the son of God," someone who can fight on behalf of the universal mission in the historical course. Heaven is demanding sons and daughters who can boldly stand before God and swear with confidence.

Even in the face of indiscriminate conditions of accusation from Satan, and even if any angel from Heaven tries to push you away, you must be able to withstand it. You must be able to withstand it even if Jesus and the Holy Spirit come to push you away.

Jesus Christ, who came to bear the cross and was torn apart until his last moment, held an unchanging heart that said, "I am the Son of God." Even when Heaven seemed to abandon him at the moment of his fate, Jesus did not waver because he deeply felt the 4,000 years of restoration history.

Among all the creatures created by God, there had been no son or daughter of God with both spirit and flesh until that time.

Jesus, who faced the sorrows of this world, fell and fell again, but what was the standard that allowed him to rise again? It was the recognition that he was a son whom God could love. With this recognition, Jesus fought boldly, overcoming any difficulties. You must understand this as well.

What happened to Jesus Christ, who came to this earth with such hope and ambition, and who had to practice this hope and ambition in the human world? What does it mean that the cross, which he never even thought about, became a reality? If you, from a position that resonates with the heart of Jesus Christ, strike the ground and curse all things, his sorrow will not be alleviated.

The reason God abandoned Jesus and the unchanging Jesus

Over a long history, because humans have violated God's heart, forsaken God's will, and betrayed God, Jesus found himself in a position where he was abandoned by God on behalf of humanity due to the principle of indemnity and restoration.

When Jesus said, "My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?" as he died on the cross, it was for the indemnity of the sins committed by humanity who had betrayed God from our ancestor Adam and Eve for 4,000 years. Because humanity forsook God, God had no choice but to forsake Jesus according to the principle of indemnity.

However, Jesus did not betray Heaven. Even if the son of God is thrown into the realm of Satan, he remains the son of God, and even if the son of God goes to hell, he is still the son of God. This was the heart of Jesus Christ, who devoted over 30 years of his life to this central belief.

Now, you who believe in such Jesus today, you who have come to believe in order to become the bride of Jesus, must be able to stand as the son of God who represents the 6,000 years of history. You must understand that Heaven is looking for someone who can elegantly accuse Satan before God.

Until now, many saints in the historical process have wondered why even Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit had to face the trials of Satan. This is because the mission that must be completed with both spirit and flesh has not yet been fulfilled.

So when will the battle that Jesus and the Holy Spirit have fought against Satan for the past 2,000 years come to an end? When will Satan's accusations against God come to an end? For this to happen, a person must emerge who possesses the same heart as Jesus Christ, who confidently declared that he was the son of God, having overcome sin and Satan on behalf of the 4,000 years of history. Only then can we defeat Satan, who has accused God for 6,000 years, and the battle between Jesus and the Holy Spirit against Satan can come to an end. This is something Christians must understand. It is indeed the case.

The pitiful Jesus Christ in Paradise is still destined to seek out sinful humanity today. Even during your prayer breaks, Jesus must pray. The Holy Spirit cannot rest. God cannot rest. This is a history that has no time to rest.

Now we must become offerings that can pray, "I am established by the countenance of God, the countenance of Jesus, and the countenance of the Holy Spirit." You must establish God's countenance. You must establish Jesus' countenance. You must establish the Holy Spirit's countenance.

God, who should love humanity with the ties of providence, is in a lamentable position where he cannot love humanity because he is internally bound by such conditions.

If a being were to emerge who could be called my son, qualified to boast on behalf of Heaven and Earth, then at that time, Satan cannot accuse. At that time, Satan cannot accuse.

Just as Jesus Christ held the consciousness of "I am the Son of God," now, having inherited the labor of Jesus and the Holy Spirit, in this end time of 6,000 years of history, standing in opposition to the entire universe, this is what God and Jesus Christ desire: "I am the son of God who represents history. I alone am the son of God." If there are many saints in this country, Korea, who seek this concept, then Korea will become the central nation of the world.

Now we must complete the consciousness of being sons and daughters, becoming beings who can boast before Satan on the day of victory, and we must understand that Heaven is seeking such beings.

The person God is looking for

Although 6,000 years of history have passed, there has been no being who could stand before Satan and say, "I establish my true son and true daughter among the humans you have opposed until now, so you must submit before them."

Heaven is looking for such a person. This is why the Lord of the Second Advent comes. Those who say such things are called mad by the healthy. They do not think about what they should think... But this is the truth. You must understand this.

Today, after 6,000 years of history, we must receive the authority to determine and judge the historical mission of 6,000 years, and we must become people who can judge on behalf of God, holding the rod of iron to assist the Lord when He judges.

Jesus knew that he was the son of God. Then what did Jesus do? He fought for God's will. He had the awareness that he was the son of God, the son of God that no one had claimed until now. He recognized himself as the one who would take on God's work and could confidently step forward. Throughout the historical process until today, there have been many prophets and saints, but there has been no one who said, "I will take on all of God's work as the son of God." There was only Jesus. That is why Jesus became the Savior.

In these end times, we must be able to step forward and say, "I am the son of the Father who represents the 6,000 years of history. I will take on the Father's work." Look at Jesus. When he did the Father's work, he did not care about failure or death. Whether he failed or died, he did not care. There are no conditions, no conditions. Look at Jesus. If it was the way to subdue Satan, he went that way regardless of what happened to his body. This is the spirit of loyalty that can take on God's work as the son of God. If there is a way to subdue Satan, he walked that path without caring about death...

If we inherit the legacy left by Jesus Christ, who took on God's work in these end times, we must be able to say that whether we live or die, if it is the way to subdue Satan, we will not care even if our bodies are torn apart. If a sanctified group emerges that knows the way to subdue Satan and can go that way all at once, this world can become God's world.

Only after taking on God's work as the son of God can we finally receive God's love. God's love is not something that is obtained through fighting. You must understand this.

God created all things to establish a garden of peace and love. He created all things to relate to them joyfully and created humans to relate to them joyfully. He did not create humanity to fight and for Satan to fight. That would be going against the principles of heavenly law. Therefore, to elevate humanity with love, the Holy Spirit is taking on the role of love. This is how humanity was able to seek Heaven through Jesus and the Holy Spirit.

"Holy Spirit! Jesus! God! Please grant me grace." If you only seek to rise, grace will be taken away. As the end times approach, it is the time when God's grace descends, which is why Jesus is returning.

Today, the world of morality is filled with people who are trying to find the way to rise forever. However, it is not enough to just know how to rise. You must go through the stages of rising through time and seasons, and then you must become someone who can come down again to find that grace and fulfill it.

The hill we must especially overcome

Now, if we are to seek the gifts of Heaven and act on behalf of God centered on Jesus, we must understand what it was that Satan fought against with Jesus and the Holy Spirit. We must know the means to subdue that Satan.

Now, what is the hill we must especially overcome? It is to subdue the Satan that fought against God, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit. To do that, we must understand what the shield was that Satan fought with and how Satan set conditions to invade. If we understand this, we can naturally subdue Satan. Only then can God say to you, "You are my eternal son."

So what is Satan? What does Satan look like? It seems that there are many people who resemble Satan...

Before us lies a universal path that we must take, whether we live or die. Even if it takes hundreds of millions of years, as long as my spirit does not die, there is a path that must be taken by that spirit. If we cannot pass through this path of eternal life while alive, we must take it even in death. The prophets and saints of the past also had to go this eternal path.
I walked that path without thinking of personal issues for the sake of life. When Jesus Christ stood in the wilderness to fight against Satan, he fasted for one day, then two days, then ten days, then twenty days, and finally forty days. You are all in a fate like a bullet that has been fired, a fate like a bomb, a fate that cannot be returned to. Jesus was also aware of such things, and when he stepped forward, he could not turn back from that path. Those of you who have entered the Unification Church have also stepped onto a path from which you cannot turn back. Please keep this in mind.

Jesus was miserable when the barrier of death blocked him. When the entire nation turned away, when all the people turned away, when the apostles who followed Jesus turned away, it would have been the most pitiful situation imaginable. However, you must understand the position of Jesus, who could not turn back even when others could.

In today's world, as you believe in Jesus and carry out the will of heaven, you must have this determination, and if you lead the church and appeal for the nation and the world, you cannot help but become sons and daughters of God. With this resolve, you must represent God's will and do God's work.

Jesus is not resting just because he has gone to the spirit world. Even in the spirit world, despite the suffering of the cross and even greater hardships, he is fighting against Satan to seek us and to find this earth. At this time, when such universal trials and battles are taking place, you must have the spirit to say, "Satan, come if you will, or don’t come if you won’t. I will go unwaveringly." You must not fear trials. Such a person is the people of God, the sons and daughters of God.

Now, as sons and daughters of God, we must form families centered on the Father, build nations, and create countries and a world that the Father can love, and ultimately establish a heavenly kingdom on earth that is worthy before God. This is God's eternal will.

You must understand all these historical facts and be vigilant so that Satan cannot make false accusations from all sides, repel Satan's invasion, and become those who can subdue Satan.

From the perspective of the creation ideology, who can confidently govern the beings that should be governed before humanity, having become the sons and daughters who have received God's love and are clothed in substance? It is said that one cannot enter heaven without becoming such a person. That is why no one has gone to heaven yet.

Paradise is the spirit world of the intermediate process. To break through such universal barriers of fate, you must be able to completely repel the attacking Satan. If you do not become such a person, God's efforts will not be resolved through you. Therefore, God is seeking those who can completely repel Satan until the end of days, true sons and daughters who can understand the heart of His efforts.

If humanity forever fails to recognize this one effort of God, the heavenly kingdom on this earth cannot be established. Heaven cannot be established even in the spirit world.

Therefore, now you must stand at the forefront as pioneers who will pave the way for victory in the battle against Satan on this earth. Such resolve and determination are necessary for you.

If you have a desire to go before the Father, you must be able to say, "Come, all you millions of Satans, come to me. Even if 2.4 billion people oppose me, even if heaven and earth oppose me, I will go." You must be able to do this. Under such resolve, you must swear before the Father and move forward.

Even if there is persecution of my family, persecution of my nation, persecution of my country, and persecution of all humanity, even if 2.4 billion people struggle to eliminate the Unification Church, you must go out with the resolve that you cannot be broken there. You must not hesitate to go or not go. You must keep in mind that we are in a position where we cannot help but go down the path we have taken.

Now, you who have stepped forward to fight against Satan must emulate the oath and determination that Jesus Christ held, who was able to be established as the second victorious Abel on behalf of 4,000 years of history, and the sense of responsibility to fight for God's work. Because Jesus fought with such resolve and oath, he was able to subdue Satan.

We, who are clothed in this physical body, must subdue Satan. Only when such a living being emerges on this earth can the heart of God's efforts, which has been carried out for 6,000 years, and the heart of Jesus Christ's efforts be resolved.

And the heaven that God can govern will be ours, and the earth that God can govern will also be ours. This is God's purpose of creation. You must understand that only those who fight responsibly and win on this earth can possess heaven.

Let us become those who serve the Lord who came for all people.  
Matthew 8:18-34  
<Prayer (I)> When I think of the grace that allows us, insignificant beings, to come before the holy Father and call Him "Father," I sincerely thank You, Father. We cannot help but be grateful that You sent the beloved Jesus to us, who must live in deep sorrow, filled with the groans of death, and opened the grace of redemption.

Before the grace of the Holy Trinity, who has worked tirelessly over thousands of years, and before the efforts of the Father, who has shone the light of glory upon this dark earth, please allow us to be those who can respond to that grace with our body and heart.

Father, this morning, as we experience the amazing grace in our hearts, may our bodies, which were submerged in darkness, be immersed in the flow of life hidden in heaven, and may these bodies, which were submerged in death, be connected to the cosmic arteries of Your love.

Father, even if we give our whole body and heart, let us feel that we cannot repay Your grace during this time. Allow us to be those who feel our own shortcomings even when we give our whole body and heart.

Father, we have come before You with all our strength, sincerity, and body and heart, so please look upon us with mercy. We should have been offered as a living sacrifice before You, but we have not been able to do so until this day and hour, so please forgive us and guide us to quickly prepare ourselves to become a sacrifice that You can joyfully accept and eternally boast about.

Father, the sons and daughters gathered here are a small group. Please allow us to understand that You require us to be a victorious offering for this nation, and let us know that many offerings are needed to prevent this nation from being swept away by the waves of death.

Let us be offerings that can take responsibility for all the areas of Your concern, offerings that can resolve the foundation of Your worries, and offerings that can eliminate the battleground of good and evil and give glory of victory before heaven.

We bow down with a heart of gratitude before the grace that leads us as insignificant beings to be established as offerings that can take responsibility for all Your concerns.

Father! First, please joyfully accept this audience as a living offering. Then, guide us to be able to build an altar of victory that You seek, and further, let Your heart of mercy be revealed before this nation and all humanity. We earnestly hope and wish for this, beloved Father.

Father, please allow us to be able to understand the situation where You must command the entire universe while establishing insignificant beings, and let us feel the deep concern of Your heart and the heartbreaking pain that resonates within us. 

So even if we become weary in the battle, allow us to empathize with Your sorrowful situation and heart, and be able to comfort ourselves.

Every time we face the anxious figure of the Father calling us, let us gather the strength for battle and step forward again, and allow us to be sons and daughters who go forward without hesitation for heaven.

Father, as this year comes to an end, if there is anything we have not fulfilled in the mission You entrusted to us throughout the year, please forgive us.

The mission that heaven has entrusted to us corresponds to a mission that transcends the historical concept of the world and relates to the universal historical concept, so if we have lived centered on ourselves throughout the year, please forgive us. 

Please forgive us for having thought too lightly of the mission entrusted to us.

Father, on this day before You, please allow us to be able to clear away all the shortcomings we have committed over the past year and grant us new hearts, new resolutions, and new oaths, and let this time be a precious opportunity to repent of our inadequacies before Your will.

Father, the path we are taking is a universal path of fate that we must walk throughout our lives, so please allow us not to become weary as we go, and not to lose heart as we go. 

Please allow us not to turn back, so that the eternal resentment does not come to fruition because of us, beloved Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this.

We have entered a universal path of fate that we cannot help but go down, and if we cannot go while alive, we have entered a path that we must go down even in death. Please allow us to feel our inadequacies even if we give our whole body and heart, and let us feel our shortcomings even if we give all our sincerity.

As inadequate beings, Father, please allow only the heart that desires mercy to govern our entire lives and allow it to govern our whole existence, beloved Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this.

On this day, we know that many lonely family members are scattered, holding onto the lonely altar with the words promised and granted by You, Father. Please protect them wherever they are, and be a friend to their sorrowful hearts, and be a source of comfort for them.

At this time, we earnestly ask that You grant us the grace to worship with one heart and body centered on one grace, one will, and one glory.

Father, I know that at this time, numerous altars are crying out to You with sorrowful hearts. Please show mercy and love to Your pitiful sons and daughters who do not know the time and season, and reveal the beacon of Your merciful words.

Hurry and embrace us in the arms of Your love that You wish to hold, so that we can quickly return all joy and glory as one form, and establish an altar of victory that can subdue Satan.

We earnestly ask that You quickly establish an altar of glory that can subdue Satan, so that even at this time, the grace of mercy may work together with Your sons and daughters who are praying for heaven all over the world, and we pray all these things in Your name. Amen.

<Prayer (II)> Please allow the land of goodness to be established. We know that the original garden created by You, Father, was a world equipped with the shield of goodness, love, beauty, and eternal righteousness, where Satan could not invade.

Father, the standard of hope that my being desires is the glory of love, goodness, and beauty hidden within You. Therefore, please open the doors of the hearts of Your sons and daughters gathered here and grant us the eternal love that You have hidden within You.

There are the tearful words of the promises You have already made, and there is the mission You have granted us. If there is a will to reveal the overall grace of heaven and Your omnipotence and glory through us, who are insignificant, please reveal it without reservation at this time.

Please manifest it with the fire of the Holy Spirit, show us the grace of glory, and raise the work of resurrection and recreation, Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this.

Is there still an element of evil that has not been accepted before You? Please govern with the hand of mercy and refine all elements that cannot be accepted, so that this one hour may be a time of joy shaped into the original goodness.

Father, please do not let us become those who do not understand how heartbreaking Your heart is, as You call forth the pitiful and inadequate beings and ask them to fulfill Your eternal wishes.

Let us be sons and daughters who empathize with the heart of the Father, who has been sorrowful and grieving for 6,000 years, and who strive to comfort Your sorrow with our bodies and hearts. 

Even if we are weak, let us be sons and daughters who can say, "I offer all of this to heaven, so please give us the courage and strength to fight," beloved Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this.

Among the thirty million people, we are those who have stepped onto this path, not others, and having crossed the peaks of difficulties, we need Your strength and courage. We cannot do without the shield of victory from heaven. 

We must wear the armor of righteousness and engage in the final battle, the ultimate showdown, so please allow all Your sons and daughters gathered here to have one heart and one form.

Please allow us to be those who can return the glory of victory before the Father by fighting against Satan in the final showdown. Thus, allow us to establish the foundation of sons and daughters that we can eternally boast about.

There is a dignity called forth by heaven, so please protect them with the Holy Trinity and allow them to become living sacrifices that can be boasted about before all creation.

Father, the path we have fought on until this day has been a rough road, but please do not let us become discouraged, knowing that the path ahead will also be a path of battle.

Our nationality is not this country, nor is it any country on this earth. Our place of refuge is heaven, and our only hope is in Your will. Until we are recorded in the final book of life, the path of struggle and the peaks of difficulty remain, and even if the path of tribulation and persecution is blocked, please do not let us become those who worry in our hearts.

We, who have been called by heaven, please allow us to become embodiments of Your love and embodiments of the fire, and grant us the bodies and hearts that can eliminate evil and allow goodness to dwell, so that we can establish a foundation of victory that can create the garden of goodness, beloved Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this.

Please govern the hearts of the numerous sons and daughters present here. Allow them to know themselves. Let them be children who can stand before the Father, who labors and worries and grieves.

Please do not let us engage in human hypocrisy or pretense. Lead us to be honest. Allow us to dissect ourselves and lay all our ideas, thoughts, and claims before You, so that we can be refined. 

Let the fragrance of eternal life, the elements that only You can take, be present before You.
Please allow this time to be offered at the altar.
Father, please grant us insight with Your fiery eyes. Allow each of us to repent of what we need to repent before You, and let us feel as if we are standing before the final judgment seat. Grant us the grace to be embraced in the bosom of Your glory, allow the works of compassion, and hold each of our bodies and minds, Father, we earnestly ask.
We earnestly request that only Your will may overflow and move upon the gathered audience, and we pray all these words in Your name. Amen.
<Prayer (Ⅲ)> Now, may our hearts embrace the feelings that Jesus labored for 2,000 years ago, and may we fulfill the mission of heaven and earth. When we face the anxious form of Jesus Christ, who stepped forward on behalf of heaven and earth, may our bodies and minds be able to bear His difficulties.
Please allow us to accept and bear all the contents conveyed through the Word.
The fox has its den, and the birds of the air have their nests, but the Son of Man has no place to lay His head. When we think of these words, Father, the hearts and bodies of Your sons and daughters gathered here are holy temples, yet we know that the sorrow of not being able to embrace the only begotten Son of heaven, the prince born for heaven, Jesus Christ, still remains in their bodies and hearts.
For thousands of years, our ancestors have built the walls of sorrow, and these walls are not diminishing with time; rather, Satan has devised many schemes to raise these walls higher.
Today, all of humanity has the responsibility to tear down the walls of resentment that our ancestors have built, and we must also recognize that we share in this responsibility. We thought that the sorrowful path walked by Jesus alone was His sorrow, but when we realize that this sorrow remains as our own, we discover ourselves needing to shed tears and move toward heaven.
Now, holding onto the painful feelings of sin and looking at the walls of sin committed by our ancestors, we realize how weak we are, so Father, please allow us to inherit Your strength to push this away.
Father, we have nothing. When we look at this Korean nation, are we not the most pitiful nation among all humanity? Among this pitiful nation, we are in an even more pitiful position, feeling insignificant and isolated.
However, Father, we know that global blessings are hidden in heaven, and we know that Your love is hidden deep in Your heart.
Father, even in a lonely position, please help us to break through the walls of tears and create a garden of harmony, and knowing that You are concerned for us in Your heart, allow us to leave behind our hesitations and become those who move forward without rest.
Now, as we embark on the path of Your command, allow us to be the good sons and daughters of heaven who can run toward the fulfillment of our wishes, whether we live or die, Father, we earnestly desire and wish for this.
When a young scribe came to Jesus and said, "Teacher, if you wish, I will follow you," please let there be not a single life among this gathered audience that hears the sorrowful words of "Do not follow me."
When I stand before Jesus, may the loving Jesus, the good Jesus, the compassionate Jesus, the patient Jesus, and the Jesus who embodies all nine fruits of the Holy Spirit, feel that I must become a sacrifice that can take even one of those fruits.
When Jesus wishes to take, there is nothing to take, and He can only say, "Do not come this way. Do not hope for what you hoped for." May we not become those who do not realize that the inner sorrow of Jesus Christ remains within Him.
Now, may the entire multitude gathered here respond to the words of Jesus, "Leave everything and follow me," and may we be sons and daughters who can be called to that.
When You command toward the garden of wishes that You desire, may we not hesitate but be ready and step forward without fear, for we must become the sons and daughters whom heaven loves and can hold.
Thus, we have the responsibility to bear the historical resentment of 6,000 years and must fight against Satan, so grant us the strength to fight with a resolute heart, a good heart, equipped with new determination and new vows. Father, we earnestly desire and wish for this.
Now, in the presence of the grace You have granted, may we rejoice through the Word, may the gift of love dwell within us, and may this hour be one where glory can manifest as pride. Father, we desire to take this upon ourselves, and we wish to take it upon ourselves. We earnestly ask this, praying in Your name. Amen.
<Word> The title I wish to think about with you all is, "Let us be those who welcome the Lord who came for all people." I will share a brief message on this topic.
God's creation ideal and the result of human fall
God, humanity, and all things were meant to be united forever centered around a single creation ideal, but because humanity, positioned between heaven and all things, made a mistake, all things became divided as they are, heaven as it is, and people as they are. Therefore, to regain the original world of creation, it was necessary to carry out the work of restoration, starting from all things, then humanity, and finally heaven. You must not be those who do not understand this situation of the Father.
We, born with the bloodline of the fall, as a fallen race, must first become those who feel God's sorrow deeply in our hearts and bodies.
Although we have all fallen, as long as there is a relationship with God who created us, and as long as there is a Father who is working hard to fulfill the providence, we must not think we stand in a meaningless position.
Even if you are evil, even if you are in a wicked place, you must first recognize that the traces of the tears of the Father's hard work are left on your bodies as you have gone through the historical process, and next, you must feel the traces of the Father's hard work and suffering that have been carried out to restore us.
Furthermore, we must understand that the original ideal of creation, the inner wish of God, exists for us at the end.
Then, we must realize that the sorrow of the intangible God is deeply embedded in our very beings, and that the signs of God's hard work, who is working for the restoration, remain in our bodies as a foundation of hope.
And we, who are on this earth, must become those who can bend our bodies and hearts to replace the sorrow of God with the sorrow we feel, as much as God has suffered with His painful heart and as much as He has worked hard, and as much as He has brought forth His original heart of goodness.
We must also understand that God is demanding that we have the heart of suffering that replaces God's hard work and that we can manifest the invisible suffering of God in a visible form. Furthermore, we must understand that God is seeking a religion of hope that can fulfill His wishes by discerning all historical religions.
Whether we are sitting or standing, whether we are active or inactive, at any moment of our lives or in a fleeting moment, God desires that true saints who can feel the touch in their hearts and bodies appear on this earth, and you gathered here today must move toward a place where you can feel this in your hearts.
The purpose of Jesus' coming and the disbelief of the Jewish people
Now, the creation ideal that the intangible Father had when He created humanity and all things was to enjoy joy and glory, to set humanity before all things, and to hope that all would be intoxicated by the ideal of goodness and boast of God's love while sharing joys and sorrows together. However, due to the fall of humanity, this ideal remained in His heart as a sorrow. The one who came to fulfill this mission was Jesus. And the one who came to tangibly resolve the core of God's inner resentment on behalf of humanity and all things, representing God's 4,000 years of hard work, was none other than Jesus Christ.
Then, where were those who should have welcomed Jesus, those who longed for Him, and those who could have shared eternal joys with Him?
The Jewish people at that time needed to understand that Jesus Christ was the one who could resolve the inner heart of God, who represented God's deep resentment, and who came to tangibly resolve God's resentment.
However, among the people of Israel, there was not a single person who could praise Him, recognizing that He was the one who could resolve the heart that God had grieved over for 4,000 years, the eternal hope that the Father was seeking.
The intangible sorrow of God must be resolved through tangible humanity. And Jesus was the one who could replace both God's sorrow and the sorrow of all people.
Yet, Jesus did not have a single day of joy throughout His life. Why? Because the tears of God's sorrow shed over 4,000 years were embedded in His heart, and even though all people should have united with Jesus to resolve God's sorrow, not a single person approached Jesus to empathize with His sorrow. There was not a single person who examined Jesus' life from beginning to end. Therefore, we must remember that such traces of resentment have been extended down to us today.
For the nation of Israel, who were hoping for the Messiah, it was unimaginable that the only begotten Son of heaven, born as the prince of heaven, would appear in such a sorrowful and shabby form.
That is why Jesus sought for a being who could welcome Him. He did not seek for someone centered around Himself, but rather sought for someone who could replace God's inner heart. Jesus sought a being who could participate in God's sorrow from birth, who could replace God's hard work from birth, and who could fulfill God's hope from birth, yet He found not a single such being, having been born in a stable and passing through over 30 years until He bore the cross.
Then, while Jesus who died on the cross can be welcomed by all, why was the living Jesus, who came with God's eternal love to convey that love to humanity, not welcomed by anyone? The responsibility lies with humanity. Jesus came to resolve God's sorrow and to remove the traces of God's hard work, and He came as the embodiment of God's hope to build the garden of hope, yet we failed to fulfill our responsibility to embrace His sorrow, carry His suffering within ourselves, and feel His hope in our hearts. This was the sin of our ancestors.
So what does Jesus demand of us today? The responsibility to resolve all of God's resentment through the body of Jesus has extended to us because our ancestors failed to fulfill it, and thus God's sorrow remains as Jesus' sorrow, God's hard work as Jesus' hard work, and God's hope as Jesus' hope, and furthermore, all of this has reached the Holy Spirit.
What Jesus demands of us today
Thus, the responsibility to resolve the sorrows of God, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit, which have been extended through 2,000 years of history, lies with us today. You must feel this.
And there must appear a person who can resolve the 6,000 years of sorrow hidden in God's heart, a person who can replace 6,000 years of hard work. There must be someone among us who can manifest God's hope on this earth once again. We must find this person among us.
Now, when you stand before the amazing grace of the Father or the grace of Jesus Christ, you must not think that the day you step forward is the beginning. And when you stand before the Father, it is not just you standing there as an individual. You must realize that your belief is not just based on your own life but on the 6,000 years of history.
Even when you stand before the Father to repent of your sins, you must feel that this is not just a personal repentance but a repentance on behalf of 6,000 years. And when you have a heart of gratitude before the Lord's grace and love, you must not think that you are thanking Him alone in a single moment. You must become someone who can express gratitude on behalf of the entire providence of the Father, representing both the flat history and the three-dimensional history, and on behalf of a hopeful standard.
Thus, God desires that a person who can resolve His sorrow, a person who can take on His hard work, and a person who can fulfill His hope appears on this earth today.
Jesus, who came to tangibly fulfill the will of the Father, left this earth with the fate of having to return because He could not complete that work. Therefore, this Jesus will come again, seeking you, insignificant as you may be, with the sorrow of 6,000 years. He will come with not only the sorrow of 4,000 years but also the sorrow of 2,000 years added to it. Furthermore, He will come to you with the resentment of 2,000 years of hard work added to the sorrow.
Our responsibility regarding the returning Jesus
When Jesus, who comes with the hope of 6,000 years, appears before us, what is the responsibility of humanity? It is to tangibly take on the burdens of Jesus' heart, His sorrow, and His hard work.
Jesus came to the nation of Israel to resolve the sorrow of 4,000 years of hard work, yet the nation did not believe in Him and opposed Him, leading to His crucifixion. Thus, because there was not a single person among the people of Israel who could believe in and welcome Jesus as the one who came to resolve the sorrow of 4,000 years on behalf of the Father's hard work and the 4,000 years of history, Jesus had no choice but to die on the cross. Therefore, to complete this work, Jesus must return.
We, who are at the end of the age, which must conclude the 6,000 years of history, must stand alone before God and the Trinity and say, "Please let me take on Your sorrow as my sorrow. Please let me take on Your hard work as my hard work. Please let me take on Your hope as my hope." You must have the heart to prepare for the day of Jesus, knowing that although you are an individual, you can represent heaven and earth.
You must become the ones who are. You must become Christians of that world.

You, who must prepare for the second coming of Jesus, should once again reflect on the life of Jesus Christ, who came and went. You must become people who experience the circumstances of when Jesus was born, when Jesus lived, and when Jesus left as your own circumstances.

You should have the same sense of responsibility that Jesus felt when he realized that he had the duty to redeem all mankind with God's deep heart. You must have the heart that you personally lay in the manger where Jesus, who was born in a wicked land, lay alone.

Although Jesus is the prince of heaven, when he was born on this earth, how could he be laid in a stable? The sorrow of Jesus, overwhelmed with grief, is one thing, but the internal sorrow of God looking at that Jesus is beyond words.

You must feel that sorrow to the bone. Furthermore, you, who are in the end times, must feel the responsibility that I alone have taken on the mission that Jesus Christ bore.

And even though he came for all mankind, you must be able to think of the circumstances of Jesus, who was treated poorly and found himself in a pitiful position. If there had been a suitable being on this earth who could comfort Jesus in his sorrow, he would have had circumstances that made him want to hold onto that one person and pour out all his hopes.

However, the Jewish community, which God had chosen over 4,000 years and prepared for Jesus Christ, did not know Jesus. They had nothing to do with the Jesus who lay in the manger in the city of Bethlehem. This situation once again deepened God's sorrow. No one defended the Jesus who was born in a stable.

We must now become the ones who can take away and resolve God's grievances and the grievances of Jesus, who came and went on this earth. Only then can we remove the conditions for Satan's invasion from our bodies. And if we know that the Lord who will come again will appear on this earth in place of 6,000 years of history, we must not stand in the same position as the people of Israel.

Their faith was not centered on Jesus, nor on the Messiah, nor on God, but centered on themselves. The Messiah will surely come, yet knowing that, no one prepared to receive the Messiah.

When the wise men from the East proclaimed that they had come to worship Jesus lying in the manger in Bethlehem, the whole city of Jerusalem was in an uproar. It was the fortune-tellers from foreign lands who came to find Jesus. However, this uproar was not a joyful event. It was not a joyful event.

Preparation for the Lord who is coming again

You, who believe in heaven today, must not remain in the position of the Jewish community that made mistakes over 6,000 years of history. Now you must be able to prepare for the coming Messiah and not only relieve the sorrow of the first coming of Jesus but also give glory to Him. This responsibility lies with you.

Today, when you enter a spiritual stage, a place of discussion with the Father, many instructions will come down to you, telling you to do this or that.

When the Lord comes to this earth, there will be food, clothing, a place to stay, and activities. However, the Jewish people who longed for the Messiah did not know this and did not prepare to receive the Messiah. No one was waiting with even a single outfit prepared.

If there had been someone with such a desperate heart, when the three wise men came to Jerusalem and said so, the whole Jewish people would have followed the wise men to Bethlehem. However, on the way, there were only the three wise men.

This sorrowful mark left behind was the sin committed by our ancestors who claimed to follow God and uphold God's will. You must not stand in such a position today. You must be able to prepare to receive the coming Lord with your heart and body, inside and out.

Then, what must we, who are in the end times, and all Christians around the world, mobilize to do? If the Jewish people, who longed for the Messiah, had become a people who prepared a place for the Messiah to be born, they would not have laid Jesus in the manger. Likewise, Christians must become those who can prepare a place for the Messiah to be born.

Gifts for the Lord who is coming

You must not think of the fact that Jesus was wrapped in swaddling clothes and lying in a manger as something joyful. Jesus should have been laid in a position of glory, more than anyone on this earth, more than anyone in the 4,000 years of history. And as the Son of God, He should have been cherished and praised by all mankind. Moreover, He was the one who should be boasted of before Satan.

However, what must have been God's sorrow as He looked at the Jewish people who could not receive Jesus? You must understand this sorrow of God.

Therefore, you must now take on God's heart and, knowing the sorrowful heart of Jesus from 2,000 years ago, become someone who prepares gifts in secret. Heavenly gifts cannot be shown before Satan. They cannot be shown before people either. That is why the Bible says that the most precious gifts were not made known. Why? Because no one should know first. The one who should know must know first. If Satan knows first, it becomes a problem.

You must prepare gifts for the Lord who is coming, which are precious gifts that cannot be exchanged for anything on this earth.

When the Lord personally comes and acts, you must find a foundation of service in your own body so that the Lord does not feel difficulties either mentally or physically. This is because, above all else in this world, your body is the most precious thing.

This precious being, a reality that can replace the universe, must build a foundation of eternal peace when the beloved Son of the Father comes. And when the heart and body are united, when Jesus comes again, you must become the hands and feet of Jesus, live in place of Jesus, and comfortably receive Jesus. You must also become someone who can fight the battles that Jesus fought 2,000 years ago.

Jesus Christ fought for 2,000 years, and now you must have the heart to take full responsibility for that battle against Satan, and you must also have the heart to prepare the shield for that battle with your own body. And you must deeply empathize with the circumstances of Jesus at the time of his birth, and afterwards, you must empathize with the heart of Jesus while he lived on earth.

Tears and prayers of Jesus

If you truly seek the Father now, if you seek the embrace of Jesus' love, you will shed tears.

God has been sorrowful for 4,000 years but could not express that sorrow, while Jesus lived with tears. Although it is mentioned only in a few places in the Bible, the hidden truth of Jesus shedding tears is countless.

When God looked at the Jewish people whom He has loved through providential history for thousands of years, there was never a moment when He did not shed tears. Every time Jesus prayed before God, He shed tears. Whenever He faced difficult and lonely situations, Jesus grieved in a way that only the Father could understand. However, Jesus could not speak of this sorrow to His disciples. You must understand this situation of Jesus.

Jesus went up to the Mount of Olives and prayed all night, and this was not just a one-time occurrence. He did not only pray in the Garden of Gethsemane.

While walking a difficult path, there was no place to express His sorrow except for heaven. Yet, He did not intend to entrust that sorrow to heaven. Rather, He asked to bear that sorrow Himself.

"Father! I will take on the sorrow that makes You grieve. Father! Please find comfort in me! I will bear Your sorrow, so do not grieve." This was the kind of appeal He made. And He prayed, "I will take responsibility for the labor of 4,000 years, so Father, do not worry. I am here, so do not worry that Your hope is lost."

From the time He became aware, Jesus had sorrow. He experienced sorrow from the moment He grew up because the people of the world did not receive Him.

Jesus grew up as a stepson in Joseph's household. So, although the whole village spoke much about Jesus, He lived a life of silence. He grew up as an ordinary child while harboring the unexpressed, great, and amazing will of heaven. You must not think that the life He lived as a carpenter for 30 years was a good life. Jesus, who should have stood in a more noble position than anyone in the nation of Israel, revealing the joy and glory of the Father, lived to support Joseph's life by carrying a plane and a chisel. What kind of statement is this?

Today, if there are sons and daughters who wish to uphold God's will and want to relieve God's grievances, they must learn to walk by following the example of Jesus.

If you want to know the life of Jesus, you must resonate with the heart of Jesus, who replaced the amazing gifts, empathize with that heart, and enter into that difficult position. Then you will realize that Jesus' sorrow transcends time and daily life, and that Jesus' life was a life where He could never feel peace at any moment.

However, Jesus, who came for the earth, grieved so that He would not turn the sorrows of the earth to heaven. Today, those who believe in Jesus often try to pass their own crosses and sorrows to heaven. We do not believe in Jesus for that reason. However, the sorrow of heaven is the sorrow caused by me, and I will bear that sorrow. "God, do not worry," is the mindset of someone who has experienced a part of Jesus' belief and life.

Are you my friend?

Now, if the footprints of Jesus' sorrow, who lived for over 30 years with tears, remain, you have the responsibility to relieve them.

Jesus lived in sorrow for over 30 years and ultimately bore the cross and passed away, but at the final moment, He cried out, "Abba, Father, why have You forsaken me?" yet was filled with a painful heart to fulfill His purpose.

Then, if today you look at the world with the heart that I am a friend of Jesus, you will not be able to look at this world without tears. Jesus shed tears every time He moved His feet, every time He moved His body. There was never a moment when He did not shed tears. Similarly, among the believers today, if there is someone who lives each day with a heart of repentance before heaven, that person will become a friend of Jesus.

In churches and families, if there are people who can shed tears for one another, knowing the heart of Jesus and wanting to comfort God, there will surely be infinite life and love present, even without demanding it from God. You must understand that God is seeking Christians who can connect with His circumstances, emotions, and content.

If the Lord were to come to this earth today, He would ask, "Are you truly my friend who has endured over 30 years of suffering?" He would also ask, "To what extent have you embraced God's painful heart, and how many days have you lived with the world's sorrows?"

You must understand that because humanity did not receive Jesus, they handed Him over to Satan as a condition. And you must overcome this condition.

Why do we live today? Before this body dies, before this dust enters my eyes, we must become people who can hold onto the life of Jesus and cry out, and become true people who can raise up what was trampled in Jesus' life. Therefore, you must fulfill this responsibility while you are alive.

That is why today, I am not just a simple "me." You must not think of yourself as just the age you have lived so far. Each of you must feel that you carry a cosmic mission to bear the fruits of God's restoration providence from Adam and Eve to Jesus and the 2,000 years since Jesus.

Therefore, just as Jesus stood boldly before His enemies, you must also be bold even if you face the suffering of the cross. Even if you shed tears, do not shed them for yourself; if you cry, do not cry for yourself.

If you are to cry, cry for Jesus. Then how joyful will Jesus, who thinks of you and cares for you, be? And God will understand your circumstances. Even if you shed tears, you must become someone who sheds tears with that heart. Those who shed tears for themselves are not needed. Only those who shed tears and repent for Jesus and God's love will become the sons and daughters of God.

When you face the suffering of the cross, if you truly feel the love of the Father and feel that you are within the realm of the Father's love, you may find it hard to pray. I have felt that way. Even when a burden as heavy as a thousand tons was placed on my shoulders, I did not pray, "Father, lighten this burden for me." 

Such prayers should not be made.

The loving Father knows me in such a position. If I were to pray, "Father, I am carrying such a burden," to the Father, who is already in a sorrowful position, I would only bring a second sorrow to the heart of the suffering Father.

You must understand even these things and approach God and Jesus. Even if there are only a few people with such a heart among thirty million people, they can prevent the sorrows of this nation. We must never appear to be crying because of our own sorrows.

Jesus, who was anxious to comfort the Father

Jesus came to this earth with a cosmic mission but suffered throughout His life. However, He did not pray for His own sorrow; rather, He was anxious to comfort the Father's heart and alleviate His concerns. While looking at the earth, He was pained to tolerate the ignorance of humanity. However, Jesus' life did not end merely as a life of tears for over 30 years. He stepped forward to take on God's labor, living with the heart to glorify the Father's will, whether He lived or died.
Jesus lived for the purpose without caring whether God recognized Him or not, whether people on earth acknowledged Him or not, and regardless of time and place. Although Jesus came to completely fulfill His purpose, He did not despair or feel troubled when He was crucified. Even when He went to the place of death, Jesus did not justify Himself. As you know, He did not make excuses as He went through Pilate's court, up to the summit of Golgotha, and was nailed to the cross. He was the protagonist without excuses. Jesus felt it was His responsibility that people opposed Him like that. We, who believe in Jesus Christ, must become friends of Jesus, who lived as the incarnate Jesus and as the resurrected Jesus.

What did Jesus become friends with? He did not become friends with life but became friends with death. Many people have walked the path of death throughout history, but only Jesus became a friend of death on behalf of all humanity and died on behalf of all. Therefore, Christianity is a religion of death and sacrifice, and the truth of Christianity is the truth that overcomes death. Jesus's activities were about destroying His own body. Yet, we must recognize that His path was one of love without resentment.

Because Jesus was a friend of death, even when death was imminent, He did not care about it. You must understand that He lived a life that could die for His enemies. In the end, even God said He did not know the Jesus who was crucified. At that time, Jesus cried out, "Abba, Father, why have You forsaken me?" This was not a cry of despair that all hope seemed lost, but a cry of concern that He could not fulfill the Father's will completely due to His death. Because Jesus had fulfilled His responsibilities, He did not care whether the Father sent Him to heaven or hell. Jesus, who was in a position to be a friend of death, sought to be satisfied with dying and to fulfill His mission through death.

Jesus came with cosmic love, but no one recognized it. Although He brought such an amazing gift, once He embarked on the path to become a friend of death, He had no lingering attachments. He came to fulfill the hope of heaven, yet even when heaven did not respond to that hope, He did not argue or complain.

When we seek God, there is a final peak. Even if you put forth your utmost sincerity, there may come a time when heaven says it does not know you. When heaven says it does not know, it is because a global mission is set before us. Therefore, Jesus also had to bear a global mission, which is why He faced such circumstances. Likewise, you will encounter such situations. Even if you devote yourself and your life to the Father, there will be times when heaven says it does not know.

However, you must be able to say that whether you live or die, it is the Father's will. If you have hope, you must have the hope of fulfilling the Father's will alone. You must become a person who can say that not eating or not wearing something is a joyful matter.

The final peak on the path to seeking God
Today, you must not become a person who believes in Jesus to go to heaven. Those who believe in Jesus to die will go to heaven. If you believe in Jesus not to live well but to die well, that will be a precious faith. Where did the twelve apostles, who hoped to live well, go when Jesus died?

You must believe not for your life to live well, but to sacrifice your life well, that is, to die well. To do this, we must resemble the life of Jesus. We have the responsibility to uphold the life of Jesus in history. We have the responsibility to carry His life. Only by having the life of Jesus can we have the love of Jesus. We can only receive the love of Jesus by welcoming Him. You must also have the character of faith that can emulate the hard work Jesus has done for two thousand years.

Moreover, since God's providence has been extended for six thousand years, you must be able to welcome the one who will take responsibility for that six thousand years of providence. You must have the time to invite and welcome the Father or the Lord when He appears to you. That time should not be just one or two hours but should be eternal.

So how can you qualify to welcome the Lord? Above all, you must be able to take responsibility for the sorrow of God's six thousand years and comfort Him. You must be able to go before the Lord who has labored and say, "I will do this and that. I will welcome You in this way. I have prepared this and that." You must be a saint who can say, "Lord, come! Lord, reveal Yourself!" Such a saint cannot fail.

This great mission lies before us. However, many people do not know this. They do not realize that the internal heart of Jesus and His internal hope revolve around each one of us today. What will happen to such people? Those who do not know will perish. The time will come when they will strike their own chests.

To welcome the coming Lord
You must welcome Him with your heart, with your body, with society, with the world, and with heaven and earth; this is the responsibility of the sons. Yet today, you cannot even welcome Jesus with your heart. You must realize that you have not even started to welcome Jesus.

Welcoming Him with your heart, with your body, with society, with the nation, with the world, and with heaven and earth should bring glory not only to you as individuals but also to your families, societies, nations, and the entire created world. You may not have imagined that such a universal mission exists for you.

Therefore, you, who have gathered with this mission, must not be petty. You must not become cowardly or foolish. Even when facing countless enemies, you must stand tall. You have the responsibility to welcome Jesus, who comes with cosmic glory and cosmic love. You must step forward with your heart and substance into the cosmic position.

However, Christians who are satisfied with just being diligent for themselves or their families are not needed. Christians who are satisfied with just one church are not needed. Even if thirty million people are all Christians, we need representative Christians who can stand on behalf of the nation. Even if all two billion people in the world believe in Jesus, we need representative Christians who can stand on behalf of those two billion people.

We must qualify to govern all the angels in the spiritual world, and we must be able to say boldly that we have done such a valuable work before them. To do this, Jesus Christ came.

Jesus, who came to fulfill such a great mission, is the Jesus we must earnestly welcome. Yet how have we lived as we look toward Him? We have no face to show. Even if we shed tears for six thousand years, it is not enough. Even if we beat our chests and weep for six thousand years, it will not be enough. We must not become shameless people in such a position.

Even if you must die immediately, even if you must fall and be trampled, you must not change the integrity and loyalty you possess. You must be able to stand boldly before all creation and establish the dignity of the children of heaven.

Children of integrity and loyalty
You stand on a difficult path. No, you stand on a path of fate from which you cannot turn back. On this path of fate, you must carry your beliefs and inner loyalty throughout your life.

You must weep. 
Even if I welcome the Lord, I must welcome the global Lord, the cosmic Lord, the Lord who transcends six thousand years of history and embodies the eternal ideal world. I must welcome such a Lord, yet I have only been satisfied with welcoming the Lord of my family or the Lord of my nation.

You must repent and weep for this.

Do you feel the responsibility and mission for this era? Have you ever thought that you must fulfill the ideals that all humanity has hoped for from the beginning of creation until the end when the ideals are completed? Have you felt such a cosmic sense of mission?

Moreover, you must have the mindset that you are a person who can fulfill such a mission and still have something left. When you pray from that standpoint, you will not need many prayers. If there is someone in that position, just one word, "Father!" will resonate completely. There is no need for explanation. There is no need for logic.

Before speaking, we must qualify to step forward without hesitation due to the intuitive shock of the heart. We have stepped forward with such treasures. Now that you have started, are you not bound by any conditions? Are you not stopping at some point along the way? In your life journey, how far have you come? You must start from the individual and run through family, society, nation, and world, all the way to heaven and earth. You must recognize that there is such a universal mission. Only then can you meet the Lord.

Jesus Christ is looking for a true person who can welcome Him, to shed all the sighs of six thousand years, to hold onto Him and shed tears of gratitude, saying, "Father, the being You wished to find is here. Father! Rejoice!" On that day, a glorious response from heaven saying, "Yes!" must come forth before humanity.

You, who fight with that day as your standard, must fight today and fight tomorrow, becoming someone who can dedicate your entire life. Thus, you must become a pioneer in the path of eternal life, a vanguard, and be adorned as a cosmic bride who can welcome the cosmic Lord.

You must remember that you cannot stop fighting until you receive the glory of victory, the love of the Father, and eternal life, becoming a bride representing all creation and the entire universe, and until you can eternally share joy and sorrow with the Father.

Chosen ones for the restoration of the kingdom of heaven
John 15:1-22
<Prayer (I)> Now we have reached the last Sunday of this year. Father, when have we ever thought of Your heart and worried about it? When have we fought for Your work? When have we truly loved You?

Father, please forgive us for not being able to fulfill the responsibilities You entrusted to us with a heart of concern throughout this year. There have been many commands and orders You have given us while placing us in this insignificant position, yet we have not fulfilled that mission. Please allow this body to accomplish the great purpose You require.

Please forgive the people on earth who do not know the times and seasons and cannot move toward the standard of fulfilling the desires of heaven. Even though we have come through the path of struggle, we cannot help but feel ashamed when we see that the fruits of victory have not appeared before You.

To Your sons and daughters gathered here, please reassign all the responsibilities You entrusted to us in the past, so that we may run for Your will. Grant us the discerning hearts to know when we can receive Your love, both internally and externally.

Father, the mission You have entrusted to us is not just to find ourselves today, but to find the nation, the world, and to resolve the grievances of heaven. We feel humbled before You, as we must follow Your commands.

Father, please raise us, who are weak and lacking, before You, and allow Your mercy and grace to overflow beyond this place and into the world of Satan. We earnestly desire this.

Father, have mercy on this nation. Have compassion on the countless churches gathered on behalf of this nation. Allow them to know the great purpose and providence You have.

So that each church may uphold Your will, and each nation may uphold Your will, please allow this nation to fulfill Your will, so that all two billion people in this world may fulfill Your desires and that the day may come when all humanity can sing of that glory.

On this day, we present all our shortcomings and gather before Your knees, believing in Your merciful love. Please protect us with Your love of mercy, embrace us with the gifts of glory, and uplift us with new courage and new strength. Father, we earnestly desire this.

Now, in this hour, may heaven and earth rejoice with You, and may Your good love dwell in this place, allowing us to return the glory that is bound in the oneness between You and us, and to receive love from You.

There are sons and daughters kneeling alone in the regions, building altars before You. If we have entrusted the entire mission of the end times to them, please allow them to represent Your will and manifest only Your will wherever they are. We earnestly ask for this.

On this day, may the glory of joy be upon the heads of all, and we pray in the name of our beloved Lord. Amen.
<Prayer (II)> Father! We thank You for finding and raising us, allowing us to fight until this time. Today, we have a mission to fight for a day of Your glory with all our body and heart, so please allow us not to grow weary.

Father, as we follow Your command to go, even on the difficult path where we cannot turn back, we have felt so much that You are with us, even on the path of death. We cannot help but thank You for leading us and enduring so much for us.

Father! It has been a long time since the promised day and the day of permission have passed, and we feel ashamed before the purpose You have granted. Now, Your sons and daughters gathered here, if we cannot repay Your glory on this day, please allow us to repay it with tears.
Father! According to the command to endure and bear, please allow the wishes of our ancestors who have appealed for this nation to be fulfilled at this end time. We earnestly hope and wish that You will quickly reveal Your will before all humanity and give us Your command. 

Father, among the sons and daughters gathered on behalf of the nation, are there any children who do not realize Your great will? Please allow us to understand the heart of the Father that pierces our bones and flesh.

We know that the path we must take is long and treacherous. No matter what barriers may arise before us at any given day or hour, please grant us the strength to break through, and do not allow us to become those who blame before our enemies. Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this.

Father! Please allow the sons and daughters gathered here today to settle all matters and resolve everything that has been entangled for 6,000 years. While we resolve our individual shortcomings, please allow us to also resolve the shortcomings of this nation in this one place. Thus, please allow us to settle all the shame that has existed throughout the 6,000 years of human history. By doing so, may this time become a day when we can establish a condition of victory before Satan and overcome. Father, we earnestly hope for this.

Father, please allow us to be like children who know nothing. Let us be those who only know how to obey when led, and who only know how to submit when guided. Please allow us not to have any of our own opinions or concepts remaining, and let us become a good group resembling the pure heart of a child, so that whether we live or die, we may keep this one path, and even if it is a path of blood and flesh being torn apart, please allow us to run forward. We earnestly hope and wish for this.

There are lonely family members widely spread in the regions, prepared to fight and keep Your will, even at the cost of their lives, so please do not let them become weary. At this time, please grant them courage and the impulse of righteousness, so that they may welcome a day of joy and glory under a new determination and new resolution. Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this.

At this time, please tolerate our shortcomings. We have nothing to boast of and nothing to carry. We only have a desperate heart that wants to be embraced in the arms of Your love like a little child, so Father, please manifest Yourself at this time and discern each heart, and bless us according to the measure You have created. We earnestly hope and wish for this.

Among the sons and daughters gathered here today, please do not allow any to be led away by Satan, and let this one hour be a time of determination to raise the flag of joy and victory, so that we may forever give glory to You, Father, with a shout of Hosanna. We earnestly request this, and I pray all these things in Your name. Amen.

<Prayer (III)> Father! We have learned through the Word that heaven and earth are one body. When we think that heaven is the subject and we are the chosen people for the restoration of the heavenly kingdom, we realize that we cannot live even for a single day or a single moment without receiving the essence of heaven's love and life. Yet today, we have not been able to live receiving the essence of love that comes from the eternal God as a single leaf and branch of heaven. Please forgive us.

Father! Now that the end time has come and the day of judgment is imminent, please allow us to be grafted into Your love centered on Jesus Christ, who is the perfect root. We know that You are our Father, who longs to harvest the fruits of love that are bound together through Your eternal love and the love of Jesus and the Holy Spirit. However, we are so inadequate, imperfect, and immature that we fear becoming obstacles to Your harvest.

Now we entrust ourselves to You, Father! Please nurture and care for us. Allow us to be refined through trials and tribulations, so that we may be completed as a mature fruit. Through the touch of Your eternal love, let us become the fruit that establishes the eternal kingdom of heaven and become harvesters who can gather.

Father! This was not something that was first foretold today, but it is something that was already foretold long ago in the Old Testament and during the time of Jesus 2,000 years ago. Knowing this, we must become the harvest that can be gathered before heaven today, and we must become the fruit that can bring rest to heaven. However, when we examine ourselves, there may still be those who do not feel completeness. If that is the case, please allow us to repent before You and become children of repentance who can take the place of Jesus Christ's sorrow, as we lament our inadequacies. Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this.

Father, as we gather on this day, please fully govern their hearts and let them be governed as the center of Your operation. Do not allow any evil concepts or claims that are unworthy before Your will to be tolerated.

Let those gathered here be completely sanctified children by adding sanctification upon sanctification, and let this one hour be a time when only You can operate and only You can intervene. Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this.

Now, please allow us to understand that You are urging the establishment of the day of Christ through us, and let us recognize that this is the time when You wish to manifest the love of Christ through us. Also, let us understand that You are longing for us to embrace the tribulations of Christ in this 20th century. Father, please guide our steps toward the heavenly nature so that we do not center ourselves, and do not allow us to remain in a place of self-centered prayer.

Please allow us to break free from all elements that can be invaded by evil. No matter how treacherous the path may be to fulfill Your will, even if it is a path where we may fall and despair, please hold us and help us endure. Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this.

We know that we are not of the earth, and therefore cannot receive the glory of the earth. As You foretold through Jesus Christ, after passing through 2,000 years of history, there are heavenly people, children of heaven, who possess true love and true principles of the Father. We know that they have not been welcomed on earth in any century or era.

Father! Today, as we stand in the place of Jesus, please allow us to endure when the altar that will fulfill what Jesus could not accomplish on earth faces persecution. Even when we live for heaven and face humiliation, hardship, and sorrow from humanity on this earth, please allow us to overcome and remain steadfast.

Today, after 6,000 years, Jesus is calling us, longing for the day of harvest. Please gather the historical sorrows and the traces of the blood and tears of the cross through us, and guide us to become shields of victory. Let us know that the embodiment of hope, Jesus, is still hoping that we will become those who can govern Satan.

Thus, we must bear the joyful will of the Father in our hearts and fight on behalf of heaven today. If this mission does not end in our lifetime, please allow us to be sons and daughters who resolve to subdue the enemy Satan through our descendants. Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this.

As we approach the new year, we must deeply prepare ourselves for the path of battle that risks life and death. No matter what enemies oppose us, may all sons and daughters be able to uphold their loyalty here. Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this. Thus, please allow us to clearly reveal ourselves as the sons and daughters who represent You before all creation and to be Your sons and daughters who can stand in place of heaven and earth. Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this.

On this day, please manifest the words You have allowed, soften the hearts, and let spirit move spirit, so that we may be reshaped before the touch of Your powerful hand. We earnestly request this, praying all these words in Your name. Amen.

<Word> The title I wish to think about with you is "The Chosen People for the Restoration of the Heavenly Kingdom." I will briefly speak on this title.

The End Time of the Providential History Where One Must Confirm Their Position

Today, we have reached the last Sunday of this year. If we do not fulfill the mission entrusted to us this year, we must fulfill it next year, and if we do not take responsibility for today, we must surely do so tomorrow. You all know this well through the Principle of Restoration.

The history since creation has passed through days, years, and long periods, with times and seasons changing, and 6,000 years have elapsed. However, now a great judgment is unfolding globally on this earth, and the providence of restoration that God must complete must be realized through you today, through the 2.4 billion humanity.

Now, facing the end of the 6,000 years of providential history, we who have joined to cooperate in the cosmic restoration history must clearly find our own position where we stand.

Therefore, each of you must reach the standard of the ideal of the final restoration that transcends the 6,000 years of history, and the center of creation, Adam and Eve. Furthermore, your families, society, and all of humanity must all surpass that standard. Until that standard is surpassed, God's providence will not conclude on this earth.

Thus, the tremendous and fearful labor of the restoration providence, the transgressions committed by our ancestors, and the parts they could not bear must be taken responsibility for and fulfilled by us, their descendants today. You must feel that you have this cosmic mission at this time.

Because Adam and Eve fell, the ideal of the heavenly kingdom was fundamentally destroyed, and the ideal of the heavenly kingdom that was to be completed through humanity fell completely from heaven. And still, we have not found the heavenly kingdom, nor the people to establish it, nor the families to form the people, nor the couples and children, and siblings to form the families.

The Restoration of the Heavenly Kingdom and the Right Life of Humanity

Therefore, the central purpose that God requires is the restoration of the heavenly kingdom. And the movement to restore the heavenly kingdom must be done as a gathering of the harvest. We must restore from the heavenly people to the children of heaven, the brothers of heaven, the couples of heaven, and the families of heaven to establish the heavenly kingdom. This mission remains for us.

The land we live in today, this world we live in today, is not the land of the heavenly kingdom, nor is it the world of the heavenly kingdom. It is a world centered on Satan, opposed to the heavenly kingdom. However, a historical turning point where the world of evil is restored to the good heavenly kingdom will surely appear at the end of history.

Today, the 2.4 billion humanity is overcoming the peaks of restoration according to God's providence, moving from individual restoration to family restoration, societal restoration, national restoration, and world restoration.

The central purpose of the gospel that Jesus Christ preached when He came to this earth was also the restoration of the heavenly kingdom. This standard of restoration means not only the restoration of your individual selves but also the restoration of families, societies, nations, and the world, ultimately to the cosmos. Therefore, from the day you believed in Jesus, you have been on the path of struggle for restoration.

The lives of people in the world today are not lives lived for the world. They say they live for the nation, but they do not truly live for the nation. They say they live for the family, but they do not truly live for the family. They also say they live for themselves, but they are not truly in a position to live for themselves.

Today, all humans in the world of evil must live for the world, yet they are not able to do so. Humans who should live for the nation, the people, the tribe, the family, and themselves have fundamentally lost that position.

Today, even though humans are centered on themselves, they cannot live centered on their hearts. When looking at myself, I have fallen to a degree where I cannot live centered on my heart, even though I should be living centered on my heart. I have become one who lives centered on the flesh. I have become one who lives only for physical satisfaction centered on myself.

In order to restore fallen humanity, God has been working to establish the body to subdue the heart, to establish the individual to subdue the family, to establish the family to subdue the nation, to establish the nation to subdue the world.

Therefore, in any society, individualistic people have stood in opposition to the revolutionary path of coming to believe in Jesus Christ. Those who have come centered on the family have also stood in opposition.

God works according to the progress of history, that is, according to the progression of the individual era, family era, national era, and the era of the state. In that progression, there have been difficult hurdles that humans could not follow.

The Center We Must Aim For and the Order of Restoration

Today, in this time when the 6,000 years of history is concluding, the ideology of Jesus Christ has been established as the ideology of restoration for the entire world on this earth. In other words, the ideology centered on Christianity is now appearing as the central ideology of the world. However, here, we are facing a counterattack from the enemy's ideology, and these two paths are in conflict.

Then, what standard should we aim for today? Through the hope of Jesus Christ, who established the ideology of the restoration of the heavenly kingdom, the ideal garden we must go toward is not just this world. The standard of restoration that God seeks is not just this earth. It is the ideology of the garden where heaven and earth unite as one, not two. Thus, God has been working to find a day of glory where we can harmonize and sing centered on heaven.

What we must understand in this time is that we must indemnify and restore all the sins of our lives.

Even when you come to believe in Jesus, a personal struggle will unfold. There will be a struggle between the body and the heart. Those who become casualties in that struggle cannot become citizens of the heavenly kingdom. When the evil movements centered on the flesh try to subdue the heart, if they cannot subdue it and achieve victory, they cannot become citizens of the heavenly kingdom.

Today, we have a mission to restore from the world to the nation, from the nation to the people, from the people to the family, from the family to the couple, and from the couple to the children and siblings. Because there is a principled standard of God's heavenly kingdom, we must first restore ourselves.
Heaven is in your heart. While you must complete the universal heaven, you must first complete your personal heaven. What this means is that you must establish a relative standard of body and mind to become a being that can stand before the Heavenly Parent.

Therefore, now you can be absorbed and harmonized in any field beyond the entirety of heaven, and to put it in terms of a tree, Jesus is the vine, and we are the branches of the vine, and we must take on the shape of a branch in any aspect. Thus, as branches, you going out through the trunk is what constitutes the return to heaven.

The stage of returning as citizens of heaven
The first stage you must seek is the stage of becoming citizens of heaven. The destiny to enter the stage of citizens of heaven is laid before you. You must renew your historical consciousness. Your existence should not be for yourself, but you must have the idea of being for your fellow citizens of the heavenly kingdom. Furthermore, you should have the idea of wanting to strive for the brothers of heaven, the couples of heaven, and the parents of heaven. This is not a partial idea but a universal idea. You must possess such a universal idea.

Moreover, if you live in society today, you must have the consciousness of that society, and if you live in a nation, you must have a national consciousness. If you belong to one nation, you must be able to love the people of that nation. Today, we must become people who can assert our will before God, who is working to build heaven. We must be able to love the citizens of heaven. We must recognize that we exist for the purpose of building heaven and for the world return, which is the will of the Father.

As mere believers in Jesus, we should not blindly serve Jesus, but we must become people who can believe in Jesus by harmonizing internally and externally with the fortunes of heaven and earth. God is establishing the ideology of the return to heaven centered on universal providence. We must become sons and daughters, and a people who can stand there. And we must be able to love our fellow citizens of heaven.

If there are believers among the many people around you, you must become someone who can regard them as brothers and fellow citizens. You must also encourage everyone to do the same. In light of this, your responsibility is immeasurably great.

So what does God require of us today, at the end times? It is for the believing saints to mobilize and build the garden of heaven. Thus, each individual must unite, and each nation must unite to form the citizens of heaven. You must understand this.

Looking longitudinally at 6,000 years of history, in the Old Testament era, the heavenly people were gathered, and in the New Testament era, the children of heaven were gathered. History has flowed like this, like a fisherman’s net.

Today, there are people in the world who are trying to build heaven centered on the ideology of the citizens of heaven. There are also those who seek to build heaven based on the ideology of heavenly children, heavenly brothers, and heavenly couples.

Standards of heavenly law and standards of heavenly life
Now you must learn to keep the laws of heaven in your daily life. To fulfill what heaven requires for the construction of heaven, you must know how to keep the laws of heaven. At the same time, you must know how to live a heavenly life. And while knowing how to live a heavenly life, you must become one in the love of heaven.

Then, what should we center on to keep the laws of heaven, as God has been working to restore heaven? We must keep the laws of heaven centered on the biblical words delivered to us through Jesus. Since the word is the law of heaven, we must live centered on the word. Here lies your path. In particular, you must live keeping the laws of heaven centered on the principle words that testify to internal truths through the biblical words.

So how should life be lived? You must live a life that substitutes for Jesus' thirty years of life. Your life today, in the end times, must be a life that testifies to Jesus Christ. Therefore, you must be able to show your life before all people. You must live a life like that which Jesus showed us.

You must live a life for heaven by following the life of Jesus, who kept the laws centered on God's word. Therefore, you must now live a life that substitutes for Jesus' life centered on the laws of heaven. Your hope and ideals must be God's love. Thus, to connect with God's love, you must establish conditions of harmony. This is what God is demanding from all Christians in the world today.

The sap of one branch flows into another branch. It circulates through any leaf or branch. In the same way, you must become someone who can harmonize with and support each other. Such a person will be able to possess the remaining love of God as an ideal.

Abandon the concept centered on oneself
Therefore, we Christians must abandon the concept centered on our individual selves and adopt a new concept that my existence represents the world and the universe.

Thus, when looking at our family members, we must understand that today’s person is not just that person. You must feel that they represent 6,000 years of history, represent eternal providence, and represent 2.4 billion humanity in a flat sense. Regardless of who it is, there is the promise of universal God's love in them. Therefore, you must become a collaborator before such a person. Because you have such a mission, you must be able to see the will of God's providence correctly and become a people who represent that will.

This applies to your personal life and family life as well. Your own children, your own parents, and your spouse do not exist for you. Your children are not your children for your sake, nor are your siblings for your sake, nor your parents. They exist for the sake of the nation, for the world, and for the Heavenly Parent.

We must know this and treat our children, siblings, and parents from that perspective. If you recognize and feel this in your life, you will not be able to speak of any person lightly.

We must not forget that there is a universal will of God in our individual selves. My existence is not for myself but exists for the world and for heaven and earth, representing the mission of return. Knowing this, all of you must live in unity.

Today, those of you who have come out on a so-called extraordinary path must now depart from a self-centered life. You must abandon the concept centered on yourself. Our Unification Church must also abandon a lifestyle centered solely on the Unification Church. This is because we are all cells and molecules of the universe.

In these end times, we must feel the historical actions and the providential actions of heavenly principles, and we must feel the overall actions of God's love. And you must establish your body to become victors in the battle against universal Satan, so that you can become necessary beings for the garden of heaven, and at that time, heaven will have a relationship with you. To fulfill this one hope, Jesus Christ came and went, and to accomplish this hope, the Trinity of God, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit is united in fighting against Satan.

When you try to fight against Satan today, you must discern whether the thoughts, concepts, or all your intentions are for yourself or not. If you think everything is for yourself, you will have no way to escape the realm of Satan.

And we Christians who are moving towards the world must transcend the historical consciousness within the world. We must become people who can grasp and feel the world with a universal historical consciousness.

Blessed are the peacemakers
So what will the world for restoration be like? What will society for restoration, family for restoration, and I for restoration be like? What is God's will for restoration? You must become someone who knows and transcends all of this. To do so, you must live relying on the word, have the serving heart of Jesus Christ, and be able to bring harmony among each other. Jesus said, "Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God." (Matt 5:9)

Wherever you go, a person who can bring peace can draw near to God. You have the responsibility to bring peace to every individual, the responsibility to bring peace to all nations, the responsibility to bring peace to the world, and the responsibility to bring peace between heaven and earth.

If you do not feel this practical responsibility in the living environment you are in, you must feel it in your heart at least. You must have the heart to become a sacrifice that can bring peace to individuals, families, societies, nations, and the entire world. Thus, you must become someone who can stand before the Father in opposition to Satan.

If you live in such a relationship, when you see someone doing good, you will feel the desire to bow your head and elevate them. And when you see someone doing bad, you will feel that guiding that person is my responsibility. If there is someone who lives with such realizations, they do not need to pray for their own individual needs. They do not need to pray for their family. Each of you must make a resolution and oath to build the heaven that God desires on this earth, and if you live for that, God will be with you.

Therefore, if there is a nation that can hold hands and build an altar of peace, that nation will bring about a continuous new revolution towards the world. The church will also be the same. If there are those who can hold hands and, following the example of Christ, become sacrifices for peace, even if their steps may seem unlikely to succeed or may seem to break, that is not the case. Their steps are firm steps towards the construction of the heavenly kingdom on earth.

Jesus Christ came to this earth bearing the amazing mission of heaven and earth. In the 4,000-year historical process, when there were no loyal subjects for heaven and no filial piety for heaven, Jesus Christ came to fulfill the mission of a loyal subject and a filial child that heaven required.

The life of Jesus for over thirty years was a life for heaven. It was a global and universal life. Moreover, His life was a sacrificial life for heaven. Therefore, you must follow Jesus Christ, who came as a filial child for heaven, a being that has never existed in history.

The will of the Father is to establish heaven. What is heaven? It is a world where all humanity holds hands, harmonizes, lives in mutual peace, and lifts their hands in glory and gratitude before heaven. When you think of this, the faith life we have lived today has been a very childish faith life. Now we must settle that childish faith life.

God who aims for the ideology of unification
Now the era of denominationalism has passed. The era of nationalism has also passed. Now is the time when we must seek a universal ideology of restoration and a universal ideology of faith.

Today, the Korean people are a pitiful nation. What this pitiful people must understand is that God's history breaks down the individual to establish the family, breaks down the family to establish society, breaks down society to establish the nation, and breaks down the nation to find and establish the world. This is the judgment of heaven.

Humanity has gone through such judgment, but what is the final issue that remains? It is to completely break the Cain line that has fought against Abel. Therefore, you must become a different person centered on the words of Jesus. You must establish the words of Jesus as the law and become a different person. You must all become loyal subjects and filial children of heaven who substitute for the life of Jesus.

Thus, you must come before God, who aims for the ideology of unification, and say, "God, please resolve the resentment that you have not been able to unify the world into one and love it until now through me."

However, today Christians do not realize that they have such a historical, universal, and cosmic mission before them.

So how much have you manifested the love of Jesus Christ today? To what extent have you equipped yourselves with faith and life through Jesus? You must know that boundary line.

The grace that comes through Jesus is universal grace. Therefore, today we must live with the consciousness of heaven. In all your actions, and even in all your feelings today, you must have the centered heart of "I am the representative of heaven" and live with that concept.

Even when you are scolded by all people and feel angry, you must suppress that anger with the realization that your one anger will cause 2.4 billion humanity to be scolded. Heaven has been coming with such feelings until now. If you know this and still become angry and act against God's will, what will happen? All members must unite and cooperate with each other.

Is there someone in difficulty? You must feel that person's difficulty as if it were a wound on your own body. And you must cooperate. This cannot be done only by the Korean people. All humanity must cooperate.

You must walk the path for the return to heaven. You must become sons and daughters who live receiving the love of the Heavenly Parent. After that, you must be able to host God, who is the center of the Heavenly Parent. The God you are calling out to, the Jesus Christ you are seeking and believing in, is not just God for you, nor is Jesus Christ just for you. However, today, those who believe in Jesus do not know this. They only know Jesus and God as being for themselves.

But that is not God's hope. That is not God's will. God's position is the center of all heaven and earth. Today, you must know how to host God in that way. However, this will only be possible for those who live a heavenly life.

Correct faith in God
So why has God been guiding the history of 6,000 years? It is to embrace the entire history in His one bosom. He is the God who wishes for not only the earth but also the spirit world to become one in His love and has longed for that day. If you wish to receive grace before such a God, you must pray, "Father! Please call me."

God's love must not stop with you. Today, you must understand that the gifts given by heaven are not just for you.
It is for saving you while simultaneously saving all of humanity.  
However, today, since humans live centered around themselves, many people wish to seek God, but there are very few who have received grace.  
Today, we must break free from this. We must penetrate and break through this to welcome the universal God as the universal God. We cannot help but feel a profound responsibility before such a cosmic God.  

**The Chosen People for the Restoration of Heaven**  
The garden of hope that you believe in and desire is not just your own garden of hope. The archangel fell because he tried to seek and believe in God centered on himself.  
The God that humanity believes in today is my God, and at the same time, He is the God of all humanity. He is our God, and at the same time, He is a global God; He is a global God, and at the same time, He is the God of heaven and earth. He is also the cosmic parent.  
However, when we look at the faith of those who believe in Jesus today, they are saying, "Be my God." And a little further, they are saying, "Be the God of my family." When we go a little higher, they say, "Be the God of our denomination." We must not have such notions.  
Today, there are many denominations that cry out to God in the world. However, the God who is called upon within the denominational circles is no longer needed. We must gather those who can believe and call upon that one existence, transcending denominations, as my Father, representing the whole. Only such beings can host God on this earth.  
Therefore, today, we must relate the concept that we feel to the whole through our families. You who have entered a new path must now abandon your past life and make a new historical start toward a cosmic life concept.  
At such a time, what kind of heart should you have? You must have a heart that can host the existence of the cosmic God. Thus, you can receive God's love and establish a relationship where you can give and take with God. Only then can you conclude the ideal of the cosmic bride.  
After concluding the ideal of the cosmic bride, you can seek the restored world. However, I can only appear as a bride before the existence of the cosmic God when the nations, peoples, brothers, children, and couples are restored. Only by reaching that position can I stand before the existence of the cosmic God centered on the love that has arisen from there and become one with that love. Thus, the couple that is united can govern this earth and live in heaven. Moreover, only by giving birth to children as such a couple can we build a heavenly family, and only by forming a people as such brothers and children can we finally conclude the restoration providence and live the life of the heavenly kingdom on earth.  
Thus, the great movement for the restoration of heaven is being presented through you today. Therefore, you must make greater efforts to fulfill that will and must not be cowardly before Satan. Just as Jesus Christ fulfilled the duty of a loyal son for one will, we must also equip ourselves with the duty of a loyal son.  
To complete the restoration of heaven and give glory to victory,  
not only this nation but all of humanity, and furthermore, all spirits in the spirit world must be made to know how to fulfill the duty of loyalty and filial piety before heaven, so that they can be sons, children, brothers, families, or even nations that can give glory to the victory of the restoration of heaven before the Father. You must surely understand this.  

**Prayer**  
Beloved Father, today we must run. Though we lack strength, we are facing an immense historical end where we must leap over dozens of stages at once. Even though I stand in a position where I must elegantly overcome the process of judgment, today we are deeply asleep.  
Father, we are intoxicated by the secular world. We are accompanied by sin. We, who are like this, earnestly wish and hope that after clearing away all elements of evil, we can be established as victors who can give glory to the Father, the center of the universe.  
All historical circumstances are entangled in our being today; please cut them off and establish a center of liberation so that we can stand in the position of a friend of Jesus Christ and be established as a joyful being who can worship before the Father.  
Let us, the chosen ones for the restoration of heaven, not be those who live centered on ourselves while trampling on the ideals of heaven. Allow us to be led by the ideals of heaven, to go forward and forward until we achieve that ideal, to sacrifice and sacrifice, to fight and fight, and to be able to endure and win until we can host You as the cosmic Father.  
Father, please forever govern our hearts. Now, through a new cosmic standard of living, allow us to be sons and daughters who can give thanks and worship before You, the center of the whole, and who can be immersed in Your love. I earnestly request this and pray all things in Your name. Amen.  

**Selected Words of Rev. Sun Myung Moon**  
**Volume 1**  
Printed January 15, 2002  
Published January 25, 2002  
Editor: Rev. Sun Myung Moon's Words Compilation Committee  
Publisher: Hwang Seon Jo  
Publishing Company: Seonghwa Publishing Co.  
Address: 172-1, Cheongpa-dong 1-ga, Yongsan-gu, Seoul  
Phone Number: 715-3894~6, 701-0110 (Cheongpa Bookstore)  
Fax Number: 701-1991  
Registration Number: No. 3-98  
Registration Date: May 20, 1961  