Mr. Sun Myung Moon's Selected Words
102
Compilation Committee of Mr. Sun Myung Moon's Words

Foreword
                   President of the World Peace Unification Family, Hwang Seon Jo

Table of Contents
  Foreword …………………………………………………… 3
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································

1)
The Main Current of Providence
Here in the West, we write horizontally, but in the East, we write vertically. Now, the horizontal and vertical must come together. Why do we write to the left instead of to the right? Have you thought about that? "Because we are trying to go from Satan's side to God's side." (Laughter) You can think of it that way. Ultimately, what it means is that it goes from a dark place to a bright place; I see that the principle of creation is like that. 
How is the Will of Providence Fulfilled?
Furthermore, the light is given by God who is above, shining down into the darkness. Therefore, Western civilization must turn to the East, and Eastern civilization must turn to the West. The East is where the sun rises. It rises and then goes this way. After that, it goes over there and turns back in the opposite direction. It goes from the East to the West. After returning, it must come down and then go up again. What does that mean? If God is light and ideals, then light, ideals, and everything must come to humanity, and humanity must return it to God. Everything returning is the principle of it.
Do you know why Western people's eyes are so big? It's because they look at things up close. It's realism, it's pragmatism. The civilization created by people with big eyes becomes a realistic civilization. Isn't that right? "That's right." People with small eyes look far away. Isn't that so? When you look far away, your eyes narrow. They don't get bigger. So, Reverend Moon's eyes are small. That's a characteristic. (Laughter) It's not a laughing matter. I don't have time to talk about that today, but think about it. That's the truth. Because of that, people with big eyes are afraid of the present, while those with small eyes are not afraid. It's relative. (Laughter)
Now, then, the current of providence... You will know when you encounter the current. Who is the one who seizes providence and pushes it forward? "God." It is God! Then, who is the one who forms the current of providence? "Humans." That's right, it is humans.
However, we humans, like water, cannot create water. Water exists naturally. Water is something that is originally there. So how does water come into being? It comes down as rain from above, and it also rises from below. Isn't that right? It combines to form a current of water. In that sense, God's will of providence is something that God has prepared, but it cannot happen with God alone; the upper and lower must come together.
Humans Must Follow the Current of Providence
Now, we know that rain comes and goes. Then, does a small stream of water become a big river like the Hudson River? What do you think? If you look at the Hudson River, do you think there is more rainwater or spring water? "There is more rainwater." How much percentage do you think? (Laughter) It will probably be over 90 percent. And the bigger the river, is its current shorter or longer? "Longer." The longer it is, the bigger the river will be.
Then, can the source where the river starts be completely different? There are many types of rivers, small and large, but can the shape of where the river starts be different? Is it the same or different? "It's the same." It's the same. When you think about everything, the source is the same. What is the difference? The difference is where it stops. If the environment is not prepared, it will naturally stop. You must understand this. You must know that the environment is an absolute requirement.
Now, there is a drop of dew hanging on a leaf. This drop of dew says, "I may be small, but I will move with all the water of the world! Wherever I go, all the water will follow!" That statement is correct. When this drop of dew falls into the current of the Hudson River, that statement is true. The whole world is following it. Isn't that right? Is that right or not? "That's right." However, if that drop of dew falls on a rock or on the ground when the wind blows, what will happen? (Laughter) In that case, what is the bragging about? It all becomes a lie. So one is correct, and one is fundamentally wrong. Is that right or not? "That's right."
In the same way, the principle applies to fulfilling the will of providence. So if there is a long current flowing, if you can "plop" into that flow, the bigger the river, the more magnificent it is. Do you think so too? "Yes." So if you look at the flow of thought in our human world, it is the same. The flow of thought is the same, and the flow of providence is the same.
Now, when we look at religion today, until now, humanity has been trying to find religions with a long history. What is different about our Christianity is that the current of thought centered on the Christian Bible today started from the first ancestors of humanity. Adam and Eve went down through the current of God's providence and fell from there.
Then, what would be like that river current? What is it? It is the current of love. The current of providence is the current of love. So, is love different? Is love different now than it was in the past? "No." Is it the same? "Yes." What is it? In America, they are making a fuss about same-sex marriage now. "No." (Laughter) It is the same, it is the same.
So, if this fell into the current of love, how much... But where did it fall? Where? In a place like a desert. (Laughter) So, what is the world like now? When viewed from the center of love, it is a desert-like world, a world like a rock. This has become a world where everything does not connect. So, this water that fell on the rock is evaporating and floating around. It is the same with you all. Now, you have become like a drop of water, floating around like this, wherever you go.
So, they are trying to create a cloud centered around clubs that resonate with each other. So, the place where the vapor stays is a high mountain. If there is a high mountain, it starts to gather here (while drawing). Where does it start to combine? Generally, it is difficult to combine, but it combines when it hits the mountain. So, the statement that religious movements or idealistic movements start in the mountains is valid. That's right. It is all the same. Buddhism is centered around mountains, Christianity is centered around mountains, Moses too... it is all about mountains.
Religion Seeks a High and Harmonious Spiritual Ideal
What is interesting? When you go to such mountains, the term "living water" does not refer to water that comes from flatlands. Isn't that interesting? Is that so? "Yes." It is a fact that spring water must come from high mountains. Does spring water come from high mountains? "Yes." Therefore, the clean water that can combine is the water that comes from the earth and the vapor. That is correct. Isn't it? The spring water that comes from the mountain and the vapor... Rain comes well from high mountains. When you see that, you can assure that many movements have occurred centered around the mountains.
Globally, where is the highest mountain? "Mount Everest." When you go to a place like Mount Everest, you feel a new taste, a fresh taste. So, what occupies the high mountain? "Snow." What is that snow? "Water." It is water that has gathered.
When you look at it this way, what does it symbolize? White symbolizes victory, authority, and strength. Is that right? "Yes." The higher the mountain, the more magnificent it is, but when you see it, you say, "It is high," but if there is only snow, you say, "Ah." If there is snow at the top, you say, "Ah." Isn't that so? "Yes." When you see that, water is the source of life. Isn't that so?
All living beings are made up of 75% water. Where there is harmony in water, there is life. When you have more water, you feel refreshed, right? When there is less water, you supply water, right? You know that controlling your body temperature at 36.7 degrees or so is all about water. It controls all life. Isn't that so? When you see that, water is absolutely necessary. From that perspective, what are you now? "Vapor." You are vapor, vapor. Vapor is all wandering.
Now, where does it collide? (While drawing) What is it? Religion is like making mountains in the human world. It is pursuing a spiritual mountain... Therefore, it is seeking a spiritual ideal. Do you prefer flatlands or mountains? "Mountains are better." White people all like flatlands, right? "No." Texas, Arizona, they are all flat. Isn't that so in America? What about the Indians? "They like mountains." (Laughter) There are two types. In the East, if you look, it is all mountainous areas centered around Mount Everest. Therefore, a harmonious terrain is good for taste and everything else.
From that perspective, a country like Korea is truly beautiful. I am not saying this just because I am Korean. It is all true. Why? Because when I drive in America, I can fall asleep in less than five minutes. But in Korea, you can't sleep even if you want to. Every alley is full of changes. (Laughter) But I am not saying everyone should come to Korea. Even if you come, there are worries. (Laughter) When you see it this way, you realize that harmony is necessary.
The Unification Church is Like a High Mountain with a Continuous Flow of Living Water
Now, we have a mountain called the Unification Church. Is the Unification Church a big mountain or a small mountain? "It is a big mountain." Is it a flat mountain like Mount Fuji, or is it a mountain like this? (While drawing) "It is a mountain with changes." How much change is there? Even while sleeping, it is good, even while going to the bathroom, it is good... (Laughter) The Unification Church members are complicated. 
Then, the wandering vapor can catch on anywhere. The greater the difference, the better. Going back and forth, the area of collision is large, and there are many places to catch, so is there less rain? More? "More." Is this a sand mountain or a rock mountain? "A rock mountain." Would a sand mountain be like this? A rock mountain must be like this; a sand mountain cannot be like this at all. So, do you like rock mountains or sand mountains? "We like rock mountains." If you are not careful, it can be dangerous. You can slip and fall, but on a sand mountain, you can slide anywhere, and it is safe. It is all good. You can sleep well, and you can roll around safely. However, here, you must hold on to something wherever you go. You must wear a belt to sleep. (Laughter) That is how it is.
But earlier, I said there is a spring on this mountain. If it is a spring from Mount Fuji, what is the spring water that comes from the top of a sand mountain? Is that spring water clean or dirty? "Good." What is good? What this means is that it is all mixed with sand. It looks murky. If there is living water on this mountain (rock mountain), what would it be like? "Very clean." (Laughter) However, would it be easy or difficult to find that living water? Would there be many spring currents coming out? "Few."
If there is living water here... If living water is here, everyone would say, "Ah, I drank living water from Mount Fuji." If there is someone bragging about drinking living water from a high mountain, and someone else who drank living water from Mount Fuji or another mountain, who would be bragging? "From the rock." Everyone knows that. (Laughter)
Then, what is good water? It is 100% necessary for the human body. Now, as soon as you enter here, even if you sweat it all out, you must know that the sweat itself is clean. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Then, if you sleep there, how delicious will your sleep be, and how good will it feel to breathe, and how light will your body feel? Just think about it. Then what will happen? You won't be able to stay still. "Hey, I feel so good, I want to jump with all my might. Even when I sing, I want to be the best, and in everything, I want to be the best." Isn't that right? You want to shout louder than anyone in history, you want to make the whole world resonate with your voice. Isn't that so? "Yes."
Is our Unification Church a high mountain or a low mountain? "It is a high mountain." A high mountain, that is good. Then, are you all vapor that becomes and disappears? "No." What kind of people are you? So what will happen? Are you all combining? You say, "Hey, you came from the West..." (The recording briefly cuts out) What will happen then? You become one, one. When you become one and continue like this, due to the temperature difference, when the vapor gathers in this mountain where the wind is strong and cold, it will rain immediately. It will rain right there. The water that falls as rain is also clean water. 
God Wants Strong, Tenacious, and Resilient People
Then, should it flow and then stop, or should it continue? "It should continue." Then what should happen? Here, a big spring must burst forth like a fountain and flow. (While drawing) Now, if there is a continuous flow of water that does not stop through spring, summer, autumn, and winter, then the next issue arises. Here, if it is complicated, and there are many spring currents, the droplets that fall can happen even daily. It goes out like this. It keeps getting bigger.
Everyone, where is the highest place in America? "Right here." (Laughter)
(clapping) Look at this. It's not Whitney Mountain. The highest and most dangerous place is Belvedere or Barrytown. You need to know that. Right? Isn’t that so? "If you go, it’s dangerous. Don’t go. Anyone, whether a man or a woman, will be in big trouble." It’s a big fuss. Right? "That’s right." So what about you all? Where are the people who are here? They are climbing up right now. This mountain, you know, if it just stood still, it wouldn’t be known, but if this mountain shook like rubber when the wind blew, wouldn’t that be great? (laughter) Then everyone would fall. Wouldn’t they? So, if we put shackles on this mountain, do you think it would be like a cage with the door locked? You need to think about that too. Why? Because God wants to pick the best, the number one in the world, in any sport or anything throughout history. He is trying to pick one person. To do that, if the mountain is still, anyone can climb it, but even if the mountain is upside down, you have to hold on and stay there. That’s what I mean. That’s why black people come here, white people come here, and Asians come here. Everyone has this heart that says, "I will reach the top." If you don’t have that heart, then… So, in the end, who do you think will remain? The son of a rich family or the son of a poor family? "The son of a poor family." Then what should you do? Be tough and resilient like this…

If there’s a tree on this mountain, and it grows, how wonderful would that be? God enjoys looking at that mountain, but in the end, what happens? If there’s a green tree here, He will look at that one and say, "Wow!" And if all the trees die and only this one remains green and stretches out, how much will we praise it? That’s wonderful. If there’s someone taking pictures, would they take this or that? Which one would they take? You all would feel the same way, wouldn’t you? Wouldn’t you? "Yes." 

So you came to the Unification Church, and the teacher will look for someone who, despite suffering, does not shrink back but stands tall and stretches out like a fresh branch. If there’s living water under this stream, how great would that be? Then the trees living in such a place would be trees that have everything in the world, a tree worthy of boasting throughout history. If such a tree could grow infinitely, how big would it be? Think about it. No matter how strong the wind blows… it would penetrate through the rocks. How about you? Wouldn’t that be great? "Yes." 

Then, if through the spring water it goes into the roots of the pine tree and becomes a single drop of water falling from the tip of the leaves, how proud would that be? If you look through history, there’s probably nothing more welcomed than this in the history of water. Our Unification Church is the same. God is doing such a history. Look. Reverend Moon, where would he be in terms of this mountain? If there’s this mountain, at first, there’s nothing, right? In the midst of having no life, the stream bursts forth, and spring water begins to flow. If God is there, He would want that the most.

How hard would it be to break through the rock? If there’s gold here, it would want to break through. It would get blocked here, and then it would get blocked again, and again… (drawing while speaking) There would be all sorts of circumstances, wouldn’t there? Water flows down through the holes made here. When you think about that, you would want to be connected here, saying, "Oh, what is this?" Then when you come out from the top, you would say, "Oh, what is that? Oh, I want to go there." And you would connect again, and here too… That’s how it’s meant to be, isn’t it? God would think that way too. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." So Reverend Moon thinks it would be good to make such holes. When God sees that, He wants it too, saying, "Hey, good job. Keep going! Yes! Yes!" and supports it.

Then when it explodes and bursts out, how would it be? (laughs) So when the water stream spreads from the top and disperses into vapor, if a rainbow spreads out like that, everyone would say, "Ah! Look at that!" Then here, Americans, those who want to be number one in the world, would go first by helicopter and say, "It’s mine." (laughs) That’s how it would be. It can happen. So if the spring water bursts forth, what kind of problem would that create? It would be amazing. If people want to see the scenery, they would all have to come here, drink the water once, and not only drink it but also want to feel good, look at the whole world, think about it, and dream about it. Wouldn’t they want to feel good and sleep beside it? Would they want to go down from there or live there? "They would want to live." That’s how it would be.

What is most important to God? Think about what is most important to God. God doesn’t need money. Does He need power? "No." Does He need knowledge? "No." What does He need? What could God possibly need? "Love." Why does He need love? Why is love good? Why does God need love? Look. The reason it’s good is that in good places, everything is completely good. The eyes that like it are the best, the nose that likes it is the best, hearing is the best, eating is the best, touching is the best, and thinking is the best. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." It’s one hundred percent good.

You need to rise above the standard of fallen love. So, our young men and women, when you reach puberty, speaking of you young women, in the West, when you turn fourteen, it’s usually like this, right? Breasts grow, hips grow, and all this strange climate arises within you, and you feel all fidgety, and your eyes become three-dimensional, your ears become three-dimensional, and it all becomes strange. (laughs) At that time, even if you try to keep your mouth shut, you end up doing this. (making expressions, laughter) Strange signs arise. When you see autumn leaves rolling, you laugh and say, "Ho ho ho." (laughs) Everything is strange.

What is that? Why does that happen? Even those who were quiet start to wander around. They want to float in the air. Have you all felt that? "Yes." (laughs) At that time, everyone is like a poet, everyone is like a literary person. When there’s a sign of love or something centered around oneself, everything becomes concentrated. So first love… You need to understand that for fallen humans, first love is within the standard of the fallen realm. Do you understand? So you need to start from a place of love that is higher than first love. You need to rise. Isn’t that right? "That’s right."

On the path to find heaven, if you cannot find a love that is higher than the first love of the world, centered around heaven, there is no way to return to heaven. Then, to achieve that, what should you do? Centering on the partner of your first love, you dedicate your life, then it becomes a matter of life, then a matter of material, then a matter of knowledge, and then a matter of power; everything becomes a problem. (drawing while speaking) If two people who are desperately in love want to enter the will of heaven, they must find a love that can let go of these things within a week. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

This level, you need to rise to a level higher than this, and only then can you connect and explode. Boom! It explodes. It’s like lightning striking from the sky. A lightning of love occurs. When that happens, everyone reconciles and becomes one. No matter how much you throw it away or put it in a sizzling fire, love does not change. Do you understand? "Yes."

Then the eyes become the best eyes, the ears become the best ears, the nose becomes the best nose, the mouth becomes the best mouth, and the heart becomes the best heart… (laughs) You all, try to keep your mouth shut and hold your nose tightly. When you reach the brink of death, saying "I’m going to die!" try to breathe out. (gesturing) It’s better than that. It’s a level better than that. Do you understand what I mean?

That’s why even when you’re about to die, you end up thinking about your partner; you can’t think of anything else. Do you understand? You all feel the same way, right? "Yes." At that time, you white people would think, "Oh, their face is so pale. Oh, their face is so yellow. Their face is so black." Wouldn’t you? "No." Black and white would reconcile at once with an "Ah." You need to enter a realm without thought, a realm of that kind.

So why is God good? Because God is the subject of love. When He breathes the breath of love, it needs to be in sync, "Hoo—hoo—, hoo—hoo—, hoo—hoo—" (breathing in and out) That’s possible because of that. Isn’t it? The distance between God and man must always be the same; if it’s even a little smaller, it keeps getting smaller. In the end, it stops. It’s bound to stop. Similarly, if you just break through once, God would truly say, "Ah! That’s good!" and people would say, "Ah! That’s good! That’s good! That’s good!" (laughs) This is what you should try to make last for a thousand years. If you become one, the closer you get, the better it is…

So, when I talk about this… When a man hugs a woman, it feels like the waist disappears, and you feel that "eventually, there’s no waist." It feels like it’s gone. So, you have to reach a level where you say "It’s gone," and only then does "It is" begin. You have to say "It’s gone" to say "It is," and you have to say "It is" to say "It’s gone."

So, why does God like love? If God has five senses, all the sensations of the five senses become one, and God enjoys it, opening His mouth and laughing, "Ha! Ha!" and the universe plays along. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." So, I talked about this at the recent scientists' conference, but the human body is double. This (drawing) is like a single sound box. If you strike this, even if this one doesn’t get hit, it’s the same… Do you understand? Then this spreads out. So, when these two resonate, what kind of phenomenon occurs? It creates a three-dimensional effect. If there’s a person like this, it becomes a big sound box, and if there’s a sound box centered around God, it resonates, "Bing—" When this happens, it goes "Boom—." Here, if the men strike "Bang!" and these two become one, it goes "Ding!" and the woman goes "Ding!" When the two become one, then God resonates. (laughs) It has to be like that…

So, why do men need women, and why do women need men? To resonate with God’s love. Then what happens? "Ah! That’s good!" You feel good even if you don’t eat or sleep. So, do you women need men? "Yes." You men, do you need women? "Yes." Why, why? Only when the love of a perfect man and woman resonates can God’s love be complete… That’s why religion must be a place where the power of love that transcends the love of worldly men and women is involved. (recording momentarily cuts out)

American women also want to absolutely believe in and follow Reverend Moon, and you all, American youth also want to absolutely believe in and follow Reverend Moon. There’s that strange power. Young men and women are willing to risk their lives for the path of first love, but once they taste the essence of the Unification Church, it’s not just about life; they would go even if it means death.

And if you don’t listen well to the teacher’s words or don’t act on what is said, pain comes, and if you follow the teacher’s words, even if it’s hard, you feel strength. Isn’t that so? "That’s right." That kind of action occurs. In fact, if I directly guide you, it would be faster. If I guide each individual’s heart, everything gets entangled. The teacher is in your hearts, right? "Yes."

Why is that? Today, in this world of life, the sun is central. Wherever the sun goes, it can go anywhere. God’s love is the eternal sun of life. Do you understand what I mean? You are undergoing such training right now. That’s why when you go to the spirit world, everything adjusts according to the direction centered around God.

So right now, you are in the position of a drop of water, and you need to become a resonant body like this. Pure, pure water! It must be water that true people of the world can drink and also pure water that God can drink. Your hearts are pure, but how about your bodies? They are dirty. But your hearts have also been dirtied. So when you think of "God’s love," you need to feel that it resonates from your hearts, "Woo—" Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

So what does God need? "Love." Why does He need love? "So that He can be happy when He sees it…" That’s right. Only then can God truly rejoice. The absolute God rejoices absolutely.

So, if I hit you, should this change? No matter how much I hit you, should it change or not? "It should not change." Like pure gold, the more you go into the crucible, the more you should shine. When you go into the crucible, will there be a lot of things to burn or few? "Few." There should be nothing to burn. If you put you into the crucible, will there be black smoke or white smoke? "White smoke." (laughs) Let’s stop with the smoke; there will be steam.

Look. Reverend Moon is a person who came out of Korea. Flowing like a river from the foundation that God has prepared, it passes through Korea, then Japan, crosses the Pacific, comes into America, and then goes through Europe… Now it is flowing like a stream. So, just like those living by the Hudson River drink the water of the Hudson, in the future, there is a possibility that everything will move under the influence of the Unification Church. Is it delicious water or tasteless water? "Delicious water." How much? Fresh and pleasant, good for the eyes, good for the ears, and all five senses are good!
That's why people who join the Unification Church cannot live anywhere else. When I went to Korea this time, I heard that someone who had left the Unification Church was crying, saying, "Oh, I want to see the teacher, but I can't go." Do you understand what that means? 
"Yes." Is the Unification Church a good place, is it fresh water? "Yes." Now, with this, it is currently influential worldwide... In America, when you say "Moonie," it has become a term. These days, it even appears in cartoons and has become an interesting anecdote. At first, I thought I would just taste it, but on the day I just tasted it, I became so alert that I thought, "Wow!" and that was an accident. I wish that wasn't the case, but because it is, the America that opposed it is in big trouble. This is because, with America's military power and political power, no matter how much they try to provide top-notch education to the citizens, it won't work. (Cheers. Applause) 
Our Unification Church members, you know, have suffered after joining, but when you look at their faces, they shine. When we went to Korea this time, it became known that "people who join the Unification Church do not age." They thought that once you join the Unification Church, everyone would become ugly and miserable, but instead, everyone became vibrant. They said, "Oh, even though they are that old, they look young." Do you understand what that means? 
Look. How much worry is there in the world right now? "Oh, what will happen if I go out like this?" they wonder. How dangerous it is... Think about it. Is there any day that is comfortable? Think about it. So, you Unification Church members... Clean water is always blue. Is that true? Is it blue? "Yes." In summer, the leaves are green, right? It becomes green because it absorbs a lot of blue water. Since it absorbs all the blue water, it looks green. Have you thought about that? "Yes." 
So you are blue, always? "Yes." When you see blue eyes, you know, if you look into them, they are attractive, and similarly, the more you see Unification Church members, the more attractive they become? Everyone is interested in our Unification Church, and when they see us, they say, "Wow! The Moonies are here, the Moonies are here," and both high and low people, especially young people, are just curious about "Where are the Moonies going?" Right? Isn't that so? "That's right." When the kings, princes, and princesses of the heavenly kingdom appear, the world is like that. People's hearts are like that. But when you look closely, it's not a bad thing; it's a wonderful thing. "Wow!" and at first, they are like this with their ears... (Gestures. Laughter) 
Moonies revolutionize history based on love and sweep the world. 
We are different. The flow is different. It flows in all directions, east, west, south, and north. But ordinary people only flow to the east; we are going around all directions. So if you study about Moonies, you won't be able to understand this. When they are fundraising and they are so hungry that they can't eat and are about to die, when evening comes and they come in like this, their mother comes and says, "I will definitely treat you well, let's go, oh, you have worked hard! I love you, let's go, let's go," but they still refuse. (Laughter) You can't understand that. (Applause) 
You all have eyes here and behind you, and eyes in all directions, but they do not know that. Right? "That's right." So it connects everywhere. Clean water flows everywhere. So, because of that, just listen to my words for three days and live like that. What will happen? Is it good or bad? If you feed them words and give them water, everything that was blocked until now will be cleared, and they will feel refreshed, saying, "Oh, so this is who God is. So this is how the world is." They will all come to know that. (Applause) 
God is pumping here, pumping. Centered on the Unification Church, God is pumping. Then, as more and more people come, think about how busy God will be. That's why God is now thinking, "Hey, this can't be done by hand; I need to use a motor." (Laughter) Just pressing a button will make it go "drurrr." (Laughter) That time is coming. 
Now, think about it: if the whole universe is filled with pure water flowing and filled with pure vapor... Hmm, hmm, hmm... (Sniffs. Laughter) Moonies, Moonies, Moonies, they say it's good. Do you understand what that means? What will happen to America now? Until now, America has been waving its hands saying, "Oh! Moonies!" but now they are waving their hands like this saying, "Oh! Moonies!" They are reaching out their hands. (Laughter. Applause) 
What is the most famous food in America? What is it? "Hot dog." Yes, hot dog, and what else? "McDonald's." Yes, McDonald's. Everyone likes McDonald's, right? Then, which would you prefer, Moonie bread or McDonald's? "Moonie bread!" (Applause) That's definitely true. That's how it will be now. Once you get a taste for Moonie bread, you will have breakfast, and for lunch, you will put food in your pocket and have dinner with it in your pocket like this. (Laughter) 
Look at America. Do young people in America have anywhere to go? They have nowhere to go. Where will they go? Do they think about their country, or what do they think? They just act like animals... Do they know they are hungry, do they know the world? Where will they all go? What do they want to be intoxicated with? They don't even want to be intoxicated with knowledge. These days, they throw away everything, even streaking, and now they want to be intoxicated with what? So if they can be intoxicated with eternal love, the love that God can have, the love that God created this universe with and can say, "Ah!" then where will they go? Even if they become like hippies, that hippie will be the best. Even if they become yippies, they will be the best. They have nowhere to go now. 
So, even if we Moonies are all confined in a desert area like Nevada and can't get out, if they know that it's true, all the young people around Nevada will gather. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." That's how it is. That's why no matter how much the American government opposes it and no matter how much the free world opposes it, the fight is already over. Do you know that? "Yes." That's not just Reverend Moon; you all need to realize that "I have become like this." 
Think about how you were a few months or a few years before you came here. Think about what your thoughts were then and what your thoughts are now. How much difference is there? Who could pull you and turn you upside down to make you better than before? "No one." So the victory and defeat have already been decided. This is now established, and the water flow has gathered like a new river. How big will it be now? Will it be as big as the Hudson River, or as big as the Mississippi River? What comes next? It will be bigger than the Amazon River. (Applause) And it will penetrate all the way to the five oceans and wrap around everything. 
So why did it happen like that? Because it is based on love. You may not have been able to revolutionize the history of love in the past and present, but this is a movement that realizes this history and explodes it, leading to the conclusion that it will sweep the world. Homosexuality is coming out, and they are making a fuss about changing the union of men and women to same-sex, but that won't work. It won't work because the Unification Church has already come out. 
Look. If you look at our Unification Church, even when you look at family organizations, it is better than any country's family in history, including the United States and the United Kingdom, and the order of love is better than any order. Also, in terms of responsibility towards the world, centered on love, it is better than any perspective. Since all of this is better, it cannot help but become global. Our ideology is certain. 
The restoration providence of God is to restore three generations vertically and horizontally. 
This is the world. (Drawing and speaking) This is the ideal of God, one world. Then, who should this world be centered on to become one? Should it be centered on me? "No." That is all your ideology. What is "No"? "We must become one with God..." If you become one with God and you, isn't that the same? It is the same. 
What is God's ideal? It is not to become one centered on God. It is to become one centered on people. That is why the teacher is teaching you this. He is teaching you what you do not know, everything. So let's create one person of substance here. You need God, and you need Reverend Moon to become the central being. Do you understand what that means? 
You all want to be number one, right? "Yes." Everyone says "yes," right? Whose heart is that? "God's." Originally, when God created humans, He made them like that. Without that, you cannot become one with God. What is needed here is God. (Drawing and speaking) What God needs is to become True Parents. 
So what happens because of this is that, due to the action of centripetal and centrifugal forces, the giving power and receiving power work, and it rotates. When it rotates, everything becomes one. You become one with God and one with the world. You become one with everyone. 
Then what happens? You become the sons and daughters of God and the sons and daughters of True Parents. Then what happens? You become the object of love. Then this finally comes into being. "Whoosh-" This is split into male and female, and then the two come together and rotate. It rotates in three dimensions. Thus, it becomes the resonant body of the universe that was mentioned earlier. Buzzing—. 
So, since one alone is not enough, then it must become a family. It needs a family, something a little bigger. So it becomes one, one. It rotates. Then it can go "whoosh-" like this. Do you understand? And when the family gets bigger, it becomes a tribe. Similarly, giving and receiving, giving and receiving, it becomes one. So then this becomes "whoosh-" and becomes one. When it grows from here, it becomes one. Do you understand now? Big plus, bigger plus, even bigger plus... (Drawing and speaking) Here, everything disappears. So you are developing from here. 
So the foundation that the teacher has established is what you all inherit. It is the foundation that God and the teacher have established. This kind of thing, where the individual is centered and body and mind become one, is rebirth. (Drawing and speaking) Then the man becomes this big plus, and the woman also becomes a plus and minus, and when they combine, that is the second time. Centered on this, it becomes one family. Then, as the third time, centered on this family, when it connects, it becomes the foundation of the tribe. 
That is why this is rebirth, growth, and completion. The tribal realm is the completion realm. Centered on the family, the husband and wife and children become one and form the foundation of the tribe. In the future, you all must have one tribal realm to enjoy life as humans and become one. Isn't that right? So vertically three generations, and horizontally three generations... If you look centered on yourself, there are your father, grandfather, great-grandfather, and in terms of generations, it goes up to four generations. Then, when you look horizontally, it is the same. Cousins, second cousins, third cousins. This is one tribal realm. Do you understand what that means? 
In other words, this is what it means to standardize and restore through home church. Even if your grandchildren come down from here for thousands of generations, it is not a problem. It starts from here. Even if they come down from thousands of generations of ancestors, in terms of the world, it doesn't matter how many Smiths there are. If you just create this, it will start to turn back. 
When you look at this on a larger scale, in terms of God's restoration providence, this corresponds to the time of Adam, the time of Jesus, and the time of the Second Advent. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." It is in this kind of relationship. That is why home church refers to this. So when this ideology is welcomed globally in a flat manner, it will automatically start to turn. "Whoosh-" it will turn. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." 
The spirit world cooperates with the mainstream that restores according to the three-stage principle. 
What has been achieved is the mainstream religion. It is the history of mainstream religion. Isn't that so? The Old Testament age, the New Testament age, and the age of the Divine Principle. What is this? It is the flat position of the clan subject. It is the mainstream clan. So when you combine these two, the history of religion and the history of humanity become completely one. 
The spirit world has had countless mainstream histories until now. All of this is connected around the line. But they cannot come here and work freely. They cannot work this much. They cannot come down and work. It is blocked. They cannot come down from here. Because it is like this in a line, if the spirit world is only this much, they cannot come down and work here. They cannot become one. If this is the real world, the reality is bigger than the past. So the spirit world does not have a foundation to touch the ground here. 
Now, to come down here, they must build a bridge through religion; otherwise, only specific people can come down. Factions have arisen even among the Jews. So if you start from here, it goes like this, and then it connects like this. When the spirit world comes down, the mainstream does not become a straight line. If different factions of Judaism work diligently, the mainstream will shift and move back and forth. 
That is why a person from the spirit world cannot come down unless they correspond to a straight line. They cannot cooperate with the history of the Second Advent. Then, by the end of the first century, this person also goes to the spirit world. To come to the next era in the spirit world, it is also based on this principle, but only specific spirits can come down. 
Then the walls of the spirit world increase more and more. It becomes more and more complicated. Then, all generations go to the spirit world. So this keeps growing. This is all a wall. The current time is a global era. Think about how complicated it is, how complicated it is. To find this from here, think about how much you have to go around. That is why the problem is to break down the walls when the time comes. 
In the spirit world, the mainstream, that is, (drawing) we need to create a path that comes down like this and a path that comes in like this. Those who go this way cannot come here. Do you understand? This is what the Unification Church is doing. Now, this is reduced to the three-stage principle, and if you extend this... 
It will automatically extend into one, two, three, naturally becoming an extension line. So it connects to the world. 
It expands the history of indemnity represented by the world into the personal, family, tribal, national, and global levels. Centered on the couple, rebirth, then centered on the family, growth, and centered on the tribe, completion, this unfolds in three stages.
When that happens, it will unfold in three stages centered around the tribe, leading to the nation-state. It is about gathering numerous ethnicities. It is the ethnicity that must be united for a nation to emerge.

If the home church centered around the family is the first stage, this is the second stage. Then, centered around the nation, the world and heaven will become the third stage. This is how it develops. If we consider the home church as the foundation, the clan will be the offspring, the ethnicity will grow, the nation will be completed, and then if we regard the nation as the offspring, the world will grow, and heaven will be completed, forming three stages. It is seen as the completion of the three-stage expansion ideology. The clan is the offspring, the tribe is the growth, and the nation is the completion. That is why home church members must restore all nations. Then, when viewed from the perspective of the nation, the world and the spirit world become the three stages. The world must be restored through the three-stage authority. Isn’t that right? The principle transitions from the three stages of three to the ten stages. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.”

Today, the True Parents are carrying out such a mission. How do they do it? They are all restoring history through indemnity. After going through indemnity, they enter the next phase. That is why, centered around Korea, all of this history is being made. It is about aligning everything. So, what did I do when I went to Korea this time? On November 2, 1978, I connected all of this. As a result, all the barriers disappear. It becomes possible to go anywhere. Without borders, one can freely communicate anywhere. Thus, all relative relationships are established.

Therefore, mobilizing the spirit world depends on you. Who is responsible for mobilizing on earth? It is up to you. Just as the people of the earth are like Adam, the spirits of the spirit world are like the archangels. Now, knowing that the good spirits among your ancestors are taking responsibility as angels, you must give commands. Who are the ancestors of those ancestors? It is you. This is all about ancestor restoration. It starts with you. Since they are your ancestors, you must take responsibility. You are the future leaders. You are responsible for the past, the present, and the future. You are the leaders of the three eras. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.”

The main stream of providence goes toward a world unified around God’s love. Therefore, where does this stream, this flow of providence, go in the future? It goes through the tribal messiah process, through the national and state processes, and then returns to God in the spirit world. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” That is your path. The main stream of your journey is going in this direction. The stream of providence flows like this.

To do that, my heart and body must become one. Next, you must find a counterpart here, meet them, become one, and then unite with the clan, gradually expanding. Such central beings will become you. Those central beings must act centered on love. Everything must be centered on love. This will resonate only when centered on love; it will not resonate when centered on anything else.

Now, if there is a realm of tribal love and a realm of national and state love, then the realms of tribal and national love can be disregarded. It is the same. Love is the same love. When the world is established, all nations will become one, one. When they completely unite centered on God’s love, this will be one world. Looking at your lineage, there are nations, ethnicities, tribes, families, and they are all the same. This becomes a world that is like a multitude of relationships stacked together. It is the same love. Everything exists within the same realm of love. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.”

That world is the spirit world. Heaven is such a place. By loving God, one can come down from God to this world, and from this world, one can ascend to God’s throne. That is how it connects. It returns. It is like one love. The universe is a world of unified love centered on one love that revolves around God.

There, there are cells like those of the eye, with organizational forms like muscle cells. Because God is pleased, all humanity rejoices. The cells are also breathing. The universe receives one love within the same realm of love.

You all want to be the center of the world. That is true for you. Everyone rushes in centered on themselves. That is possible because of love. Do you understand why love is precious? It is because everything is completed. So, when love is present, all human cells breathe in unison. Therefore, in love, everything becomes one. What is separated and isolated all harmonizes.

When you enter the realm that resonates with the inner person, you will automatically know the truth. Now, let’s conclude today’s message. What is the stream of providence? In your journey, such relationships of love must be established, and a movement of harmony must unfold. Love, the heart of love. The stream of love has formed like that. Wherever Reverend Moon goes, whether to America, Africa, or anywhere, the stream of love connects. It is not just for a moment but eternally… This is something that even Satan cannot revolutionize. Because God is here for this, as long as God exists, it cannot happen. Therefore, after going through the stages of growth and reaching maturity, a realm of resonance that can unite emerges, but because it has not reached that point, this world has become like this; if it reaches that day, the world will unite in an instant.

Then, how should we live in this fallen world? That is the question. You must listen to the voice of your heart, the voice of your heart. Your leaders are you, more than your teachers or God; it is you. You must learn to listen to the voice of the inner person deep within. Then, you must also listen to the voice of the outer person. Therefore, you must find the realm of resonance and discover yourself. You must enter the realm of resonance and discover yourself.

That self-discovery is not for selfish reasons; it must be a self that exists for the universe through love. If it becomes a self for oneself, then Satan will intervene. Thus, the self that is discovered is the self for love, not the self for oneself. Until when is it minus? That realm of resonance. Do you understand? The realm where you are about to fall asleep is like the spiritual world and the physical world… It is like the time when the sun sets. When you feel sleepy, you must always think that a new morning is coming. You must always think that there is a path that leads into the bright world amidst your night. You must think that God is on the other side of the night.

To do that, if I serve heaven and sacrifice my body to do good for the whole, that creates a wave that gradually strengthens. You must know that there is always a resonance behind the heart. Therefore, during meditation or prayer, think that you are doing this to speak with your inner person. Do not think of anything else. You must talk with your inner person, your heart. If that resonates with the heart of a person, then you will establish a relationship with God, and the truth of the universe will be automatically known. Do you understand? “Yes.”

Your conscience does not need education about the law. Sacrifice and love! It teaches sacrifice and love. There is no law governing that. No matter how much I sacrifice for the world, it calls for more, more. Isn’t that right? “Yes.” Whether black or white, it is the same. Why is that? It is urging you to resonate with heaven faster and faster. The heart is asking for a quick completion, hoping to complete what has taken thousands of years quickly. You will understand that. You must align with that.

To move the resonance in your heart, you must act with a heart of love. You cannot do otherwise. Even if your body is tired and exhausted, when you return and go to bed, you will say, “Thank you.” When that happens, you will surely see good dreams and already know that you are spiritually connected. The teacher often appears and teaches you. Do you understand what I mean?

As a result, a more stimulating feeling of love arises. When the body goes out and sacrifices and serves to make contact with love, even if you come back tired, the feeling of love gradually increases. Then what happens? The teacher takes you to the Garden of Eden, to the beautiful flower garden of heaven, and you experience a journey there. Now, when this becomes a habit, even while walking, if you feel dazed and think of wanting to see the teacher, you will find yourself muttering, “Ah, I miss you,” and you will enter that realm. You will be speaking from within without realizing it. Then, the boundary of the body disappears, the boundary of the body. When you resonate completely, the great love of God will come to you. Do you understand? At that time, even if I am alone, I will be speaking, “That person will be blessed…” and strange things will happen. It will come to pass as I have said. When that happens, you will feel, “He is my God.” Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.”

The reason I am making you do fundraising now is to connect you with that. It completely eliminates the thought of wanting to earn money and live well. While fundraising… Until now, it has been “Mine, mine. The money is mine.” But it is not about earning money for myself; it is all… Instead, it makes you think about what God’s love is like. You did not know that the more difficult things are, the more blessed they are. Do you understand what I mean? The teacher also longs the most for the place where he was tortured and bled in prison.

This body is stuck to the rock of Satan. The body should resonate with God, but it is stuck to the rock. It is stuck to the rock of Satan. The people of the Unification Church have the power to cut this all at once. That is why religion calls for sacrifice, sacrifice. Practice asceticism, practice asceticism! Why? Why? “To connect with God’s love.” It is to become a resonant body, a resonant body. Do you understand now? “Yes.”

So, when the body and heart become one, the husband and wife will not be ashamed. It will not be a shameful husband or wife. They know themselves. Look at the American women today; see how their hearts and bodies are. Look at the world; see how their hearts and bodies are. It is the same in the Unification Church; everyone… cannot deceive. You know yourselves well. God’s love is covering this and treating you. Here, eternal value is being determined.

Now, do you all understand how the stream of the Unification Church flows? “Yes.” Do you understand how your individual streams flow? “Yes.” Should you suffer in public matters or not? “You should suffer.” How easy is it to evangelize in Korea? Why do I come all the way to America to suffer? When I went this time, the Korean government honored Reverend Moon as a patriot and a hero; why do I come here again? Do you know how different and complex the lives and feelings of white people are compared to yours? Not only white people but gathering black people and all races together to make one is easy? Is that easy? It is not, but it is valuable work. That is why, knowing that, I do this. Isn’t that right? It is not just playing around. You must understand that I am risking my life and pouring everything into this.

The minus that has suffered a lot will dominate the plus.

Now, you all understand your responsibility toward America. Did you understand or not? “I understood.” Even without the teacher, should you go or not? “We should go.” Therefore, you must love the world first and love your relatives. It is not about loving your parents first. You love the world and then seek your parents, not loving your parents more and seeking the world. Regarding the members of our Unification Church, if the teacher commands, “Hey, send your wives out,” the husband would say, “What right does the teacher have to command us to send our wives out? No way!” But? “No.” “Hurry up. Hurry up,” he would say. It is different. Heaven is always happy to put me on a bigger stage. Would the stream want to go to a bigger place or a smaller place? You must understand that.

You have a stream. Do you want to get blocked while going? “No.” Therefore, it connects the tribe to the nation, the nation to the state, and the state to the world. The teacher is the same. The teacher personally connected from being Korean to the tribe, nation, state, and world. It is the same. Following the teacher means being scorned, kicked, and spat upon. It is different from being welcomed. Who receives God’s love more? “Father.” Why? Why? Because he has sacrificed more. That is it.

Knowing this principle, now you must understand that “You must suffer. You children! Suffer,” and you must know that this is love. You must not just sigh; you must find a way to suffer. If I leave you alone and do nothing, what will happen? Your heart will say, “You rascal, go work! You rascal.” Is that true or not? “It is true.” Raise your hand if you think it is not true. Then raise your hand if you think it is true. You must align completely with heaven.

Then, a broadcasting station of love will arise, a broadcasting station of love. Do you understand? If I sacrifice and serve, the waves of love broadcast will connect… It will cooperate. It is like that. It is not a lie; it is like that. It gives strength. Do you understand? “Yes.” This is not just a theory; it is a fact. The fact is like that. You did not know that until now.

You must also enter the realm where your body and heart can become one through that love. The principle of the universe is that if there is a complete minus, a plus will naturally arise. So, when I ask you to sacrifice, it means to become a complete minus. Then, the plus will come in. It keeps becoming one. If this becomes one, nothing can take it away. Pride chases the plus. Pride drives away the plus and causes a backlash. This is scientific, scientific. Religion has chosen well. It has found this principle well.

When you work a lot at home, does the home become plus? Naturally, you become the owner. After these two become one and grow, the plus minus…
When Suga becomes one and becomes something greater, who dominates? It is the minus that has suffered a lot that dominates the plus. I didn’t know this. I didn’t know this simple thing. It is extremely simple, yet extremely difficult and extremely important. Do you understand? “Yes.” 

To have a greater love and to practice it, one must have more possessions of love. From that perspective, the teacher is observing, from a resonant standpoint, “What about America? How will America turn out?” You can tell if a person is bad or good just by seeing them once. That’s why if you can’t do it, I will make the decision… The fact that I have managed to put down someone like Congressman Fraser is all part of that. Even in difficult times, we must not yield but strike with conviction. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” 

When I say to you, “Do something. Take a risk,” then you must do it. That’s why Unification Church members must listen carefully to the teacher’s words. Doesn’t that sound unpleasant? “No.” This is the flow of our Unification Church, the current. Where is there a world that will not be influenced by this flow? “There is none.” Therefore, the world is bound to become one. 

Now, you all decide. This morning, the conclusion has already been reached, so in what context will you work? You all know about home church, right? Have you all received your assignments? “Yes.” Who decides that? Does the person in charge decide for you, or do you decide for yourselves? “Father.” What does ‘Father’ mean? It means you must do it, you yourselves. You must jump from there, centered on that. You must move America and the world. If money is needed, earn money; if there are no people, create people; work without sleeping or eating. (Laughter) Absolutely do not ask anyone for help. Do not believe the teacher, and absolutely do not do that to the headquarters. You must help. You must do more than three times, more than three times the average person. 

That’s why even if I live for 70 years, it’s the same as living for 210 years. So don’t think about living to 100 years; even if you live to 70, if you work three times as much, it’s like living to 210 years. Think like that. If you work ten times, you live for 700 years. If you work twenty times, you live for 1,400 years. Isn’t that the same? “Yes.” How long do you want to live? So, you work 24 hours a day throughout your life. Only then can you go to the spirit world and bear fruit, and your possessions of love will increase. Your treasures of love will increase. My possessions will increase, and my stage of activity will widen. 

Now, think about this. You young men and women in America, think about how significant it is that the teacher hopes to influence even your marriage issues. That is your heart. Because you love, because you want to love greater than yourself, greater than your country, greater than your world, that is not the problem. 

The teacher has practiced with a greater love than you, and that is why such things are possible. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” If I say to my grandson in his teens, “Marry this grandson to someone from this country,” he will do it. Even my grandsons, in their teens. (Laughter) This is not something to laugh about. We must understand how great and amazing a position we are in. You don’t know that. When you came in here the other day, you received everything without any merit, so you know nothing. 

Now, you think, “The Unification Church teacher is good, and the Unification Church principle is good, but I don’t like what the Unification Church does,” right? (Laughter) Isn’t that so? “No.” Do I know everything? (Laughter) When I see people who are crazy about Reverend Moon, it means they are crazy about the Unification Church principle. You must understand that it is because Reverend Moon and the principle are good that I make you work like this. You must understand that. If you cannot find the light and victory through suffering, then the principle will all be nullified. You must understand that there is no way to create one world. 

If the path of the Unification Church were easy, do you think you would still be here? You must understand that you are not as capable as you think. In Japan, there are people who say they will prepare billions and will give money as requested to sell the principle. (Laughter) Can you sell that? (Laughter) You cannot buy that with money. To buy it, you must be in a position of suffering, being torn apart, and in such a place. You must give it away without selling it. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” 

That’s why I live like this, suffering until now. Today, my mother said in the early morning, “Oh! You’ve been tired and exhausted for several months, why don’t you think of resting for at least an hour? Why don’t you take care of your body?” I heard such grumbling from her. (Laughter) But how many hours has it been now? Oh, it has been four hours. 

Why is that? When the teacher talks for a long time, somehow all of that becomes latent within you and penetrates you. (Laughter) In the spirit world, if I talk for about an hour, it’s only a third of the time, so there’s nothing to brag about, but if I talk for a long time, the spirit world rejoices, saying, “Oh! Our sons and daughters are listening.” (Laughter) 

If I say I will lecture for four hours, or talk all day, no one will come. “No.” You don’t even realize it’s been four hours, and when the time comes… (Laughter) already strange things are happening with the spirit world. And without you knowing, spirits all cling to you, preventing you from doing as you please, saying, “You little brat.” So, it’s not just a single era. 

You all like the teacher. If it took a long time, you wouldn’t come, but when you realize the teacher is here, everyone gathers. (Laughter) Isn’t that so? “Yes.” You all become like that too. You all become like that with the teacher. Wherever the teacher goes, it’s the same, so it all becomes like that. You must understand that. That is the principle. You must long for one member of the Unification Church more than the person you love. And if the members gather, I absolutely cannot rise. My feet won’t move. That’s why in the early days, people stayed up all night, and wives forgot to prepare meals, forgetting that their husbands were going to work. Do you understand what I mean? 

That’s why wherever the teacher goes, day or night, they follow. Even if I go into a mouse hole, they want to follow me in. They only want to follow the teacher. What is that? Why is that? It is because of love, because of God’s love. Love may not be visible, but it radiates like light. That is what is needed. Do you understand? Just the thought that there is a loving mother is beautiful. Everything is the same. That’s why the teacher has nothing, but sells this. It is the most precious thing. Do you understand? (Applause) Now you understand, right? You understand how it flows? “Yes.” 

When you go out to New York to work, it’s not just white people; there are black people, Spanish people, and everything else. Even if you get insulted, you share the insult… I discovered that the people who live the hardest, the black people, support the Unification Church. Do you understand? The teacher is a friend of those who are rejected by the world. The Unification Church is a friend of those who are rejected by the world, and you must understand that we are comrades of those who are not recognized by the world. That’s why you must understand that God’s love starts from such a position. 

A person who guides the spirit world does not have a problem guiding the material world. It is indeed true that it is harder for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven than for a camel to go through the eye of a needle. Do you understand? “Yes.” However, the teacher has more money than they do and has organizational strength, so I must use them and send them to heaven. We must be ahead in economic and all aspects. I am thinking of creating the world’s best university and gathering all the world’s best scholars. If Harvard University were for sale, I would want to buy it. (Applause) They say the teacher has a lot of money; do they say I have none? “They say you have a lot.” They say the teacher has a good head; do they say it’s bad? “They say it’s good.” They say the teacher has organizational ability; do they say he doesn’t? “They say he does.” That’s right. (Applause) 

You must understand that a person who guides the spiritual world has no problem guiding the material world. It’s not a problem at all. Isn’t that so? If we convert just a few wealthy people in America, won’t we become the richest in the world? Isn’t that right? It took decades or centuries to gather money, but becoming a millionaire can happen within a week. So, why would I need any money? (Applause) 

These days, many people want to meet the teacher. Who wants to meet, meet? But I don’t meet them. The world moves with just a few people. It only takes a few people to meet. That’s right. There’s no need to meet many people. You meet every evening, but these guys meet every day. (Laughter) In that respect, I think you are more wonderful than millionaires or any scholars. (Applause) 

That’s why the current of providence reaches everywhere. It goes everywhere, everywhere. That’s why Reverend Moon does everything. If you just do a little evangelism and get into some standard in the future, you must do everything, not just evangelism. There’s no need to evangelize in the future. Do you understand what I mean? 

If I go to CBS every morning and talk for about a month, all Americans will turn around, so why would I need to evangelize? What kind of evangelism is that? Then there will be too many people, and I will worry. I will say, “Don’t come, don’t come.” That time will surely come. When you realize how great this meaning is, do you think it won’t happen? If you are not confident in that, I wouldn’t be doing this here in America. I am not that foolish. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” 

So, know this… That’s why you must take an interest in everything. You must go anywhere and save lives. It’s like how water saves the universe. The current of water flows everywhere. If there is no money, you must know how to work in a factory. What kind of husband do you want to get? Do you want a one-way husband or a multi-directional husband? “A multi-directional husband.” 

The Unification Church’s current of love and care will wet the world. 

In relation to that, my mother worried about following me around. She went to farms, went to ranches, went to schools, you know? Wouldn’t she have worried? “She would have.” Would my mother take that ‘she worried’ in a good way, or would she feel bad about it? Also, our babies, if their mother and father are always going around like that, would they like it? “Yes.” If your mother and father were to go around like the teacher, 

Why, why? If the teacher ties the string of love, everyone must become a grateful son or daughter who knows to ride that string of love and feel thankful. If they say, “Oh, mom and dad are always going around and leaving us behind…” then those sons and daughters have no qualification. It connects everywhere, everywhere. If two Buddhas are having fun sleeping in one room, and one says, “Honey, I have to go somewhere now,” the other should say, “Go ahead.” Saying, “Oh, don’t go” is not allowed. That is the principle. (Laughter. Applause) 

Look. If you do such things, if you love more and care for the country and the world, it will all remain in history. The teacher’s parents also think poorly of the teacher. If a mother loves her son in prison and brings him food, he shares everything with those sitting around. So when my mother comes back, she kneels at home and cries, saying, “Oh, I will never go again.” I have heard that. That’s my mother’s fault. If I had become the son my mother liked, Reverend Moon would not have become what he is today. 

So how sorry must my mother feel in the spirit world? I understand my mother, of course. I understand, but my mother’s thinking is narrow. I have not bought her even a handkerchief. I haven’t bought her a pair of shoes or a piece of clothing until now. I am now buying houses for people around the world and doing all sorts of things. However, heaven does not see me as an unfilial child. God educated our parents, but He did not educate me. 

That’s why today, the people of the world, especially the young people of America, can follow the teacher. Wherever the teacher goes, if there is a weak person, I can’t help but take on the fight myself. You must understand that heaven likes that kind of character. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” 

The flow of our Unification Church, the current of Unification Church providence, connects all such environmental factors. It calls for sacrifice and service. No matter where you bump into difficulties, there is no way to retreat; you can only advance. Even when an enemy appears, if you remain still, others will fight on your side. Isn’t that strange? You must understand that this current of providence plays a central role in today’s Unification Church and spreads to the world, and you must think of yourself that way. You must think of your parents and your siblings as all one. You must think of each member as if they were your parents and siblings. Then, through you, this current will surely wet the entire world. 

Do you think a lot about yourselves, or do you think a lot about others? The teacher doesn’t even think about his own life. I don’t even think about my house. I don’t think about how to feed you well. You don’t think about how to feed and support yourselves. You think about how to make you suffer and make America well-fed and well-off, and how to make the world well-fed and well-off. 

Now, if that’s the case, you should be protesting, but you’re not protesting. Why? Because God said so, and Reverend Moon said so. You don’t know how to protest… The more difficult it is, the more blessings will come, and your foundation will widen. Do you want to try it? “Yes.” Then how many times more will you work after joining the Unification Church than before? Let’s decide this. “A hundred times…” Oh, that’s too much. Let’s start with 1.5 times. Do you understand what I mean? So, do it two times, three times… If you just do more than three times, going to heaven is not a problem. 

If you used to sleep eight hours, how much will you sleep now? Two hours. Is that possible?
"Yes." (laughter) It's about being able to live on just one meal a day instead of three. (laughter) That's right. And when you walk down the street, you used to walk like this, but now you have to walk quickly. (gesturing) And speaking, you used to talk slowly, but now you have to say 'bababababa, bababababa...' (laughter) It's about training like that. There's no other way. It's about having that mindset.

When it comes to evangelism, it's just like doing business; you have to evangelize effectively. Got it? In the past, whether going out to evangelize or anywhere else, you went without any preparation, but now you need to prepare. You need to put in effort. Got it? It has to be different from the past. Are you going to do it or not? "We will." Raise your hand if you plan to do it. "Yes." 

So, this is how you will influence here. I have an interest in all of you. Wherever you go, you should have a flag that says 'Moonie.' You should put up a flag that says it's a Moonie house. (laughter) And influence others like that. Wake up early, and if it snows, clear the snow; if there are bad kids in the neighborhood, educate them... Think of it as going in place of God and in place of the teacher. So when those people come to Moonie's house and say, 'Please come to our house and help us. We have many things to offer,' then help them. (laughter) That all has an impact. Don't just sleep.

You submitted a photo to get married this time, right? (laughter) Even if you marry an American man, you won't be able to serve. Why do you all want to marry Korean men? (laughter) That's all wrong. It will be the same this time. You'll say, 'Isn't the groom nice? I don't like him.' You said you didn't like him before, right? We'll have to wait and see. It's the same. You all think you will get a good husband, right? These things. (laughter) Studying a lot, being tall, being handsome... You all think that, don't you? Right? "No." (laughter)

You should think that you will take the ugliest man and bless him to become a handsome man and make him the best husband. Living with a top husband is not being a top wife; it's living well with an ugly husband, a husband who doesn't have everything. (applause) Women who don't applaud cannot become top wives. (laughter) That's how it is. A great husband is someone who takes a woman who knows nothing and raises her to be a great wife. How about that? "That's right."

The teacher is the same, the teacher himself. Even so, the mother was beautiful. (laughter) When the mother got married, she didn't think about the man at all; she married as a woman who knew nothing. Do you understand what that means? Now, the teacher is a teacher who knows the whole world, but when he thinks about taking a woman who knows nothing about the world and wants to cook the world, wouldn't that be shocking? Wouldn't it?

How old was the teacher then? Forty, right? How old was the mother? "18 years old." How many years apart is that? "23 years." Yes, there's a 23-year difference, but would the teacher have gotten married because there were no maidens? Was there none, or was there? "There were." But why did he do that? Why? For the purpose, for humanity, for the providence of heaven, you need to understand that. Then, would it have been just good after getting married, or would it have been frustrating? Think about it. (laughter) He didn't know the purpose; he knew nothing at all. If the mother had insisted on her own opinions, it would have been difficult, but because she absolutely obeyed, it was all passed through in a short time. (applause)

So, in that sense, I truly respect the mother. I know that she is someone who does not forgive the principles. You have to trust your husband or wife. You have to recognize what your wife is like. Once a person decides, they must establish that intention in front of the whole and know how to live according to that law. Only then can a person be responsible; they cannot act recklessly.

If the teacher cannot pass that on to the mother, then it means nothing. If I cannot pass that, it is a failure. When I go to church, I say that, and at home, I get immediately evaluated. Our sons and daughters will also say, 'If the principle is like this, why are mom and dad like this?' And if I talk to you like that, and the teacher does not practice it, what does it matter? What I say to you is what I have already practiced. 

That's why heaven knows. The spirit world knows. So the spirit world is supporting us. People with true conscience should support and defend us. The leaders in Korea know more deeply than you do. They cannot lift their heads in front of me. Do you understand what I mean? The spirit world does not move just casually. You must know that it does not move without adhering to principles.

The teacher has money, but if I have money... (the recording cuts out briefly) So, do you think you can earn money and do that? Do you think you will use it? What do you think? My heart should always feel that no matter how much fundraising I do, it is not enough; I should not think, 'Oh, this is a waste.' It should be like that every day. From today to tomorrow, from this year to next year, from when I was young to when I am old, until I die... That is how it should be.

The more you suffer, the more your spiritual heart and resonance become sensitive. 

The teacher has a lot of responsibility for Korea, Japan, and the whole world. Right? What is the reason for that? It is because of the world, and also because of God. As long as God is working and there is work left in the world, the person responsible for this must carry it out until the end. Do you understand? "Yes."

Now, this is Moonie's house. This place, Belvedere, is Moonie's house, right? It must be clean; everything must be clean. Our East Garden too. And it must give a good influence. Do you understand? "Yes." So starting next year, we will develop full-scale activities. From now on, prepare for the next 40 days... There are 42 days left until today. So know that and you must have such an influence. Until now, you haven't been able to influence, but I hope you will be able to influence like that in the future.

So, you must conduct serious training to unify your body and mind. Listen to the voice of your heart, the voice of your heart. The more you suffer, the closer that voice will sound. So you must feel that you have become a resonant body. And when you look at your hands, you will see that they shine. Such three-dimensional, mysterious experiences will occur. Do you understand? It will definitely happen.

Therefore, do not complain. Jesus did not complain while carrying the cross. It is the same. That principle applies to your life today as well. The stronger that heart is, the stronger that action is, the more your body and mind will become a resonant body. When that happens, how does it maximize? If I embrace someone at night and sleep together, when I look at that person, it turns out to be me, me. I discover that my spiritual body is embracing me. I know that it is my spiritual body. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Humans are like that, like that. You must have such experiences. To have those experiences, you must go through a process of sacrifice. The most impressive thing about the teacher's prison life is that it was a difficult suffering. The more there is of that, the more the resonance with the spiritual heart becomes sensitive. While ordinary people cannot endure hard labor, the body works, but the heart does not labor. When you do this, spiritual experiences accelerate tremendously. And when you have such experiences, all the fatigue of the body disappears. You must have those experiences. Do you understand? If you do not have this experience, you will not be able to resonate in the spirit world. You must strive to have such experiences. Then, you will increasingly experience the teacher spiritually and meet him in a semi-conscious state.

The more that happens, the wider your spiritual eyes become. When you sit and look, you will know what the teacher is doing. And even if you are at home, you will enter the realm where you can live together with your parents in that living space. You will see what it is like to truly live together. When that happens, the spirit world will automatically open. That is how it is. This is a realistic issue, a realistic issue. This is not an illusion; it is a realistic issue. When you do this, if you act, the spirit world will all cooperate, and the work will expand horizontally with complete freedom. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

You must quickly undertake significant responsibilities and make efforts to bear all crosses sweetly. It is about taking one step at a time. That must be done with God's love... Human love cannot do it. Experiencing God's love means you will keep rising. Now you are in your 20s, but if you have such experiences, by the time you reach your 40s, if all these people are in America, then America will automatically enter the realm of blessings. Do you understand?

America must become a nation that flies to the world for the purpose. 

Reverend Moon came to America alone and made an impact, so think about how much influence you will have. Do not doubt; practice it. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Victory and glory will surely greet you. The teacher is a victorious person. From a human perspective, he is a person who has achieved glory. Look. All the youth, crossing nations, when the teacher commands, they say they will dedicate their lives and move; what glory is there like this? He is the most victorious person in the history of America. Isn’t that right? "That's right." You will surely walk that path as well. Do you understand? "Yes."

Even without the teacher's command, I believe it will be okay if the teacher is not in America and is somewhere else. Can I trust you to do what I ask? "Yes." In the Asian region, I think there is no nation that can say, 'Oh! Come to our country!' regarding Reverend Moon. In the North American region, when looking centered on America, I think that cannot happen. What about South America? I think Reverend Moon is someone who likes white people. I think Reverend Moon likes people of British, Anglo-Saxon descent. South America is all Spanish descent, right? Isn’t that right? "Yes." They say, 'Reverend Moon does not recognize South America.'

From now on, we must create a base for South America. What comes next? Africa. They say, 'Reverend Moon does not like our Africa...' but it is not that he is uninterested in Africa. During this period, I have completed my responsibility regarding Europe. Next, I will finish with Africa, and then where will I go? "Moscow." That's right. I must go through all of that. So, we must prepare for that starting now. Are you happy that the teacher is back? "Yes." Should we just stay here, or should we fly to the world for the purpose? "To the world...."

Look. Until now, everything the teacher has done in America has been responsible for the East, right? Is that correct? "Yes." Then, when I go out into the world to work, who must take responsibility? "America." What did you say? "America." America is currently indebted; how can that be? If I am not here, isn't there an immediate impact? When I come here, everyone just asks for money, money.

In such a situation, can we help foreign countries? "Yes." Then can we continue to work like this? "No." How many times more do we need to work? To save America, those working in America must work to save the world. It is the same as leading the Unification Church; it is not just a movement to save the Unification Church, but a movement to save America. Americans must not just work to save America; they must work to save the world. You must understand that clearly. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

From next year, think like that. As the new year begins, I will not be in America for long. I will be going on a tour. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Where did Mr. Han go? "He will come." When he comes, tell him to prepare all the visas to go to South America. "Yes." You in America must take responsibility for America itself. Can you do that? "Yes."

Focus on securing economic power and talent centered around family church.
Did you hear when Kim Bang-gu is coming? "Within this week...." This time, a religious group from Africa is coming to visit us. They are coming, and all of you must unite to show the living image of the Unification Church. So I told you to start family church activities since last Sunday; have you started? "Yes." While I am here, I will create a system that can completely put this on track. And I must also go to England now. And we must also plan for Africa in the future. Do you understand? After that, we must also plan for all satellite nations. Those who are active in America do not know when and where they will be called and where they will be used. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Therefore, think like that.

The religious group coming from Africa has 5 million members; 5 million. They are well-trained people in terms of faith. They must come here and learn. I believe that when this religious group fully accepts the purpose, black people will receive blessings before God. When that happens, I believe that Africa will be able to make rapid progress. (applause) If this group cannot take responsibility, then Africa will become pitiful.

So, we must unite with that religious group; Reverend Moon must be involved for issues like communism and all inter-state problems to be resolved, and for all uncivilized cultural nations to make rapid progress; it cannot be otherwise. When this group stands before the purpose, I believe it can defend against the communist infiltration into Europe. It can defend against communism. Right now, the issue regarding the third world is speaking about the African region, and this is a big issue in the UN. This can be completely directed in one direction. In the future, I worry whether you will truly feel the sense of responsibility to solve these overall issues in America and whether you will be able to work like that. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

I hope you will have such insight and perspective and put all your sincerity into it. Until now, it has been okay while the teacher is here, but when the teacher is not here, it is truly difficult. Wouldn't it be better not to say such things? I would like it if the teacher were here longer, but since he is going around, it doesn't feel good, does it? "No." 

Knowing that, you must strengthen your own activities, and in the future, focus on family church.
I need to work hard to see how much economic power I can have in front of this entire meaning of "Sim Sam Go" and how I can secure talent. Now, we need to engage in a movement to evangelize more than three people over the next 42 days. Do you understand what I mean? 
"Yes." Mobilize everyone.... In this eastern region, regardless of how you do it in the area assigned to you as a home church, whether you sleep there or live there, we need to carry out this movement. Then, I believe we can reach about 4,000 people in New York. This will make planning for New York possible, that’s how I see it. Therefore, as much as possible, you should focus on evangelizing your brothers or relatives, and through this home church, do whatever you can to secure more than three people. You need to put your efforts into this. Do you understand what I mean? 
"Yes." Now, let’s promise to do this. Thank you. 
(Applause) (President Park Bo-hee prays in English) 
50   The Mainstream of Providence
Advance for 40 days to significantly impact the world return
This time, we need to create an organization. Centered around Park Bo-hee, we need to combine with Kwak Jeong-hwan, Kamiya-ma, Neil, and then the capital, these four people must completely push this forward. Over these 40 days, we need to evangelize in groups of three. We need to fully push this forward in this posture. Without doing this, the plans for next year will not work. The plans for next year will all fall apart. Park Bo-hee is the person in charge. All leaders of the organization will fall under him. Whether it’s newspapers or anywhere else…. Do you understand? 
"Yes." From today, Park Bo-hee, take your responsibility here. Don’t go anywhere except for special matters; don’t leave, just do this. You all, this year. Look. Whether you can practice what you promised centered around the teacher will have a significant impact on the American providence. (repeating "father will do it") The same activities are happening in England, too. Right now, the biggest issue is how to triple the fundraising team. And even if we can’t create a mobilization team, we need to create about ten teams. If I leave without setting this up before I go, I believe it will significantly hinder the development of America. It’s not just a flat view; I already feel this spiritually. 
So, you all need to endure hardship and go. No matter where you go, you need to leave with hope, and if you come back, you need to create a foundation to return with hope. The future of America is something you all must take responsibility for. When you think about it, the youth of America are addicted to drugs, and America has become a living hell. They are all collapsing like living corpses; what will you do about that? You need to realize that the time has come to hold onto them and fight to resolve this. Do you understand what I mean? 
"Yes." 
So, the teacher’s plan moving forward is to train centered around karate and also to train using the principle of the way. Physical training must be done. We must rescue all the women from the immoral streets in New York. You have such an important responsibility. Do you understand what I mean? 
"Yes." Therefore, you need to be prepared to risk your lives; you need to understand that this is immediately in front of you. If you miss the timing, it will become tenfold, twentyfold more difficult. Do you understand what I mean? 
Knowing this, each of you needs to make a firm resolution. The teacher is not speaking in vain. The teacher is speaking out of concern for the future, so you need to make a firm resolution and mobilize all your efforts for the goal over these 40 days. Think of it as a 40-day fasting period. Do you understand? 
"Yes." Centered around Park Bo-hee, centered around the person in charge, I hope you can unite as instructed by the teacher and achieve the intended purpose. "Yes!" 
When you do this, it will develop into a nationwide movement over 40 days. Therefore, you must firmly remember that this period is a critical time that can influence the entire nation. And even when I go to South America in the future, I hope to be able to say, "Look at what was done in New York!" and to establish this as a tradition wherever I go, greatly impacting the world return. This way, I can also establish my reputation as Reverend Moon, who lived in New York. When a thousand people resolve to create four thousand, I believe it will lead to a substantial, hopeful, and possible advancement for America’s future. 
2)
Reevaluation of Existing Values and Exploration of Absolute Values
Respected chairperson, and distinguished professors and scholars from around the world! I sincerely welcome all of you who are attending the 7th International Conference on Scientific Unification today. I hope that this conference, where the wisdom of the world gathers to discuss the theme of "Reevaluation of Existing Values and Exploration of Absolute Values," will become a source of eternal truth and hope that illuminates future history. 
Absolute values can only be found within the ideals of the universe's first cause
Modern civilization has produced a directionless nihilism as a byproduct, and the masses have become intoxicated with machines and momentary hedonism. As a result, humanity is ruthlessly standardizing and objectifying individuality, forgetting human dignity and each person's nature. Truly, today, this world is a world of chaos and disorder. This chaos and disorder are not limited to any specific individual or society; they are serious issues that span individuals, families, societies, nations, and the entire world. 
Some analyze the problems of modern civilization as stemming from the fact that human intelligence has tilted too much toward practicality, lacking in religious and spiritual aspects. With the rapid tempo of civilization, it is too overwhelming for individuals to digest and absorb within themselves, and it is also too difficult to distinguish between the fundamental currents and boundaries of civilization that become the ultimate goals of human life. 
Both spiritual civilization and material civilization are necessary for humanity, and there can be no good or evil in the speed or variety of civilization itself. However, humans must become the conscious subjects of civilization, regulating and balancing the whole. In this regard, I would like to express my beliefs on a more fundamental level as a substitute for my opening remarks. 
In a modern society where ideals and value systems have collapsed, establishing a fundamental value system is more urgently needed than anything else. However, humans living in a relative world cannot establish absolute values by themselves, nor can they possess the ability to pursue those values to the end. And absolute values cannot be discovered in any place or situation solely through the world of results. 
The realization of absolute values is also needed by the absolute being itself. Absolute values can only be found within the ideals (purposes) of the universe's first cause, and in conclusion, they can be found within the ideals of the absolute being, that is, within love. 
Absolute values are realized when harmonized and unified before the ideal of absolute love
All things have a dual purpose: a purpose that benefits the individual and a higher purpose that seeks harmony within the whole. Therefore, the universe is like a large organism composed of a dual-purpose continuum, and beings that achieve their individual purposes by completely uniting subject and object within themselves do not exist in isolation or a fixed state. 
Individuals take a subjective or objective position to relate to other beings, and by becoming one with them, they develop into beings with higher directional and purposive qualities. Thus, the universe is a common purpose entity connected by the common interests of subjects and objects, possessing some force or cosmic power that serves the common purpose of the entire universe. 
What is the content of the most profound and complete correlation for the eternal harmony and unity of subjects and objects? It is a relationship centered on love. The motivation for love does not start from humans. The ultimate source of love is the absolute, unchanging causal subject. As you know, in religion, this first cause is referred to as God. Throughout my life, I have had deep communion with God and have testified to His will and love through numerous experiences. 
What is the most important and necessary thing for God? God does not need knowledge. The wondrous harmony of this universe, which is the expression of omniscience, is evidence of that. He does not need money, power, or fame. The only thing that is absolutely necessary for God, who is the essence of love, is an object that can receive that love, that is, a being that He can love, and this object is manifested in the world of results. 
However, since humans, who are the central and total entity of the world of results, are the most precious object beings before the ideal of absolute love, the absolute being also desires the complete realization of His love ideal, that is, the realization of absolute values through humans. Therefore, the point at which the ideal of absolute love is realized centered on humans is the moment when humans are perfected as the object of the absolute being. In other words, when they harmonize and unite as relative objects before the love of the absolute subject, it becomes the point where the love ideal is realized. 
The resonance of love with the absolute being is the minimum standard for accessing the absolute realm
Then, what is the realm of human perfection, that is, what does it mean to be perfected as the object of the absolute being? The condition that the object must fulfill before the subject of love and perfect harmony is that the subject and object within itself must be completely harmonized and unified. Therefore, when humans achieve complete oneness of heart and body through personal growth centered on the absolute being, they will realize absolute love, and at that time, humans will enter the resonance of love with the absolute being. That is, when the heart and body are completely harmonized without any conflict, the resonance of love arises, and just as a tuning fork resonates, the resonance with the absolute being occurs automatically, which becomes the minimum standard for accessing the absolute realm in the relative world. 
The degree to which a person's mind and body are unified, how high and pure that degree is, determines the extent to which the subjective absolute world resonates and harmonizes with them. From this perspective, the human fall that religion speaks of refers to the state of humans having fallen before fully reaching the resonance of love with the absolute being, and salvation refers to the historical providence of restoring broken humans, like a tuning fork that cannot resonate, back to being resonant beings of love. 
When the mind and body become completely harmonized under absolute love, that is, when they become ideal individuals, they do not remain as individuals but take a subjective or objective position in relation to other individuals, establishing a developmental relationship of mutuality. The development of the love ideal must progress step by step according to the process of realizing the ideal of the absolute being, reaching higher dimensions. Therefore, the ideal individual, whose heart and body are completely united under absolute love, will develop into an ideal family together with another ideal individual, and this ideal family will develop into an ideal society, nation, and world, where the joy and happiness gained from the resonance of absolute love will spread and harmonize with the whole and eternity. 
The existing value system lacking the three-dimensional content of love must be reevaluated
Originally, love itself cannot be a means; it is a purpose, so the directionality of love itself determines the flat relative relationships or the vertical order of subject and object. Everything seeks to unite in love. Even amidst the misunderstanding and persecution of the wicked generation, the saints who practiced the path of love showed the way by sacrificing and giving, neutralizing the antagonism of the world. 
Absolute values must be thought of not in terms of knowledge but in terms of love, intertwined with emotion. Only love itself is the purpose, the completion, and the highest value. True love brings joy to the giver and joy to the receiver as well. Originally, love sprouts and is felt within the individual through nature, not learned. 
The world of knowledge is developed through cognition, but the world of emotion cannot be developed. Therefore, absolute values exist not in the dimension of knowledge but in the dimension of absolute love. In this regard, the first cause cannot be found within our cognitive rights but can be said to be experienced and felt on an emotional level. 
Values lacking the three-dimensional content of love cannot be eternal and unchanging; they will eventually flow away. Various strands of ideologies and thoughts up to now have, on one hand, helped humanity, but on the other hand, they have often misled humanity's ideological system and failed to lead history in a progressive manner. In that sense, I believe reevaluation of the existing value system is unavoidable. Furthermore, it is lamentable that many achievements in academic research in various fields are being misused due to confusion and distortion of the value system. 
I believe that those who feel these issues seriously and realize them first have a mission to unite and ensure that all academic achievements are properly utilized for humanity. Scholars should no longer remain bystanders in correcting distorted values. And I believe that this work should not be limited to any specific field of expertise, and that scholars from each field can achieve results by cooperating with a sense of mission. 
Respected representatives! 
I expect this conference to be a serious forum for solving the essential problems that modern society harbors. I also hope that it will be a meeting that presents new hope and greatly contributes to building the world that humanity aspires to, concluding my commemorative speech. 
3)
The Home Church Era
Now, everyone sit down. How long has it been since the American family members met the teacher? 
"Six months." How do you feel now that I’m back? "Very happy." Don’t you need the teacher in America? "We need him." What do you need, what? Now it’s your turn to do it. Everyone’s faces look good, I can see that. Is it because you’ve been working hard, or is it because you’ve been resting? (Laughter) 
We need to adapt to the new era with a new mindset
This time, missionaries from Europe and various parts of the world are also attending, and this will be the last meeting of 1978, so it’s significant for us to gather like this to understand not just the situation in America but the global situation of our Unification Church. You need to realize that the time has come. 
Most of you here are probably Westerners, but you may not feel the significance of what the teacher has been saying until now. Do you feel that? People find it hard to go beyond their background or emotional limitations. They tend to think and conceptualize within those limitations. 
We are running toward a world that has passed several dimensions beyond what ordinary people can think or measure. So, what I think is that those who have come in first tend to become habitual over time. I believe that what has become habitual until now is the most frightening thing. So, it’s easy to stay at the level of thinking, "This is how the Unification Church operates." 
You all meet the teacher often. While you may follow the teacher physically, you will increasingly feel the unspoken distance in your hearts. You can’t deny that. 
When I go to Korea, Korea is an Eastern country, and Eastern people tend to have many ideas focused on the whole, but even the Korean leaders who have grown up in such habits are now about 30...
I realize everything I did nearly a year ago now, only now do I understand it.

Why am I saying this? Because you must always maintain a new mindset and adapt to the sensibilities of this new era; you cannot fall behind, and that is why I am sharing this with you. Now, in a time that is like a line, we are all developing from a flat era to a three-dimensional era. Our Unification Church, in the future, of course, the same goes for the vertical reality world, but it will be extremely difficult to match the rhythm in the spiritual dimension, and you must understand this.

You need to know this. As we go through this restoration process, there is the bicycle era, the automobile era, the airplane era, and the missile era. So where do we stand? I must drive. I need to switch from a bicycle to a car, then to a jet plane, and then to a missile. You need to think about that. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

What has the teacher felt while carrying out this global movement until now? While I have become closer to the long-time members externally, I feel that we are growing apart in spirit. I feel close physically, but spiritually, I feel distant.

Now, you are busy trying to keep up with the speed of this changing external world. The external world is rapidly changing, and how do we match that speed in the spiritual world? This is a very practical issue. You want to ride in a car, but here you are trying to ride in a jet, so the timing doesn’t match.

Do not live habitually.

From this perspective, the teacher has told you what to do until now, but if you cannot do it once, twice, or three times, it becomes habitual. It doesn’t go up like this; rather, it keeps going down.

Then, what changes when you enter the Unification Church and keep getting older? What changes? Nothing changes, right? In fact, it’s worse than before. What has changed since I came to the Unification Church? Compared to the past, there’s nothing special. You must understand that such customs have already surrounded you and are leading you.

So, you try to do something on your own. But no matter how hard you try, it doesn’t work. So what will happen then? Those who become desperate and discouraged will completely fall away from the world of salvation. They will be completely distanced from God’s will, falling into a trap from which they cannot approach again.

Then, it is easy to conclude in your thoughts that "Ah, this is the Unification Church, and this is the state of the Unification Church." I think there is validity in what the teacher is saying about that feeling; I see that the overall trend is like that. "There are many such trends (interpreter)." Then what will you do? What will you do about this reality? The teacher cannot just appear and say, "Ah, you did well. Keep doing that." I am talking about something higher, something higher.

Looking at history, why has God cut off all the people who have worked through the prophets of each era from the Old Testament to the New Testament? It is because there is a principle that necessitates cutting them off. You must clearly understand that God must cut them off to facilitate this stepwise advancement in His providence. So history has become like that, right?

In the same way, you must understand that the phenomenon of the entire history is also being concluded within you in a short period. If we talk about indemnity restoration, everything historical, the vertical history is being indemnified horizontally, and the phenomenon in the horizontal world developing rapidly is a very theoretically valid statement. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

So how has the teacher endured until now? That is the question. Never let the conceptual and habitual interfere with the environment. It is always a principle that new things unfold. New things always unfold. Then what is that new thing? It is not what you can do or what fits you; rather, it is all the things you cannot do and that do not fit you that appear as new. You must understand this. Difficult things, things you cannot do, will appear. The more of those there are, the faster the will develops, and the more of those there are, the faster the indemnity restoration occurs.

Why is that? We must transition from the fallen rights of the individual era to the fallen rights of the world era. We must make a leap in development from the individual era to the family era, the tribal era, the national era, the world era, and the cosmic era, advancing into the heart world. So how difficult is it to reach that point? Therefore, we keep encountering difficulties. We keep bumping into bigger things. That is the principle when considering this process.

Then what does that mean? The heart of God is blocked by the individual wall, the family wall, the tribal wall, the national wall, and the world wall. You must understand that. So, in this fateful path, can you just become habitual and think it will work out? If you stay in the Unification Church for one year, two years, three years, four years... the more you stay, the more difficult the path will become, and you will have to push through increasingly impossible paths, and if you say, "Oh, the more I go, the harder it gets," then it’s already all over.

Now, let me ask you. Have you ever thought about taking responsibility for difficult things? Everyone dislikes that. Everyone dislikes it. If the teacher didn’t know this, the teacher would have already given up. I would have been exhausted. Do you understand that? Do you understand it theoretically? So, you discover that the restoration providence, that is, the path of indemnity restoration, is in opposition to you.

So, even though you say, "Wow! Wow!" when the teacher returns, it is not a joyful thing. The words coming from the teacher's mouth are frightening. Yes, you like the teacher, but does the teacher who you like say good things? In the past, I would have used a switch, but now I am using a hammer. Not a wooden bat, but an iron bat. (Laughter) Isn’t that right? There is no other way, none other than that.

Even on the path of death, when you go with gratitude, it becomes indemnity restoration.

So which nation will take on such a task? Right now, I am searching for that. Which nation will take on this task? Isn’t it extremely difficult for America, considering the reality of the American people trained by pragmatic philosophy? What do you think? "We can do it."

How many times have you said to me, "We can do it"? And does God’s will get fulfilled? The more it goes on, the more the teacher becomes someone who cannot keep promises to you, someone who cannot execute, and the more you all fall into such results. Such results occur. You keep stepping on the top of your heads. Therefore, I think we need to take some emergency measures to be able to fly before we sink, before we go into the water.

So, even if you cannot go, the teacher must go. Isn’t that right? Even if you cannot go, I believe the teacher has a destiny to go. Do you understand what I mean? Why? Because of God’s will, for the sake of God’s will. Because of this situation, the teacher has organized the family and stepped forward. I have already organized parents, siblings, tribes, nations, and countries. So, how astonishing is that? How anxious must it be?

So, the world is not just remaining as it is; the world is going into ruin. Do you feel that? Do you think so? "Yes." If you truly love God and love His will as a Unification Church member, wanting to sleep is a contradiction. Wanting to sleep is a contradiction. Those who sleep have broken spirits. Look at your country! When you see young people who have become living corpses from using drugs, it is obvious that the future will be bleak, and even knowing that, can you sleep and rest? This is all dying, dying.

Then who will take responsibility for this world? Will your mothers take responsibility? Will the teacher take responsibility? Will the president of the country take responsibility? Who will take responsibility? Who takes responsibility? Do you worry about it? It is a serious problem.

So, I think... should I kill the leaders of the Unification Church to save America, or should I kill America to help you? What do you think? What do you think the teacher would choose? The first or the second? "The first." So, there is no one but you. I have no choice but to hit you.

This is the situation that God has carried until now in the restoration providence, God’s situation. Do you understand? When that happens, I will thank God for the path of death, and through such a person, indemnity restoration will occur. You must understand that heaven finds the conditions for indemnity through the foundation of compassion there. There is no other way.

Therefore, following God’s will leads to a miserable death. You will encounter a miserable fate. That is the only conclusion. That is why all the good people in history have gone miserably. The reason they were led to a miserable fate is because of this principle. Do you understand what I mean? Such things are now entangled between you and the teacher. (The recording briefly cuts out)

We are opposed because we have no nation.

We must live for the world, but can this be done? That is why God is needed, and that is why we hold onto God. When things do not go well, we must stay up all night, shedding tears and praying fervently, staying up all night. Have you ever done that?

Now, let me ask you something. Have you ever truly loved a person? Have you ever truly loved someone? Have you thought about going out to evangelize and trying to conquer them with the standard of love for 360 days? Have you thought about establishing a record of having loved this person throughout your life?

Considering that God has gone through thousands and tens of thousands of events to find just one Adam in the restoration era without forgetting and continuing on that path, think about how much He has loved. Did He stop? He is looking for one person, one person. You must understand that. God has worked hard to find one family. Think about that.

In comparison to that effort, what are you? Therefore, you must have the condition that says, "Throughout my life, I loved someone in history more than anyone before God." Then, you must have the sense of mission that says, "For the sake of one family, I loved more than anyone else. No matter what path of death there is, I must establish the condition that I loved." Have you ever thought about that? Do you understand what I mean? You haven’t done that, right? Even if you have evangelized until now, I see that you have not done that.

When we consider the serious issue that we must find the three sons of faith presented in the Principle, this is a serious issue.

A people without a nation will be despised anywhere, anytime.

I feel that I have no nation, no tribe, no ethnicity, no parents, and no family. Do you feel that? There are no parents! Everything is gone! Isn’t that right? So, there is no family, and then there are no siblings, no parents, and even no God. Even God is gone. However, even if everything is absent in the world, you must have God, only God. It is from there that everything begins. God gives me siblings, a family, a tribe, a nation, and the world. He is such an amazing being. You can find everything through Him. Then when will God give me the time and come to me? You must wait for that.

So, do you have God? You are like orphans. You have no nation and nothing at all. You have no parents, no siblings, no nation, and no world. You are orphans, orphans. You are all orphans. You are in the position of orphans. That is right, all of you. Because you know that, you are given True Parents.

The parents of the past were all those who sold the blessings of heaven and cut them off, preventing them from going to the world, but these True Parents teach the way to go from the world to heaven. They find everything and give it to you. Do you understand what I mean?

So what do you desire now? What do you desire? You desire to have a family, to have a tribe, to have a nation. So do you have a nation? Is there a providential nation? There is not. That is why you suffer from the sorrow of having no nation and are despised by everyone. I am despised by Americans.

Do you know? This time in Boston, we are holding a conference for scientists, and these children of the devil, what have we done wrong? We are doing something that the world and heaven can praise, but the media is writing everything against us. Do you understand? You must know that it is because we have no nation and no society.

We must find the heavenly nation as independence fighters.

Therefore, we must feel the reality that princes and princesses who once had the whole world and a nation are now being trampled and mocked by enemies. When you think that you are a citizen of one nation and the teacher is like a prince of that nation being persecuted, doesn’t your blood boil? Think about it. Will you sleep? Think about it. You are all citizens of one nation, and when enemies try to capture and kill the teacher, who is in the position of a prince, will you just stand by? Think about it. If I am in the position of a prince and you are all citizens, would you like to see that? Will you just stand by? Have you ever thought about such things?

There are various nations, various nations. If it is Japan, it is the Japanese nation; if it is America, it is the American nation. When all the nations of the areas we went to evangelize try to kill the teacher, they will all try to kill him instead. Have you thought about how miserable it is to be a people without a nation? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." We are the independence fighters of the heavenly nation, independence fighters. You must understand that. Therefore, all the evil factions of the established powers are making a total attack. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." We live for the purpose of establishing the nation of God. 

The day you miss the timing, the day the communists sweep the world, you...
What you hear is all about losing your neck. It's all about losing your neck. You must know that the enemy can launch a full-scale attack at any time. You must understand that the enemy's world is always prepared for a full-scale attack.

Now, what about the Unification Church? We who have entered here are like agents of heaven, agents of heaven. So how do we create a block that can connect our sphere of influence to the world, stronger than any country in Asia or any country in the world?

No matter how much the Unification Church is persecuted and humiliated, it will not fall. Now that the teacher has laid such a foundation, the Unification Church cannot be destroyed. The more opposition we face, the more our side grows. If you look closely, there are no people like those in the Unification Church among the American people. There are no people like those in the Unification Church among the American youth either. Everything becomes clear. It becomes completely clear. Although their society is collapsing, they are thoroughly prepared in every aspect. Do you think they don't know that? How long do you think they will last, a few years?

Look. You must understand that it is significant that scholars attending scientific conferences are working on our side. There are plenty of people here who can directly guide and coach the prime ministers of their countries.

So, in America, everyone is watching to see what Reverend Moon will do. They are all looking to see if he will fall or not while they are shooting their guns. On the days he does not fall, he will step forward. Once, twice, and then he will step forward. Therefore, if the teacher wins in America, it will be said, "Wow! That's amazing." This will become the foundation for the nations of the world to turn around all at once. Think about it, when the opponents of the Unification Church fight against Fraser, do you think they will think Reverend Moon won or lost? Think about it.

That means the U.S. Congress has already lost. The American people think that way, and the FBI and CIA all think they have lost. The State Department, the Defense Department, and the Interior Department all think the same way. So how do you think those people will think? "Well, that's right, what's wrong with Reverend Moon?" They all think it's right.

However, while Reverend Moon has won, what will happen to the traditional Unification Church members in America? They think that without Reverend Moon, they will all collapse, that they will all disappear. However, if you treat the people for three years with the teacher, saying, "What is wrong with our Unification Church?" and confront the leaders of society, then America will surely turn around. Think about it. What will happen to America? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Is that how your eyes are? Is that your mentality? "You all grow, you rest. I will do it, and I will not sleep." It has to be like that. Do you think the teacher came to America to rest? You may not know, but the leaders from Korea and Japan all say the teacher is pitiful. Now you must understand this.

Now you must do more than I do. You are not Americans, are you? I am Korean. I am Asian. You white people are all oppressing, cursing, and racially discriminating against me, trying to exploit the whole world. You are the enemy. You are Americans, so you should love America more than I do, right? If you can't do that, then what is this...? It's not about loving the teacher. You must love America more than the teacher. You must love your brothers, your comrades, and your youth more. That is the position of a parent. What are you talking about hoping the teacher comes or whatnot? Thank you. Thank you.

So, what did you do for six months? What did you do during this extremely precious time? If I had been here for six months, it wouldn't have turned out like this. Do you understand what I mean? So even if I come and see your good faces, would I say, "Oh, I returned to America, so let's rest and sing"? No, I am gathering strength. God has expectations for America, and the spirits in the spiritual world have expectations, and I have expectations, and you all, the good God, have expectations for the current American people and for your future descendants. What will you do about that? God loves America, and the spiritual world has expectations for America.

American members have the responsibility to work for America. You must understand that the members of the Unification Church around the world, the persecuted brothers, are hoping that America will win and help them. They know very well what kind of results will come to them if America wins, and they are very much looking forward to it. They know how much influence it will have on all the Unification Churches scattered across the world if America wins.

Imagine if America shouted and welcomed the Unification Church. The whole world would do the same. You must understand that they are hoping for that day. On that day, America itself will not perish and will stand under the blessing of heaven. So you must understand how serious this position is. Therefore, you American leaders, if you make a mistake, you will ruin God, ruin the spiritual world, ruin the world of the Unification Church, and ruin your own country. You bear that responsibility. So your position is important. The same goes for the teacher. If the teacher fails, heaven will fail, God will fail, the spiritual world will fail, the world will fail, all the Unification Churches and Korea will fail. It all fails. Do you feel that kind of responsibility? You must lie down, spend the night in tears, and feel so ashamed that you cannot lift your face and cannot see the sunlight, and you must strive to bear that responsibility. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Here, the American people are like the Olympic team. There are Germans, French, Italians, and everyone is here. Although it seems like one country, God is watching over them based on providence, looking at which group will fulfill the will of the Unification Church and inherit history in America. Who will come in first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh? America is a country that can do that.

From that perspective, Reverend Moon came in first, right? So I came to America. The reason you like the teacher is that you want to pass on the foundation I have laid. You have not faced persecution like I have. You white people do not face persecution like I do. You must understand that. Do you understand what I mean? If Reverend Moon were not in this country, there would be no reason to criticize or touch Reverend Moon, and then you would not be treated like Reverend Moon at all. So why would white people oppose you? If you were white, what would have happened to me? 

That is why I have been pretending not to know everything while knowing it all, and I have been trying to forget it all until now. However, you white people must know this. You must know clearly, American whites. Why? Because there is a responsibility to prevent all this racial discrimination in the future of America. If you cannot do that, America will perish. The blacks and Asians will unite and try to take down the whites. Do you think all white people are doing well? You do not know, do you? In that sense, you have the responsibility to work for America while facing all this opposition. You must understand that you have the responsibility to bring everything to peace.

Now, what I want to tell you is that you should face more persecution than I have. When you step forward to do that, do you think that persecution will last long? Do you understand what I mean? It is your responsibility. You must do it. You, with your blue eyes and white faces, must take responsibility. You, with your blonde hair, must do it. It starts with Neil. If I were not a person of God but a person of the devil, how much revenge would I have taken against these American whites? I have not forgotten everything. I remember it all, but because of God's love and God's will, I am trying to forgive and forget everything. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Now, I must push you to face more persecution than I have.

American members must make it so that America can welcome us. The teacher is just passing through America for a moment. I will not stay long in America. Now I must go to South America. The time has come for that. So I will return to Korea through Africa. You must understand that I will take that path before the seven-year course ends. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Now, if I were to go to a large country in South America and say, "I will sprinkle tens of millions of dollars in this country, so welcome me," would they welcome me or not? If I sprinkle tens of millions of dollars in South America, what do you think will happen? Will they welcome me or not? "They will welcome you." If I say, "Now, in February, twelve million dollars will come in cash into the account. I will bring all of this from America, so please welcome me," would they not welcome me? What do you think? "They will welcome you." The president of that country could send an ambassador saying, "Please work in our country!" There are countless ways for that to happen. Now, let’s say I spent what I was supposed to spend in South America in Africa. What would happen? Would the president come and say, "I will do whatever you want!" or not? What do you think? "They will." Is that a bad idea? Is it a thought for the purpose of the will or a thought for oneself? "It is a thought for the purpose of the will."

The time has come for that. The time has come when I can move freely. I can go to any country in the world. Any country can welcome me, and I have laid the foundation to be accepted from the standpoint of a country like John the Baptist. You must understand that. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Therefore, we Unification Church members can do home church anywhere. We have laid the foundation to do it even in the Soviet Union or in any of the Soviet satellite countries. What does that mean? Jesus could not establish a home church among the people of Israel, but now Unification Church members can create a home church in any country in the world, in a position higher than what Jesus did. You must understand that we have entered this era of privilege. When Jesus was opposed, why couldn't he go to another country instead of carrying the cross? Why did he die? Because he could not establish the conditions for indemnity in Rome. He could not establish the conditions for indemnity on a global standard. Do you understand?

Now is the time when the world can welcome the Unification Church. However, in the era of the Unification Church, for Reverend Moon, America is like the Jewish nation, a vassal of Rome. However, coming to America, I have established the standard of victory and the conditions for indemnity. The situation of Rome and the Jewish nation during Jesus' time is the same as that of America and Korea today. Do you understand? Just as Jesus spoke boldly in Rome, Reverend Moon, a Korean, speaks boldly in America. I tried to save Nixon, who was dying. If he had listened to me, Nixon would not have fallen. I was trying to save Nixon. Think about what would have happened if that had been the case. Would America have become a country where the CIA and FBI became beggars, where they created the FBI and CIA? If Nixon and I had worked shoulder to shoulder, what would have happened? I would have led the prime ministers of the world and seized the initiative, and we would have missed a great opportunity to bring the world together. If Nixon had come out as an active anti-communist, ready to die, there would have been a new boom in America, a movement supporting Nixon. If he had listened to Reverend Moon.

Now, I cannot stay in America for long. For the love of the will, for the love of God, and for the sake of God's kingdom, I must not only be here. Do you understand? This time, like the Guyana incident, you all must be able to move to another country. They may have died, but they will not kill you. On that day, something similar to what happened to Lot's wife, who looked back and turned into a pillar of salt in Sodom and Gomorrah, will happen. It will become a lawless world, a lawless world. To love the world, you cannot die. That time will surely come.

Now, if you truly love America, you must plead, "Teacher, please do not take us there!" Reverend Moon is going to South America, and all of you must follow.
If I say so, will you come? "Yes." What if I say to go to Africa and bring it back? "I will go." Then what happens? Yes, what happens, I mean. Who is responsible for this America? The teacher is not just saying this for no reason. The teacher has already made plans and strategies regarding that direction.

Now, when I came to this land, I did not come looking for a lover, nor did I come to be welcomed at someone's house, nor did I come looking for a denomination, nor did I come looking for the president; I came looking for a purpose. Now, I am already different. No one, not a single member of the Unification Church in America can say, "Reverend Moon could not take responsibility for this land, America." You must understand that something is at stake. Now, can you all do that? Can you speak up? Can you complain about the teacher? Is there any? "No." This is how it should be; 100% of the American people should be like this. Also, during this time, the teacher... The teacher is one person, but after leaving America, how did your hearts feel? "It felt empty." It must have felt completely empty. Why is that? Why is it so? The fate of that place wavers when the teacher leaves, the fate of history wavers, and blessings waver. So, if I leave now, I will be here until 1981. Even if that doesn't work... If that time becomes the time of Africa, then all the men and women in America will be thinking of marrying 100% with Africans. Do you understand what that means? By doing so, I am thinking of establishing whites as representatives to leave a historical lesson. If that happens, since there is a lingering attachment to the prosperity that America has had for 200 years centered around this land, before the teacher dies, they will follow the teacher. I am someone who has already established such thoughts. I wouldn't need to say this, but I have to say it because I cannot help it.

Now our purpose is evangelism. You may not understand what that means right now. Even if it means doing such things, we must fulfill the purpose. The teacher must fulfill the purpose and go. Do you understand? We must establish a nation and go. We must establish the kingdom of God and go. When that happens, I will move everything I built here in the seminary, and I will sell everything I have here. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." For three years, for three years, you all must suffer more than I do, how about that? What do you think? "I have made a resolution." Then you must do more than what the teacher has done in laying the foundation. If the day comes when a black person does that, then a white person can be ruled by a black person, in reverse.

Now, I have already mentioned the scientist conference in advance. "When seven years pass..." I said, and we have come to that stage. I have taken responsibility for all people in Western society, for intellectuals. I have taken responsibility for journalists. I have done it all, now. We held workshops since last year, right? If we continue for three and a half years until next year, our third seven-year course will be completely over. Once that period is over...

Then, the teacher's strategy will all fit perfectly. When I go to South America, the Spanish will surely ignite. It will surely ignite more than the American people. What will you do? Should the teacher do that, or not? "We must do it."

How great would it have been if you had listened to the teacher and laid the foundation while the teacher was here? How great would that have been? The path of restoration is a merciless path. Hearing such words doesn't feel good, does it? "Yes." You feel that way, but what about people from other countries? If it were South Americans or black people, they would be saying "Wow!" They would have done the same in the spirit world.

What is the population of North America? Isn't it about 300 million? Is the population of South America more or less than here? "Less." Less? "Yes." Why is that? "South America is less than North America." How many countries are there? "There are many countries, but the population is a bit less." Isn't it similar? I thought it was a lot... Just Brazil alone has over 100 million, right? "They say it's 120 million, but America has over 200 million." Right, how much is Canada? "Only about 23 million." Then how much is that? About 250 million. Now, during this time, will you take responsibility for America? "Yes." You can sleep and rest. Isn't that nice? "No."

I think it is not difficult to gather 30,000 people when I hold a revival in England. They don't oppose it. I have completely changed the environment that would oppose it this time. The reason the teacher did such things in England is that a time of providence like this is coming to America, so I wanted to pave the way for America to live again. Do you understand what that means? England, which completely ignored Reverend Moon due to the influence of America, fought and won against that. This is how I turned it around. By filing lawsuits, you know.

By doing so, since Britain's colonies are connected to 29 countries around the world and have become a fence greater than America, even if America cannot take responsibility, it can be saved. What does this mean? It means that Cain welcomed the teacher in the relationship between Cain and Abel. Do you understand? It was not Abel who welcomed the teacher, but Cain who welcomed the teacher. England is Cain, and you are Abel, aren't you? Also, didn't the American Congress fight against me centered around Congressman Fraser? If I go to England or South America to work, it won't be that America will say it went well, but rather, "Oh, I hope he comes back again," such movements will arise. (The recording cuts off for a moment) 

Koreans say that in our 5,000-year history, only one global figure has emerged, that a hero has appeared. Do you understand? If I were to live in Korea now, there would be nothing to fear. How great would it be if I were to live in Korea now? How dangerous is it here, how much? Is a place like New York a place to live? You should know that... What will you do? Will you take responsibility or not? "We will."

How much have you evangelized in the six months you have been here, and how much have you done over the years? Now we are focused on evangelism... We need numbers. We have tradition, we have content, and we can educate and move anywhere in the world, but the issue is numbers, numbers. Also, looking at America's future, in a few years, American youth will have nowhere to go. They will all come into the Unification Church. Look, they will all come in. Now, hearing the teacher's words, do you feel that you cannot just stay as you are?

Now, think about it. If I sell the New Yorker Hotel, sell the News World newspaper, sell the Belvedere Training Center, sell East Garden, sell the seminary, and sell all the land I bought in the West, what do you think will happen when the teacher withdraws? Think about it. If I say I will sell, can I not sell it? "You can sell it." Think about how amazing that would be.

Secure 30,000 active members by the summer of 1979. The teacher is not someone who has affection for this country. He has affection for the purpose. He has affection for the purpose being fulfilled quickly. Look, from 1972, 73, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, the seven-year course is completely over. The seven-year responsibility in this country is completely over. I have fulfilled my seven-year responsibility. Also, I have fought for this country for seven years and have broken through everything to the highest standards, from individual standards to national standards. I have fulfilled my responsibility.

Now, when I sell all of this and invest it in a country in South America, what will happen to that country? I will buy hundreds of times the land in America, hundreds of times. I will create one state, can that be done or not? Then whether they dance or do whatever, who would oppose it? What about you? Isn't that rather easy to do? Whether it's America or anything else... Are you Americans? "No." Why not? Are you the teacher's people or Americans? Then what will happen to America? It will be amazing, amazing. You must understand that the teacher is thinking like this. Now, I do not want to make you suffer and be persecuted and insulted anymore.

What do you want to do today? What about the leaders from around the world? Would you prefer the teacher to stay in America or to move? Tell me about the leaders from various countries, not just American leaders. "It would be better if you moved to another country." See? What about you?

You must understand this. The teacher is someone who has given up everything. He has given up his family and everything. Now, has the teacher tried to lay the foundation in America for the past seven years or not? Surely he has, right? He has tried to lay a global foundation, right? That is why, at the very least, by next summer, by the summer of 1979, without securing 30,000 people, no matter what we do, the activities in America will not work. However, once we have 30,000, it will immediately influence the nation. It will influence the nation.

Look, when the Japanese members came here, did the teacher feel good when they were all chased away and spat upon? How much did those people cry and suffer when they came here?

Those sons of bitches! The National Assembly and all... Are we the KCIA? Did I brainwash you? With some absurd lies. Did you do well regarding Reverend Moon? Look, this time too, those sons of bitches, causing a demonstration at the hotel? Those sons of bitches! You must feel your blood boiling when you see that. Your anger must boil. Your heart must explode. That is why I created this media organization and communication agency and did all that work. Until now, I have not said a word. So I created world-class organizations like the media leaders' conference to persuade everyone and laid the foundation for that. Is that easy? Do you think you can just dream about it? When you are hungry, you think about eating, but do you think about what the future purpose will be? 

Now, American scholars will not study Reverend Moon anymore; world scholars will study Reverend Moon. Do you understand that such an atmosphere is coming?

The world is going to ruin, and it cannot be allowed to ruin, which is why I have been doing these things, receiving blame and ridicule from others. Look, I did it in New York, I did it in San Francisco, I did it in Boston, I did it in Washington; is there anyone among the American people who does not know Reverend Moon?

Do you remember when I emphasized in 1977 that we must revive Reverend Moon's name? The name must be revived. Then America can live. America will live. What have the responsible leaders done? What have the responsible leaders done for the people? They should fight against those who oppose and teach the ignorant, they should promote. You must understand that. If you had prepared to move this country with all your strength in various ways, what would have happened? If you ignite a fire in a place like South America, it will make rapid progress. The time has come to make such a decision.

So after this scientist conference, I will go to England for a bit. I will not be staying long in America. I might just go and come back. Do you think you can take responsibility in place of the teacher and do better than the teacher, so that heaven can have a foundation to sympathize with you emotionally? What will you do? Will you do it or not? "We will."

When the teacher held the conference, all the members came in, right? After that, it was a war of attrition, a war of attrition. The leaders here are all negative, negative. They have created more negatives than positives. What do you think? Do you want to see that and let everything fail? So, what do you want to do? Can you work tenfold, twentyfold harder? What do you think? Answer me. "We will."

You must discard the mindset you have had until now and take on the opposite mindset. Therefore, this time, there will be a comprehensive personnel change. That is why you will need to pray a lot when the teacher is not around. No matter when new hardships come, you must digest them gratefully, and you must go toward the day when the nation opposes and the whole thing can oppose. You must create that. You must fight. You must fight. You must overcome the opposition of the whole nation. You must win to remain. Even if the whole nation opposes, you must educate and instill ideas from the governor down to the administrative officials.

Now, will you take responsibility for America for the next three years? Those who cannot take responsibility should all quit this time, all of them. So this time, the teacher has given a very serious order to evangelize 3,000 people in New York in 40 days. What will you do? Will you do that? Will you take responsibility? "Yes." You all do not understand. You do not understand the world.

Then from now on, when you go back, live in the opposite way. Do not eat breakfast in the morning; eat it at dawn, and have lunch at dinner, and do everything completely in reverse. Sleep during the day and work at night. If your mindset does not change, then do as I say.

Everything the teacher has commanded until now must be revived by June of next year. You must have the awareness that you will do it again. Now, from December to June of next year, everything must be forgiven. All the governors... Why can't you meet those governors? You must appear as a problematic figure in that state. You must appear as a problematic figure for the purpose, for heaven. So, you must freely take your younger siblings and have them do errands. You must forcefully stop those who are decaying from taking drugs and alcohol. You must do what parents cannot do. You can do it because you are the older brother, right? Because you are the older sister, you can do it, right? In terms of purpose, the time has come for that, the time has come. Your older siblings and parents cannot do it. You will only go to them when you are returning the clan. It is like when Jacob meets Esau. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." So by June of next year, you must completely eliminate the mindset you have had until now.

Now during that period, how many hours will you sleep over the next three and a half years? Let's decide. Kamiyama! "Yes." How many hours will you let the fundraising members sleep? "About three or four hours." What will you do? You must repent. If the responsible person cannot take responsibility, your three generations of ancestors will be affected. And the past, present, and future will be at stake. Then how many people will you evangelize during these six months? The responsible leaders must evangelize at least three people a month, right? Even if the members do one each. If you cannot lay the foundation during this period, there is no hope. There is no hope at all. That is something wrong, wrong.

Now, from today, you will all eliminate the title of chief responsible person. Do you understand what that means? What is the responsibility of the chief responsible person? From today, you are the home church leader. You are the home church leader who must take responsibility first in any state.
You need to have a concept. Do you all have the 360 homes? Raise your hand if you don’t have them. Why haven’t you gotten them? You guys, didn’t I tell you to do that? The people in charge were also instructed by the teacher to have home churches. From now on, you need to do that. Do you understand what I’m saying? “Yes.” And all of you European leaders have been doing home church activities, haven’t you? 

How did you do that? Did you only take on welcoming homes for the 360 homes, like home number 1, home number 2, and so on? How did you take them on? “The latter.” Did you all do that? That’s the principle. Then when you go back to your regions, from now on, the members will not be doing activities based on your commands, but each will become independent and actively develop home church activities. So, if the members all focus on themselves and become independent, they can immediately create a relative authority with themselves. They will create a relative authority as the subject. Do you understand what I’m saying? “Yes.” You must first complete the home church.

Originally, when the seminary students from London came, they should have been driven out onto the streets to create a home church system and work nationwide, but now that there is a foundation, they are allowed to continue based on what was previously established. Is there anyone here from London? Is there anyone representing England? You guys, if you can’t come, you should send someone in your place! London has established a tradition, and I have set all of that up. Even these days, they are all going out and doing that. (The recording briefly cuts out.)

And on Sunday, I will speak under the title of the completion of providence… Was the 12th a Sunday? “The 19th is a Sunday.” No, I mean the previous Sunday. I instructed that all the recordings from the 12th and the 19th be made into cassette tapes. When you go back, go to the headquarters and get all of that.

Now, let’s briefly talk about the history of restoration through indemnity until lunchtime. You are doing this, and will our will be fulfilled and become heaven? It won’t become heaven. Ultimately, how do we create a base on earth? This is home church. The principle of home church is how to create a heavenly base on earth. 

The biggest problem in the restoration providence so far is that we could not establish a global condition of indemnity at once. This is the history of finding individuals, Adam, after the fall. Even Adam must go through three eras to be completed. When Adam is completed, he must find the center and find the counterpart, and go through numerous stages of restoration such as family, tribe, nation, and so on, to ultimately overcome and win over the world; otherwise, he cannot resolve the global issues, and that is the will of providence. It must go through the nation, the world, and all of that.

When the returning Lord comes to this earth, he must fight through individuals, families, tribes, nations, and the world. He must be able to represent the world. Therefore, he must win and then come back to realize heaven in the family.

Adam came and… Because Adam himself fell centered on the family, he must restore centered on the family. He must overcome centered on the family. All must go through the tribe, nation, and world. So, if there is such a family, Satan will block it from going out. He opposes it by going beyond the nation and the world.

Why is that? Why must the completed Adam suffer such persecution? It is because Adam brought in Satan when he fell. So, the first son is on Satan’s side. The first son becomes aligned with Satan. Therefore, the restoration must happen through the second son. That is the principle.

From the perspective of God’s will, both the first son and the second son must be on God’s side. Then who will receive the inheritance? Who is the heir? From a principled perspective, the firstborn receiving the inheritance is the principle. That is the principle. However, from the fallen position, who is the person established in the providence of restoration? He is the second son, the second son. Therefore, from a principled perspective, there must be a struggle to take the firstborn’s position from the second son. There must be a struggle among brothers.

To create the starting point of such a history, in the history of Israel, the struggle centered on Jacob and Esau begins with conditions to take away the birthright. Now, to take this away, you must fight and win in reality. And by winning the fight at the Jabbok River, he received the name Israel. So, personally and on a clan basis, he established the foundation for victory by taking the standard of the firstborn. Therefore, whenever the Israelite nation crosses a path, there must be a family struggle, a tribal struggle, and a national struggle.

So, it must connect from the nation to the world. It must be connected in a straight line. (As he writes on the board) When this happens, the entire body must unite around this person in charge. The person in charge here must also be one with the whole, and this person in charge must be one with the entire body. Therefore, to overcome the opposition and persecution of the nation and the world, this must be done.

So, to overcome to the world, it must connect from individuals to families, tribes, nations, and the world. However, all of this has not been connected. (Pointing to what he wrote) It is like this, and like this, and all of it has taken all sorts of shapes. It goes back and forth, up and down, all like this. Because it has not been connected, the one who is coming, Jesus, is the Messiah within the Israelite nation.

When Jesus came into the national era of the Israelite nation, if this nation had completely united and welcomed Jesus, everything would have been accomplished within seven years. Then the entire nation would have to unite and confront the representative nation of the world, Rome. This must be overcome. The national peak must be crossed, and the global peak must be crossed.

So, when a family wins against the Roman Empire, even though it is a family, it has won against the world nation, so the national standard, the ethnic standard, the tribal standard, and the family standard all connect around that family. This becomes the result that can be transferred here, and the tribal standard can be moved here, and then the national standard can be moved here, establishing a foundation that has indemnified the world. This enters here. (As he writes on the board) What does this mean? After Jesus wins against the Roman Empire, where will he go? It will be centered on the nation of Israel, and the global situation will be determined. So ultimately, what has been going on until now is to subjugate the firstborn. The second son fights to subjugate the firstborn and take away the birthright. It is a reversal of the firstborn and the second son. By doing this, as Satan opposed and lost, now he can return as the victorious Adam.

Now, when he returns here, is this the position of the second son or the firstborn? “It is the position of the firstborn.” The position of the firstborn. Is that the firstborn representing the family or the firstborn representing the world? Which one? “It is the firstborn representing the world.” 

Even if the Messiah comes, that Messiah must go through a seven-year process to break through the world. Even during the time of Jesus, he had to fight centered on the national standard for seven years to break through. However, because Jesus failed due to his death, in the time of the Second Coming, this is extended and done instead. Do you understand what I’m saying? “Yes.”

Then, centered on Christianity worldwide, if it is done over seven years, then it will enter into the world era. Do you understand? However, because Christianity opposed the coming Lord and was completely broken apart, it must be done again.

Now, if the Messiah comes and starts personally, growing and doing this over a long period, if Christianity had welcomed him and he had stood in the Lord’s position at once, everything would have been united within seven years. If Christianity had supported him, within the seven years, centered on Christianity, the foundation of the world would have been completely established. However, because this did not happen and there was total opposition, it has entered into the very center of the world of Satan.

If Christianity had supported him, the Christian world has families, tribes, and nations, so it would have restored the firstborn all at once. Do you understand what that means? But because there was opposition, everything fell apart. So, having gone through the Adam era, the Jesus era, and the era of the Second Coming, it connects the three-stage history, the three seven-year courses. You must understand this. It is about making what was all separate into one, one. That is why the three seven-year course came out in the Unification Church.

In this 21-year period, how do we pave the heavenly highway that connects everything from the individual to the tribal, national, and global levels? Therefore, we are pulling the family and going out to the world stage. If that family wins against the tribe, it takes away the firstborn inheritance within the tribal realm; if it wins against the nation, it takes away the firstborn right of the nation; if it wins against the world, it indemnifies and restores the world’s firstborn right.

So, the Unification Church, in America, is the representative nation centered on Christianity in the democratic world. Today, having confronted and won centered on the family of the teacher who came from Korea means that the position of the firstborn of the Cain lineage on Satan’s side centered on America and the position of the second son on God’s side have completely changed. You must understand that this is the struggle. Therefore, the Jews, Christians, and Americans came together, and the stages of resurrection, growth, and perfection combined to oppose the Unification Church.

This nation of America is a model of the heavenly kingdom on earth. Do you understand? That struggle is the struggle centered on this Washington conference. Having fought like that, we have now entered a stage where we can completely subjugate Congress, so now we can return. The teacher can return at will. If the period until September 18, 1976, was the period of spiritual struggle, then from that point until September 18, 1978, it becomes the period of physical struggle. Therefore, having become the firstborn from the position of victory here, this firstborn can also be the firstborn of the nation, the firstborn of the people, the firstborn of the tribe, and the firstborn of the family, returning to the original position as the firstborn. Now, he can go anywhere.

The position of Adam is the position of all firstborns. It is the position of the individual firstborn, the family firstborn, the tribal and national firstborn, and the national firstborn. It is the position of all firstborns. Is that right? The original Adam comes out from there. Therefore, by winning and returning like this, he returns to the original position of Adam. Do you understand what I’m saying? Adam is the center individually, the center in the family, the center in the tribe, the center in the nation, the center in the world, and the center between heaven and earth. He is the firstborn, the firstborn. He stands in the position of the firstborn in all fields. So do you understand the principle that he must fight and go to the world and then return?

So why must we fight and go? It is to restore the position of the firstborn. It must be established to the global level so that God can freely grant the inheritance of the universe to the one in the position of the firstborn. Otherwise, it cannot be granted. Do you understand that clearly? “Yes.” The teacher has brought the family and has completed the restoration of the individual, family, tribe, nation, and world. He has always taken the mother with him. The mother never absolutely refused. Because Hae-won did not govern Adam and did not submit, conversely, if absolute submission is done, everything will be overcome. Do you understand? This is what happened by September 18, 1976… Do you understand? “Yes.”

So, everyone opposed the teacher, who was in the position of the second son, because he was the older brother, and they all hit him at will, but this has been reversed. The second son, the teacher, has become the firstborn and has risen above, and the firstborn has become the second son. Is that right? When he becomes the older brother, the world will all change.

So, having won here, until now, the firstborn has been hitting the second son, but now that the second son has become the firstborn, heaven will hit the second son… Here, the firstborn on Satan’s side has been hitting the second son and dragging him to hell, but because the era has changed, now the second son on heaven’s side will hit the firstborn who has become the second son and take him to heaven. This logic is established. Previously, Satan hit the second sons, the Christians, and dragged them to hell. Do you understand what I’m saying? Therefore, now you can hit your younger siblings and forcibly bring them to evangelize. This logic is established. The victory over Congressman Fraser was because of this. It is an attack because the spiritual conditions have been established. Then there will be a trial. We will go to trial with the New York Times and do everything.

Now, looking back, the people who opposed the Unification Church centered on Fraser have all fallen away. They have all been punished, whether in Korea or elsewhere. This time, someone, was it Ryan? A congressman, isn’t he the one who opposed the Unification Church after Congressman Fraser? He died this time. Is it Ryan? Do you understand what I’m saying? If this is a lie, then everything I said is a lie.

So, because the teacher fought such struggles, this time, through England and Korea, he returned along this course. What was done during this period was that, it was exactly six months. No, it was six months and one day. (Laughter) So now Korea has welcomed him. Korea has welcomed him. Do you understand? Because it has become such a standard, now, in terms of national standards, the teacher can move freely. Do you understand?

Also, the Satans of the world, those who opposed, have already lost, so there is no one to oppose! Even if they oppose, they cannot take away the whole. What does that mean? It means that every country in the world has been made into a nation of John the Baptist. Do you understand this theoretically? Do you understand it from a principled perspective? That is why the teacher can go anywhere… Do you understand? Therefore, what about the members of the Unification Church? It means they have become the firstborn.

To inherit the victory of the True Parents, become the tribal True Parents.
Now, what did Jesus fail at? To become the tribal Messiah… He could not become the tribal, clan-centered Messiah. What is that tribe? It is the family of Joseph and the family of Zechariah. What does this mean? They must become one there and inherit the family’s firstborn rights. Jesus, from the position of the second son, must do everything to be in the position of the firstborn. If this inheritance had been established, there would be no need for evangelism. The nation and the world would automatically inherit. Therefore, Jesus went to the house of John the Baptist to take the position of the firstborn, and the second son…
the position of the tribal messiah, but if a birthright is established for the tribe, the conditions for the birthright at the national level and the world level are automatically fulfilled. Do you understand what I mean? Even hypothetically, it works that way. Just as Cain and Abel can restore their parents by uniting, when two families unite, they can give birth to tribal true parents from the position of the tribal messiah. I'm talking about the position of the messiah. (He speaks while writing on the board) However, this has been violated. Do you understand? Therefore, we are in a position where this must be restored.

Now, you all have the qualification to inherit the victory of the true parents centered on the true parents. In the past, it was a vertical messiah, but now it is about placing the members of the Unification Church around the world centered on the horizontal authority of the tribal messiah. It is a privilege to be sent out horizontally to complete the clan messiah authority that Jesus failed to achieve. If you are worse than Jesus, you cannot enter heaven. Therefore, you must follow the teacher and receive blessings… You must follow the teacher. That is how you receive blessings. Isn't that how it is now?

Having established the position of victory, you are all to be placed in the same position where Jesus has triumphed, in the position of indemnity, with a horizontal messianic rank, and be deployed around the world. Just like Jesus, you must go alone as a man and find the Cain-like tribes, subdue them, and create a family in the position of Joseph's family in your hometown. That is the conclusion.

Only by uniting the Cain-like tribe and the Abel-like tribe can the parents be restored. Adam and Eve can only be restored when Abel and Cain unite. Isn't that right? By establishing the position of the firstborn, either Abel or Cain must stand on God's side to be restored. That is the principle. Until Cain and Abel are restored, they are fulfilling the messianic mission, but after restoration, they will be crowned as true parents. Do you understand what that means? Then, naturally, the nation, the state, and the world will be restored. Do you understand clearly?

Therefore, in front of you, it is creating a home church for you to become tribal messiahs and tribal true parents. By whom? By the spirit of God and the spirit of the true parents. Why? Because it is possible to subdue the satanic world and establish the conditions under which Satan can be subdued. Because this has been established, the time of opposing the Unification Church has passed. The opposition is all over. Now, those who are tied up in opposition will not last long.

You must not remain idle. If you remain idle, you will continue to face opposition. "What did we do wrong? What did we do wrong?" You must fight. If there are those who oppose, grab them and demand evidence. Do you understand what I mean? Until now, we have been insulted, but now we say, "Why do you oppose? Why? Provide evidence." And now, a trial has begun in Korea, those sons of bitches! We will catch all those who falsely accused us in the past, including in Japan. They are also holding trials in Japan, do you understand?

From now on, you must not go quietly to the Lord and be insulted. Go and ask, "Why do you oppose? Provide evidence." You must go and immediately file a lawsuit. These days, we are having many trials. Recently, Kamiyama filed about 50 lawsuits, and we have won 30 of them. It was all instructed by the teacher. We are to have trials. That is why the Unification Church is the most feared. Do you understand this theoretically? You understand that you will become tribal messiahs, right? You must go for seven years, starting from three and a half years.

Home church is a microcosm of the world and humanity. 

So, do we need home church? What is home church? It is another earth. It is a microcosm of the earth. Do you understand what I mean? Do you understand what that means?

Until now, world history has gone through three eras. The history of restoration centered on the earth has gone through three eras: the era of rebirth, the era of completion, and the era of growth. What does this mean? It is all the era of offerings. The Old Testament era is the era of material offerings, the New Testament era is the era of firstborn offerings, and the era of the Divine Principle is the era of heart offerings. This earth is an offering that represents the land. Isn't that right? All of this must be reduced. Originally, you should overcome as individuals, families, and tribes, but this cannot be done. It cannot be done. However, because the parents did this, you inherit it and establish these conditions to indemnify the world. The 360 homes of home church represent the whole world. It stands for the world and humanity. It combines the earth and people. And what does 360 symbolize? It represents the 360 degrees of space, and 360 days refer to time in the lunar calendar.

From here, the numbers 3, 12, 72, 120, and then 360 all contain the numbers for restoration. They are all included. This is the number 4… Do you understand? "Yes." On the day of indemnity… This means that each of you is entering an era where you can save not only yourselves but also your tribe. It is no longer just an era of individual salvation. Until now, we could only achieve individual salvation, but now we have entered the era of tribal salvation. Do you understand?

Now, why was Jesus unable to establish the kingdom of heaven on earth? It was because he could not create the 84 people who were the 12 apostles and 72 disciples combined. (He writes on the board) What have you been doing until now? For seven years, we are saying to evangelize one person each month. It is not just about evangelizing one person each month centered on seven years, is it? Therefore, what you are doing is creating a tribe, a tribe. If that is restored, you do not have to do this work. Now is the time for you to take those people back to your hometown. Because of this history of indemnity and restoration of Cain and Abel, those whom heaven has chosen must all leave their homes and return home after achieving victory. This has been the history until now. 

Because of this principle, many religions have called for leaving home. The term "leaving home" comes from this. It means returning to find the inheritance of the firstborn. Do you understand what I mean?

The same goes for the teacher. Until now, I had parents, but I never did evangelism. I never once shared the Principle with my mother. I never spoke the Principle to any of my relatives. I am returning after establishing the condition that I loved you all more. I am returning after finding you. So, on November 2, 1978, I finally held a ceremony centered on my ancestors, my mother and father. I held a ceremony to unite heaven and earth.

Home church is an altar where spirits of the spirit world can cooperate. 

What did we do last time? The spirit world is structured in such a way that all relationships on earth are just as they are, so the spirit world consists of numerous clubs. They are all divided, split into two worlds. Just as there are walls here, it is the same there. Do you understand? The spirit world is all like this, just like the earth.

While existing like this, the religious realm gathers according to that lineage. Then, what must the teacher do? Centered on the main religions and the branch religions, we must create one, establishing a subject-object relationship and connecting them. We must establish all the conditions to unify this on earth. As a result, the spirit world will be completely connected. This is the first point. The next point is the tribe, the clan, the main clan and the branch clan. If these two become one, the spirit world becomes one. To do this, we must unify the main religions and the branch religions. Only then does this begin. Do you understand?

So, this time, what did we do? Centered on the teacher's tribe, we did the work of uniting the branch tribes of the world, and centered on the Unification Church, we made the branch religions unite and become one. How many days ago was that? "November 2, 1978." Yes, we held such a ceremony in Cheongpyeong. After holding that ceremony, I said that if something went wrong in our church, there would be conditions for indemnity, and sure enough, within three weeks, a major accident occurred. Four of our members died there. And in New Zealand, people died, and all this indemnity occurred. Do you understand what that means? As a result, the entire spirit world, the spirit world of these two worlds, has been connected and become one. All the walls have collapsed.

Therefore, in the spirit world, your ancestors can come down anywhere freely, without walls. In the past, it was so difficult to come down from the spirit world that they could not come down. But now, because the spirit world and the earth have become one unified realm, those who oppose the Unification Church will perish. Gradually, now that the third seven-year course is passing, I am not afraid of opposition. Do you understand what I mean?

Then why is that? The earth is Adam, and the spirit world is the archangel. (He writes on the board) Therefore, we must establish the position of Adam, which represents the entire earth, and the position of the archangel, which represents the entire spirit world. Before the fall, the entire spirit world cooperated with Adam. Therefore, now the entire spirit world cooperates with you.

Now, if your home church is in Florida, the home church has become Florida, so the entire spirit world cooperates with the 360 home churches in Florida. Of course, the ancestors there and the people who lived nearby, as well as the spirits living in America, all cooperate with that home. Your relatives' spirits also all cooperate there. The spirits cooperating there are doing so in the same way they would cooperate with their relatives. Therefore, this transcends the rights of the clan. It can cooperate beyond your tribal rights, at the club level, at the block level. The entire spirit world can cooperate, that is what I mean.

So, whether they are spirits of Buddhism, Catholicism, or Islam who lived in Florida, they all return and cooperate with the Unification Church. Even spirits who did not believe in the past will all cooperate. Those who lived in that area and believed in Buddhism will transcend their Buddhism and sect and cooperate entirely. They will all come together and cooperate. Isn't that how it should be? Therefore, what is the altar where the original spiritual standard and physical standard can become reality? It is home church, do you understand?

So, what must you do? You must restore from the very bottom. You must restore from the lowest level, from servant to servant, to adopted child, to son, to parent. Why must you do this? Because you are the ones responsible for saving the whole. Do you understand? It is not about going to the position of the teacher.

Love those at the very bottom. 

Now, when Jesus washed the feet of his disciples with a towel, he taught them how to wash feet, right? He taught them all this, and if you can do that, if you can lay the foundation, you will rise. Therefore, you must love the trash of humanity. When you go home, remove all the trash. You must love them. Do you understand? Therefore, you must go to people and change babies' diapers and wash their noses. You must clean up the dirtiest, smelliest things in your home. You are creating heaven. You must achieve the kingdom of heaven even if it means doing that.

Then, it will be, "Oh, I will do this for my family. Oh, I will do this." You will automatically inherit and come out. You will definitely inherit automatically. So, when this becomes known in the neighborhood, if this person goes somewhere, everyone will want to follow, and when this person comes, they will say, "Great!" Such things will happen.

Just as you want to follow the teacher wherever he goes, it will be the same. If I am in England, your hearts are all in England, right? When I am here, you are here. "Yes." Such phenomena will definitely occur, all of them. If there is something good, you will not just eat it yourself but want to give it away, and if there is something good, you will want to buy it for others. You will definitely feel that way.

The teacher has walked that path too. The teacher has taken care of many women, even to the point of washing their menstrual cloths. Even cleaning up the mess of grandmothers… (The recording cuts off for a moment)

We must be more loyal before God than anyone in history. 

The spirit world is mobilizing to return and cooperate. You must understand this. You must be more diligent than the spirit world as a condition. Adam must be more diligent than the angels. It is the same. The spirit world is cooperating because they want to owe you a favor; they want to owe you a favor in the spirit world. But can those who are supposed to be the masters be worse than the spirits who want to owe them a favor? Can they become the masters? Do you understand what I mean?

Therefore, the spirits of that region cooperate, and you must have the conviction that you will not yield even an inch in your loyalty to God compared to anyone who has lived in that region. Regardless of who it is, any loyal person, I must be even a step ahead, even a little bit ahead. I must practice more than those who have lived on earth and worked hard for the nation and all public matters. I must do even a little more. That is the principle. Do you understand?

That is what the teacher has done since coming to America. I have taken the lead in serving heaven more than any current American citizen or anyone who has lived in America. I cannot lose. Even in a village, I have taken the lead; I have not lagged behind. Historically, I have been better than anyone on this earth; I have been ahead… This must be done thoroughly. If this is not done, it absolutely cannot work, absolutely. The spirit world cannot cooperate. Do you understand? When that day comes, the spirit world will surely cooperate. You will never starve, and you will never be pitiful. You will absolutely not perish. So, is what the teacher says a lie? Call out the spirits from that position and ask them to come here and cooperate.

Then the spirit world will take the lead. After you go to the spirit world, you all want to come back to this earth freely, right? Do you want to be introduced to come back, or do you want to come back freely? Therefore, home church is like a home. Just as a young bird leaves the nest and flies anywhere on earth, you will become an ideal original spiritual being that can freely act beyond the entire earthly realm by making this a nest. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Now, your path is to go to my house and evangelize, but that must go through the foundation of home church, the foundation of home church. No matter how much work you do elsewhere, you must come to home church and do it again. Now, this earth is like a base for launching satellites, like Cape Kennedy, a base. Do you understand? Now, will you carry the flag of victory? How will you go? This is more than your wives.
the 21-day training, and then the 40-day training. Now, we are planning a 70-day training. This is to ensure that the members who go out to the field have the qualities of leaders. 

So, when you go to the states and people are created, you will be dividing them in half, giving half of the 50 members who were moving around. The mobile teams that evangelize do not have to do that. The areas where the mobile teams evangelize will be managed by the van leaders, and they can designate the pioneering areas. 

Since they return to their states, they must find a way to create ten people with three people in the most important areas of that state. This is what you need to study. 

The training education should be taken responsibility by the state leaders. So, we are planning for 70 days. Originally, this was a 2-day training, then a 7-day training, followed by a 21-day training, and then a 40-day training. Now, we are planning a 70-day training. This is to ensure that the members who go out to the field have the qualities of leaders.
There are 21-day training and 40-day training, but this is a 70-day training. (While writing on the board) You cannot become a person without receiving the 70-day training. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." The three people assigned to the regions must receive this kind of education before being assigned. Even if they are assigned, they must go through this process. They should do the 2-day training first, then the 7-day training... Even if it takes time, they must do it. It is mandatory.

Therefore, from now on, anyone coming in here will be questioned about whether they have received the 7-day training or the 21-day training. If someone asks, "How many days of training did you receive?" they should be able to answer, "I received the 70-day training." Anyone in the Unification Church is not considered a member unless they go through the formal 70-day process. They are not treated as formal members. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

We are planning to conduct all church activities centered around these educated individuals. We need to quickly create such people for the mobile task force activities. We should select people who can be responsible for the mobile task force from among these individuals, so that they can be the center of the activities. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

We need to expand this strategy in Europe as well. If we cannot create three mobile task forces at once due to the circumstances, we should create at least one task force and carry out these activities. If that is not possible, we should create it with ten people. Do you understand what I mean? Why do we do this? Because by doing these activities, a person who has settled in one place does not become accustomed to it in their own way. Therefore, the mobile task force always operates in this way to provide fresh stimulation, fresh stimulation.

When 'Frontier 78' moves, did they all mix together, or did they move in groups? If they operated three times, did they go to the same place three times, or to different places? "They rotated among each other, but in the end, they went to the same city again. One city received three teams." (Translator) "The team leaders changed, but the members remained the same." (Kwak Jeong-hwan) The members went to the same place? "Yes." "Since there was a connection with the places they went... (Kwak Jeong-hwan)" Was the team leader chosen separately? "Yes."

What was organized for this activity? We need to evangelize all journalists. (Briefly organizing the activity personnel)

You all need to receive some training by joining the mobile task force this time. You must carry out the mobile task force activities as a serious endeavor. There are only six of you. (Designating people for the mobile task force and organizing teams) 

We need to guide the graduates from the theological college well to get good responses. We need to pull out instructors from here; who is good at lecturing? The instructor must take responsibility well. Who is good at lecturing? When we hold training sessions nationwide, we need to create an instructor's room here and assign people. Now, I will appoint Jotel as the person in charge there. The next person in charge will be David Hall. Let's add one more person. We need three people. Let's remove one more person. Who will we assign? The instructor must be someone who can be a model in terms of spiritual aspects and all other aspects. Let's start with just two people and see how it goes. One person will be removed later.

When we hold special training sessions nationwide, everyone must go on business trips to support them. That is necessary. Michael Smith! You will be responsible for the Principle Study Group headquarters that Jotel was in charge of.

As for Seok Jun-ho, how about touring the places where the graduated seminarians are? It would be good to tour the local areas for about six months to a year and then come to the seminary. Knowing the local areas... You should only tour those who have become leaders among the seminary graduates. You need to guide them in lecturing and such. You should tour for about a week to understand the overall situation.

Even when you come to work at the seminary in the future, you need to know all of this and understand the situation of who is capable and who is not. If someone lacks skills, you should bring them in to give lectures and do this work. You will also teach the Principle lectures and Unification Thought, so you need to guide all activities. Those who lack ability must be guided.

Meanwhile, Sang-cheol, keep in touch with David Kim, and if you think this person lacks real potential for advancement, you should assess them elsewhere, like at Capro or somewhere else. This should be done locally. Do you understand what I mean?

Raise your hands if you are graduates of the seminary. How many are there? Only 16? Are there people assigned elsewhere? Are there people who have gone to other places? "Yes." Where did they go? "Not counting those who went to graduate school, they went as pioneers..." As for seminary graduates, no matter where they are, you should visit them and coach them. Whether it's a Victory lecture or anything else, if that person has a talent for the Principle lecture, you should tour and report everything. Therefore, where there are seminary graduates, we should send as many graduates as possible to get effective responses. You, have you not lectured before? What is that person's name? "Gary Walton." You need to receive some training.

5) Cooperation from the spiritual world and us

This time, we made personnel adjustments, and you all need to go to new areas and work hard. You may think, "Oh, I would like to stay here a bit longer," but you need to understand that you have reached a limit where you cannot stay longer, so you should work with a grateful heart.

And those coming to the East, those coming close to the East, I see their responsibilities as significant. We need to create an activity system where the person directly responsible here can report every week.

Therefore, while I am here, I plan to create a system where Mr. Kwak will report to me. When I leave, you should understand that Mr. Kwak will act as my representative.

And in the Washington area, since Kim Byung-ho is currently here, it would be good to consult and cooperate with Michael a lot. So, I will instruct to elevate him to an advisory position. He has come from being responsible for the headquarters church in Seoul. He is quite capable. Knowing this, Kim Byung-ho should focus on developing the Washington area.

November 27, 1978 (Monday), Sheraton Hotel (Boston).
* This instruction was given during the meeting of world leaders and American leaders, and the title was added by the editor.

106 Cooperation from the spiritual world and us

Now, if there is something special, I will instruct you next time, and we need to wrap this up quickly. Why? Because the first day of the lunar new year is approaching, and we plan to make a complete reform then. What will the members from Europe do? Will they go straight back, or will they stop by New York? "You should tell us to come to New York, Father." (Translator) So, those who need to report should come to New York. I am busy. I have an appointment to meet guests tomorrow...

Now, write down 1978.

1. Cooperation from the spiritual world and us

You all need to receive cooperation from the spiritual world. Just like the teacher mentioned yesterday, the spiritual world is preparing to cooperate centered on the earth, and it is extremely important how you can create your own foundation to utilize that point.

Therefore, we need to make a conceptual transformation. To receive cooperation from the spiritual world, I must possess environmental conditions that allow me to receive that cooperation. So, what should we do? All things on earth or any objects belonging to the church, everything that comes into the hands of Unification Church members is a sacred object, a sacred object. You must have the idea that all spirits in the spiritual world want to touch and connect with these objects.

Therefore, when it comes to the standard of dealing with objects, how should you think? You should think, "This is a high-dimensional sacred object." In other words, treat it as the most precious object among the antiques of this world. Think that you are currently touching something that has been in God's hands. At the same time, you should hope that this sacred object will touch you, 'me,' in a sacred way.

Then, by touching all objects, you should have the feeling that those objects will feel glory. This applies not only to objects but even more so to people. The question is how you can have the mindset to treat people as if God is directly dealing with them. You should think this way about objects, but also about people... It is not a matter of how others treat them. The issue is how I feel and treat that person.

Since you treat all objects as sacred, people occupy a position above objects. You should think of people as sacred children of God. Therefore, if my hand touches that person's hand, I should feel that they receive blessings through me.

People have both a mind and a body. I have a mind and a body. It is the same as having two people. Then, ultimately, in the relative world, while seeing objects as sacred and seeing people as sacred, I must also feel that my body is sacred and my mind is sacred. If I touch my body with a sincere heart, I should feel that my body appreciates it. A sincere heart. Have you thought about that, everyone? It is not an ordinary heart. When I treat my body with a heart that loves God, my body appreciates it. When that happens, behind the heart, God's love will come to me. Do you understand what that means? This kind of heart...

So, to conclude, the first thing is to treat everything as sacred, as sacred objects. Treat people as sacred beings, as if they are the sacred body of God. You should think of your own body as if it were God's body and your own heart as God's heart. If you train yourself this way, what will happen? You will hear the voice of your heart, the voice of your heart. Then that environment cannot be occupied by evil spirits. Evil spirits cannot come near. Since there are no evil spirits, only good spirits can come.

So, by establishing such a self, you create an environmental living space that calls forth spirits. And what do you do with the spiritual world? You contact powerful beings and connect with powerful forces. When that happens, no matter how bad your bed is, you will think that you are receiving God's invitation and living in the kingdom of heaven, being hosted there.

If you think this way, it will definitely create all environmental conditions to relate to good spirits in the spiritual world, and the place where I reside will be a place where I can be with God. Countless spirits move centered on God, so this becomes a foundation for the Second Coming. Do you understand what I mean?

You know, things like handkerchiefs or relics that famous people had may seem worthless, but why are they expensive? Why are they expensive? Because they have a standard of sacred value, they are expensive. Similarly, my own mental tendencies moving within the environmental conditions of being within the realm of sacred objects is extremely necessary.

Now, what you should always think about is this: before you sleep, meditate and reflect on your day, and when you wake up, you should feel that you are coming out from a deep place, that you are waking up from your heart. This way, the distance between the spiritual world and you will become closer.

As you live and navigate through this, your heart will control you. When I say I am going somewhere, my very self becomes a resonant object, a resonant object. If you think of it in the same way as a tuning fork, then at any time, your heart and body... When you treat things with the heart of a public owner, you will feel all the good and bad like waves.

When you train yourself with such a heart, if there is a person, you will immediately know whether they are a good person or a bad person. That kind of heart will come in. When you see spiritually, you will see your spiritual body moving. There will be times when you follow that person with joy, and your spiritual body will manifest externally and act. You will reach that level.

You need to educate yourself in that environment. You must train yourself. Always be careful not to have selfish desires. You need to have a public heart. If there is any difficulty, you should think, "I will go first and help the whole." You should always be ready to act. Like a fire brigade... You need to have that mindset.

Why should it be this way? Before the spiritual world acts, I must act first. Before the spiritual world goes, I must go first. Why? Because humans are originally meant to dominate the spiritual world. Originally, Adam was above the angelic world, so before the spiritual world acts, I must go first. Why? Because humans are meant to dominate the spiritual world. This will be important in the future. Do you understand?

If you sincerely pray for the people in your neighborhood for three months centered around that person, they will come. Try it. They will come. They will make sure to know me and then pray. They will be drawn to me like a powerful magnet. They will become a powerful magnet, aligning their direction and pulling others in. They will become a stimulus of love, a stimulus of spiritual love.

As you pray in this way, that prayer will have real effects. When you sincerely pray here, their hearts will become excited over there. Their hearts will become excited, and they will pack their bags and come and go. Such things will happen. Therefore, you should pray. If the teacher prayed for eight hours, you need to put in the effort to pray for more than eight hours. You need to have the mindset that as long as you are working in this world, you can continue for heaven at any time.

Then, there will be times when you feel the intersection of the spiritual world and this world. You will naturally feel the connection between the spiritual world and the physical world on the ground. (While writing on the board) You will feel this process of rising... from this dark world... You will feel this process. Then you will enter a state of no self, a state of no self. When your body and mind become one, you will feel the power that draws you up into the spiritual world. When you experience such a state, everything you preach will be supported by heaven. Even in going somewhere, you will not have decided where to go, but your feet will move on their own. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."

Therefore, where does this path begin? Treat objects as sacred, treat people as saints, and regard your own body as God's body, and feel your own heart as God's heart. Here, where you become one with God's body and heart, you should always feel that God's love is connected. Always in that environment, I am the owner... living centered on God.
I am the subject in this matter. You must have a strong sense of being the subject. Then, the spiritual world will surely assist you, even if you do not know it. It is necessary to have a posture and training that can receive spiritual cooperation based on the type that matches your heart. When the teacher moves, the spiritual world cooperates. It is the same for all of you. Do you understand what I mean? You must think, "I am sitting in the best chair in the world." You should think that you are sitting in the best sacred object in history. You should have such thoughts when meeting people. Then, that person will feel good for no reason. No matter who you meet, you become like a child. Even when you speak, you enter a state where you think several times before speaking to an elder and can speak hesitantly. Just like children think several times before speaking to adults, you become like that. You enter such a state. You think about what to say several times... Isn't that true? It actually happens that way. And then, in front of such people, you want to give them the best you have at any time.

If that happens, ultimately, you enter a position where you can receive what corresponds to that mindset. So, when someone comes to visit you, if you do not do something good for them and send them off, you cannot sleep at night. You cannot sleep. If you do something good for that person and send them off, you feel at ease, and it does not matter, but if you cannot do that, you feel uneasy and cannot sleep. You cannot sleep. You enter such a state. You enter a state of humility.

In the future, the true leaders of the Unification Church must be people who can mobilize the spiritual world for their activities. However, there is one difficult thing. When you become spiritual, there will be things that are difficult for you to control. At that time, you must have the mindset that you are appearing in place of God... Until now, you have acted alone, but from now on, how to utilize the spiritual world to increase the number of mobilizations in a three-dimensional way is an extremely important issue.

When you go out to evangelize without putting in sincerity... When the teacher was in prison, the spiritual world taught me, and unexpectedly, people in other cells brought food, and all this fun happened. I do not know where those people are, but they just walk in. And their feet come and stand by me. Would those people who were introduced like that follow the teacher or not? "They will follow." The teacher has entered that state. How much do you all have in that state? How much do you have?

You must always go with sacred objects, sacred hearts, and sacred intentions. Do you understand? You must live centered on such a life and have an environment where you can absorb and digest everything as heavenly. 

When the teacher was hungry... When going on an escape route and feeling hungry, many people set up a banquet, caught chickens, and welcomed him in white clothes in the morning. Such fun can happen anytime. And when you go to the station, you buy a ticket and wait to be sent off. Do you believe that? When I talk about such things, your head spins, so I won’t say more. (Laughter)

You must understand that such things are happening now. In the early days, when there was no money and it became difficult, heaven would give orders. When a woman from some store comes out and sells treasures, she would give all the money from selling those treasures to the teacher, down to the last penny. Not a single one is left out... It is not just talk; it is reality. Do you believe it is real? Then, how much is the spiritual world? 

Our lack of sincerity is why God's will is not fulfilled. You must take out all the bundles of your thoughts. Only then will God know, and you will not be indecisive anywhere, and even if you face opposition, you will become dignified.

Even if you have no money at all, you must take risks and pave the way to work someday. When work can succeed, the more you go, the more you want to go. 

2. Home Church and the Base of the Heavenly Kingdom
Have you heard of home church? Home church is the base of the heavenly kingdom on earth, and think about how much sacrifice must be made for that base of the heavenly kingdom to be established. You must know that many have shed blood and many nations and peoples have perished for that sacrifice.

So what is the demand of all those who shed blood? "Please fulfill my wish." What is their wish? It is to make heaven and earth mine. Everyone thinks that way. So, with that heart, they all died. I created home church to perform the settlement of all the spirits of those who have died. I must liberate all spirits in that state and perform the settlement of their grievances as the owner of liberation.

Since home church will be such a base of the heavenly kingdom, even if historical tragedies are reenacted centered on 360 homes, I am the owner who liberates them. 

Therefore, even if there are complicated matters, difficult things, and all sorts of misfortunes, you must understand that they are to be expected and digest them. Even if someone tries to kill me and I run away, I must return and do it again. To shorten the indemnity period... To shorten the indemnity period, even if 360 homes line up and attack me, I must think that I will go. Do you understand?

Then what happens is that spiritually, Satan comes and says, "Hey, you brat! What are you going to do about indemnity? You brat." Such a fight occurs. Satan sends this from the spiritual world. When that happens, you must be in a posture that can jump out on a path of adventure with your life on the line. Do you understand what I mean? 

So, through you, I am creating this historical home church and making all of it a base of the heavenly kingdom. This is the fun of creating a base of the heavenly kingdom on earth. 

In this way, I must declare that I am the owner here in the 360 homes, and I must make it so that I can treat any beggar who comes in as the owner. Even if the Messiah is a woman or a disabled person, I must make it so that they can feel that way. When I say that this cup I hold is the Messiah, I must make it so that they can believe it is the Messiah. You must always think about how much I can create that. Do you understand what I mean? You must go through all the states that can achieve that.

Thus, the base of the heavenly kingdom and home church are the issues. Do you understand? With that mindset... What I am doing is not for myself. It is not for me to live or to be liberated. I must have a public worldview that it is for the liberation of the 360 homes and the world. In the future, I will send all 360 homes to the heavenly base, and then I will follow. I am not saying I will go first. I am the shepherd, and they are like sheep. The shepherd must put all the sheep in the pen and ensure that the sheep are in a safe place; that is fulfilling the responsibility of the shepherd.

There are three concepts of ownership: public ownership, private ownership, and heavenly ownership. Then, what is the most important thing to emphasize here? It is the concept of heavenly ownership. How do you connect public things and private things to heavenly things? The concept of ownership is the most important for you.

To create the heavenly kingdom, I must provide all the materials. When providing materials, do not think that you are providing your own. You must think that you are providing heavenly things. When I give to someone, I must think that I am giving it as heavenly things, not as my own. The person receiving it knows my heart. If you do that, heaven will repay you many times over without any loss. Do you understand? The base of the heavenly kingdom and home church. In the concept of ownership, there are public ownership, private ownership, and heavenly ownership, and everything must be utilized as heavenly ownership. Now you must have a new concept and do that.

3. Embrace the Thought of Heaven, Earth, Humanity, and God
What does this mean? Above is heaven, and below is earth. The concept that reduces heaven and earth is me. In my case, my heart is like heaven. My body is like earth. When body and heart become one, heaven and earth become one... Just having body and heart does not make a person. It is love that makes a person. Love must come in. How did God create heaven and earth? He created it with love. So, you must have love like heaven and earth here; only then do I become a person.

What does that mean? It means that we have a body and a heart. (He writes as he speaks) If you separate this, the place of love is God, the heart is the son, and the body is the daughter. It is a relationship of parent and child. You must know that it is a relationship of parent and child. That is the kind of relationship it is. The counterpart of the heart is the body. When viewed from the center of love, that relationship exists. Therefore, you must understand that there is a parent-child relationship woven into your very body.

Therefore, in the parent-child relationship... Where does love start? It starts from the parent-child relationship. The love between a man and a woman does not come first. The love of the parent-child relationship between God and humanity occurs first. Look. The parent-child relationship is always vertical love. Receiving training in such love and practicing horizontal love is the love of husband and wife. Those two loves, vertical love and horizontal love, are central love.

God's presence is found where the love of the parent-child relationship and the love of the husband-wife relationship combine. Then, when sons and daughters are born, they form three generations, and this is the expectation of the son-in-law. All the principles of heaven and earth are like that. The father and son, husband and wife, and children are all gathered there. Then, grandchildren expand that parent-child relationship, and three stages become one team. That is the expectation of the son-in-law. So, from here, the horizontal world is formed.

The thought of Heaven, Earth, Humanity, and God is the relationship of the parent-child relationship and the expectation of the son-in-law's love. You must understand that. That is the expectation of the son-in-law. You must know that it is the thought of Heaven, Earth, Humanity, and God. It is the thought of heaven, the thought of earth, the thought of humanity, and the thought of God. Do you understand what I mean?

Therefore, you must be a filial child before your parents. In the relationship of husband and wife, the wife must treat her husband as her heart treats her body, and the husband must treat his wife as his heart treats his body. A man who loves his parents and loves his wife can love his children instead of his parents and can love his daughter instead of his wife. He can love his children and love his wife. Do you understand? "Yes." It always becomes that way.

Therefore, you must live serving your parents. Americans cannot do that. In America, what about parents... Three generations must be connected. American parents abandon their children, right? Where there are mothers and fathers, children are bound to go. Where there are children, mothers and fathers are always bound to go. In America, if a mother and father want to go to their children's house, they call and ask, "Can I come to your house?" What is that? Can that happen? When you go into your fiancée's room, do you call and ask, "Can I come into your room?" Such things are unnecessary. You must understand that a new America must be formed. You and your children and your parents are one family. The three generations are a community of shared destiny. You must be filial to your biological parents and love your children. Do not just say you want to have children; you must want to love your children... Heaven is the representative symbol of love that respects parents. That is the principle. Do you understand? "Yes."

Since you have known the True Parents, if you love the True Parents from now on, you will be blessed for loving your parents. Then, you must love the people of the world more than the teacher. You must use the teacher as a material for love. Do you understand? "Yes." This is a realistic issue. From now on, you must change that living environment, all of it.

4. The Problem of Life and Eternal Life
How long do you think you will live? How long? Everyone thinks, "I will live until seventy or eighty." "Yes." Before that, do you not think about dying? "Yes." (Laughter) You are greedy, greedy. Even if I absolutely believe that I will die at eighty or a hundred, I do not know if I will die tomorrow or today. Do you know if you will die while eating? Or do you know if you will die after coming home and taking off your shoes and going to sleep tonight? So, in your thoughts, "Ah, I am young, so at least I will live for forty or fifty more years." You have all those greedy thoughts, right? Do you have a guarantee from God? You should think that you might die as soon as possible, within a year. You must prepare everything in this short period. Live with that mindset. The shorter you think it is, the happier you will be. The shorter you think it is, the less loss you will have. The content of preparing sincerely during that short period is building your eternal house of life.

Then, in that short period, have you loved God? You want to become one with God and love God, but you cannot. God says, "Love." While living in the human world, introduce at least one person to God... Pour out all your sincerity 24 hours a day. If you live like that and die, that will be the subject of eternal life. Do you understand what I mean?

So, if you have not died after two years, you should pray, "Oh! Thank you. Please allow me another two years." And if you live longer, think that God has extended your life for two years because you were lacking in love. Do you understand? Two years, two years, extending it again and being thankful.

Imagine that you think you will really die in two years. How serious is that? Think about it. Visit a cemetery and go to funerals. This is absolutely necessary for your faith life. Therefore, those who want to live are dying, and those who want to die are living. The principle applies. If I think I want to die quickly and in that short period, I will die for the purpose, I will die for heaven, then I will live forever. It is the same principle. If a bachelor thinks he will die and then meets a beloved wife, how grateful will he feel? If a man who could not get married dies and then has a day to get married after resurrection, how joyful will he be?

So, how long do you think you will live? By God's command, at any moment...
What would you do if you went out to die? Then what should you leave behind? You should leave something that the heavens can praise me for. Are you confident? You think the time spent sleeping and eating is a waste. When will you rest... when will you have time to worry? 

It's a matter of life and eternity, and the shorter you grasp that life, the more valuable it becomes. So how much do you love the individual? How much will you become someone who loves individuals? Then how much did you love your family? How much did you love your clan? Loving individuals, families, and clans is a textbook for loving all humanity. To love them is to love the textbook for loving the whole. This kind of love transcends time and space to the other world... I want to love everyone like this... Do you understand? How long do you want to live? 「....」 This is a serious matter. This is absolutely something that won't be a loss in our lifetime. It is a profoundly wise thought.

So, think about how hopeful it would be to welcome the new year on the first day of the lunar calendar two years later, thinking that I did not die. Do you understand what I mean? 「Yes.」 

Now, if I say don't evangelize, then don't you? 「No.」 Life is short. The teacher knew very well how short life is. That's why I thought about how to shorten the three-year course. Now it's all over. Even if I die now, when I go before God, I can say I completed the three-year course, not that I failed. Think about it. The path is busy. You need to realize that the path is busy.

You must love your wife, love your husband, love your children, then love your parents, and then love your family. How long is this path? Those who have sinned must overcome the path of forgiveness... If I were to die tomorrow, I would have to say, "God! Please let me live just one more day." Think about how serious that is. Does that feel real to you? 「Yes.」

What benefit does this bring? Unbeknownst to me, the staircase of love in the heavenly kingdom is being built. What is it that we believe in religion? It is to overcome death, to triumph over death. It is to move towards the ideal world of the eternal realm. This is all about me.

So what is the issue of education? The best education is one that teaches love, but where is the textbook of love? The textbook is the nation. Who am I? Regarding my sons and daughters, or my wife, or my parents... Do you understand what I mean? Do we need a textbook of love? Who is the textbook? 「Me.」 Have you really loved? Loving your parents is about finding that. Because I love my parents, they cannot help but love me back. Because I love my wife, she loves me too. When there is a complete minus, a plus arises, and when there is a complete plus, a minus is bound to arise.

That's why, while fighting with your spouse, saying "You don't love me?" is unnecessary. "This child doesn't love me?" is unnecessary. "My mother doesn't love me." is unnecessary. It depends on me. As much as I love, I will be loved in return. I must love first. Who is the textbook of love? 「I am.」 That is difficult. You must understand that it is hard to play the role of someone else's husband. It is a terrifying thing for someone with children not to know love. If a husband fulfills his responsibilities as a husband, and a wife fulfills her responsibilities as a wife, and parents fulfill their responsibilities as parents, then that is good education. You must understand that I am the best material for education. Do you understand? 「Yes.」

Why do people from the East and West come to say, "We love you, teacher"? It is because there is love. If you have that kind of love, it will come back to you. There is no need to ask for love.

God created and is sitting in the heavenly kingdom, resting because He has presented this formula of equal love. Therefore, you must understand that God cannot be slandered. Do you understand what I mean? 「Yes.」 The same formula applies. Who is the textbook of love? 「I am.」 You are the example as a father, husband, son, and leader. Do you understand? 「Yes.」

So, in place of this education, we train centered around our parents, then around our family, and then around the nation. We are training to live in heaven. It connects individuals, families, societies, nations, and the world. If I am a mother, I don't need to say to my children, "I love you." They already know with just a glance. Do you understand? 「Yes.」

The essential issue is that without loving your parents, you cannot be a model of parental love. Without being able to love your wife, you cannot be a model of marital love. If parents cannot love their children, they cannot be a model of love. If you receive training that can expand this kind of love horizontally across the world, it will connect anywhere in the spirit world. Heaven is not a different world. It is such a place. Think about it, where could be better than that? Do you understand? 「Yes.」

5. Economic Issues - My Relationship with Material
When we talk about economic issues, it is always about my relationship with material. Even in business, you must love that business, love. Therefore, when I have a value of one hundred, the value of this object arises in relation to my value of one hundred. You must think that way. If I have a value of one thousand, even when facing a small object, like a tiny notebook, it may not be worth much, but it holds relative value to one thousand. Why does a fountain pen that belonged to a great person have value? It is because it carries the love of that person, which gives it relative value.

So, with that thought, whenever... If the teacher has value, then when the teacher touches any object, it gains relative value, and the object itself feels very happy and honored. Even when speaking, if I become the listener, the speaker gains relative value. This morning, I met three people who attended a scientific conference, and they said they absolutely cannot leave without shaking hands with Reverend Moon. I showed them mercy and went to shake hands directly, but they understand value.

They are participating within the realm of relative value. That is what it means. When I touch something, it gains equal value with me, so authority arises here. Even when working without a supervisor, I am creating myself. Creation is making in place of God. It is creating my own image. Creation is making the image of God. So can you treat it carelessly? You must think about economic issues in that way. Do you understand?

When I go to a titanium factory, I visit the factory several times a day, just like seeing a baby several times. That factory will never fail. God blesses it. The universe operates that way, the universe operates that way. Is that principle correct or not? Is there a supervisor who makes me work? The teacher was not concerned about whether the sun was rising or setting. You must have that kind of mindset regarding economic issues. Do you understand? My relationship with material, my relationship with heaven.

From that perspective, what kind of person am I? I am the second owner. I am the second owner going in. In this world, I am the second owner. Even when I enter a house, God is the first owner, and I am the second owner. Even in any company, "Oh, that's the boss's." That's not it. The boss is the second owner. Do you understand what I mean? 「Yes.」 You must work with a heart that can even move the company president. It is not just about how much salary you receive. The issue is how much love you can pour out and how much you can enjoy. You can work even without receiving a salary. If there is love, you can have it infinitely. Even if you have nothing, you can have it infinitely.

Those who are currently doing business must think that they are doing it for the world. For Koreans and Westerners... When that happens, as long as the business extends into the world of love, God's blessings will surely come upon it. Do you understand? Once you touch something, you must devote yourself to it 24 hours a day. Economic issues must be approached with fundraising or something similar.

6. Church Issues - The Trinity and Home Church
In the future, home church should not be done alone but should be led by the Trinity to move the whole. In overall matters, the three must be able to act together. Even if three households gather, they should take responsibility while managing activities that expand the common purpose together.

If this develops in the future, in home church... In the Trinity, it will be able to receive recognition before heaven with the best results. A form will be created in which the thirty-three Trinities can be governed by heaven. So, when the number reaches thirty, three hundred, three thousand, thirty thousand... the day this is recognized, a hierarchy will emerge. Do you understand what that means?

Next, what about the economic issues of home church? It involves using three portions from the tithe. When looking at the current economic issues in the United States regarding economic organizations or global organizations for the nation, it is the opposite. They are taking away seventy to eighty percent. If this continues, I believe it will not be sustainable in the future. So who will work? If everything is taken away, they won't work. That's right.

That is why there are many people living without working. Isn't that so? In Western societies, such as Norway or the Scandinavian Peninsula, it is a big problem. Why is it serious? It is because of people who cling to the welfare state. Why is that? There is something wrong with the system itself. Home church must be viewed from that perspective... Of course, everything belongs to heaven. We must receive from heaven and do it this way, but we must push forward with those principles while solving the economic issues of home church. One is for the church, another is for the nation, and one is for the world... You must practice that.

7. The Concept of Offering
The home church area is also an offering. What is an offering? It is a community, a community. It is connected to heaven, connected to the world of Satan, and connected to the history on this earth; the whole is connected. You must always think about the community. It is a community.

At the same time, you must live a principled life. You must not fall into the principles. Therefore, you must understand that in our church, we must pass the principles. To overcome Satan, you must know the principles. To overcome the communist world, you must know the theory of victory over communism. To create unity between the communist world and the democratic world, you must understand the unification ideology.

So, you must pass the principles, the theory of communism, and the theory of unification. What remains for us is to expel the world of Satan. It is to abolish the communist world and to create unity between the democratic world and the communist world. These are the three things. Then everything will be over. Isn't that so? That is why you must pass the principle exam in the church. The people of heaven and communism, communism claims there is no God. Then family and communism, then heaven and communism. Everything is connected. As long as the communist ideology remains in personal completion, there will be obstacles, and as long as the communist ideology remains in families, it will be a big problem, and the same goes for heaven; everything will be like this. If there is no God, everything will fall apart.

Now, communism has authority that affects my individual, authority that affects my family, and authority that affects the world, so this must be broken down. That is why we must be armed with global thought. Do you understand what I mean? 「Yes.」 You should memorize all the books that can defeat communism. Just as to become a doctor in the world, you must read and understand all those difficult books... How many principle books are there, how many theories of victory over communism are there, and how many unification theories are there? Do you understand what I mean? We must be armed with global thought.

8. Unification Thought - The Subjective Ideology of All Thoughts on Earth
There are many ideologies in this world, but our unification thought is the subjective ideology. What God wants to establish is to establish ideologies. It is not what humans want to establish. Unification thought is subjective ideology because it connects with God's thought. Thus, it is the ideology that unites democracy and communism. Next, it brings together religious and non-religious people. Therefore, the goal is to create a unified world, one world. So, you must not be ignorant of this.

9. Professorial Academy and Principle Research Association
In areas where Nobel Prize winners are located in each state of the United States, you must go and gather them all. Next time, there should be a competition to see who can gather the most Nobel Prize winners first. Do you understand what I mean? 「Yes.」 Then, there should be a competition to see who can gather the most participants for training here. This time, we need a plan to mobilize one-third of the number of people who visited each state. Then it will average around 300 people. And then 300... (the recording cuts off briefly)

10. Scholars and Life
What does that mean? You should think about how you will come into contact with scholars and engage with them in your living sphere. To do that, what must happen? You must become someone they can like. You must become someone they can like. You should call them. If there are difficulties or if it rains or if there is a typhoon, you should call to ask if the doctor is doing well, and if any incidents occur, you should inquire if the doctor knows about it.

Next is the relationship with schools and professors. What does that mean? Professors hope to be recognized in schools and to receive support from students, and you provide all of that. You create principle research associations. Then, how do you create a relationship between professors and students? That is what the principle research association does.

In this way, new professors and new students will establish this tradition to reform the academic atmosphere in America. Until now, the school authorities, professors, and students have been fighting against each other. We need to renew that and create a system where they cooperate with each other... Our Professorial Academy and Principle Research Association must create a new academic atmosphere globally. You must understand that there is a mission in this.

You are laying a foundation that can move the school and preparing everything. Do you understand? 「Yes.」 With a new system... By preparing this way, you are preparing a new living system that can equip your future. As your activity stage changes, you will align your direction accordingly.

What time is it? 「It is six o'clock.」 Is it six o'clock? My watch has died. Is it really six o'clock? 「It is five minutes to six.」 Five minutes to six. Now, then...
rice a bit... Did you make rice? Are we going to eat dinner, or what? "I prepared it." Now, 
then, everyone should understand this... If this goes well this time, think about changing the whole thing for the New Year.
125 
How will we do this during the 40-day period of evangelism? I will make personnel changes this time, and no matter how difficult it is, I will organize it by the beginning of December. Who is that? The reason I replaced Philip is that he has been struggling without a home until now, but this time I can mix things up and bring him out to work, which is good... I will make it possible for the headquarters to pay for all the Colorado homes. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."
I am currently doing evangelism, but in the future, the headquarters will pay for the expenses. Just do evangelism. I will manage the factory as much as possible, at least to the minimum, and if it can be organized, I will do it in that direction. Kamiyama! "Yes." Kamiyama will take responsibility. I will leave all the factories to Kamiyama. Until now, we have just held onto the homes we bought. Selling them would not incur a loss. The interest is only $40,000 a month. With that, Philip will always rot there. So, I have no choice but to entrust it to the headquarters, and I will go to a new pioneering area... That Virginia, right? "Yes." Virginia has been significant in America's independence movement, and many presidents have come from there. It is one of the major cities in America, a mother city. Many presidents were probably born there, right? "Yes." Washington was also born there.
So, I bought a church there. When I visited recently, I thought I bought the wrong church, but it should have been repaired by now. When I go this time, I want to utilize all 18 VTRs 100%. In doing home church, regardless of who it is, we need to lay the foundation for nationwide self-training centered around video tapes. Then, how do we lay that foundation? The headquarters is currently preparing for that. You need to work hard to be able to perform responsible activities in your regions.
Now, understand this... You all need to do the work of indemnifying and restoring what you have not been able to take responsibility for during the remaining period of 1978 when the teacher is not around. You need to evangelize three people. Aim to evangelize more than three people and march forward. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."*
6)
Tear Down the Walls
Today, there are many countries in this world, and many people live in them. Moreover, various circumstances are intertwined. In America, there are American citizens, but we feel that there are many walls between America and its citizens. 
The present world is tangled with countless walls.
Looking beyond nations to individuals, we find that within each person, there are various walls of circumstances. From the individual to the nation and the world, and further to the spiritual world, there are walls. When we think about this as a whole, isn't it true that there are countless walls connected that we cannot resolve by ourselves? Now, consider this. How many thousands or tens of thousands of walls do you think there are?
Then, putting that aside, think about just one individual, yourself. If you were to lay your heart out on a glass plate so that anyone could see it, what do you think would happen? (While writing on the board) If there is such a plate, what do you think? Would there be a lot? Would there be a lot of flat areas, or would there be many ups and downs? "There would be many ups and downs..." Everyone would answer that way. Then what about the flat areas? Here, there are all sorts of events, killing, hating, fighting, and so on. Committing sins or even murder does not just happen. It starts from the heart, from the heart. If God exists, He would not have created such people.
When you draw the sea... The sea is originally flat. However, most people think the sea is wavy. So, which is normal? (Laughs) What is the original nature of the sea? What is the nature of water? Waves are created because of the wind. When you are on a boat in the sea and a storm comes, it is truly astonishing. Waves come like mountains. When you are on a small boat, going up and down a hill is chaotic.
In this regard, the heart is the same. Originally, the sea should be flat, but just like the waves, if our hearts are supposed to be flat but have many hills and valleys, what would that be like? Now, think of the sea of the heart... Think of the heart as a sea. If a loved one is walking on that sea, and I think about resting there, what would it be like? If a loved one is walking there, how would it be? If they walk on it, it would be a big deal to walk in sync with them. You can't walk straight, can you? "Because there are ups and downs?" That's right.
You know, between couples, if the woman goes up and down like this, and the man is fickle, how hard would it be to ride that emotional wave? It's the same. (Laughs) Moreover, American women are even more so. (Laughs) Every day, the wind blows. (Laughs) Are there women who like that? Think about it. Do women like that? "No." Women don't like it either, of course. (Laughs)
Look at that. That is why the problems are complicated, and difficult circumstances are intertwined. Then, what kind of being is God? He is an idealist, that is how we see Him. He must be a being with ideals. Then, would God want to walk in a place where the hills and valleys of the heart are uneven, or would He want to walk in a flat area? "A flat area..." You all like highways, right? A well-paved highway. In such places, cars want to drive faster. That is why fast cars are impressive on good roads. If the road is good, try going slowly; can you feel that? You need to feel that.
It's the same. If God exists, where would He want to start walking? Where would He want to live? What do you think? If God exists, He would want to walk and live in the beautiful world of a loved one's heart. He would want to live in the heart of a loved one. What kind of heart? A peaceful place, like a calm shore where the wind does not blow. Wouldn't He want to live there? "Yes."
The biggest problem in tearing down the tangled walls is oneself.
Now, we said there are countless walls, but where do these walls begin to arise? Where do they start? "From people." Yes, they come from people, but where do they arise from in people? Now, do you want to remove all these walls and curves, or do you want to leave them as they are? "I want to remove them." (Laughs) Everyone wants that. But why? If everyone wants it, why can't they remove them all? Why can't they remove them? What is the reason? Because of the self. Because of the self, we cannot remove them. You need to understand that it is because of the self that we cannot remove them. Because we think everything revolves around ourselves, there are many events and these curves arise. Do you think so? "Yes." If you completely remove the self, what would happen? Would it become flat, or would it become more numerous? "It would become flat." Is that so? "Yes."
That is why the problem lies where? It lies within me. My heart builds walls centered around the self, and it is inevitable that thousands and thousands of walls will be built from even smaller things. What was initially low gradually becomes higher. Do you think so? "Yes." In this world, the biggest problem in tearing down walls is oneself, oneself. It is not something external. You need to realize that it lies within yourselves.
Jesus answered the question, "Where is the kingdom of heaven?" by saying, "It is in your heart." It must be in my heart, not in some distant place. I must establish the kingdom of heaven in my heart to establish the kingdom of heaven in that distant place. Even so, our Unification Church members are better than the people of the world, right? Isn't that so? "Yes." You all answered "yes," and that statement is correct.
Now, when you look at yourselves, how many walls do you have? Among yourselves, there are bundles, big bundles... (Writing on the board, laughing) Right? Isn't that so? "Yes." I am not like that; others are like that! (Laughs) No, you all think, "I must be that way." (Laughs) Until now, haven't you all thought that way? It's not true. You are all like this. (Laughs) This is not a fable or some symbolic statement; it is a factual statement, a factual statement. That's right.
A person who lives for the whole must become the standard.
So, what should we do about this? Who will... Do you all want to make this into a flat area? "Yes." Is there anyone who does not want that? Raise your hand if you don't want it. Now, even if you don't eat, do you want to do this, or do you think, "What will it do?" Which one is it? "We need to do it even if we don't eat."
Today, the world talks about a world of peace and a unified world, but that is all just empty talk. The question is whether I can create a world and become one. Therefore, if there is a God who knows this reality and a person with a purpose, a great person, it is inevitable that they will think they must work to unify.
So, what should we do? What standard must God establish? Do not become a person who lives for oneself, but become a person who lives for the whole; this is something that cannot be said in any other way. Since the self has created this, you can live differently from the self. You can live in the opposite way.
If there are eight people living in your family, then among those eight people, which person becomes the standard? It is not the person who lives for themselves that becomes the standard. It is undoubtedly the person who lives for the whole that becomes the standard. That person becomes a criterion. Centered around that person, when someone is less than that person, ranks 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th will emerge.
What does that mean? It speaks of a standard like a horizontal plane. Everyone, water has strong adhesion, right? Adhesion. When there is a container, if you pour water into it, the water will be like this. Adhesion, it has strong adhesion. If something is there, it will just climb up anywhere. That is why plants can grow. The human body is made up of 3/4 water. It is present in every cell.
Then, if water has such subjectivity called self, can it have adhesion? "No." You need to realize that water is doing great things. The same goes for air. Isn't that right? Even looking at these things, we can understand that the quality of wanting to exist for the whole and to be there for the whole is absolutely necessary in the life of all beings.
Now, if you have a good tree here in Belvedere, you might say, "That's great," but if you ask, "Do you want to be a tree or do you want to be water?" how would you answer? "Water..." (Laughs) Water can flow anywhere into the ground, or it can fly into the air; it has all the harmony. Can you feel that? "Yes." Between a diamond-like person and a water-like person, which would you prefer? "A water-like person." Really? "Yes."
When you look at it this way, why is that? It is because they have the character of wanting to attach all their qualities before the whole. You know, when you look at oil and water, there is not much difference. Water nurtures life. Oil has a clumping nature. Therefore, we learned in natural science that oil cannot nurture life. And this oil always wants to rise. It wants to go higher. (Laughs)
The reason why religion emphasizes sacrifice and asceticism.
When you look at it this way, in the movement to tear down the walls of the heart, the fundamental problem is the self. Do you understand? "Yes." Now, you have built a stair house in your hearts until now. It would be nice if you could build all these good houses, but you have built a house that could be struck by lightning. If that is the case, should you tear it down or leave it as it is? Raise your hand if you think it should be left as it is. (Laughs)
So, do you hope that a typhoon will come and everything will collapse at once, leaving no trace, or do you hope it will collapse slowly? Which do you prefer? "All at once..." Don't you think, "If you tear it down, it will go there again?" Wouldn't you think that? "Yes." The game of starting to tear this down is about the one who lived for themselves beginning to live for others. That is where it starts to tear down. Do you understand? "Yes."
God is a scientist. Because God knows everything, in order to turn this human condition into a product, He had no choice but to say, "Hey, you children. Listen to me. Sacrifice. Serve. Seek yourself for the sake of others." He could not help but issue this warning. Since religion is a movement that does what God desires, that movement must establish the condition of sacrifice. Therefore, in order to sacrifice, the history of asceticism unfolds. Sacrifice. Asceticism. Asceticism, right? Especially in ancient Buddhism or in the monasteries of the medieval period, they practiced a lot of asceticism. They did that, right?
But they did it blindly without knowing why they had to do it. They did not know that it was a movement to conquer oneself, to deny oneself, and to eliminate oneself. You know, those who practice meditation in Buddhism say, "Let's enter the state of no-self," and that follows this principle. What is that? It is about seeking that boundary line. All of that is about organizing the self, and by organizing the self, it is merely a method to discover the greater self.
When one lives centered on the self, they enter the universe. (While writing on the board) They become one existence in the universe. However, when one lives for the whole, they save the whole. Do you understand? Now, if there is such a person, and there is someone greater who wants to live for others, they will stand outside. They will surround that person. That person becomes the central being. Then they will be surrounded. (While writing on the board)
A person centered on the self, no matter how many degrees they have, even if they are a professor, cannot become a responsible person. They cannot become a central figure.
people would have been able to live well, but I’m not doing that. I’m sending it to the American church. This is what I’m doing. 

You need to understand that the money you raise is not enough. This is just my small contribution. Do you understand? I’m continuously supplying resources to the American church from my own account. If I had taken that money to South America, the people there would have been able to live well, but that’s not what I’m doing. I’m supporting the American church instead. 

So, you need to realize that this is a significant effort. It’s not just about raising funds; it’s about the purpose behind it. We are working for the nation and the world. This is the mindset we need to have. 

You see, the Unification Church is not just about individual gain; it’s about collective benefit. When we go out to fundraise, we are not just doing it for ourselves; we are doing it for a greater cause. 

This is the essence of our movement. It’s about breaking down barriers and building highways of love and understanding. We are not just trying to change the world; we are trying to create a new world where everyone can thrive together. 

So, as we continue this work, remember that it’s not just about the money. It’s about the spirit behind it. It’s about the love we have for humanity and the commitment we have to making this world a better place. 

Let’s keep this in mind as we move forward. We are not just individuals; we are part of a greater mission. And together, we can achieve incredible things.
The Prime Minister will welcome you. The President will buy a house and introduce it to me. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." While I’m saying this, what kind of exploitation am I doing? Those bastards. 

Why must it be this way? It’s because of this ideology. When you join hands with me, the barriers in your hearts will crumble, and even the high-ranking officials who join hands with me will have their barriers in their hearts collapse as well. It’s the same this time. The scholars who came to the scientists' conference, the world-renowned scholars, initially thought there was no one great except themselves, but these days they have all become humble. Even if I remain quiet, they come to visit and greet me. Things have changed. (Applause)

If you have that money, you will have more than enough to spend every year. God knows that people like this are needed when He thinks about the earth, so you must understand that it is an automatic conclusion that He cannot help but support the Unification Church. 

There should be no barriers in your hearts for the barriers of the world to disappear. Therefore, what you should think is this: there are no barriers where I go. There are no barriers from the earthly world. The barriers must crumble. If they don’t, I will bring them down. And if there are barriers to reaching the spiritual world, have confidence that I will bring them down. 

What country are you from? "Heaven." Heaven, huh? Do you like heaven? "Yes." (Laughter) Aren’t you American citizens? "No." You are white, right? "No." (Laughter) You all need to think about that. What kind of barriers do you have centered on yourself? Think about it now. There are many. 

And you all feel this way, right? You want to reveal all your secrets to the teacher, right? "Yes." I know all that. If you contact the spiritual world, they immediately tell you to go report to the teacher. That’s how it is. Why? Why is that? Once you report, you are liberated from it. There is a strange power. Reverend Moon has a strange power. 

So, if you have a field of your heart, what kind of heart’s field would Reverend Moon want to walk on? If God is there, what kind of heart’s field would He want to walk on? God said He is in the heart, right? Is it a thorny heart, or is it a flat heart? "A flat heart…" How wonderful would that be? Therefore, your hearts must have no barriers for the world you go to also to have no barriers. Do you understand? Throughout your life, there should be no twists, no curves. If you go to the spiritual world with such a heart, the barriers that existed in the spiritual world will also crumble, and all doors will open. 

Because of the fall, there were many obstacles from Adam to Adam's clan, tribe, nation, and world, but we must completely break these down and remove the barriers to return to our original hometown. 

You must love your parents and spouse as representatives of the world and nation. In the world, there are good and bad things; good things and their opposites. (Writing on the board) For a good person, you can do good for them. When thinking about God and us humans, God does good for both good people and bad people. But the problem now is that we need to find one lost sheep, leaving behind the ninety-nine sheep. 

So, the Unification Church should not live for the Unification Church. We must live to find the lost sheep, for the world. Have you really lived like that? Have you lived your whole life centered on others, whether it be Kim or Park? Have you lived for a house? Have you lived for a nation? Have you lived for the world? Think of that as a smaller version of your family, your nation. Do you understand? 

In that sense, if you serve the nation, if you are loyal to the nation, and if you are filial to your family, that becomes the whole world. Do you understand? The concepts are different, you see, the concepts. That’s why I came to the earth and devoted myself to all people, and I must love even one person who represents that condition, and that is to think of them as your husband or wife. 

When you quietly observe the world, what do you see? Parents, children, husband, wife—those four things. There’s nothing else. When you combine them all, there are only men and women. Do you understand? "Yes." Isn’t that right? "Yes." Therefore, what if a man truly lives for a woman with all his heart? That person is a true wife, you see. Can you divorce while living? "No." Can I divorce my mother and father? That’s not a divorce. What do you call that? Can you separate from your parents? "No." What do you call that? There’s no such thing, right? In America, they need to create a term for that. "Generational gap…" (Laughter) That’s how it is in American society. What about in our Unification Church? "There isn’t." 

Now, what is easier: for a man to live truly for another man or for a man to live fully for a woman? Is it easier for a woman to sacrifice fully for another woman? "No." (Laughter) It’s the same for men. It’s easy and good for men and women to live for each other, and that’s just it. 

But here, American women have boundaries, right? "Ah, the money in my wallet is my money. You can’t invade my savings account." Can that be? "No." What if the husband took the wife’s savings account and spent it all without asking? What would you do? Would you sue? (Laughter) American women… Would you do that? "No." 

So, who made you say "no"? "Father." (Laughter) Therefore, I must go with the condition that I have lived my whole life for people. I must love in a way that represents the whole world, the nation, and all the barriers I represent. If I hold hands with another person, even if we pass from here to America and through the world, there will be no one to stop us. Even in heaven, there will be no one to stop us, and even in the hell of the satanic world, there will be no one to stop us, not even God. That’s how I think. Wonderful. (Laughter) 

The family is a global training ground that can break down all human barriers. 

So, what should we do before that day comes? Before that day comes, we must train all the way from elementary school, middle school, high school, and university. We must live for the teacher and for our friends; that’s the training period. 

"Ah, when I serve that person in the future, I will go to some place in our country, and when I get there, everything will be dirty, so I must start cleaning up now. We must show cleanliness in how we live." That’s the kind of thought you should have. Live like that for your teacher and friends. Then your friends will say, "Come to my house," and your teacher will say, "Hey, come to my room." They will try to pull you in. Is that a wrong statement? Is that not true? That’s the training we are doing. 

Our home is a small society among our siblings, and helping each other here will cultivate the character that can help us break down all human barriers. Think of this as a global training ground. If you live like that, you will surely be filial to your parents throughout your life, and when you grow up, you will grow up like that, and when you live, you will live like that, and when you become parents and raise your children, when you grow old and are dying, you will surely be able to step over the barriers to the spiritual world. 

That’s why when you face your parents, you must ask yourself, "For whom were my eyes created?" You were born for your parents. You were born with attractive eyes to make your parents happy. Your mouth was created for your parents. To uplift and praise your parents. Your feelings in your heart were created to feel good about your parents. Listening is the same. If I do this, my parents will surely convey good words with good hearts to me. Why do I have hands and feet? I have them to help my parents. Have you lived like that? Have you tried? 

So, everyone ends up being chased away and becomes like that. Who would tell you to leave when you are doing so well? Who? In American families, parents live for themselves, and if a mother lives one hundred percent sacrificing for her husband, that’s good. But now, mothers are using their husbands to live for themselves, and children are trying to live entirely for themselves. That must be turned upside down. When you say you live for your family, how happy would that family be? 

To create a world without barriers, you must live for others. 

So, when God looks at this world, if God is a personal God, think about where He would want to go. From now on, you must do that. You must enter your home and live a life without barriers. And you must go to your workplace and live a life without barriers. To live without barriers, live for others, live for others. Then the barriers will disappear. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Is that necessary or not? "It’s necessary." 

Then, if our families, our siblings, and our society have not done that until now, we must train centered on the Unification Church. That’s why the term True Parents is such a good term. So what are you? "True children." You must build such a relationship. 

So what will you do? You are training now for the future image of having true children as True Parents in your family. Do you understand? Therefore, when I say, "Do this," do it without complaint. When you hear, "Depart at three in the morning!" you think, "Oh, I should be sleeping; what’s three o’clock? This is how the Unification Church operates…" right? Isn’t that so? Even in the early morning, when they say to gather at five o’clock, where is there a place to worship at five o’clock in the church? Is it better to gather at eight, nine, ten, or eleven? Which is better? "It’s better to gather at five." 

Also, why are you sitting here? Why? If you go to New York, there are many churches with chairs, and if you don’t come, I won’t say anything, and everything will be comfortable… Where is there a church where you sit on the floor? Like a sinner… So, it’s the worst church. "No." Then what is it? "The best church." It’s the opposite. Sitting here for worship, eating better than in established churches? "No." Is the work just for show? "No." (Laughter) Sitting here for worship and eating whatever you can, working until your bones break—that’s how it is. Do you want that? "Yes!" Reverend Moon likes that too. He has lived his whole life like that. If he sleeps for three hours, after that, he doesn’t sleep. He usually sleeps only three or four hours and still lives just fine. Ask our mother if that’s true or not. Is it true? (To Mother) "Yes." (Laughter, applause) 

Why? Why did he start doing such things? Life is short. So, to do global work and extraordinary things, there’s only the time for sleeping that can be pulled away. Sleeping time is like being dead. You must live and be active during that time. Today, doctors say you should sleep about eight hours, but that doesn’t apply to me. I am healthier than anyone else. Do you understand? That’s why the teacher has also researched exercise methods. Would it be good to teach that? "Yes." If I teach it, I’ll make a business out of it. (Laughter) 

Now, do you understand? You all know. What is today’s title? "Let’s break down the barriers." Let’s break down the barriers. Everything woven in the world of the heart has become a global barrier, and to make this equal, you must understand that there is no other way than to turn it upside down. That’s why it cannot make everything in the world equal. With the logic, ideology, and concepts like this today, to idealize today’s family as a microcosm of the nation and world, as a microcosm of men and women, as a composite microcosm of all humanity, you must live a life of self-sacrifice. Only by doing that will it be possible, and when you live with that certainty, remember that your couple will surely dominate from the earth to the heavenly kingdom, to God’s world. 

Ladies, have you ever put on makeup? You may not do it now, but did you do it in the past? I think it would be so wonderful if women sat there and did their husband’s makeup instead of just sitting there. (Laughter) And how wonderful would it be if a man did a woman’s makeup? (Laughter) That logic all holds true. There’s nothing strange about that. 

If the husband asks the wife to carry him, what would you do? "I’m weak. I don’t want to." Would you say that? "No." What would you do? Your legs would shake… (Acting. Laughter) You’d do it the other way around. Then the husband would say, "I’ll carry you." (Laughter) Then after that, the wife would always ask to be carried, and the husband would think, "I have to carry her because she’s weak." That’s okay. Do you understand what that means? Live for others, I say. Those who are determined to live like that, raise your hands. Thank you. (Cheers, applause) 

Crossroads of Life and Death 

Everything in our human life cannot escape the relationships of darkness and light, high and low, left and right, front and back. 

The issue of human life and death is determined by the smallest details. 

So, how about you now? Some of you may be feeling sleepy, while others are fully awake. (Laughter) Your hearts are the same. You may be sitting here now, but you want to go this way, you want to stay here, you want to go left, you want to go right—there are various positions. We know that. Some people like this place, and some dislike it. For some, coming this morning may be a blessing, while for others, it may be a misfortune. 

That’s why when we ask who should decide, it’s not the person next to you, nor the people in front or behind you; you must decide for yourself. You need to understand that. From this perspective, you must think seriously about how much you consider your life choices—whether to advance or retreat, or to go left or right. 

The rise and fall of humanity, success and failure, or life and death do not start from the big things. They start from the very small things. You hear something, and someone says something like, "That sounds plausible," or "That won’t work." You need to realize that misjudging these small things can determine the course of your entire life. By hearing something small and acting wrongly, life and death can be at stake.
You need to understand that this conflicting and tremendous result is connected. Now, if you take a step after hearing that and then turn back, it means that life and death are at stake here. It starts from that one step.

The same goes for what you see. Just feeling, “I wish I could be like that,” when you see something, itself influences such results. The same applies to words. If you hadn’t said that one word, such misfortunes wouldn’t have occurred, but by saying the wrong word, a tremendous issue in your life is determined. Next, our actions are the same. Even if you act without thinking, that action itself can lead to such tremendous results, which we can see often in our daily lives.

Where should the Unification Church go in such a situation?
So, in this situation, where should we go? We need to go to a higher place, a better place. That is a common notion among ordinary people. Then, what is a good and high place? A good place is one that everyone welcomes, and a bad place is one that everyone denies. A high place is where everyone desires to be. When you are in that position, everyone respects and seeks that position. This is something we know as human nature. So, is it easy for us to reach a good and high place in our daily lives? “It’s difficult.”

However, whether it’s you, people from the past who have come and gone, people living in the world now, or everyone who will come in the future, don’t you think everyone wishes for that? Looking at it this way, among all the people in the past who thought about going to a high place, would there be more successful people or more failures? “There would be more failures.” What about humanity worldwide right now? Will there be more successful people or more failures? “There are more failures.” What about the future world? The same principle operates through the past, present, and future, and that is a stark reality. You need to understand that it is a stark reality.

So, before solving this problem, which is like an equation, no matter how high and good a place you pursue, you will reach the conclusion that it is nothing more than an impossible dream. Then, looking at it centered around the members of the Unification Church, you should know that the high and good place the Unification Church desires is at a higher dimension than what ordinary people desire. Can we reach that place by following the path that those who have succeeded in human history have taken?

Now, when looking at a certain point, various phenomena unfold. (He writes and speaks) If you ascend here, you will engage in all sorts of activities. When you start running… the arrowhead gives direction. The tip determines all destinies. You must go straight. Among Unification Church members, everyone has become like this. You are in the middle, and you are moving forward like this. The Unification Church is like this. Among them, there are those who go straight and those who go around. (Laughter) They are engaging in all sorts of activities like this. (Laughter) Where are you all going right now? Are you going straight, or are you going around? You know that well. “We are going straight.” Sometimes, people stab each other in the heart and kill each other. There are many such activities right now. Our truly pitiful ones, there are many who kill those who are diligently running. Don’t you have such experiences? Do you? “No, we don’t.”

Meanwhile, the Unification Church itself bears the responsibility to run toward a goal that humanity must pursue, a higher and better place, so going to the moon is like a satellite. Is that easy? For a satellite to go to the moon, all its components must operate 100% for that purpose. They must move. They must function. If any part or component does not work, what will happen? (Laughter) It will run away to an unimaginable place. Therefore, the running Apollo 11 itself is dangerous. It looks dangerous. The more operating parts there are, the more dangerous it is. 

From that perspective, what about the Unification Church? The Unification Church is the same. “I just believe in God and want to go to heaven.” But that is not simple. And now, amidst the noise of the world, it is currently “buzzing.” Does it run well, or does it turn around sometimes? How is it? “It runs well.” (Laughter) Yes, is your attitude such that you can run well? “Yes.” Well, I’ll believe you. (Laughter) That is the situation. How about you? Is it good to be the arrowhead, or is it good to be on the side? “The arrowhead.” Everyone says “arrowhead.” Then, all obstacles are weighted 100%. If you take this as 100 points and come down gradually, it widens, but it’s easy. It looks like a line, but it only goes straight, and as it widens, it becomes easier. (He writes and speaks)

From that perspective, think of something like an arrowhead. Then you have to break through the wind wall and all obstacles. Can you just charge through toward the goal, or will you get crushed along the way? How about you? “We will break through.” When you reach the target, will you fall as soon as you hit it, or will you break through? “We will break through.” Really? These obstacles, nowadays, with Christmas and blessings and all that, are numerous. (Laughter) “What about me, what about you, what about this and that, whether you recognize me or not….” What does that mean? It means that this rubber band pulls back the more you shoot at the target. You have to break away from that. How about you? Is that right? “Oh, I think of my hometown,” right? Isn’t that so? How about you? What are you taking? Are you charging through, or are you thinking, “What should I do?” How is it? “We are charging through.”

So, will you run while looking back and thinking, “Oh, I should have waited a bit”? Or will you run without looking back? “I will run without looking back.” What you desire comes out easily and quickly, but in reality, it’s difficult. There are relationships with parents, relationships with loved ones, business relationships, issues of success, etc. They are all different.

God pursues true love only through a partner.
So, what is today’s title? “The Crossroads of Life and Death.” Then, where is the crossroads? (He writes and speaks) It’s here and there…. A crossroads is a crossroads, even if there are a thousand roads or ten thousand roads. Through whom? Through my heart, everything is connected centered around “me.” Do you think about that? “Yes.” Wherever you go, there is always that intersection. The intersection always follows you.

At first, in the world, there are many foolish people. However, as you become better and more famous, this number gradually decreases. What was once many becomes fewer. People who have reached a stage where they can rise and succeed, those with strong resolutions, have fewer crossroads. Do you understand what that means? “Yes.” In the end, it becomes all gone, and there is only one.

Now, if God exists, what about God? Would there be such crossroads? “No.” “Only one purpose and one goal.” What is that? “Only one purpose!” (Laughter) Here, all of God’s creation purposes have been completely shattered. Does that mean we should say, “Since all directions are wrong, let’s give up”? “No.” No! That’s right.

Then, what is the direction that can go toward God? What is the target that God’s arrow can aim at? What would that be? Is it God becoming higher? Does God think, “Oh, I’m like this in the universe…” and become higher? “No.” Look. Does God need power, money, or knowledge, saying, “Oh, I want to be the President of the United States”? “No.” Then what, is it that God is hungry and wants food? What does God want? “Love.” That’s right, love. That’s right, that’s right!

So, what is the highest thing God desires? “Love.” What kind of love? “True love.” True love, is that two or one? “One.” Then where does true love find its place? Can God love alone? Can God say, “Oh, that’s good, that’s good!”? “No.” Can God just be alone saying, “Oh, that’s good, that’s good”? (Laughter) How ridiculous and absurd that would be!

When beautiful women are in front of a mirror putting on makeup, I don’t see anyone saying, “Oh, I’m so beautiful, I’m so beautiful.” Is that so? Don’t they say they love and are beautiful? Isn’t that so? “Oh, your lips are beautiful. Oh, your eyes are beautiful. What’s beautiful?” Don’t they say that? Let’s ask the women. Have you ever seen that? “No.” (Laughter) Seeing you laugh, it seems you haven’t. Then who hopes for someone to say, “Oh, that’s so beautiful, so beautiful”? “Yes.” (Laughter) Who do you resemble? Do you resemble your mother, your friend, or someone else? God is like that. God resembles you.

Then can God say, “Oh, my face is so lovely!”? Can God say, “Oh, how pretty! How nice”? (Laughter) What that means is that no matter how big God’s hand is, He wants to touch something small that He loves. No matter how much God sees the whole world, He wants to see a small person He loves with His eyes. No matter how much God has ears that can hear every sound, He wants to hear the whispers of love through those ears. No matter how authoritative God’s words are and how capable He is of judging the universe, He wants to say, “Oh, I love you” with that mouth. Do you understand? God has ears to hear words of love, wants to smell the scent of love, wants to feel the touch of love, wants to see the person of love, and wants to speak words of love. It’s the same.

If God were not like that, think about how desolate God would be, how incredible that would be. Wouldn’t it? How about you? Are you searching for someone to love, or not? “We are searching.” You are searching, right? And you want to whisper with words, want to hear, want to see, want to touch, and want to do all that, right? “Yes.”

Heaven and Hell
So, then, what is heaven and what is hell? Heaven is where God resides, and hell is where Satan resides. Heaven is a place that loves God, and hell is a place that mourns centered around Satan. Who is the king of heaven? It is God, and what does God like? Does God like rich people, powerful people, or wise people just because they came to heaven? Those kinds of people are all failures! It must be a place where God can rejoice with people who can love.

What kind of place is hell? Hell is a place that boasts of power, boasts of money, and boasts of oneself. Our true heart desires to receive love and demands goodness, but the opposite nature collides in all directions in hell. However, just because you are in hell does not mean the desire to receive love disappears. It becomes stronger, even more. How much… (The recording cuts off briefly)

Heaven is a place that wants to receive love, and even when it receives, it wants to receive more. What you all think is “good,” that one word “good” enters into a thousand words of “good.” When sleepy eyes come into contact with that love, they don’t know where sleep has run away to, and when ears that couldn’t hear come into contact with the heart of love, nothing is uncommunicable, and no scent is uncommunicable. It is a world of love where everything can whisper for 24 hours, for thousands of years. Our cells and all senses can move more than 100%. How much would you want that, how much? Think about how much you would want that. (Laughter and applause)

That’s why God also likes that love; does He like ordinary neighborly love or the love of today’s hippie groups? Is that good? “No.” Therefore, you should all look around. You will go and see, “Oh, no,” and when you look here, you will say, “Oh.” Go see everything. It’s all like that. (He writes) Have you all felt that until now?

True love starts from the lowest point.
So, what are you looking for, then? If God is like that, what are you looking for? “Like God.” “True love.” Are you saying, “Oh, I want to go to Harvard and become a doctor. That’s my wish…”? Is that it? “No.” “I want to become a millionaire through business.” Is that it? “No.” “I want to seize power and become the president once.” Is that it? “No.” Then what is it? “True love.” What is it, you guys? “Building the earthly paradise.” “Like God.” What is it, you guys? “True love.” (Various answers) Yes, yes. True love, that’s right, that’s right. Then, are you all going to find love, you guys? How long have you endured, you guys? Is that love you are searching for “Oh, if I call, it will come; if I think, it will come”? Is it that kind of love, something difficult to find? Is it cheap or expensive? “It’s expensive.” How expensive is it? How expensive is it? “It’s very expensive.” Very, very, very, very, very expensive! (Laughter and applause)

Look. If that love falls all over America, do you think American people can find it? In today’s society, where hippies take drugs and sway in the wind, living in a world of individualism, can they find it? “No.” Where will they find it? “Right here.” What is “right here”? (Laughter) “In the garage.” (Laughter and applause) What kind of true love is there on the cement floor? (Laughter) If you think about it quietly, is there true love in rich houses, in middle-class houses, or in poor houses? Let’s think about it. Where is it? Generally, where is it? “Low class.” Low class? Which one? (Various answers)

Now, when true love starts in this world, will it start from the high or from the very low? “From the low.” That’s right.
That's right. The mind isn't all bad, seeing what you know. Then, is it easier or harder to start as the day gets longer? "It's difficult." How difficult is it? "Very difficult." Is it a hundred percent difficult? That's why, at the very beginning, true love starts from those who are like bears and pigs who know nothing. You need to understand what true love is. How hard it must be to teach that love is like this, how hard? 

That's why true love can only be established in a place where you can love the most pitiful people in the world like the best people in the world. There's no doubt about it. So, what do you want? Do you want true love or some kind of love? "True love." Then, do you want to hold onto that true love from the starting point or after reaching the ridge? "From the starting point." Really? "Yes."

Jesus also said that it is harder for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven than for a camel to go through the eye of a needle. Why is that? What does that mean? Where does such a saying come from? Now, how hard do you think that is? Is it possible or impossible? "It's impossible." There is no such thing. It cannot be. (Laughter) 

Then why is that? A rich person can easily become a poor person. "A rich person can become a poor person?" (Interpreter) That's right. Then why say such a thing if they can go to heaven? No matter how much a rich person becomes a poor person, the heart that cares for oneself and the prideful heart do not leave. However, a poor person does not have that. They can go anywhere. They can go to low places, to the east, anywhere, and can unite with anyone.

Where does God want to find that loved one? Does He want to find them through animals, through monkeys, or through people? "Through people." What kind of person? "True man." What is a true man? Is it Truman, who was a president of the United States? (Laughter) What kind of person is a true man in God's eyes? "Someone like Father..." Is the true man that God sees the same as the true man you see? "Yes." Is it the same? Then what is that standard? What is that definition? "Unchanging, eternal..." (Laughter)

Now, if God is looking for a true man, what kind of being is God Himself? "True God." What is that 'True God'? "Eternal, absolute..." Just saying eternal, absolute, and unique doesn't convey everything. (Laughter) It must be a God who comes seeking with true love that can be called the true God. Do you understand what that means? Now, can you say that a God who cares for Himself has true love, or can you say that a God who has eliminated Himself and cares for the whole has true love? "A God who has eliminated Himself and cares for the whole."

Now, is the God who comes to the fallen humans of today saying, "Oh, how nice! Ha ha..." with love, the true God, or is the God who comes crying, "Wah wah" the true God? Which one is it? "The second one." Why? Why? People, when they are happy, shed tears, and when they are sad, they also shed tears, right? Then when the God who was crying finds the loved one, will He be laughing, or how will it be? Think about it. The one who loves cries while searching and cries after finding them, holding onto them.

Then in what position does God want to meet the loved one? In a place where tears are flowing, snot is flowing, and saliva is flowing. Just tears alone won't do. There must be tears, snot, and saliva. (Laughter) Have you ever cried like that? When you truly cry sadly, tears come out, snot comes out, and saliva comes out. If you haven't cried like that, you don't know sadness. After that, sweat comes out too, sweat. Have you ever cried like that? "No." Aha! Then you can't find true love.

In a state where your insides are hardened, gasping for breath and about to faint, what would happen if you meet the loved one at that moment? You would roll around together. What kind of place would that be? Would you come to your senses, or would you roll around together? (Laughter) If there is a dramatic scene in this universe, wouldn't that be a dramatic scene? Right? "Yes." So, is the love met in this position real, or is the love met a little further away real? (Writing while speaking) This is the center. Yes, this is it (the center), right? "Yes."

To go to a high place, one must stand in a low place in the Unification Church. 

Now, when you think about it, is God a joyful God, as believed in today's established churches, a glorious God, a God who gives blessings? "No." What kind of God are we trying to find in the Unification Church? This one. God, in order to find the loved one, sheds tears and wails, and in that place, there is no room to think of oneself. It is a place where one forgets all their face and prestige.

But even so, who would criticize an authoritative person for crying for true love? They would praise it. In the world, there is no one to criticize it. "Oh, is God like that?" They would say. Because God is doing a love that humans cannot reach, they will end up praising it. You need to understand this. Do you think so? "Yes." If a loving wife, after living happily with her husband, dies, and the husband, without any pride or face, sheds tears and wails, would the American people say, "What kind of state is that president in?" They would all respect him.

So, where do we set our standards? Earlier, you said a high and good place, but what kind of place is that? What is it? "A place where true love exists." It is a place of true love! Today, for fallen humans, in glory, they cannot find that love. If they do not seek it from the opposite position, they cannot find true love. That is theoretical. There are many paths, but if all of these are said to be false paths, what do we center around to say they are false? What do we center around to see that this is wrong? When we center around true love, we see that everything is wrong.

Then where will we find that true love? When we look at God's providential will, what path did Jesus take? Let's find out. He walked the path of the cross. Isn't that right? Did He not walk the path of the cross? He walked the path of the cross. Then, for whom did He die? "He died for humanity." Did He die for His own desires, to become the president of a country, to build a school and become the university president, or to create a faction? Why did He die? Why did He die? He died trying to save others.

Now, look. If a child is in danger, drowning, and the parent who saves that child drowns instead, that parent is called a true parent. That is a true parent. If a friend is about to drown and the other person dies instead to save him, then he is a true friend. Isn't that so? "Yes." We can see that the word true is used in such contexts. If America, as a country, sacrifices itself to save a failing country like Vietnam, what would happen? Then what would happen? "Oh! America is a true country." 

Now, where is the Unification Church? This is the Unification Church. What kind of place is the Unification Church? Nowadays, religious people around the world, pastors, and Christian religious figures are being distrusted and called all sorts of names, but the Unification Church is going the opposite way. Established churches, when they have a little money, give offerings, and when they have a little money, they help the poor, but today, we in the Unification Church want to beg for money and use it all for others. They help others with what is left over, but we want to beg and offer even our bodies. For whom? For the world and for God, we want to engage in this endeavor.

We suffer, we can't sleep, we can't eat, and we give our youth. Isn't that right? We can't complain even if we feel sad. It's not that we can't live like that; it's that we choose not to live like that. Some parents, today’s Americans say, "Unification Church members don’t feed themselves well and take everything." But they are mistaken! The reason you look pale, unable to speak, and wandering the streets is not for yourself. It's not because you can't; you voluntarily engage in this endeavor. It is to save the world. Even if you can't eat or wear well, you can pray for others, shed tears, and wail.

And so, the God who came crying in frustration would say, "Seeing this child, I cannot cry. I must endure and comfort this child before I cry." We should establish such a position of God. If God, who came wailing, can make such a determination just before meeting the child, then I think that child is a great one.

Why? Because that child has walked a path of so much sadness and misery, if God stands in a position that will not allow that child to have a more miserable position, then that place is an amazing place. It is more wonderful than the center we were talking about earlier. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." That is the position where God Himself comes to find, a more advanced position than the ordinary one. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." Since God is sad, and we have been sad, even in the moment of meeting that sad child, God becomes a God who tries to take a position to comfort. That is an amazing place. We aim for such love.

You must whip yourself with tears of repentance every day. 

So, have you thought about such things while doing church activities today? Have you thought that you must forget yourself and, like someone who is crazy, invest all your energy and everything, feeling a sense of inadequacy, and vow to advance, advance, advance? You must go out centered around such a goal. Jesus lived such a life. When you look at the Bible... (The recording cuts off briefly)

When God looks at it, He must first acknowledge, "Wow, the Unification Church is wonderful!" Do you think that is good or bad? "It seems good." Really, do you think it is really good? "Yes." Then do you want to try doing that? "Yes." Really? "Yes!" So, decide that you are going to do that now and train yourself. My activities are my training. If I have done this for ten years and have not reached the standard to do this work, I would say, "You little brat!" and scold myself. Then, centered around that, when I do this today, I look back at what I did, what actions I took, and how my attitude was, and I repent. "God! I was wrong today," and while repenting every day, vow to advance.

If someone says, "You, you little brat! You are that child!" then you would want to stomp in and say, "You brat! What is this?" and feel vengeful, then you repent. "Father, I was wrong again," and you repent. After being treated like that, when you look back every day, you will find that there was not a single good thing in the 24 hours, all 24 hours. Every day is repentance, every day is repentance. One year of repentance, two years of repentance, ten years of repentance, twenty years of repentance. Living a life of repentance like that is the way to receive heavenly blessings. Even if the teacher says, "I have become the leader of the Unification Church. I have become Reverend Moon," he must repent. Do you understand what that means?

Because I am going with tears until God's will is fulfilled, I must find the way to shed whatever tears I can shed and set a goal like this, discovering the self that does not match that, and a person who whips themselves with tears every day will surely meet God. That person is always someone who is developing every day! This is certain. However, a person who thinks they are normal will retreat from there. Which path will you take? You must discover that even if you invest your whole life in repentance, there is no way to atone for historically committed sins.

Now, look. When you set such standards and go out, this path is the path of the cross, but it will gradually develop from here. Do you think so? That is why Jesus also went to find a quiet place to pray. Jesus did not go to the mountain to pray because He had sins, nor did He pray all night and shed tears because of that. He shed tears centered around responsibility for the nation and the world. You must understand that fact. Do you understand? That is undoubtedly a life of development.

The American society trapped in hell 

Now, today's title is "The Crossroads of Life and Death." So, where is the crossroads of life and death? Setting aside many paths, let’s say there is a crossroad. A crossroad. Here, there is a path that goes for oneself. (Writing while speaking) Then there is a path that goes for one's home. Next, there is a path that goes for one's country. These are the paths that today's humans, the American people, are taking. There are three types of people: those who live for themselves, those who live for their homes, and those who live for their countries. Now, when you look at the American people, how many percent belong to this? Is it a lot? "For themselves..." That is the primary stage, the primary stage. This will probably be over 90 percent. Then what about the home? Who is responsible for the home? Who is responsible for the country?

Do these people have heaven? (Pointing to what he wrote) This is all the world, this world. When you hear these words, is it hell or heaven? "Hell." Is America hell? That is the truth, America. America, what is this? Today, it is a jungle of 20th-century civilization. In the jungle, there are mafias, gangsters, and all sorts of games happening in broad daylight. Do you realize you are living there? All these minds are soaked in that, their emotions are connected to that, and they are all accustomed to it. Are you accustomed to that?

Now, do you want to live in America, or do you want to live in Africa? "Africa." (Laughter) What about Africa? If you go to Africa, you must understand that there are many people who live for their homes, for their countries, and for the world, who are better than you. Looking at that, is the American better or worse? "Worse." But the American says they want to live in Africa...
Why are you laughing? That’s strange. There must be something wrong. 
It means that not knowing one’s mistakes has become common sense, that’s what it means when you laugh ‘ha ha.’
So, in this world with such a mindset, this country of culture is setting sun, and this is coming in the middle of the rice cake and is doing all that play. (Pointing to what was written) So all religions are broken, 
houses are broken, nations are broken, everything is broken. The Christianity that was established in America has all been shattered. The God that America was proud of has been shattered. The nation that America established has all been broken. The families that America established have all been shattered. If we don’t think about the nation, America will perish. At this rate, America will perish. You all will perish too, all of you. If we go on like this, we will ruin the world. Not only that, we will ruin God too. We will ruin God too. That cannot happen, so Reverend Moon comes and puts on the brakes, the brakes.
To survive at the crossroads of life and death
So we must eliminate everything here and reconnect anew. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” We need to create a movement here that will reverse the direction we are going. We must turn back and cancel all of this and organize it with a new movement, otherwise there is no way for this world to survive. Do you understand? The tide is coming out like this, but we have to push it back. So when we put on the brakes, it catches fire, right? It catches fire. The nation is swaying… The steering wheel is held by Reverend Moon. (Cheers. Applause)
Going this way until now is the path to death, and going this way is the path to life. This is the crossroads of life and death. It is not easy to come back to life from the place of death. There is a saying that to survive, one must use all their strength to die. Everyone, do you go through a lot of suffering to die, suffering to die? “Oh, I’m going to die!” gritting your teeth. The young guys in America, with free sex and all, acting freely like playboys wherever they go, they must be dying trying to hold it in, right? (Laughter) Are you dying or living? (Laughter) The men are laughing. When that big, lazy guy gets angry, he says, “You bastard! Why are you doing this!” Are you dying or living? You have to bite your tongue and go “Mmm—” That’s what you have to do. 
We are different, you see. “Oh, everyone else is getting married and living, but do I have to wait until I’m 30? Oh, I’m going to die, my life!” That’s what you might think. “In America, it’s normal to hold hands and kiss even if you don’t love each other, but in the Unification Church, they don’t even let you hold the hand of your beloved wife or husband, what is this? This is killing me.” That’s what they say. (Laughter) So it’s a matter of life and death, a matter of life and death. But it may seem like you’re dying, but you are living. (Cheers. Applause)
Look. The teacher is not a foolish person but a wise person, a clever person. He is someone who knows the ways of the world well. You should be like that too so that when you become responsible in the future, all the beautiful women of the world will come to you like foxes and you can live well. If you have struggled to meet someone you like, the more you have struggled, the better it is. The more hardships you go through to meet them, the better it is. The more stories you have, the better it is.
When you get married, if your parents oppose it, if relatives oppose it, if American society opposes it, if the nation opposes it, if the white world opposes it, that’s all part of it. When you say, “I will marry an Oriental person!” that’s really cool. That’s all part of it. Families oppose it, American society opposes it, the white world opposes it. Now, if you overcome what the world opposes, you will overcome the world, if you overcome what the nation opposes, you will overcome the nation, and if you overcome what the family opposes, you will overcome the family.
So how amazing is that?
Let’s walk the path that leads to heaven with a definite direction
Therefore, you will give birth to children more excellent than those born of white people in your country, and children more excellent than those born of whites! Believe it. Now, you need to know this. The pure, true parents among American whites, who have true love, give birth to children, but in the place where the East and West unite, transcending the world and borders, loving the unique ethnicity more than one’s own people, and loving in the love of heaven, they give birth to children that are greater than that. You should have this kind of thought. “Jesus only loved among the Jewish people, but I am going out centered on God’s love, connecting the East and West, so I will give birth to children better than Jesus!” Think like that. Are you confident? “Yes.” But can you have other thoughts? “No.” “That woman is an Oriental, so she doesn’t fit into this American society… Oh, I wish I had a Western woman.” Is that true love? “No.”
And yet we can’t do it all. We can’t do that, and we have no nation. How can we love the house and the nation all at once? Can you do that alone? How can you do all that alone? It’s difficult. It’s complicated, so let’s do just one thing, just one thing. Love God more than yourself, love God more than your house, love God more than your nation.
This is the family. (Pointing while speaking) When viewed centered on the family, the top of this comes out, and then the top of the nation comes out. That top is all God. Love God more than the nation, love God more than the house, love God more than your wife, love God more than the president, love God more than anyone.
Therefore, even if I could not be filial to my parents, I will do more for God than I could not do in front of my parents, and if I could not do all my devotion to my family, I will do more for God than that, and if I could not be loyal to the nation, I will do more for God than that. Do you understand? If you center on God, you can always have a definite direction, but when you think of yourself as the center, your direction is arbitrary. It can go this way or that way; there are all kinds of directions. When you look at it centered on God, you can have all kinds of directions. If you center on God, all of this can stand in a straight line, but if you think of yourself as the center without God, you will have all kinds of directions at your whim. The family will also be upside down, and everything will be upside down.
When will you correct that? Even if you try your whole life, you cannot correct it, even if you try your whole life. Also, when viewed centered on the family, the family is also arbitrary, arbitrary. How do you do that? You cannot correct it even if you spend your whole life. Also, centered on this nation, it is arbitrary. Carterism is different, Nixonism is different, they are all different. That world leads to the death of families. The nation also leads to death. Everything leads to death. However, this is where individuals lead to life, families lead to life, everything leads to life. How convenient and how simple is that?
So, do you want to be a wise person or a foolish person? “A wise person.” Right, what kind of person is a wise person? Is it this? (Pointing to what was written) “It’s the right side.” Is that definitely so? “Yes.” So even if your neck gets cut off and you are in all kinds of positions, do you say, “I have definitely found my direction!” this morning? “Yes.” And how will you go? You will go like God. You will go like God to save the world. Life will always accompany that.
Then will you go with pride or with repentance? “With repentance.” You will go repenting every day. There is no time to complain. You will go without a moment’s rest. There is no room for fatigue. There is no room for exhaustion, exhaustion. That path is the path that connects to life.
So, on the day you decide only this at this crossroads, you can go straight. 
Everything… How many paths are there now? In this chaotic crossroads era with many paths, I will definitely resolve to go on a path that has a definite direction to run eternally and reach the land of happiness, the heavenly realm of the other side. Raise your hand if you are determined to go. Thank you. *
8)
The Birth of Jesus and the Completion of God’s Will
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! (Applause) Please sit down.
Today, we know that the whole world is celebrating the day of Jesus' birth. Originally, it is December 25th, but we have moved it forward to December 24th to celebrate today. Originally, our Unification Church decided to celebrate Christmas on January 3rd, but we have moved it forward to today to have this celebration. The title of the message I want to give you today is ‘The Birth of Jesus and the Completion of God’s Will.’ I will speak briefly on this title.
The completion of God’s will is centered on love and achieving the ideal of the son-in-law
We know that Jesus came to this earth not by his own will. He was born on this earth according to God’s will. And when Jesus was born, he did not come alone to fulfill God’s will. Ultimately, Jesus was born on the foundation that was prepared for 4,000 years, a nation that was organized to be able to unite with Jesus’ will at the same time as his birth. The nation of Israel was born to represent God’s will, and we must recognize that it has the absolute responsibility to inherit and complete the will of Jesus. Therefore, you should know that if God, the Messiah Jesus, and the nation of Israel do not unite centered on the will, all of God’s providential will cannot be completed.
Now, was Jesus originally a necessary being for us on this earth? We understand through the Principle that Jesus came to re-present God’s will because humanity fell. If humanity had not fallen, God’s will would have been completed, but ultimately, it was not completed due to the fall. God’s will had to be fulfilled through God, Adam and Eve, and all of Adam’s historical descendants, but because the foundation that had to be fulfilled through them was completely broken, Jesus had to come to re-present it, and the nation of Israel had to be re-organized.
The will of God is fulfilled by completing the ideal of creation. So what is God’s ideal of creation? Of course, creating all things is part of God’s ideal of creation, but it was to fulfill the ideal of creation centered on Adam and Eve. The completion of God’s ideal of creation, the completion of the will, is achieved by centering on God and God’s love, completing the ideal of the son-in-law, thus fulfilling both the ideal of creation and the will. You must understand this. In other words, the completion of God’s will always implies the foundation of love centered on God’s love and the love of the ideal son-in-law.
Therefore, there can be no completion of God’s will or realization of God’s ideal where God’s love departs. Originally, if humanity had not fallen, the love relationship between God and individual Adam would have been completed. Then, God and Eve would unite centered on love. Adam and Eve would unite centered on God’s love. And then all people would unite centered on God’s love with the united Adam and Eve.
Therefore, what is the center of everything? It is love. The unity of God and Adam and Eve is through love. The completion of the will is through love, and the realization of the ideal is completed through love; we must have this concept. Centered on that love, God and Adam and Eve become one, and then centered on that love, they become one with their children.
In our Unification Church, we call this relationship the completion of the three-object purpose centered on love. When viewed centered on Adam, it becomes God, Eve, and children; when viewed centered on the son, it becomes God, father, and mother; and when viewed centered on Eve, it becomes God, Adam, and children. This is what the three-object purpose means. You must establish the concept that I am representing within the realm of love centered on these three things, otherwise, you cannot maintain the realm of God’s love. This is the principled, original formula of the ideal of creation that must be united centered on God’s love.
Human beings have become self-centered beings due to the fall
Now, when we apply this principle to humanity in today’s world, everyone is in the position of parents and children centered on God. So what kind of world are we living in today? We are in the position of children centered on parents who are unrelated to God’s love. Because of the fall, the center of this world is not God but Satan. The grievance of becoming a child of Satan! You were not born with a blood relationship with God, but as children of Satan, you were born with a blood relationship with Satan. This enormous error is what the fall is, and it is a scary and fearful fact that we have not realized. What we are living in now is not centered on God’s love, but we are dealing with everything centered on self-centered love.
So what happened as a result of the fall? It is that I must love God, my mother, and my father centered on myself. It is to love centered on oneself.
Then, what is the original world that has not fallen like that? It is that I exist for the love centered on God, and I exist for the love centered on parents. You must understand this clearly. Until now, you have always thought you are in a subjective position, but you must understand that you should be in a relative position centered on God’s ideal, but due to the fall, you do not know that and everyone thinks they are the subject. Today’s fallen world is a world where this principle is completely inverted, leading to individuals, families, tribes, nations, and the world being divided.
To correct this, God established religions, centered on Jacob, and created the foundation of victory over Satan to establish the chosen people’s rights. Then what is the nation of Israel, this chosen nation? It is a nation that has fought and won against Satan. You must understand that this victorious nation is fundamentally different from the realm of Satan.
The establishment of the horizontal Israelite rights to inherit the birthright
When you consider the issue of Cain and Abel or such issues… Originally, to receive God’s blessing, one must be the firstborn. The second-born is not entitled to inherit God’s will. The fall...
Due to the fall, what happened is that the firstborn position of the heir was taken by the son of Satan. Therefore, God had no way to inherit His will without swapping the firstborn with the secondborn, as was the case with Jacob and Esau, which led to a contradictory event that could not be found in history.

So, he had to buy the birthright from his brother, giving him bread and lentil stew, and take everything away. He deceived his father by putting on goat skins and received the blessing, but until now, no one knew why this was part of God's providence.

Why did it have to be this way? To receive God's inheritance, one must go out to the position of the firstborn; this is the original principle of creation. The principle of creation is like that. Therefore, even in taking it away, it cannot be done just as it is. The brother sold it to the younger brother. The younger brother is reclaiming what was sold. Jacob is not the bad one; Esau is the bad one. How could he sell the birthright! That is why it is said, "the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, the God of Jacob." Jacob greatly desired and valued the inheritance that was passed down through the generations.

What that means is that he had to go out to the position of the firstborn. After enduring twenty years of hardship, he met Esau, who wanted to kill Jacob. However, because Esau welcomed Jacob instead of killing him, a horizontal Israelite authority was established on this earth to inherit the birthright.

The church and the nation had to unite with Jesus to acquire the birthright. Then, what happened to this fallen world? A world that fell as the firstborn was born, and the secondborn Jacob from the heavenly side appeared to take away the birthright, just like another firstborn was born on this earth. When viewed from the perspective of the world, Israel was born in the position of another firstborn centered on God's will. There are two firstborns. This is true on a national level. Therefore, this Jewish nation, the chosen people, is always in confrontation with the world centered on Satan, particularly the Roman world. They fight from the position of the firstborn. So, what is the chosen people’s right? It is to take away the birthright of Esau from individuals, families, and everything. Thus, they cannot help but be enemies.

Religion is on the side of helping the Israelite authority, which is why it can never be an enemy of the nations and kings of the world. Because they take away their blessings.

Then, why did Jesus Christ come as the Messiah within this Israelite authority? It is because Israel must become one centered on Jesus. Now, what is Jesus to Israel? Jesus must stand in the position of the priest of Israel and the king of the nation. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Therefore, the church and the nation must completely unite centered on Jesus to acquire the birthright of the Satanic world. They must absorb the Roman Empire centered on this birthright. If Rome had entered the position of the secondborn and Israel had risen to the position of the firstborn and united, if Rome had obeyed, God's will would have been accomplished globally.

If that had happened, both the firstborn and the secondborn could have stood on God's side. If that had happened, the foundation for Satan's world would have been eliminated as it would have stood united centered on the firstborn of the heavenly realm and the secondborn of the heavenly realm according to the principles. If God, Jesus, and the nation of Israel had completely united, they would have had the foundation to subdue the Roman Empire, but they could not unite.

If Jesus had come to this earth and achieved such a purpose without dying, establishing the birthright to govern the world before God, the issue of the Second Coming would not have been necessary, and the Israelite nation would not have walked such a miserable history. Until today, they would not have had to pay the price of countless historical sacrifices over the past 2,000 years to fulfill God's will at that time.

Despite sending Jesus centered on God's will and ideals, Jesus could not act according to God's ideals and will after coming to this earth. Not only could he not do so, but the Israelite nation, which was supposed to unite with Jesus, ended up killing him, which led to such a twist of fate. Therefore, after Jesus died, God's will remained as it was, the will of salvation remained as it was, and the Israelite nation went on as a nation.

The nation of Israel was supposed to unify this according to the will, but because they could not unify and instead caused destruction, Christianity centered on Jesus Christ inherited the Israelite authority, but only spiritually, not physically, and has paid a great price since then. In the midst of this, God, Jesus, and Christianity must completely unite.

Now, after Jesus died, even if God, Jesus, and Christianity became one, what would be different from when Jesus was alive and they were one? You need to understand this. If God, Jesus, and the Israelite nation had united when Jesus was alive, the Second Coming would not have been necessary. Everything would have been accomplished through that. At that time, Jesus could have come to this earth and done what he intended to do. If he had done that, there would not have been sacrifices of Christianity over the past 2,000 years, nor would the restoration providence have been prolonged.

Then, what work must Jesus do upon his return? Today's Christianity does not have a nation like the nation of Israel. It is spiritual. It is like floating clouds. There is no foundation on the ground. When Jesus came 2,000 years ago, the Israelite nation had a nation. Therefore, they could unite both spiritually and physically. However, today's Christianity has lost its physical foundation and only has a spiritual standard. Therefore, from the perspective of the original historical purpose for which Jesus came, in order to reorganize the national standard centered on God and the spirit and flesh, Jesus must return.

Then, does today’s Christianity believe that he will come riding on clouds and spiritually, like a mirage? "No." Therefore, Christianity must implement a method of re-presenting historically centered on specific individuals, families, tribes, nations, and the world, just like Israel. Here, God has worked within the Christian realm to absorb such providence and has emerged, but the struggle to absorb the external Satanic Cain's birthright on the foundation of the Christian birthright still remains.

However, in the coming age of the Second Coming, the whole world must unite, and all of Christianity must unite. Looking at this, we are no longer in an age of individualism or nationalism. We have a global perspective. Therefore, it is essential to form a transnational foundation that represents all nations and all humanity. When we think of this, all religions must create a messianic realm, a birthright that can overcome the Satanic world; otherwise, God's will will not be fulfilled. All religions must unite. If all of Christianity does not unite, this will not be accomplished.

Now, how is the world today? It is divided into the democratic world and the communist world. The democratic world is the world of idealism, and the communist world is the world of materialism. These two are pulling against each other. Right? The United States, centered on Christianity, must unite with the entire free world to form a birthright and absorb the communist realm, placing it in the position of the secondborn.

However, looking at the world now, who holds the hegemony of the birthright? The communist realm holds it. The democratic world is following behind. Why has it come to this? Because Christianity has not fulfilled its responsibility. This has all been trampled and broken, so God had no choice but to establish our Unification Church. (Applause)

Christianity stands in the Jacob-like Israelite realm, and they must not fight among themselves. They must unite. Just as the twelve tribes became one, each denomination must unite. That is why the term "unification" was born. Do you understand? That is why the Unification Church is necessary.

So, what are we trying to achieve through this unification? We are trying to form a birthright that is superior to the birthright of Satan. So, what does that mean? If we do not have the birthright, we cannot receive God's inheritance. Therefore, through such a paradoxical method... If I am the firstborn, I can move my younger brother as I please. However, due to the fall, it has become a mess. The firstborn has become aligned with Satan, and the secondborn has become aligned with heaven, so how much sacrifice has been paid? Thus, God's providence, the restoration providence, will always be prolonged unless this principle is established.

Do you understand what I mean? To become the firstborn and inherit this, what must be done? What qualifications are needed? One must be better than Satan, better than Satan. In every field, one must stand in the position of taking responsibility according to the principles and representing heaven. (The recording momentarily cuts out)

Those who love God more will receive the reward. It is because of this that the restoration providence can be carried out. God says, "Satan, you became Satan because you could not love me, but this person has become aligned with heaven because they love me more than you, your sons and daughters, and anyone in the world." This is how it works. It is centered on love that one can inherit. Therefore, one can take away the birthright of the firstborn. Do you understand the principle of becoming the firstborn? With what? With strength? "With love."

Then, the sons and daughters of the Satanic world must be more filial to their parents than the sons and daughters of heaven, and the people of the Satanic world must love their families, nations, and humanity more than the people of heaven. They must lead in every aspect.

This is not coercive; it must be done voluntarily. Satan, on the other hand, is all about trying to love themselves, while here, we are trying to sacrifice ourselves for the whole. It is the opposite. It is completely the opposite. We are trying to love the whole. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

So, what does the Unification Church aim to do? This is what we are trying to achieve. Judaism could not fulfill that mission, and Christianity could not fulfill that mission, which is why God left. Therefore, by fulfilling that mission, our Unification Church aims to hold onto God, who is leaving, and to leave the birthright of the firstborn on this earth. (Applause) In this regard, what about us, the members of the Unification Church? Can we do this without leaving our families? We must sacrifice for the world, leaving our families, tribes, and nations behind. We must sacrifice for the world and lay the foundation for the world, which includes the nation, family, society, and everything. Therefore, we must sacrifice for the world. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Should it be that way or not? "It should be that way." So, we must be ahead of the spiritual Satan and ahead of the fervent elements of the Satanic world. We must not lose to Satan. "No."

We know that we are fighting to acquire the birthright and inherit God's inheritance, and that is why we are going. Until now, the sovereign of the Satanic world has been in the position of the firstborn with all the royal authority, just as Cain killed Abel. The Abel realm, which is the Christian realm and the religious realm, has been completely occupied by the Satanic world exercising the birthright. Therefore, just as the Jewish authority opposed Jesus when he came, today, even though the Unification Church has emerged for Christianity, they are opposing it again and again. The free world, Christianity, and Judaism are all united in trying to attack the Unification Church and Reverend Moon, aren't they? Are they doing that or not? "They are doing that." But, "You fight with strength, but we fight with silence and love." That is the point.

I am not an American; I am a Korean, but when I came to America, I loved America more than the American people, and I loved the world and God's will more than anyone else. That is the principle.

Everyone who follows me must love America, the free world, and God's will more than any young American or anyone in the free world, and they must be ahead of the people of the Satanic world.

If that happens, what will happen? The members of the Unification Church, who are our sons and daughters, loved America more than anyone in the Satanic world, and they loved the free world and God's will more than the sovereign of the Satanic world. They loved more than Judaism, Christianity, and any other religion. Why? For what purpose? Because God must grant the birthright to those who engage in a global movement centered on such love. Do you understand? "Yes."

So, what did you come here for this morning? To sell newspapers, to do some fundraising...? We do a hundred things. How many do we do? With one hand, we sell newspapers, and with the other hand, we eat hot dogs while doing this. (Laughter) Is that good or not? "It's good." Why? Why? Why? Because we can establish a condition that we loved our country, the world, and humanity more than anyone else. (Applause) What do we inherit? "God's authority." God's authority... So, is it worth doing? "Yes." The whole world must follow God and follow us.

Look. Your parents may gather and say, "Why do you follow Reverend Moon instead of loving your mother and father and our family?" But we can say, "Reverend Moon loves God, loves the world, and loves America, but do our parents want kindergarten love? So, we are pursuing the love of a Ph.D. in the heavenly kingdom." We can say that. (Applause) But do you think that people who know this theoretically can be brainwashed? "No."

What Reverend Moon says is not imaginary. It is not different from this world. Everything he says is true. Moreover, American youth have been educated in individualistic ways and are immersed in practical philosophies, but the fact that they have been turned around to sacrifice for the whole is a miracle that has never been seen in history. It has changed 180 degrees. Individualism, living centered on oneself, connects with Satan. It connects with destruction. Therefore, the Christianity that is being dragged along and the America that is being dragged along are bound to perish. They are bound to perish.

So, all humanity must unite in this great age of God's providence and blessing, transcending races and borders within the birthright.
We must recognize that we have entered an era of privilege. We need to transcend nations and the world, and go beyond races and countries. No matter how much the white people opposed it, when the black people occupy this place, they must be under the rule of the black people. Do you understand what I mean? 

While hitting the side of Satan, we lose, and while being hit on the side of heaven, we gain. Reverend Moon has survived until today, enduring personal persecution and national persecution throughout his nearly 60 years of life. Do you think it was just Reverend Moon's strength that allowed him to survive? Who made that possible? "God." 

Why? Because Reverend Moon was needed to create the authority to love the world. Throughout history, there has been no religious leader like Reverend Moon who has caused such issues. You need to understand that. That's for sure, right? He has paved the way for the world. In the world, there are black people, white people, yellow people, and everyone else who will do anything if I command them. So, when the teacher asks you to do something, how many of you are willing to do it? "Yes." Raise your hand if you would do anything. Thank you very much. (Laughter) But if Reverend Moon were a villain, that would be a big problem. It’s because he emphasized love centered on God's will that we are here today. If I were to kill people like the communists do, what would happen? Think about it. 

So, what are we doing with this game? What does Reverend Moon want after suffering all his life? Does he want to eat ten meals a day, or what? (Laughter) Is he indulging in drinking and debauchery like the people of the world? In the world of Satan, Reverend Moon has always gone with interest wherever he goes. When he goes to that country, it’s chaotic. The world of Satan collapses the more it fights, and we rise the more we fight. Yesterday's deprogramming incident, the Barbara incident, is an example of that. Is someone here? Oh! There you are. Good. (Cheers and applause)

That’s why Satan loses while hitting, and heaven gains while being hit. You need to understand this. (Applause) Look. In World War I, the first country to attack was defeated, and in World War II, the same happened. And now, the Soviet Union is attacking. 

Do you know who communism is attacking the most? It’s not America. It’s Reverend Moon. (Cheers and applause) They have allied with the communists, and all the churches, whatever they may be, including the U.S. State Department, are all in the same faction. Judaism and Christianity, all of them… However, we will survive. The Unification Church will not disappear; it will survive. Who will disappear? Will the Unification Church disappear, or will they? One of the two will win. So, who will survive? It is those who side with God who will survive. You need to understand that it is not America that survives, nor Christianity, nor Judaism, but those who side with God. (Applause) So, will each of you survive? 

Why must it be that way? Because it is God's will to inherit the rights of the eldest son of God's love and to create one world, because that is the original ideal of God. That will of God is unchanging, and unless it is fulfilled, God cannot be God, so it is inevitable that this purpose must be accomplished. Does that sound right? "Yes." Because you know the principle, you will surely understand. 

This starts from the individual, then to the family, tribe, nation, and world… You must sacrifice yourself. You must think that you will become a sacrifice for the whole. When viewed from the center of myself, the heart is Abel-like, and the body is Cain-like. The heart, the true mind, always grows by sacrificing. However, the body does not always do what the heart wants. 

Look. The teacher has a fiery personality, but he is enduring today because he knows this. So, a new era has begun that is different from before 1976, and now we are in a time of trial, and the trial events are happening. Attacks are occurring. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." It’s not just a passive position of being hit on the side of heaven; we are entering an offensive position. But that doesn’t mean I am telling you to fight. If you can’t do that, then the country will perish, and the world will perish. 

In God's love, there is nothing that cannot be harmonized. 

So, let’s return. Today is the day to celebrate the birth of Jesus, so let’s return to that story. You will generally understand. Therefore, we must understand that God and Adam and Eve, along with their sons and daughters, could not become one, and that a Messiah must be sent to complete the rights of the eldest son and to form the rights of the bride. Did Jesus receive the bride or not? "He did not." Is the bride a man or a woman? "A woman." The established churches today say, "The church is the bride," but that is a complete lie. The bride is one, one. 

Because of the fall, the true parents have disappeared. The true parents who achieved the perfect rights of the bride centered on God's love have disappeared. There is no true parent recognized within the realm of God's love, and false parents have arisen within the realm of Satan's love, false parents. Therefore, if God were to appear again… Should the true parents appear, should the woman appear first, or should the man appear first? "The man." How was the woman originally created? She was made by taking a rib from the man and forming her shape from it. So, who is bigger, the woman or the man? "The man." You must understand that the man is like the bone and the woman is like the flesh. The man must be strong, and the woman… Let’s ask the women. Who should be strong, the man or the woman? "The man." That’s why they must become one. 

However, nowadays, with homosexuality and all, men are marrying men, and women are marrying women. Look. If these lips become like this with teeth, what will happen? Look. If the tongue is made of metal, what will happen? (Laughter) But look, how well they are harmonized. The strong and the weak are in harmony. Have you thought about your own tongue? Imagine a tongue pierced like a barbed wire. Would it survive? (Laughter) If you think about it, if someone in the world were to get neurosis, the tongue would be the first to get it. However, the tongue does not die until it grows old and dies. 

Now, when you see that everything is harmonized, wouldn’t men and women also be harmonized in God's love, even more than that? Think about it. In God's love, there is nothing that cannot be done. If men and women are completely harmonized, then the whole world… What are human beings? Men and women. If Buddhas are completely harmonized in God's love, wouldn’t black people and white people and neighbors be able to become one? When a man looks at a woman, he thinks, "The woman is an extension of my mother, an extension of my wife." And when a woman looks at a man, she thinks, "The man is an extension of my father, an extension of my husband, an extension of my son." Therefore, one must completely love one’s wife to fulfill the condition of loving one’s mother and all the women of this world. 

He has a husband, she has a wife, and they have sons and daughters, so when they realize that love is precious in God's love, they will love just as I love myself. God's love is there. You need to have this concept; you cannot help but love. It is possible to become one centered on God's love. 

You must fulfill the condition of having loved more than Satan. 

Now, when we look at Jesus from the standard of the true parents, Jesus came as a father, so he must find a mother. So, what is he trying to do? He must become the true parents centered on God's ideals and will. Without the true parents, true children cannot emerge. If Adam had not died and had completed, they would have become family true parents, tribal true parents, national true parents, and world true parents. They would become true parents at every level. Do you understand? "Yes." 

So, because it could not be that way, and the world was lost, to regain that, it was necessary to create such a thing centered on Judaism and to save Rome with the authority of national true parents. If that had happened, we could have become world true parents and restored the original, unfallen ideal realm. If that were to happen on earth and we were to go to the spirit world, the true parents would govern the world of humanity eternally, both in the spirit world and the physical world. 

Then God could enter the position of Adam and Eve and work as the mother and father. Now, God has no form. You must understand that God created the heavens and the earth to take on a form, to have substance with humans, and to love. God created humans to love. The purpose of God creating humans is threefold: first, to establish love; second, to take on a body; and third, to become the father of humanity. 

However, until now, God has not been able to establish such a relationship with humans. That is why he tried to establish that relationship centered on Jesus and Jesus' bride. 

So, who killed the true parents who are in the position of the original Adam? Just as Satan killed the true parents in the Garden of Eden, Satan also killed Jesus, the true parents. Therefore, we cannot avoid being under the dominion of Satan. Is there such a principle? Because we have created a democratic world today, even if the Lord comes in substance in the future, he cannot be killed. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Our Unification Church understands this mission well and is developing through the individual age, family age, tribal age, national age, and world age. Do you understand? So, we want to make the five races into one brotherhood. Just as Adam and Eve must create the rights of the bride centered on God, you must also become true parents… Today, you are the same. You must love God and love humanity. 

You must fulfill the condition of having loved more than Satan. Do you understand what I mean? 

So, God has shortened this globally; God has been guiding until now and has reduced the world to the Unification Church today. This place is like the world. (While writing on the board) Here, the individual, family, tribe, nation, and world are all included. This is what we call home church in the Unification Church. The teacher loves you more than anyone else, loves God more than anyone else, and gives more than anyone else. He loves more than anyone living on this earth in the past, present, and future. Why? Because he loves more than Satan to inherit the rights of the eldest son. 

Have pride in the altar that will resolve the grievances of history. 

The title of today’s message is "The Birth of the Messiah and the Completion of God's Will," and the completion of God's will, the completion of the Messiah's will, can only be achieved when the whole can represent God, the Messiah, the people, the nation, and the world in unity. Therefore, you must become a tribal Messiah with the thought of the Messiah. Through this, we must understand the amazing fact that everything that Jesus failed to accomplish and everything that God failed to accomplish can be completed through this altar, even though I am in the fallen realm today. 

To find this, God has sacrificed, Jesus has sacrificed, the Israelite people have sacrificed, Christianity has sacrificed, and the whole world has sacrificed. These sacrifices have appeared as resurrected bodies. You must realize that God is appealing to you to instill the love of the rights of the eldest son. 

Now, when you appear here, there will be backlash, backlash. This way, the same attacks will come, and they will try to take it away. They are trying to take it away now. Everyone dislikes it, everyone. In such times, think that the glory of participating in the place of sorrow where God walked in the past, participating in the cross of Jesus, and participating in the path of suffering that the teacher endured has come to me. The teacher has been doing this all his life, but how long will you do it? It won’t even take years. You can do it within a year. If it were me, I could do it all within a year. 

To do that, when your sons and daughters are about to die in the historical process, you must be as busy as rushing to the hospital, and when your husband is about to die, you must have the heart that is busy. Do you understand what I mean? Only then can you love more than anyone in the world of Satan. When that happens, undoubtedly, you will all become Messiahs. Wherever you go, they will want to follow you. "Oh, I want to go to that person’s neighborhood, and I want to follow them and live anywhere!" They will say. The fact that Adam caused sorrow, the fact that Jesus was sent but died, the fact that sacrifices were made in the era of the Second Coming, you must understand that I have established an altar that can resolve all these grievances. Do you understand? Through that, you must know the amazing fact that you can win over all the failures of history and bring Jesus forth as a tribal Messiah. 

Have you ever loved someone? Have you really loved? You must love more than your beloved wife or your beloved partner. That is why Jesus said, "You cannot go to heaven unless you love me more than your mother, daughter, son, mother-in-law, or anyone else on this earth." You must stand in a place of greater love to go to heaven. Do you understand clearly now? 

Become a tribal Messiah centered on home church. 

So, will you go because the teacher commands you, or will you go of your own accord? When you grow up and want to get a wife, do your parents say, "You need to get married, you need to find a wife," and you go because your heart wants to? Which is it? "By my own will." When the man becomes that way, and the woman becomes that way, it is natural for them to seek each other. Marriage cannot be forced. It must happen automatically. It must happen physiologically. Home church is a place where God's will has not been fulfilled, or has it been fulfilled? "It has been fulfilled." Then, is it a place connected to the will of Jesus, or not? "It is connected." It is a realm connected to the rights of the eldest son of Israel, the same rights that opposed during the time of Jesus. Is it connected or not? "It is connected." 

Now, everyone, satellites are launched from Cape Kennedy, right? They go to the stars and Mars...
go anywhere, and it all depends on the propulsion that launches it. By your own strength, by your own capabilities, you can go to your nation, to the world, and even to the spirit world and heaven. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

When you become tribal messiahs united with God centered on home church, the whole becomes one. You blessed families become true parents centered on 360 households. 

This is something that the fallen Adam could not achieve due to the Fall, and it was a failure during the time of Jesus, but because you are doing it today, this must be indemnified and restored. This is the providence of salvation today and the indemnity of the offering today. Do you understand? "Yes." You must suffer more than those who have suffered there, and in love, you must become the best. There are all five races mixed in there. White people should not say, "I will only visit white families and not black families," but rather the opposite. That is how America will survive and how the world will survive. 

Because Jesus came to this earth and returned the birthright centered on kingship as a failure, God's will is to restore this on a global standard at the end. Now, even without Reverend Moon, this authority will naturally be established as this foundation is laid centered on home church. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You must love this home church movement more than the teacher. 

Once this year passes, once we pass this third 7-year course, American public opinion... what the teacher has said will all come true. Look. Since 1976... now it's 1978, just wait for three more years until 79, 80, and 81. This is the providential period in which you can participate and be loyal to heaven in your own realm. You can do it within this 7-year period. Now that there are three years left, you must act quickly. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You must understand that this is a glorious period in which you can participate. The third 7-year course is not something the parents will go through; it is a time when we can inherit it. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." From now on, the fulfillment of all intentions will take place here. 

If the world welcomes the Unification Church... 

Today, people around the world are celebrating Christmas and the day of Jesus' birth, but they know nothing of this content. They think of Jesus as someone who came to die on the cross. If God or Jesus were to look down on this world from heaven today, how astonishing it would be! Now they know. Do you want to inherit the birthright? "Yes." Why? 

You all must go out and fight. If there is opposition, you must kick it away. God sent Jesus to this earth to fight with all His life. You must face opposition. You must face the opposition of the nation, the world, and the spirit world. The satanic world may rebel against opposition, but we endure and persevere. Why? Because the satanic world tries to retaliate twice when struck once, so it is different. Isn't that right? That is different. What is that? It is the heavenly gold medal. 

If the teacher did not know these facts... the teacher is a tough person, a very tough person. Yet, he continues to endure. Now, think about it. White people regard yellow people, like Koreans or Asians, as inferior, but Reverend Moon stands alone on this earth, facing opposition from a free world with a population of 240 million. "I, Reverend Moon, have come to save the young people!" That is what he is saying. They called for a doctor because they are sick, and they called for a fire truck because there is a fire. 

How astonishing that must be! "Oh, that Reverend Moon, oh." What would the state of white people be? "The young people are dying, so leave them to me. I will save them all." (Applause) What does that mean? It means he is higher than anyone else representing heaven. He did it without sleeping, without eating, without resting. You all know that. Now, do you understand what you should do? "Yes." 

You are more blessed than Jesus, more blessed than God, and more blessed than the teacher. Why? Because the teacher worked his whole life, but you can do it all within six months. When the day comes that people do not oppose and say, "The Unification Church is all good," it will take less than half a year. When they do not oppose and say they like the Unification Church... 

Look. The media lied, the government did bad things, they tried to capture innocent people, and all of that will be revealed. At that time, they will apologize. Do you think they will be grateful for the fact that you did not run away from that place of opposition and fought here? They will be willing to invest their property, all their loved ones, and eventually even their lives. Until now, home church... (The recording cuts off for a moment) 

The resolution of God's and Jesus' indemnity is dependent on you today. 

When we think about the fact that the indemnity of Jesus and the indemnity of God are being realized on this practical stage today, we can understand how happy God is, how happy Jesus is, and how happy you must be to hear such words from the teacher while celebrating Christmas. 

Therefore, do not sympathize with the teacher of the Unification Church, and do not sympathize with anyone. You must ask them to hit you, to insult you, and to expel you. That is more glorious. They will give you a medal on your back. They will not give it to you in front. When Satan sees that from behind, he will run away. 

So, what do you want? Do you want to do it by your own will? "Uh— I will do it according to the teacher's words, but what about Bohee Park? Why does an Oriental person appear and make such a fuss! I prefer to be alone." What side are you on? "The first." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Is it better for you to be pushed from behind and beaten, or is it better to be left alone? "It’s better to be pushed." 

Now, in a restaurant, if they have prepared food, and it is mealtime, but no one is there, is that glorious? Or is it glorious when all 180 people come to eat at mealtime? And when night comes, waiting for everyone to return, saying, "Oh, where did they all go? Not a single one has come back?" 

You must work harder than anyone from the past, harder than anyone in the present, and harder than anyone in the future. When you return in the evening and find no food in the restaurant, will you complain? If you are hungry, you will tighten your belt (demonstrating with actions, laughter), and then God will bless you. When you return, too tired to even take off your clothes or shoes, just lying down on the bed and sleeping soundly, and then saying, "Oh, it’s morning again. I have to go out," how do you think God will feel about that? God feels the same way. The spirit world feels the same way. 

"How many years will you do this? How many months will you go? How many days will you go? You won't do it to death." 

Looking at the New Yorkers here, there are many blessed families, but when they are told to go out and do activities, if they say, "I can't work because of the baby; I need to rest," the baby might say, "Mom! Why aren’t you going, why?" (Laughter, applause) You should be a glorious mother, so why do you want to be a cowardly mother? No matter how much your husband opposes, you must go. In Korea, there were people who threw their babies into orphanages and ran away. To abandon sons and daughters is for one's own happiness, but to abandon my sons and daughters for heaven and humanity is done out of love. It is different. 

Now, in the new year of 1979, will you work with a new heart thinking of heaven? "Yes." Will you complain or not? "I will not." Why must you do that? Because we have the pride of being sons and daughters of heaven. 

Can you do that? "Yes." If you can make such a resolution here, it will truly be a day that has never existed in world history, a day to celebrate Christmas. From now on, there will be hope on your path, not despair. Here lies the hope of America, the hope of the world, and the hope of the kingdom of heaven. Surely, those who will walk this path, raise your hands. Thank you. May God's blessing be with you! 

Historically significant autobiography 

The teacher's thought is that from now until tomorrow, you should write down your past, present, and future in a notebook, what shall we call it, a self-awareness statement, something like that. It is necessary. That is your autobiography. 

Starting from this year... it will be used as historical material in the future. From your mental trends until now, from the activities you have done, how much you have changed since entering the Unification Church, and what you will become in the future, you will write all of that. It is a record centered on yourself. It is an autobiography. 

So now I will tell you the points to write about, so write them down. Today is December 30, 1978, right? "Yes." 

Instructions for the year-end meeting 

Reflection on the year, this is based on the year 1978. Centered on 1978, you will compare everything related to your concepts about parents, your concepts about the nation, or your concepts about society, and reflect on everything about your life. 

The first is "Reflection on the Year (1978)." That is the standard. While reflecting on the year, then based on that... now that the year has passed, the past, present, and future are connected. You will compare and contrast your whole life from that perspective. 

2. Reflection on Life 

Since you reflected on the year, now you will reflect on your life. Life, this is about how you have lived until now. It includes everything from your elementary school days to middle school, high school, and university. Then your past will all come out. It will all come out how you lived in the past. 

There will be your past before entering the Principle era, and then there will be your past after entering the Principle era. From childhood, then your elementary school days, middle school days, high school days, and university days will all come out. And you will have had dreams during that time. Write all of that down. If you lived a hippie life, write that you lived a hippie life; if you took drugs, write that you took drugs; if you had a romance, write that you had a romance. Write all of that down. 

Among the past, there is the past before entering the Unification Church and the past after entering the Unification Church, since we are using the present as the standard. Divide that and write it all down. Write about your emotional trends regarding that, your comparisons with society, and how interesting it all is. Do you understand? Write about the past comparing it all. Centered on 1978, write everything comparing it all. 

Then, regarding the present, if you are the main responsible person, write about the work you have done centered on the will until now, based on what you did in 1978, how you have moved until now, and how you have come to the present. Reflect on the year, 1978, as the standard. 

After making resolutions with the teacher at the beginning of this year, centered on issues such as leaps, or the realization of the earthly kingdom through official processes, reflect on how you have fought and how you have come to this current position. Then write how you will settle the past and what you will do for the future. You must settle the present. Do you understand? So write the reflection on life with these small headings. 

The first is "Me in the Past," the second is "Me in the Present." Write about your own issues. The third is "Me in the Future," and then "Me Regarding Family and Home Church." You must now return to your hometown regarding your family. Do you understand that? 

Next is "America and Me." Since you are American citizens. When you write "America and Me," write about religious issues and other various issues. The issues you think about will differ for each person. What relationship does America have with me, and from a providential perspective, you can create titles based on the central responsibilities you have had in each field and make several books. Moreover, there are many issues regarding the nation concerning American youth, American families, American society, and the university. 

Regarding America, write about the points you are thinking about in relation to yourself. Also, "Religion and Me in America," then "Culture and Me," and everything will be related. 

Next is "The World and Me." Do you understand? Then what comes next is "The Spirit World and Me." "Is there a relationship between the spirit world and me? I don’t know if there is or not." You must write all of that down. Whether you have spiritual experiences or not, or if you hoped for something and how it turned out, whether you have a relationship with the spirit world or not, write all of that down. Then comes "Heaven and Me." After that is "God and Me." 

In the reflection on life, there are "Me in the Past," "Me in the Present," "Me in the Future," "Me Regarding Family and Home Church," "America and Me," "The World and Me," "The Spirit World and Me," "Heaven and Me," and "God and Me," making a total of nine headings. This will be the content of your autobiography, your autobiography. Write it according to your own interests. Think of this as material that will remain in history in the future. Do you think that will be necessary? "Yes." 

Autobiography centered on the will 

So it would be good to make a table and use it as a reference to create historical materials that future generations can read. If you write everything centered on your relationship with the will, it will be very interesting. Once you have done all this, when you want to get married, your partners will try to find a way to sneak a peek at this. (Laughs) When it comes to marriage partners, won’t you both want to sneak a peek? That is necessary. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

So from now on, if you want to go outside, light a candle, and sit in the cold to write, do it freely. Write everything freely wherever you are. In three years, we will do this again. I plan to do it every three years. Kamiyama! "Yes." Tell the fundraising teams to do this too. Korea, Japan, and the whole world...
Da... And Neil talked to Dennis in the UK and told him to quickly contact all of Europe about this matter. The mission department should also contact all the missionaries out in the world. They should gather everything together. The mission department collects its own materials, and the headquarters collects its own materials... This is necessary for the autobiography that will remain historically significant in the future.

If we do this, then history will all come out. When these people write, the entire history of the Unification Church will come out. I can't even imagine how valuable this will be for future generations. Why is this necessary? In the future, all sorts of people will come out and write history however they want... This can all be corrected. This is a record written by responsible individuals at a meeting on December 30, 1978. Anything outside of this will not be recognized in the future.

Therefore, you need to understand that this will become an important resource. In the future, all sorts of people will come out. Communists will come in, and world-class writers will come in and create all sorts of works to confuse the ideology of the Unification Church.

This will create a great center for future generations, a central authority. If someone hears a rumor about someone from a certain region saying something, and if that person has already appeared as an executive here, then there is a history to compare everything against. * Has Kuboki come? Kamiya, let Kuboki know about this content. "Yes, understood." Immediately contact Japan and inform all the executives there about the title so they can write based on that content, and also contact Korea. (* From here, the remarks are in Japanese) "Should we write that and send it here, or just keep it in each country?" (Interpreter) "Keep it."

Write an autobiography that will impress anyone who sees it.
So, the good parts will be read, and the good parts will be copied and brought here. If we do this every three years, it will remain in history, so this is truly good material. From now on, we need to ensure that this kind of material is left behind. When the headquarters does this, make sure to attach photographs. So whenever the teacher gives instructions, we can edit the records written at that time and immediately publish a book within a week. "Please set a standard for which level of executives. (Kwak Jeong-hwan)" District leaders and organization heads. Each head of an organization needs to know about their respective organizations. These people don't know anything. They know nothing. If it's a business site, they should talk about the business site, and each organization should do this so we can know what we have done.

Each of you should have a notebook, something like this... Anyway, from now until tomorrow at twelve o'clock, we will do everything. Until midnight. That will be necessary, right? "Yes." It is absolutely necessary. This notebook should be written in a way that God will read and be moved, that the presidents of each country will read and be moved, that your parents will read and be moved. Always write with that thought in mind. Write so that God reads it, the president reads it, and your parents read it and shed tears and are moved.

Not everything will be submitted, but we will edit interesting aspects of someone's daily life and create a book. If the association wants to create something like a monthly magazine in the future, they can do so based on such content or interesting material. What you write should be enough to make a small booklet or pamphlet of about a hundred pages. "Can we write a hundred pages in one day? It seems like time will be short." (Interpreter) Ah, it should be enough to be a hundred pages when published, in the published pamphlet. This is the 4.6 edition, right? "Yes." It should be a record of about a hundred pages in a book.

So, write the title and continue writing. From the infant years, to the boyhood years, to the student years, then what era, the Unification Church era... How interesting would that be? It will become an interesting book. "There's no time, so it seems a bit difficult..." After eating, it's 24 hours, right? If the teacher talks for five hours, that will become 50 pages, 60 pages, or 80 pages. Anyway, write everything in a conversational style rather than focusing on good sentences. When do we have time to write? We should write at times like this. (Laughter) You understand, right? "Yes."

Now, then... You can sleep here or wherever you want. Whether you sleep on the third floor of this house or at the training center, it’s all good. You can go out and sleep, or even in the bathroom, do as you please. These days, the moonlit nights here in Belvedere are nice. While writing, you can go out for a stroll, look at the stars, write about what you feel, or mention how cold the wind from the Hudson River is, or what kind of boat might go down that river, or where you want to go. You can include all of that, and you can even write poetry; you can do anything. It's a good period.

Now, if you think, "Oh, the teacher is not talking about blessings for the blessed people but making us write like this," you can write that complaint freely. (Laughter) "Oh, 1978 is passing by without any news. What is this?" If you want to write that, go ahead and write it. (Laughter) Write anything there. You can also write poetically about what you want to say to Neil, the president of the association, or what you want to say to the teacher. That's all good; it’s all good.

On the other hand, Kwak Jeong-hwan, prepare some food like bread, McDonald's, or chicken for those who might come hungry and want to eat. What about Kentucky Fried Chicken? "Yes." Since McDonald's is no good when it's cold, at least have some bread and then some cola so that these people can write. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Then it will be fine even if the teacher is not here right now. So, since tomorrow is Sunday, let’s meet in the morning. "Thank you, teacher." 

* Providentially Significant Turning Point
What does that mean? We prepared and went to Yankee Stadium with a typhoon, in Washington... (Applause) So when it rains and the wind blows at Yankee Stadium, we sing... That’s the spirit. God also matched the rhythm there. I think God thinks, "These guys know how to match the harmony of the universe."

The Unification Church steps forward to correct the world's problems.
When we fight, we go... If someone is there to fight for us, our Unification Church just quietly watches from the back. Since there is no one fighting, everyone is dead and fallen, so we have no choice but to rise and be brave like David. (Applause) In America, when it comes to the youth problem, everyone raises their hands and says, "Oh, no one will do this. It's a disaster." That’s when the spirit steps forward. The established church... If Christian thought collapses in America, everything will be ruined. Everyone is saying, "Oh, no one can do this," but the spirit steps forward. Then they think that the communists are scarier than Goliath, so no one in the world steps forward, but we step forward in front of the communists. (Cheers. Applause)

Think about it. Reverend Moon is Korean. Korea is a small country, but when American soldiers came into Korea, they thought of it all as a rose on top of a trash can. What does a rose on top of a trash can mean? It means they saw it all.

When America helped, they thought of it as a pathetic country. The Reverend Moon, who was born there, came to America and didn’t try to learn from America but instead tried to teach America, hitting its belly and kicking its butt, taking the young ones and making them eat... How inhumane they thought that was... They woke someone who was sleeping... And for those who think seriously, when they look through a telescope, they see Reverend Moon growing and shrinking, and they can't figure it out. (Applause) And next, as a religious leader, he’s not just giving religious lectures or speeches... From now on, I will coach wrestlers. How about that? I will coach wrestlers. Then what will happen? When you think about this, it’s paganism. That’s what’s happening. (Laughter)

And then they take young people and make them eat. There’s no one looking down on those who have entered the Unification Church. There are no condescending eyes. (Laughter) Do you know why? "Why is that?" (Laughter) Because it’s more about the family than the individual, more about the tribe than the family, more about the nation than the tribe, more about the world than the nation, and more about God than the world. Ah—this is why. In the end, it’s all about God’s love... (Cheers. Applause)

From then on, the eyes keep looking down. The eyes go down like this, happily. Is that right? "Yes." When Unification Church members walk, do they walk quickly or slowly? "Quickly." Do they walk with their fists clenched like this? (Gesturing. Laughter) "They do." Really? Do they walk straight and look around? They walk straight, so even if someone greets them, they don’t see it. Even if someone greets them... (Gesturing. Laughter) Then when they meet next time and say they didn’t greet them, I always walk straight and quickly, so I didn’t hear the hello, and it seems you greeted me, but I didn’t hear it. From now on, you should stop and say good morning. How kind is that? No one can say it’s bad even if such rumors spread.

Now, we face the world with a typhoon... The communist world is afraid of us, and the democratic world is afraid of us, but when we meet individually, they like us the most. When an individual does wrong, we advise them, when society does wrong, we counsel them, and when a nation does wrong, we put on the brakes.

The value of a loved one.
Now, if we look at the content of God’s providence, God wanted to create an ideal, creative turning point during Adam’s time. This is before the Fall. God wanted to experience being able to come down to the earth and then go back up to heaven. He wanted to turn from one end to the other. But that didn’t happen. The universe stopped turning. Adam completely broke down. If there was an accident in this world, the biggest accident, if there was a breakdown in this world, the biggest breakdown is Adam’s Fall. If there was the scariest sound for God, it was the sound of the Fall; if there was the most disliked sound, it was the sound of the Fall; if there was the biggest and most tremendous sound, it was the sound of the Fall. 

God’s spirit was dizzy, and His thoughts were all scattered, and this kind of event could take away all His strength at once. That is the Fall. How dark it must have been, how dark? Even if He opened His eyes, He couldn’t see the world. That must have been the case. From there, He regained His senses and started to reorganize and carry out the history of recreation.

Ladies, do you need a husband in the future? Do you need a man? Do you need it? "Yes." (Laughter) How much do you need it? How much do you need it? (Laughter) Now, if you were to buy a husband with money, how much money would you pay to buy one? Think about it, everyone. As fallen individuals, if you were to buy a husband, would you give a million dollars or ten billion dollars? Would you sell America to buy your husband? Do you understand what I mean?

If there was a diamond the size of the Earth, would you give that or sell it to have an eternal husband? Would you buy it or not? "I would buy it." What kind of answer is that? "I would buy it!" You would pay even for something that expensive, right? "Yes." Then, would you have any problem selling one leg? If you had to sell one leg, would you do it? "Yes." Would you sell one good eye next? "Yes." What’s next? Wouldn’t you lose all your hands? (Laughter) But what if you can’t buy it? Would you sell both legs to buy it? "Yes." Then if you cut this off and that off, what would be left? (Laughter) But you still have to buy it. You still have to buy it. How do American women think about their husbands? It’s like saying, "Oh no, this shoe is broken; I don’t need this!" for a pair of shoes that cost fifteen dollars, twenty dollars, thirty dollars, or fifty dollars. They are living with a husband that is worth less than that. They are willing to live with such a person. Some people think of a piece of clothing, a single outfit... But our Unification Church girls are not like that, right? "Yes." They are different.

So, even you fallen individuals, even these worthless things, if you could buy a cool man from the world... Teaching women this is really easy. What if we gathered all the women in the world and brought them to an island and made them buy one man each? (Laughter) Would they still be saying, "Oh, my diamond, my money," at that time? Would they want to try it with their savings account? Would they want to try it or not? Would they do it or not? "They would." (Laughter) Those who are not confident cannot receive blessings or anything! (Laughter) Now, if you bought a husband for such an expensive price, he would be good in dreams, good just by thinking about him, good to sleep with, good to look at, good to eat with, everything would be good.

Now, what if he dies? What would you do? What would you think? At that time, would you think, "Oh, how nice! I can just get married again"? How would you feel? Would you hold onto your dead husband and laugh, or would you cry? "I would cry." Would tears come out or not? And would you sob, "Oh, oh, oh"? Would you think about face or not? "I wouldn’t think about it." Your limbs would be stretched out...

What does Adam and Eve mean to God? They are the beloved son of God, the self of God, the love among the ideal future love. If they just died, it would be okay to create them again, but they became unable to be created. Eve is God’s wife. She is the body of God’s wife. You’ve never heard that before, right? What is Adam? He is the body of God. And Eve is the spiritual counterpart and physical counterpart of God’s body.

Beloved couples... So, who do we love? We love God. Therefore, marriage today is not a bad thing. Marriage is extremely sacred. Love and marriage are like the most sacred palace in the world. Who is the son born there? "He is the son of God." He is the son of God, the son of God. Because of this, God is interested in Reverend Moon here on earth. God has discovered what He desires the most. Until now, religion has been separate from God and humanity. Here, it is the opposite. Our Unification Church has come out to lift people up to God’s side and to bring God down to the side of people. With what? With love.

But what do you think God’s heart felt when He heard that Adam and Eve fell?
Do you think about it? After Adam and Eve fell, wouldn’t God have thought, “I wish this universe would just break apart”? If the universe disappears, God can create it again. However, love must also be sought by God Himself. Therefore, to recreate this love, we can conclude that God must be recreated before it is established. God created the heavens and the earth and humanity out of love, but this has been broken. Without this, love cannot exist. This is absolute. Because it is one and only one, it cannot be recreated. If that were to happen, if God were to recreate, it would lead to the conclusion that in the future, people could be discarded if they do not have love and could be sought again.

The Reflector of the Sun
As the moon, the reflector of the sun, shines upon the dark world of Satan, the ideal without an eternal center, without any eternal foundational standard, cannot continue forever. You see that full moon, right? Whenever I look at that moon, I think of the providence of restoration. So, in that sense, I think I will become a shining moon. Now, look at this. (Drawing a picture) Everything that was fallen and dark will disappear. This is how the providence of restoration will unfold. So, this half... “Hey, when will this half grow?” How much has God longed for it? Think about how much He has awaited this half from the crescent moon to the full moon. Everything in human history, sending the Messiah and doing all that has been for this purpose. All the providence in human history, establishing religions and doing everything, has been for this purpose.

Now, among the winter full moon, spring full moon, and autumn full moon, which one is better? The winter moon is not appreciated by anyone. When you see it, it feels cold, very cold. The spring moon looks dim. It has no flavor. The most beautiful is the autumn moon, the autumn moon. In Korea, we have the Chuseok in August. Chuseok is similar to Thanksgiving. During that holiday, we prepare the most variety of foods with new grains. And what do we do? We offer them before our ancestors. So, we are honoring God and heaven.

God also said the end will come. What is the end? It is said that the last days will come, but what are the last days? It is the end of the world. Then, what is the end of the year? Just like the autumn moon night, it is good, and similarly, in the future, the end days will also become like a moonlit night. That is the thought of the Messiah. It means hoping to become like the most beautiful moon of the year. When you see that, in the end days, in the chaotic last times, the issue of “Mun” arises, and it seems to fit the logic of the world. (Applause) On the days we look at it, we can dance and enjoy, have feasts, and eat rice cakes, but if we don’t look at it, it’s a worry, it’s a worry. You all looked at the moon.

When the teacher goes to Korea, you all will follow to Korea, when he goes to England, you will follow to England, when he goes to Belvedere, you will go to Belvedere, when he goes to East Garden, you will go to East Garden, you will follow him wherever he goes. Why do you like that moon? Because it is the reflector of the sun. There is nothing else. God is the sun of the universe, the sun of the universe. So, the teacher plays the role of a reflector. The world of Satan is dark, but here it is moonlit, so we can act. The world is dark, but here it is moonlit, so it feels good to come into the Unification Church.

This moon, what kind of moon is it? The Unification Church also has winter, spring, autumn, and summer. At first, there is winter. Then, the spring season passes. After that, the summer season comes. Then, the autumn season will come. Until now, there has been no interest, but when autumn comes, everyone will gather in your neighborhood to hold a moon festival, sharing old stories, interesting tales. Do you understand what I mean? 
“Yes.”

Home Church is the tribal altar where God's sorrow is resolved and His wishes are fulfilled.
Look. We can see the moon as it is, but those people are all covered and cannot see it. It’s dark. So, this must be uncovered. Do you understand? Even if they don’t like it, it must be uncovered. To take off what is covered, it must be turned inside out, inside out. If you try to cover it more, it will be a big problem. Isn’t that right? “Yes.” So, when autumn comes, you must lay the foundation for everyone in your neighborhood to gather and hold the autumn moon festival. What is that? You must know that it is home church. (Applause) You all want to have a feast, and you have homes and parents, and you want to return to your hometown, right? You must return to your hometown, right? Because of the fall, we separated from God thousands of years ago and left our original hometown, so we must return and celebrate. When you return to your hometown, it’s not that all your grandparents have died. They are all prepared, and all the humans on the ground and ancestors will come together. That is the foundation from God for all ancestors to dance and for this world to be joyful. Such a party must be held centered around one’s own family and tribe before it is done on a national level. This must be done. That is home church. There, you Unification Church members will become tribal messiahs. You will become the owners, the owners.

So, when all the autumn season comes, if you offer everything to God on the feast day, heaven and the whole world will rejoice and be able to accept it, which will become the conditional foundation for all creation originally created by God to welcome it. This is the foundation upon which God's sorrow regarding this earth can be resolved and His wishes can be fulfilled. You must all understand this. At that time, just as everyone rejoices looking at the moon during Chuseok, from grandparents to children, everyone will rejoice, everyone. The responsibility of you home church leaders is to create a celebration that everyone can enjoy like the moon. When that happens, all those who love you and follow you will be saved. Everyone will go to the kingdom of heaven together. This, in the view of the Jewish nation, is the tribal altar, the altar. (Drawing a picture) This will be the result.

When you look at it this way, how do you think God will feel when all the sorrows He had are surpassed by such a time? So, of course, you must make everyone living there better than Adam and Eve before the fall. This is the principle. Because of this, God stands in the position where He can say, “Do this, do that.” You are now... You are also restoring them while restoring yourselves. Thus, you go through three stages: the Old Testament era, the New Testament era, and the Completed Testament era, rising through these three stages. This is how you rise. (While drawing a picture)

This is the age of the providence of restoration expectation. So, from here, you go through the age of servants, the age of adopted children, the age of sons, and rise to the age of parents. Thus, you rise to become True Parents. Without becoming God's true sons and daughters, you cannot stand in that position. Have you all become God's sons and daughters? What can you provide as evidence? If you have married, even if the country tries to divorce you from your wife, you must not yield. Parents cannot divorce you, the world cannot divorce you, and God cannot divorce you; you must become the absolute standard. You must have the mindset that even God and the teacher cannot divorce you. Do you understand?

Under such traditions and foundations, becoming one with God's love, husband and wife, and the children born from there cannot be separated. It is the same. No one can sever it. It is more precious than one’s own life. With those sons and daughters, God has worked hard to restore Adam and Eve, feeling joy beyond the joy of finding Adam and Eve. Jesus was sent as such a son after the time of Adam, but Jesus also died. How shocking is that? How shocking it must have been for God? You must understand that it was the second truly shocking scene. Now, through the age of the Second Coming, we are fighting. How anxious must God be? Even if humanity is ruined, Christianity is ruined, and the world is ruined, He says, “You cannot ruin the Unification Church.” God says this. “I will give the world to you, Satan, so enjoy the ruined world. Also, take over all the established churches you have believed in until now and enjoy making worldly things. However, the Unification Church must not be ruined.” (Applause)

Satan sees that the Unification Church is a big problem. So, he launches a total attack with all his national foundations, the foundation of Christianity, the foundation of religion, etc. He says, “Let’s eliminate the Unification Church and kill Reverend Moon.” However, the Unification Church has already transcended to a level that cannot be eliminated. (Applause) In the battle against opposition, Reverend Moon and the Unification Church have fulfilled all their responsibilities.

We are a group gathered to elevate America to a new level.
During World War II, America sent troops and dispatched them to liberate the free world from all dictatorial Satanic worlds, but now they are all retreating. However, the Unification Church does not retreat. America sacrificed young people during World War II. They were also killed in the Korean War and the Vietnam War. All the spirits that died there fought to praise heaven by laying the foundation for victory over the communist world, but they were all pushed back by communists, and now the Carter administration has sided with the communists and is playing a game favorable to them, which leads to ruin. Nowadays, they talk about human rights and national rights, but that is dangerous. These foolish people claim human rights while violating the rights of the nation. They have lost all their national rights and authority.

Look at what America is doing now. I am not criticizing America; I am stating facts. If this continues, the backbone of heaven will collapse and lead to ruin. Therefore, among the American youth, if a few people who are opposed and more fervently loyal to heaven are not left behind, America will completely perish. That is why Reverend Moon comes to America to do this work. Look at Iran, look at Iran. Who is responsible for that? Who made Iran like that? It is America's responsibility, America’s responsibility.

We must feel a sense of responsibility for this and carry the historical mission. When we look at today’s decadent American society and the future of America, we see no hope, so we must strive to elevate this to a new level. You may be eating bread and liking cheese, but you must understand that eating this bread and cheese will lead to ruin. So, I want you to think that you are eating bread that leads to ruin and cheese that leads to ruin. Therefore, God mobilizes young people to be educated by Reverend Moon, and all the young ones gather. So, you are different. You have been called for a different mission.

From this perspective, today, all the young people in our Unification Church around the world, especially the young people in America, must unite and say to God, “Please endure for a few more years; we will restore this!” and it is time to stab the desk with a knife and pray and swear. How much have you sworn? How much have you thought about how well you must hold the brake and handle? Even if your flesh falls off and your bones break, you must endure and go on. Even if your arms are cut off, you must endure and go on. Even if your body becomes crippled, you must do it. You must understand that this is the time to navigate the sharp curve without falling into traps and not falling off the cliff, centered around the steering wheel of this big vehicle. You must know that once you get past this critical point, a flat road will come. Here, no matter how much you want to rest and repair everything, there is no repair shop, so you cannot repair it. You must overcome time and get through it.

Now, where are we in the 3rd 7-year course? (Drawing a picture) We are navigating this curve. The Unification Church has already passed it. So, from here, we must leap forward. That is why all the spirit world is interested in the Unification Church, and the whole world is also interested in the Unification Church. They thought the Unification Church was bad, but it is not bad. The mountain peaks are appearing, the mountain peaks. It was all covered in snow, and they thought there was only snow, but now that the snow is melting, the beautiful mountain peaks are appearing. Do you understand what I mean? One by one, the peaks are appearing, right? Nowadays, even the deprogrammers are all being confronted. This is how they keep revealing themselves. I have said that I have brainwashed all of you by putting you in an electric device, right? Do you think you have been brainwashed, you sons of bitches? I have said that I took you and made you agents of the KCIA. We have prepared the materials that are not brainwashing in one arm, not KCIA in one arm. From now on, when someone opposes us, we can say, “You bastard! What KCIA? Provide evidence, you bastard!” and they will be unable to move. (Laughter. Applause)

God is making Reverend Moon stand in court. “Oh, I am a sinner, a sinner.” He has been caught and put there. So, after investigation, the prosecutor says, “Reverend Moon is bad, bad,” and the lawyers say, “Good, good,” and then when the trial day comes, if the verdict is “Ah— the prosecutor’s side is bad, and the lawyer’s side is good, the Unification Church is good,” then it will all be done. (Applause)

You see, the guy named Jim Jones who caused the Guyana incident made everyone think the Unification Church is bad, but I don’t think it is bad. Because of that guy, the Justice Department told the State Department, “Hey, investigate Reverend Moon!” So, the State Department cannot just sit still. Since they are not making announcements, they are making activities to have heaven make a legal announcement to protect Reverend Moon from the American government. (Cheers. Applause) God is using Jim Jones in America. What follows is that it shows that religions with communist ideologies will all perish. (Applause) Nationally, it will change, and religiously, all content will be completely organized to align with our principles and move forward.
thing is to wear shoes. I prefer to go barefoot. (Laughter) 

So, from now on, we need to change our appearance. We shouldn’t wake up late, and our actions should change. We all need to see things with our own eyes… (making expressions) Ladies, are you all wearing high heels or flat shoes? “Flat shoes.” From now on, you should wear the highest high heels. (Applause. Laughter) Why do women wear them? It’s not just for fun; it’s for running. When you wear them, it takes less time to go up and down. Seeing that, you might think, “Westerners are practical; they’ve made good use of it in the restoration era, and American women must have done it for that reason.” Their civilization is based on high heels; can they avoid that? (Laughter)

I like that. How about it, ladies? How about it? Did Michael Warner from News World come here? This is going to be a problem for the church. Why don’t you go out at night and sell newspapers? Will you do it or not? “I will.” Do you know that we bought a newspaper company? “Yes.” (Cheers. Applause) American women grow their nails long and put on polish; that means, “I’m a woman who doesn’t work.” Now, how can those people carry luggage? They’re afraid their nails will break. If they have to deal with a baby… (Laughter) How much… do you understand, everyone? When I tell our Yejin, “Hey, hey, hey,” she says, “Oh, I have to do this to go to school. This much is okay, right? Even if my father is the leader of the Unification Church…” (Laughter)

So, let’s work for a year without cutting our nails. (Laughter) Will anyone fail because of that? Will anyone be upset? Answer me. When you go to that house, you’ll find the floor cleaned and everything done, so will you say, “Oh, it’s dirty; it smells. I won’t come here at all”? Or will you say, “Oh, how nice! I should do this too”? What do you think? “The latter.” Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.”

Now, men in America wear shoes all the time. American culture is a shoe culture. (Laughter) Women wear high ones, and men wear tightly bound shoes. Why do you think that tradition came about? Ah! Back when immigrants came here, they had to run quickly to escape attacks from Indians, so women wore high heels to run fast, (Laughter) and men wore tightly bound shoes to always be ready to run out. I believe that’s how it must have been. Do you think that’s right? (Laughter)

So now, we need to train to fight even without shoes. Before, we fought while wearing shoes, but now we need to train to fight without them. Does a tiger jump while wearing shoes? Does a bear climb a tree wearing shoes? (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean? It’s about running barefoot. The thing I dislike the most in the morning…
is putting on socks after getting dressed. I hate putting on socks the most. Don't you, Bohee? "I feel the same way." I really dislike putting on socks. Don't you all feel the same? You probably don't know, right? Even without shoes, I think we should all be prepared to run barefoot for the sake of our purpose.

So, let's promise to do that starting tomorrow, shall we? "We promise." From now on, we are fighting for your country. We are fighting for your homes and your tribes. Forget about Reverend Moon and God. I came here as the most important representative champion for the American people, and that's how you should think. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." If so, raise your hand if you are promising to definitely do that and create a new turning point. Put your hands down.

Today marks the end of 40 days, and Mr. Park (laughing) is asking why this is…. (laughter) We need to make everyone run, even if we have to shout. We need to think that doing a few times, a few hundred times, or a few thousand times more than what we've done so far is still not enough. From now on, starting tomorrow, it will be a secondary period. This secondary period will be the most…. We will determine whether you succeed or fail in these 40 days.

Now that we have come this far, how will we go up from here? Will we go up like this, or like this? How will we go? Will we go this way? How will you go? (Drawing a picture while speaking) "By going A." It's easy to say, you guys! It's easy to talk. After you work hard to the death, then you can say, 'I like A.' Shouldn't it be that way? How should we say it? After working hard to the death, we should say, 'A is mine.' We shouldn't say, 'I like A' before that. Otherwise, A will say, 'Who do you think you are to like me?' What does that mean? Neither A nor B nor C will work…. What is it? "It's A." You lack confidence. "I have confidence." Then this responsibility lies with Bohee (laughing). "Yes, Father." (laughter) It must be really hard to interpret, right? "Yes." That's a blessing, a blessing. Can a pastor from a traditional church set up an interpreter and say, 'You little brat!' and hit and kick like this? "It's a worldwide record." (laughter, applause) That shows how close we are. (applause)

Main business is evangelism, side business is other work
Now, look. Today's sermon title is 'The Providential Major Turning Point,' but whose title is this? This is not the title of the Unification Church; it is the title for all of you. What is the church? It is to whip you into shape. 'You all should do this.' That's what it is. This is not my target as Reverend Moon. No, it is your target. Reverend Moon is already finished. God will never say, 'Hey, you didn't take responsibility' just because I left America. No matter where I go, no matter what country I go to, the spirit world will never see someone who didn't take responsibility for that country. I am passing that on to you today. (The recording cuts off for a moment)

This is not a dream; it is reality. This means the rabbit is jumping to escape. (laughter) So you all will start jumping from tomorrow. Then you will receive God's blessings.

Starting from the New Year, the teacher will not be here. I will be wandering around. I will be wandering through England. You all will think, even if I am not here, that I am here, right? "Yes." Moreover, the leaders…. Are all the main leaders gathered? From now on, you all should plan to live for about three years without taking off your clothes or loosening your ties. When you return to your headquarters, clear out all the beds. Clear out the beds and rooms of the leaders, everything. If possible, sleep and pray in the guest room or living room. So that it is cold and hard, and you will think, 'Oh, I hope the day breaks soon. It would be nice to go out.' That's what I want you to do. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." This is what the leaders should do. So, I will not allow the leaders to stay in the New Yorker building either.

Leaders here, since the teacher has said this, do it voluntarily. If you don't, I will make Kamiyama do it. The teacher is still sitting in a chair like this and sleeping a lot. After sending you all away, I often sit up here and sleep like this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Until now, your way of thinking that 'this will work' will not do. If your juniors inherit that tradition, it will be a big problem, a big problem.

From now on, all businesses are side businesses. What is the main business? It is evangelism, evangelism. The time spent evangelizing should exceed the time spent working. Otherwise, can you save the 240 million people in America? Even if it means sacrificing all of you, God's thought is to save America. Therefore, He wants you to sacrifice and endure hardships.

Look. The time is now just like the time when you offered your one and only beloved Jesus on the cross. It is the same. This is not for Reverend Moon, nor for the Unification Church, but for America, the world, and God. For justice…. Is that not a principled statement? "It is a principled statement." Then you must do it, you must.

Now go out and fight proudly
So, since we made a promise, believe it…. Then tomorrow, you will welcome the New Year in God's blessings, and as proud individuals, from now on, if anyone insults you and calls you a Moonie, you must hold them and engage in theoretical struggle. We must become Sunnies from Moonies. Do you understand? If all the American people forget that we are Moonies and can call us Sunnies, then it will be the time when our intentions can spread globally. Therefore, when we advertise this time, we can say, 'Moonies will not end as Moonies but will become Sunnies. From now on, our Unification Church will not remain silent to those who call us Moonies, but will remain silent to those who call us Sunnies.' Just add that one line. (laughter) We must hold onto those who call us Moonies and discuss it theoretically. Ask them why they call us Moonies…. If they admit they were wrong, we should make them call us Sunnies and send them back. (laughter)

I told Bohee. Starting next year, I pointed out who to meet. The reason I have been criticized and chased around in this country until now is that I had no materials, but now I have the materials to argue confidently with anyone and to attack anyone. I have the evidence, the evidence. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

We must go out confidently like this. So from tomorrow, we must leap forward. We must do that. Right? "Yes." Let's raise our hands and swear once more. Stand up, stand up. (shouting, applause) Did you all just turn like this, or did you turn like this? How did you turn? (gesturing) "Both ways." Oh, they probably didn't do that over there. That's good. 

Home Church and the Completion of Heaven
<Prayer> Beloved Heavenly Father, we have just finished the year 1978. Now, the new year of 1979 has arrived for the Unification Church members around the world and all humanity. Reflecting once again on the hard work of our Father who has woven the path of suffering since the Fall, we recall the countless ancestors who failed to fulfill their responsibilities and trampled upon the providential heart, extending the ties of history to this day, continuing the sorrowful history.

Your deep heart has longed for the victory of a day, and we are reminded once again of the countless humans who have flowed silently into the unknown world through the history of tears and bloodshed. Among countless humans and nations, you chose the poor Korea and awakened this insignificant child among the chosen nation, training us from our foolish days until the day we recognized the time, allowing us to endure through countless persecutions and ultimately to occupy the glorious position of today. This is all your grace, and we once again praise your holy work.

Father, the countless ancestors in the spirit world and all the prophets and saints who have come and gone bearing the historical sorrow are looking upon this place at this time, waiting for a new historical proclamation. I feel this on January 1, 1979, at midnight, at the Belvedere training center.

This is not a dream; it is reality. This means the rabbit is jumping to escape. (laughter) So you all will start jumping from tomorrow. Then you will receive God's blessings.

Starting from the New Year, the teacher will not be here. I will be wandering around. I will be wandering through England. You all will think, even if I am not here, that I am here, right? "Yes." Moreover, the leaders…. Are all the main leaders gathered? From now on, you all should plan to live for about three years without taking off your clothes or loosening your ties. When you return to your headquarters, clear out all the beds. Clear out the beds and rooms of the leaders, everything. If possible, sleep and pray in the guest room or living room. So that it is cold and hard, and you will think, 'Oh, I hope the day breaks soon. It would be nice to go out.' That's what I want you to do. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." This is what the leaders should do. So, I will not allow the leaders to stay in the New Yorker building either.

Leaders here, since the teacher has said this, do it voluntarily. If you don't, I will make Kamiyama do it. The teacher is still sitting in a chair like this and sleeping a lot. After sending you all away, I often sit up here and sleep like this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Until now, your way of thinking that 'this will work' will not do. If your juniors inherit that tradition, it will be a big problem, a big problem.

From now on, all businesses are side businesses. What is the main business? It is evangelism, evangelism. The time spent evangelizing should exceed the time spent working. Otherwise, can you save the 240 million people in America? Even if it means sacrificing all of you, God's thought is to save America. Therefore, He wants you to sacrifice and endure hardships.

Look. The time is now just like the time when you offered your one and only beloved Jesus on the cross. It is the same. This is not for Reverend Moon, nor for the Unification Church, but for America, the world, and God. For justice…. Is that not a principled statement? "It is a principled statement." Then you must do it, you must.

Now go out and fight proudly
So, since we made a promise, believe it…. Then tomorrow, you will welcome the New Year in God's blessings, and as proud individuals, from now on, if anyone insults you and calls you a Moonie, you must hold them and engage in theoretical struggle. We must become Sunnies from Moonies. Do you understand? If all the American people forget that we are Moonies and can call us Sunnies, then it will be the time when our intentions can spread globally. Therefore, when we advertise this time, we can say, 'Moonies will not end as Moonies but will become Sunnies. From now on, our Unification Church will not remain silent to those who call us Moonies, but will remain silent to those who call us Sunnies.' Just add that one line. (laughter) We must hold onto those who call us Moonies and discuss it theoretically. Ask them why they call us Moonies…. If they admit they were wrong, we should make them call us Sunnies and send them back. (laughter)

I told Bohee. Starting next year, I pointed out who to meet. The reason I have been criticized and chased around in this country until now is that I had no materials, but now I have the materials to argue confidently with anyone and to attack anyone. I have the evidence, the evidence. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

We must go out confidently like this. So from tomorrow, we must leap forward. We must do that. Right? "Yes." Let's raise our hands and swear once more. Stand up, stand up. (shouting, applause) Did you all just turn like this, or did you turn like this? How did you turn? (gesturing) "Both ways." Oh, they probably didn't do that over there. That's good. 

Home Church and the Completion of Heaven
<Prayer> Beloved Heavenly Father, we have just finished the year 1978. Now, the new year of 1979 has arrived for the Unification Church members around the world and all humanity. Reflecting once again on the hard work of our Father who has woven the path of suffering since the Fall, we recall the countless ancestors who failed to fulfill their responsibilities and trampled upon the providential heart, extending the ties of history to this day, continuing the sorrowful history.

Your deep heart has longed for the victory of a day, and we are reminded once again of the countless humans who have flowed silently into the unknown world through the history of tears and bloodshed. Among countless humans and nations, you chose the poor Korea and awakened this insignificant child among the chosen nation, training us from our foolish days until the day we recognized the time, allowing us to endure through countless persecutions and ultimately to occupy the glorious position of today. This is all your grace, and we once again praise your holy work.

Father, the countless ancestors in the spirit world and all the prophets and saints who have come and gone bearing the historical sorrow are looking upon this place at this time, waiting for a new historical proclamation. I feel this on January 1, 1979, at midnight, at the Belvedere training center.

This is not a dream; it is reality. This means the rabbit is jumping to escape. (laughter) So you all will start jumping from tomorrow. Then you will receive God's blessings.

Starting from the New Year, the teacher will not be here. I will be wandering around. I will be wandering through England. You all will think, even if I am not here, that I am here, right? "Yes." Moreover, the leaders…. Are all the main leaders gathered? From now on, you all should plan to live for about three years without taking off your clothes or loosening your ties. When you return to your headquarters, clear out all the beds. Clear out the beds and rooms of the leaders, everything. If possible, sleep and pray in the guest room or living room. So that it is cold and hard, and you will think, 'Oh, I hope the day breaks soon. It would be nice to go out.' That's what I want you to do. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." This is what the leaders should do. So, I will not allow the leaders to stay in the New Yorker building either.

Leaders here, since the teacher has said this, do it voluntarily. If you don't, I will make Kamiyama do it. The teacher is still sitting in a chair like this and sleeping a lot. After sending you all away, I often sit up here and sleep like this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Until now, your way of thinking that 'this will work' will not do. If your juniors inherit that tradition, it will be a big problem, a big problem.

From now on, all businesses are side businesses. What is the main business? It is evangelism, evangelism. The time spent evangelizing should exceed the time spent working. Otherwise, can you save the 240 million people in America? Even if it means sacrificing all of you, God's thought is to save America. Therefore, He wants you to sacrifice and endure hardships.

Look. The time is now just like the time when you offered your one and only beloved Jesus on the cross. It is the same. This is not for Reverend Moon, nor for the Unification Church, but for America, the world, and God. For justice…. Is that not a principled statement? "It is a principled statement." Then you must do it, you must.

Now go out and fight proudly
So, since we made a promise, believe it…. Then tomorrow, you will welcome the New Year in God's blessings, and as proud individuals, from now on, if anyone insults you and calls you a Moonie, you must hold them and engage in theoretical struggle. We must become Sunnies from Moonies. Do you understand? If all the American people forget that we are Moonies and can call us Sunnies, then it will be the time when our intentions can spread globally. Therefore, when we advertise this time, we can say, 'Moonies will not end as Moonies but will become Sunnies. From now on, our Unification Church will not remain silent to those who call us Moonies, but will remain silent to those who call us Sunnies.' Just add that one line. (laughter) We must hold onto those who call us Moonies and discuss it theoretically. Ask them why they call us Moonies…. If they admit they were wrong, we should make them call us Sunnies and send them back. (laughter)

I told Bohee. Starting next year, I pointed out who to meet. The reason I have been criticized and chased around in this country until now is that I had no materials, but now I have the materials to argue confidently with anyone and to attack anyone. I have the evidence, the evidence. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

We must go out confidently like this. So from tomorrow, we must leap forward. We must do that. Right? "Yes." Let's raise our hands and swear once more. Stand up, stand up. (shouting, applause) Did you all just turn like this, or did you turn like this? How did you turn? (gesturing) "Both ways." Oh, they probably didn't do that over there. That's good. 

Home Church and the Completion of Heaven
<Prayer> Beloved Heavenly Father, we have just finished the year 1978. Now, the new year of 1979 has arrived for the Unification Church members around the world and all humanity. Reflecting once again on the hard work of our Father who has woven the path of suffering since the Fall, we recall the countless ancestors who failed to fulfill their responsibilities and trampled upon the providential heart, extending the ties of history to this day, continuing the sorrowful history.

Your deep heart has longed for the victory of a day, and we are reminded once again of the countless humans who have flowed silently into the unknown world through the history of tears and bloodshed. Among countless humans and nations, you chose the poor Korea and awakened this insignificant child among the chosen nation, training us from our foolish days until the day we recognized the time, allowing us to endure through countless persecutions and ultimately to occupy the glorious position of today. This is all your grace, and we once again praise your holy work.

Father, the countless ancestors in the spirit world and all the prophets and saints who have come and gone bearing the historical sorrow are looking upon this place at this time, waiting for a new historical proclamation. I feel this on January 1, 1979, at midnight, at the Belvedere training center.

This is not a dream; it is reality. This means the rabbit is jumping to escape. (laughter) So you all will start jumping from tomorrow. Then you will receive God's blessings.

Starting from the New Year, the teacher will not be here. I will be wandering around. I will be wandering through England. You all will think, even if I am not here, that I am here, right? "Yes." Moreover, the leaders…. Are all the main leaders gathered? From now on, you all should plan to live for about three years without taking off your clothes or loosening your ties. When you return to your headquarters, clear out all the beds. Clear out the beds and rooms of the leaders, everything. If possible, sleep and pray in the guest room or living room. So that it is cold and hard, and you will think, 'Oh, I hope the day breaks soon. It would be nice to go out.' That's what I want you to do. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." This is what the leaders should do. So, I will not allow the leaders to stay in the New Yorker building either.

Leaders here, since the teacher has said this, do it voluntarily. If you don't, I will make Kamiyama do it. The teacher is still sitting in a chair like this and sleeping a lot. After sending you all away, I often sit up here and sleep like this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Until now, your way of thinking that 'this will work' will not do. If your juniors inherit that tradition, it will be a big problem, a big problem.

From now on, all businesses are side businesses. What is the main business? It is evangelism, evangelism. The time spent evangelizing should exceed the time spent working. Otherwise, can you save the 240 million people in America? Even if it means sacrificing all of you, God's thought is to save America. Therefore, He wants you to sacrifice and endure hardships.

Look. The time is now just like the time when you offered your one and only beloved Jesus on the cross. It is the same. This is not for Reverend Moon, nor for the Unification Church, but for America, the world, and God. For justice…. Is that not a principled statement? "It is a principled statement." Then you must do it, you must.

Now go out and fight proudly
So, since we made a promise, believe it…. Then tomorrow, you will welcome the New Year in God's blessings, and as proud individuals, from now on, if anyone insults you and calls you a Moonie, you must hold them and engage in theoretical struggle. We must become Sunnies from Moonies. Do you understand? If all the American people forget that we are Moonies and can call us Sunnies, then it will be the time when our intentions can spread globally. Therefore, when we advertise this time, we can say, 'Moonies will not end as Moonies but will become Sunnies. From now on, our Unification Church will not remain silent to those who call us Moonies, but will remain silent to those who call us Sunnies.' Just add that one line. (laughter) We must hold onto those who call us Moonies and discuss it theoretically. Ask them why they call us Moonies…. If they admit they were wrong, we should make them call us Sunnies and send them back. (laughter)

I told Bohee. Starting next year, I pointed out who to meet. The reason I have been criticized and chased around in this country until now is that I had no materials, but now I have the materials to argue confidently with anyone and to attack anyone. I have the evidence, the evidence. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

We must go out confidently like this. So from tomorrow, we must leap forward. We must do that. Right? "Yes." Let's raise our hands and swear once more. Stand up, stand up. (shouting, applause) Did you all just turn like this, or did you turn like this? How did you turn? (gesturing) "Both ways." Oh, they probably didn't do that over there. That's good. 

Home Church and the Completion of Heaven
<Prayer> Beloved Heavenly Father, we have just finished the year 1978. Now, the new year of 1979 has arrived for the Unification Church members around the world and all humanity. Reflecting once again on the hard work of our Father who has woven the path of suffering since the Fall, we recall the countless ancestors who failed to fulfill their responsibilities and trampled upon the providential heart, extending the ties of history to this day, continuing the sorrowful history.

Your deep heart has longed for the victory of a day, and we are reminded once again of the countless humans who have flowed silently into the unknown world through the history of tears and bloodshed. Among countless humans and nations, you chose the poor Korea and awakened this insignificant child among the chosen nation, training us from our foolish days until the day we recognized the time, allowing us to endure through countless persecutions and ultimately to occupy the glorious position of today. This is all your grace, and we once again praise your holy work.

Father, the countless ancestors in the spirit world and all the prophets and saints who have come and gone bearing the historical sorrow are looking upon this place at this time, waiting for a new historical proclamation. I feel this on January 1, 1979, at midnight, at the Belvedere training center.

This is not a dream; it is reality. This means the rabbit is jumping to escape. (laughter) So you all will start jumping from tomorrow. Then you will receive God's blessings.

Starting from the New Year, the teacher will not be here. I will be wandering around. I will be wandering through England. You all will think, even if I am not here, that I am here, right? "Yes." Moreover, the leaders…. Are all the main leaders gathered? From now on, you all should plan to live for about three years without taking off your clothes or loosening your ties. When you return to your headquarters, clear out all the beds. Clear out the beds and rooms of the leaders, everything. If possible, sleep and pray in the guest room or living room. So that it is cold and hard, and you will think, 'Oh, I hope the day breaks soon. It would be nice to go out.' That's what I want you to do. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." This is what the leaders should do. So, I will not allow the leaders to stay in the New Yorker building either.

Leaders here, since the teacher has said this, do it voluntarily. If you don't, I will make Kamiyama do it. The teacher is still sitting in a chair like this and sleeping a lot. After sending you all away, I often sit up here and sleep like this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Until now, your way of thinking that 'this will work' will not do. If your juniors inherit that tradition, it will be a big problem, a big problem.

From now on, all businesses are side businesses. What is the main business? It is evangelism, evangelism. The time spent evangelizing should exceed the time spent working. Otherwise, can you save the 240 million people in America? Even if it means sacrificing all of you, God's thought is to save America. Therefore, He wants you to sacrifice and endure hardships.

Look. The time is now just like the time when you offered your one and only beloved Jesus on the cross. It is the same. This is not for Reverend Moon, nor for the Unification Church, but for America, the world, and God. For justice…. Is that not a principled statement? "It is a principled statement." Then you must do it, you must.

Now go out and fight proudly
So, since we made a promise, believe it…. Then tomorrow, you will welcome the New Year in God's blessings, and as proud individuals, from now on, if anyone insults you and calls you a Moonie, you must hold them and engage in theoretical struggle. We must become Sunnies from Moonies. Do you understand? If all the American people forget that we are Moonies and can call us Sunnies, then it will be the time when our intentions can spread globally. Therefore, when we advertise this time, we can say, 'Moonies will not end as Moonies but will become Sunnies. From now on, our Unification Church will not remain silent to those who call us Moonies, but will remain silent to those who call us Sunnies.' Just add that one line. (laughter) We must hold onto those who call us Moonies and discuss it theoretically. Ask them why they call us Moonies…. If they admit they were wrong, we should make them call us Sunnies and send them back. (laughter)

I told Bohee. Starting next year, I pointed out who to meet. The reason I have been criticized and chased around in this country until now is that I had no materials, but now I have the materials to argue confidently with anyone and to attack anyone. I have the evidence, the evidence. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

We must go out confidently like this. So from tomorrow, we must leap forward. We must do that. Right? "Yes." Let's raise our hands and swear once more. Stand up, stand up. (shouting, applause) Did you all just turn like this, or did you turn like this? How did you turn? (gesturing) "Both ways." Oh, they probably didn't do that over there. That's good. 

Home Church and the Completion of Heaven
<Prayer> Beloved Heavenly Father, we have just finished the year 1978. Now, the new year of 1979 has arrived for the Unification Church members around the world and all humanity. Reflecting once again on the hard work of our Father who has woven the path of suffering since the Fall, we recall the countless ancestors who failed to fulfill their responsibilities and trampled upon the providential heart, extending the ties of history to this day, continuing the sorrowful history.

Your deep heart has longed for the victory of a day, and we are reminded once again of the countless humans who have flowed silently into the unknown world through the history of tears and bloodshed. Among countless humans and nations, you chose the poor Korea and awakened this insignificant child among the chosen nation, training us from our foolish days until the day we recognized the time, allowing us to endure through countless persecutions and ultimately to occupy the glorious position of today. This is all your grace, and we once again praise your holy work.

Father, the countless ancestors in the spirit world and all the prophets and saints who have come and gone bearing the historical sorrow are looking upon this place at this time, waiting for a new historical proclamation. I feel this on January 1, 1979, at midnight, at the Belvedere training center.

This is not a dream; it is reality. This means the rabbit is jumping to escape. (laughter) So you all will start jumping from tomorrow. Then you will receive God's blessings.

Starting from the New Year, the teacher will not be here. I will be wandering around. I will be wandering through England. You all will think, even if I am not here, that I am here, right? "Yes." Moreover, the leaders…. Are all the main leaders gathered? From now on, you all should plan to live for about three years without taking off your clothes or loosening your ties. When you return to your headquarters, clear out all the beds. Clear out the beds and rooms of the leaders, everything. If possible, sleep and pray in the guest room or living room. So that it is cold and hard, and you will think, 'Oh, I hope the day breaks soon. It would be nice to go out.' That's what I want you to do. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." This is what the leaders should do. So, I will not allow the leaders to stay in the New Yorker building either.

Leaders here, since the teacher has said this, do it voluntarily. If you don't, I will make Kamiyama do it. The teacher is still sitting in a chair like this and sleeping a lot. After sending you all away, I often sit up here and sleep like this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Until now, your way of thinking that 'this will work' will not do. If your juniors inherit that tradition, it will be a big problem, a big problem.

From now on, all businesses are side businesses. What is the main business? It is evangelism, evangelism. The time spent evangelizing should exceed the time spent working. Otherwise, can you save the 240 million people in America? Even if it means sacrificing all of you, God's thought is to save America. Therefore, He wants you to sacrifice and endure hardships.

Look. The time is now just like the time when you offered your one and only beloved Jesus on the cross. It is the same. This is not for Reverend Moon, nor for the Unification Church, but for America, the world, and God. For justice…. Is that not a principled statement? "It is a principled statement." Then you must do it, you must.

Now go out and fight proudly
So, since we made a promise, believe it…. Then tomorrow, you will welcome the New Year in God's blessings, and as proud individuals, from now on, if anyone insults you and calls you a Moonie, you must hold them and engage in theoretical struggle. We must become Sunnies from Moonies. Do you understand? If all the American people forget that we are Moonies and can call us Sunnies, then it will be the time when our intentions can spread globally. Therefore, when we advertise this time, we can say, 'Moonies will not end as Moonies but will become Sunnies. From now on, our Unification Church will not remain silent to those who call us Moonies, but will remain silent to those who call us Sunnies.' Just add that one line. (laughter) We must hold onto those who call us Moonies and discuss it theoretically. Ask them why they call us Moonies…. If they admit they were wrong, we should make them call us Sunnies and send them back. (laughter)

I told Bohee. Starting next year, I pointed out who to meet. The reason I have been criticized and chased around in this country until now is that I had no materials, but now I have the materials to argue confidently with anyone and to attack anyone. I have the evidence, the evidence. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

We must go out confidently like this. So from tomorrow, we must leap forward. We must do that. Right? "Yes." Let's raise our hands and swear once more. Stand up, stand up. (shouting, applause) Did you all just turn like this, or did you turn like this? How did you turn? (gesturing) "Both ways." Oh, they probably didn't do that over there. That's good. 

Home Church and the Completion of Heaven
<Prayer> Beloved Heavenly Father, we have just finished the year 1978. Now, the new year of 1979 has arrived for the Unification Church members around the world and all humanity. Reflecting once again on the hard work of our Father who has woven the path of suffering since the Fall, we recall the countless ancestors who failed to fulfill their responsibilities and trampled upon the providential heart, extending the ties of history to this day, continuing the sorrowful history.

Your deep heart has longed for the victory of a day, and we are reminded once again of the countless humans who have flowed silently into the unknown world through the history of tears and bloodshed. Among countless humans and nations, you chose the poor Korea and awakened this insignificant child among the chosen nation, training us from our foolish days until the day we recognized the time, allowing us to endure through countless persecutions and ultimately to occupy the glorious position of today. This is all your grace, and we once again praise your holy work.

Father, the countless ancestors in the spirit world and all the prophets and saints who have come and gone bearing the historical sorrow are looking upon this place at this time, waiting for a new historical proclamation. I feel this on January 1, 1979, at midnight, at the Belvedere training center.

This is not a dream; it is reality. This means the rabbit is jumping to escape. (laughter) So you all will start jumping from tomorrow. Then you will receive God's blessings.

Starting from the New Year, the teacher will not be here. I will be wandering around. I will be wandering through England. You all will think, even if I am not here, that I am here, right? "Yes." Moreover, the leaders…. Are all the main leaders gathered? From now on, you all should plan to live for about three years without taking off your clothes or loosening your ties. When you return to your headquarters, clear out all the beds. Clear out the beds and rooms of the leaders, everything. If possible, sleep and pray in the guest room or living room. So that it is cold and hard, and you will think, 'Oh, I hope the day breaks soon. It would be nice to go out.' That's what I want you to do. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." This is what the leaders should do. So, I will not allow the leaders to stay in the New Yorker building either.

Leaders here, since the teacher has said this, do it voluntarily. If you don't, I will make Kamiyama do it. The teacher is still sitting in a chair like this and sleeping a lot. After sending you all away, I often sit up here and sleep like this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Until now, your way of thinking that 'this will work' will not do. If your juniors inherit that tradition, it will be a big problem, a big problem.

From now on, all businesses are side businesses. What is the main business? It is evangelism, evangelism. The time spent evangelizing should exceed the time spent working. Otherwise, can you save the 240 million people in America? Even if it means sacrificing all of you, God's thought is to save America. Therefore, He wants you to sacrifice and endure hardships.

Look. The time is now just like the time when you offered your one and only beloved Jesus on the cross. It is the same. This is not for Reverend Moon, nor for the Unification Church, but for America, the world, and God. For justice…. Is that not a principled statement? "It is a principled statement." Then you must do it, you must.

Now go out and fight proudly
So, since we made a promise, believe it…. Then tomorrow, you will welcome the New Year in God's blessings, and as proud individuals, from now on, if anyone insults you and calls you a Moonie, you must hold them and engage in theoretical struggle. We must become Sunnies from Moonies. Do you understand? If all the American people forget that we are Moonies and can call us Sunnies, then it will be the time when our intentions can spread globally. Therefore, when we advertise this time, we can say, 'Moonies will not end as Moonies but will become Sunnies. From now on, our Unification Church will not remain silent to those who call us Moonies, but will remain silent to those who call us Sunnies.' Just add that one line. (laughter) We must hold onto those who call us Moonies and discuss it theoretically. Ask them why they call us Moonies…. If they admit they were wrong, we should make them call us Sunnies and send them back. (laughter)

I told Bohee. Starting next year, I pointed out who to meet. The reason I have been criticized and chased around in this country until now is that I had no materials, but now I have the materials to argue confidently with anyone and to attack anyone. I have the evidence, the evidence. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

We must go out confidently like this. So from tomorrow, we must leap forward. We must do that. Right? "Yes." Let's raise our hands and swear once more. Stand up, stand up. (shouting, applause) Did you all just turn like this, or did you turn like this? How did you turn? (gesturing) "Both ways." Oh, they probably didn't do that over there. That's good. 

Home Church and the Completion of Heaven
<Prayer> Beloved Heavenly Father, we have just finished the year 1978. Now, the new year of 1979 has arrived for the Unification Church members around the world and all humanity. Reflecting once again on the hard work of our Father who has woven the path of suffering since the Fall, we recall the countless ancestors who failed to fulfill their responsibilities and trampled upon the providential heart, extending the ties of history to this day, continuing the sorrowful history.

Your deep heart has longed for the victory of a day, and we are reminded once again of the countless humans who have flowed silently into the unknown world through the history of tears and bloodshed. Among countless humans and nations, you chose the poor Korea and awakened this insignificant child among the chosen nation, training us from our foolish days until the day we recognized the time, allowing us to endure through countless persecutions and ultimately to occupy the glorious position of today. This is all your grace, and we once again praise your holy work.

Father, the countless ancestors in the spirit world and all the prophets and saints who have come and gone bearing the historical sorrow are looking upon this place at this time, waiting for a new historical proclamation. I feel this on January 1, 1979, at midnight, at the Belvedere training center.

This is not a dream; it is reality. This means the rabbit is jumping to escape. (laughter) So you all will start jumping from tomorrow. Then you will receive God's blessings.

Starting from the New Year, the teacher will not be here. I will be wandering around. I will be wandering through England. You all will think, even if I am not here, that I am here, right? "Yes." Moreover, the leaders…. Are all the main leaders gathered? From now on, you all should plan to live for about three years without taking off your clothes or loosening your ties. When you return to your headquarters, clear out all the beds. Clear out the beds and rooms of the leaders, everything. If possible, sleep and pray in the guest room or living room. So that it is cold and hard, and you will think, 'Oh, I hope the day breaks soon. It would be nice to go out.' That's what I want you to do. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." This is what the leaders should do. So, I will not allow the leaders to stay in the New Yorker building either.

Leaders here, since the teacher has said this, do it voluntarily. If you don't, I will make Kamiyama do it. The teacher is still sitting in a chair like this and sleeping a lot. After sending you all away, I often sit up here and sleep like this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Until now, your way of thinking that 'this will work' will not do. If your juniors inherit that tradition, it will be a big problem, a big problem.

From now on, all businesses are side businesses. What is the main business? It is evangelism, evangelism. The time spent evangelizing should exceed the time spent working. Otherwise, can you save the 240 million people in America? Even if it means sacrificing all of you, God's thought is to save America. Therefore, He wants you to sacrifice and endure hardships.

Look. The time is now just like the time when you offered your one and only beloved Jesus on the cross. It is the same. This is not for Reverend Moon, nor for the Unification Church, but for America, the world, and God. For justice…. Is that not a principled statement? "It is a principled statement." Then you must do it, you must.

Now go out and fight proudly
So, since we made a promise, believe it…. Then tomorrow, you will welcome the New Year in God's blessings, and as proud individuals, from now on, if anyone insults you and calls you a Moonie, you must hold them and engage in theoretical struggle. We must become Sunnies from Moonies. Do you understand? If all the American people forget that we are Moonies and can call us Sunnies, then it will be the time when our intentions can spread globally. Therefore, when we advertise this time, we can say, 'Moonies will not end as Moonies but will become Sunnies. From now on, our Unification Church will not remain silent to those who call us Moonies, but will remain silent to those who call us Sunnies.' Just add that one line. (laughter) We must hold onto those who call us Moonies and discuss it theoretically. Ask them why they call us Moonies…. If they admit they were wrong, we should make them call us Sunnies and send them back. (laughter)

I told Bohee. Starting next year, I pointed out who to meet. The reason I have been criticized and chased around in this country until now is that I had no materials, but now I have the materials to argue confidently with anyone and to attack anyone. I have the evidence, the evidence. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

We must go out confidently like this. So from tomorrow, we must leap forward. We must do that. Right? "Yes." Let's raise our hands and swear once more. Stand up, stand up. (shouting, applause) Did you all just turn like this, or did you turn like this? How did you turn? (gesturing) "Both ways." Oh, they probably didn't do that over there. That's good. 

Home Church and the Completion of Heaven
<Prayer> Beloved Heavenly Father, we have just finished the year 1978. Now, the new year of 1979 has arrived for the Unification Church members around the world and all humanity. Reflecting once again on the hard work of our Father who has woven the path of suffering since the Fall, we recall the countless ancestors who failed to fulfill their responsibilities and trampled upon the providential heart, extending the ties of history to this day, continuing the sorrowful history.

Your deep heart has longed for the victory of a day, and we are reminded once again of the countless humans who have flowed silently into the unknown world through the history of tears and bloodshed. Among countless humans and nations, you chose the poor Korea and awakened this insignificant child among the chosen nation, training us from our foolish days until the day we recognized the time, allowing us to endure through countless persecutions and ultimately to occupy the glorious position of today. This is all your grace, and we once again praise your holy work.

Father, the countless ancestors in the spirit world and all the prophets and saints who have come and gone bearing the historical sorrow are looking upon this place at this time, waiting for a new historical proclamation. I feel this on January 1, 1979, at midnight, at the Belvedere training center.

This is not a dream; it is reality. This means the rabbit is jumping to escape. (laughter) So you all will start jumping from tomorrow. Then you will receive God's blessings.

Starting from the New Year, the teacher will not be here. I will be wandering around. I will be wandering through England. You all will think, even if I am not here, that I am here, right? "Yes." Moreover, the leaders…. Are all the main leaders gathered? From now on, you all should plan to live for about three years without taking off your clothes or loosening your ties. When you return to your headquarters, clear out all the beds. Clear out the beds and rooms of the leaders, everything. If possible, sleep and pray in the guest room or living room. So that it is cold and hard, and you will think, 'Oh, I hope the day breaks soon. It would be nice to go out.' That's what I want you to do. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." This is what the leaders should do. So, I will not allow the leaders to stay in the New Yorker building either.

Leaders here, since the teacher has said this, do it voluntarily. If you don't, I will make Kamiyama do it. The teacher is still sitting in a chair like this and sleeping a lot. After sending you all away, I often sit up here and sleep like this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Until now, your way of thinking that 'this will work' will not do. If your juniors inherit that tradition, it will be a big problem, a big problem.

From now on, all businesses are side businesses. What is the main business? It is evangelism, evangelism. The time spent evangelizing should exceed the time spent working. Otherwise, can you save the 240 million people in America? Even if it means sacrificing all of you, God's thought is to save America. Therefore, He wants you to sacrifice and endure hardships.

Look. The time is now just like the time when you offered your one and only beloved Jesus on the cross. It is the same. This is not for Reverend Moon, nor for the Unification Church, but for America, the world, and God. For justice…. Is that not a principled statement? "It is a principled statement." Then you must do it, you must.

Now go out and fight proudly
So, since we made a promise, believe it…. Then tomorrow, you will welcome the New Year in God's blessings, and as proud individuals, from now on, if anyone insults you and calls you a Moonie, you must hold them and engage in theoretical struggle. We must become Sunnies from Moonies. Do you understand? If all the American people forget that we are Moonies and can call us Sunnies, then it will be the time when our intentions can spread globally. Therefore, when we advertise this time, we can say, 'Moonies will not end as Moonies but will become Sunnies. From now on, our Unification Church will not remain silent to those who call us Moonies, but will remain silent to those who call us Sunnies.' Just add that one line. (laughter) We must hold onto those who call us Moonies and discuss it theoretically. Ask them why they call us Moonies…. If they admit they were wrong, we should make them call us Sunnies and send them back. (laughter)

I told Bohee. Starting next year, I pointed out who to meet. The reason I have been criticized and chased around in this country until now is that I had no materials, but now I have the materials to argue confidently with anyone and to attack anyone. I have the evidence, the evidence. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

We must go out confidently like this. So from tomorrow, we must leap forward. We must do that. Right? "Yes." Let's raise our hands and swear once more. Stand up, stand up. (shouting, applause) Did you all just turn like this, or did you turn like this? How did you turn? (gesturing) "Both ways." Oh, they probably didn't do that over there. That's good. 

Home Church and the Completion of Heaven
<Prayer> Beloved Heavenly Father, we have just finished the year 1978. Now, the new year of 1979 has arrived for the Unification Church members around the world and all humanity. Reflecting once again on the hard work of our Father who has woven the path of suffering since the Fall, we recall the countless ancestors who failed to fulfill their responsibilities and trampled upon the providential heart, extending the ties of history to this day, continuing the sorrowful history.

Your deep heart has longed for the victory of a day, and we are reminded once again of the countless humans who have flowed silently into the unknown world through the history of tears and bloodshed. Among countless humans and nations, you chose the poor Korea and awakened this insignificant child among the chosen nation, training us from our foolish days until the day we recognized the time, allowing us to endure through countless persecutions and ultimately to occupy the glorious position of today. This is all your grace, and we once again praise your holy work.

Father, the countless ancestors in the spirit world and all the prophets and saints who have come and gone bearing the historical sorrow are looking upon this place at this time, waiting for a new historical proclamation. I feel this on January 1, 1979, at midnight, at the Belvedere training center.

This is not a dream; it is reality. This means the rabbit is jumping to escape. (laughter) So you all will start jumping from tomorrow. Then you will receive God's blessings.

Starting from the New Year, the teacher will not be here. I will be wandering around. I will be wandering through England. You all will think, even if I am not here, that I am here, right? "Yes." Moreover, the leaders…. Are all the main leaders gathered? From now on, you all should plan to live for about three years without taking off your clothes or loosening your ties. When you return to your headquarters, clear out all the beds. Clear out the beds and rooms of the leaders, everything. If possible, sleep and pray in the guest room or living room. So that it is cold and hard, and you will think, 'Oh, I hope the day breaks soon. It would be nice to go out.' That's what I want you to do. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." This is what the leaders should do. So, I will not allow the leaders to stay in the New Yorker building either.

Leaders here, since the teacher has said this, do it voluntarily. If you don't, I will make Kamiyama do it. The teacher is still sitting in a chair like this and sleeping a lot. After sending you all away, I often sit up here and sleep like this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Until now, your way of thinking that 'this will work' will not do. If your juniors inherit that tradition, it will be a big problem, a big problem.

From now on, all businesses are side businesses. What is the main business? It is evangelism, evangelism. The time spent evangelizing should exceed the time spent working. Otherwise, can you save the 240 million people in America? Even if it means sacrificing all of you, God's thought is to save America. Therefore, He wants you to sacrifice and endure hardships.

Look. The time is now just like the time when you offered your one and only beloved Jesus on the cross. It is the same. This is not for Reverend Moon, nor for the Unification Church, but for America, the world, and God. For justice…. Is that not a principled statement? "It is a principled statement." Then you must do it, you must.

Now go out and fight proudly
So, since we made a promise, believe it…. Then tomorrow, you will welcome the New Year in God's blessings, and as proud individuals, from now on, if anyone insults you and calls you a Moonie, you must hold them and engage in theoretical struggle. We must become Sunnies from Moonies. Do you understand? If all the American people forget that we are Moonies and can call us Sunnies, then it will be the time when our intentions can spread globally. Therefore, when we advertise this time, we can say, 'Moonies will not end as Moonies but will become Sunnies. From now on, our Unification Church will not remain silent to those who call us Moonies, but will remain silent to those who call us Sunnies.' Just add that one line. (laughter) We must hold onto those who call us Moonies and discuss it theoretically. Ask them why they call us Moonies…. If they admit they were wrong, we should make them call us Sunnies and send them back. (laughter)

I told Bohee. Starting next year, I pointed out who to meet. The reason I have been criticized and chased around in this country until now is that I had no materials, but now I have the materials to argue confidently with anyone and to attack anyone. I have the evidence, the evidence. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

We must go out confidently like this. So from tomorrow, we must leap forward. We must do that. Right? "Yes." Let's raise our hands and swear once more. Stand up, stand up. (shouting, applause) Did you all just turn like this, or did you turn like this? How did you turn? (gesturing) "Both ways." Oh, they probably didn't do that over there. That's good. 

Home Church and the Completion of Heaven
<Prayer> Beloved Heavenly Father, we have just finished the year 1978. Now, the new year of 1979 has arrived for the Unification Church members around the world and all humanity. Reflecting once again on the hard work of our Father who has woven the path of suffering since the Fall, we recall the countless ancestors who failed to fulfill their responsibilities and trampled upon the providential heart, extending the ties of history to this day, continuing the sorrowful history.

Your deep heart has longed for the victory of a day, and we are reminded once again of the countless humans who have flowed silently into the unknown world through the history of tears and bloodshed. Among countless humans and nations, you chose the poor Korea and awakened this insignificant child among the chosen nation, training us from our foolish days until the day we recognized the time, allowing us to endure through countless persecutions and ultimately to occupy the glorious position of today. This is all your grace, and we once again praise your holy work.

Father, the countless ancestors in the spirit world and all the prophets and saints who have come and gone bearing the historical sorrow are looking upon this place at this time, waiting for a new historical proclamation. I feel this on January 1, 1979, at midnight, at the Belvedere training center.

This is not a dream; it is reality. This means the rabbit is jumping to escape. (laughter) So you all will start jumping from tomorrow. Then you will receive God's blessings.

Starting from the New Year, the teacher will not be here. I will be wandering around. I will be wandering through England. You all will think, even if I am not here, that I am here, right? "Yes." Moreover, the leaders…. Are all the main leaders gathered? From now on, you all should plan to live for about three years without taking off your clothes or loosening your ties. When you return to your headquarters, clear out all the beds. Clear out the beds and rooms of the leaders, everything. If possible, sleep and pray in the guest room or living room. So that it is cold and hard, and you will think, 'Oh, I hope the day breaks soon. It would be nice to go out.' That's what I want you to do. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." This is what the leaders should do. So, I will not allow the leaders to stay in the New Yorker building either.

Leaders here, since the teacher has said this, do it voluntarily. If you don't, I will make Kamiyama do it. The teacher is still sitting in a chair like this and sleeping a lot. After sending you all away, I often sit up here and sleep like this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Until now, your way of thinking that 'this will work' will not do. If your juniors inherit that tradition, it will be a big problem, a big problem.

From now on, all businesses are side businesses. What is the main business? It is evangelism, evangelism. The time spent evangelizing should exceed the time spent working. Otherwise, can you save the 240 million people in America? Even if it means sacrificing all of you, God's thought is to save America. Therefore, He wants you to sacrifice and endure hardships.

Look. The time is now just like the time when you offered your one and only beloved Jesus on the cross. It is the same. This is not for Reverend Moon, nor for the Unification Church, but for America, the world, and God. For justice…. Is that not a principled statement? "It is a principled statement." Then you must do it, you must.

Now go out and fight proudly
So, since we made a promise, believe it…. Then tomorrow, you will welcome the New Year in God's blessings, and as proud individuals, from now on, if anyone insults you and calls you a Moonie, you must hold them and engage in theoretical struggle. We must become Sunnies from Moonies. Do you understand? If all the American people forget that we are Moonies and can call us Sunnies, then it will be the time when our intentions can spread globally. Therefore, when we advertise this time, we can say, 'Moonies will not end as Moonies but will become Sunnies. From now on, our Unification Church will not remain silent to those who call us Moonies, but will remain silent to those who call us Sunnies.' Just add that one line. (laughter) We must hold onto those who call us Moonies and discuss it theoretically. Ask them why they call us Moonies…. If they admit they were wrong, we should make them call us Sunnies and send them back. (laughter)

I told Bohee. Starting next year, I pointed out who to meet. The reason I have been criticized and chased around in this country until now is that I had no materials, but now I have the materials to argue confidently with anyone and to attack anyone. I have the evidence, the evidence. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

We must go out confidently like this. So from tomorrow, we must leap forward. We must do that. Right? "Yes." Let's raise our hands and swear once more. Stand up, stand up. (shouting, applause) Did you all just turn like this, or did you turn like this? How did you turn? (gesturing) "Both ways." Oh, they probably didn't do that over there. That's good. 

Home Church and the Completion of Heaven
<Prayer> Beloved Heavenly Father, we have just finished the year 1978. Now, the new year of 1979 has arrived for the Unification Church members around the world and all humanity. Reflecting once again on the hard work of our Father who has woven the path of suffering since the Fall, we recall the countless ancestors who failed to fulfill their responsibilities and trampled upon the providential heart, extending the ties of history to this day, continuing the sorrowful history.

Your deep heart has longed for the victory of a day, and we are reminded once again of the countless humans who have flowed silently into the unknown world through the history of tears and bloodshed. Among countless humans and nations, you chose the poor Korea and awakened this insignificant child among the chosen nation, training us from our foolish days until the day we recognized the time, allowing us to endure through countless persecutions and ultimately to occupy the glorious position of today. This is all your grace, and we once again praise your holy work.

Father, the countless ancestors in the spirit world and all the prophets and saints who have come and gone bearing the historical sorrow are looking upon this place at this time, waiting for a new historical proclamation. I feel this on January 1, 1979, at midnight, at the Belvedere training center.

This is not a dream; it is reality. This means the rabbit is jumping to escape. (laughter) So you all will start jumping from tomorrow. Then you will receive God's blessings.

Starting from the New Year, the teacher will not be here. I will be wandering around. I will be wandering through England. You all will think, even if I am not here, that I am here, right? "Yes." Moreover, the leaders…. Are all the main leaders gathered? From now on, you all should plan to live for about three years without taking off your clothes or loosening your ties. When you return to your headquarters, clear out all the beds. Clear out the beds and rooms of the leaders, everything. If possible, sleep and pray in the guest room or living room. So that it is cold and hard, and you will think, 'Oh, I hope the day breaks soon. It would be nice to go out.' That's what I want you to do. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." This is what the leaders should do. So, I will not allow the leaders to stay in the New Yorker building either.

Leaders here, since the teacher has said this, do it voluntarily. If you don't, I will make Kamiyama do it. The teacher is still sitting in a chair like this and sleeping a lot. After sending you all away, I often sit up here and sleep like this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Until now, your way of thinking that 'this will work' will not do. If your juniors inherit that tradition, it will be a big problem, a big problem.

From now on, all businesses are side businesses. What is the main business? It is evangelism, evangelism. The time spent evangelizing should exceed the time spent working. Otherwise, can you save the 240 million people in America? Even if it means sacrificing all of you, God's thought is to save America. Therefore, He wants you to sacrifice and endure hardships.

Look. The time is now just like the time when you offered your one and only beloved Jesus on the cross. It is the same. This is not for Reverend Moon, nor for the Unification Church, but for America, the world, and God. For justice…. Is that not a principled statement? "It is a principled statement." Then you must do it, you must.

Now go out and fight proudly
So, since we made a promise, believe it…. Then tomorrow, you will welcome the New Year in God's blessings, and as proud individuals, from now on, if anyone insults you and calls you a Moonie, you must hold them and engage in theoretical struggle. We must become Sunnies from Moonies. Do you understand? If all the American people forget that we are Moonies and can call us Sunnies, then it will be the time when our intentions can spread globally. Therefore, when we advertise this time, we can say, 'Moonies will not end as Moonies but will become Sunnies. From now on, our Unification Church will not remain silent to those who call us Moonies, but will remain silent to those who call us Sunnies.' Just add that one line. (laughter) We must hold onto those who call us Moonies and discuss it theoretically. Ask them why they call us Moonies…. If they admit they were wrong, we should make them call us Sunnies and send them back. (laughter)

I told Bohee. Starting next year, I pointed out who to meet. The reason I have been criticized and chased around in this country until now is that I had no materials, but now I have the materials to argue confidently with anyone and to attack anyone. I have the evidence, the evidence. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

We must go out confidently like this. So from tomorrow, we must leap forward. We must do that. Right? "Yes." Let's raise our hands and swear once more. Stand up, stand up. (shouting, applause) Did you all just turn like this, or did you turn like this? How did you turn? (gesturing) "Both ways." Oh, they probably didn't do that over there. That's good. 

Home Church and the Completion of Heaven
<Prayer> Beloved Heavenly Father, we have just finished the year 1978. Now, the new year of 1979 has arrived for the Unification Church members around the world and all humanity. Reflecting once again on the hard work of our Father who has woven the path of suffering since the Fall, we recall the countless ancestors who failed to fulfill their responsibilities and trampled upon the providential heart, extending the ties of history to this day, continuing the sorrowful history.

Your deep heart has longed for the victory of a day, and we are reminded once again of the countless humans who have flowed silently into the unknown world through the history of tears and bloodshed. Among countless humans and nations, you chose the poor Korea and awakened this insignificant child among the chosen nation, training us from our foolish days until the day we recognized the time, allowing us to endure through countless persecutions and ultimately to occupy the glorious position of today. This is all your grace, and we once again praise your holy work.

Father, the countless ancestors in the spirit world and all the prophets and saints who have come and gone bearing the historical sorrow are looking upon this place at this time, waiting for a new historical proclamation. I feel this on January 1, 1979, at midnight, at the Belvedere training center.

This is not a dream; it is reality. This means the rabbit is jumping to escape. (laughter) So you all will start jumping from tomorrow. Then you will receive God's blessings.

Starting from the New Year, the teacher will not be here. I will be wandering around. I will be wandering through England. You all will think, even if I am not here, that I am here, right? "Yes." Moreover, the leaders…. Are all the main leaders gathered? From now on, you all should plan to live for about three years without taking off your clothes or loosening your ties. When you return to your headquarters, clear out all the beds. Clear out the beds and rooms of the leaders, everything. If possible, sleep and pray in the guest room or living room. So that it is cold and hard, and you will think, 'Oh, I hope the day breaks soon. It would be nice to go out.' That's what I want you to do. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." This is what the leaders should do. So, I will not allow the leaders to stay in the New Yorker building either.

Leaders here, since the teacher has said this, do it voluntarily. If you don't, I will make Kamiyama do it. The teacher is still sitting in a chair like this and sleeping a lot. After sending you all away, I often sit up here and sleep like this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Until now, your way of thinking that 'this will work' will not do. If your juniors inherit that tradition, it will be a big problem, a big problem.

From now on, all businesses are side businesses. What is the main business? It is evangelism, evangelism. The time spent evangelizing should exceed the time spent working. Otherwise, can you save the 240 million people in America? Even if it means sacrificing all of you, God's thought is to save America. Therefore, He wants you to sacrifice and endure hardships.

Look. The time is now just like the time when you offered your one and only beloved Jesus on the cross. It is the same. This is not for Reverend Moon, nor for the Unification Church, but for America, the world, and God. For justice…. Is that not a principled statement? "It is a principled statement." Then you must do it, you must.

Now go out and fight proudly
So, since we made a promise, believe it…. Then tomorrow, you will welcome the New Year in God's blessings, and as proud individuals, from now on, if anyone insults you and calls you a Moonie, you must hold them and engage in theoretical struggle. We must become Sunnies from Moonies. Do you understand? If all the American people forget that we are Moonies and can call us Sunnies, then it will be the time when our intentions can spread globally. Therefore, when we advertise this time, we can say, 'Moonies will not end as Moonies but will become Sunnies. From now on, our Unification Church will not remain silent to those who call us Moonies, but will remain silent to those who call us Sunnies.' Just add that one line. (laughter) We must hold onto those who call us Moonies and discuss it theoretically. Ask them why they call us Moonies…. If they admit they were wrong, we should make them call us Sunnies and send them back. (laughter)

I told Bohee. Starting next year, I pointed out who to meet. The reason I have been criticized and chased around in this country until now is that I had no materials, but now I have the materials to argue confidently with anyone and to attack anyone. I have the evidence, the evidence. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

We must go out confidently like this. So from tomorrow, we must leap forward. We must do that. Right? "Yes." Let's raise our hands and swear once more. Stand up, stand up. (shouting, applause) Did you all just turn like this, or did you turn like this? How did you turn? (gesturing) "Both ways." Oh, they probably didn't do that over there. That's good. 

Home Church and the Completion of Heaven
<Prayer> Beloved Heavenly Father, we have just finished the year 1978. Now, the new year of 1979 has arrived for the Unification Church members around the world and all humanity. Reflecting once again on the hard work of our Father who has woven the path of suffering since the Fall, we recall the countless ancestors who failed to fulfill their responsibilities and trampled upon the providential heart, extending the ties of history to this day, continuing the sorrowful history.

Your deep heart has longed for the victory of a day, and we are reminded once again of the countless humans who have flowed silently into the unknown world through the history of tears and bloodshed. Among countless humans and nations, you chose the poor Korea and awakened this insignificant child among the chosen nation, training us from our foolish days until the day we recognized the time, allowing us to endure through countless persecutions and ultimately to occupy the glorious position of today. This is all your grace, and we once again praise your holy work.

Father, the countless ancestors in the spirit world and all the prophets and saints who have come and gone bearing the historical sorrow are looking upon this place at this time, waiting for a new historical proclamation. I feel this on January 1, 1979, at midnight, at the Belvedere training center.

This is not a dream; it is reality. This means the rabbit is jumping to escape. (laughter) So you all will start jumping from tomorrow. Then you will receive God's blessings.

Starting from the New Year, the teacher will not be here. I will be wandering around. I will be wandering through England. You all will think, even if I am not here, that I am here, right? "Yes." Moreover, the leaders…. Are all the main leaders gathered? From now on, you all should plan to live for about three years without taking off your clothes or loosening your ties. When you return to your headquarters, clear out all the beds. Clear out the beds and rooms of the leaders, everything. If possible, sleep and pray in the guest room or living room. So that it is cold and hard, and you will think, 'Oh, I hope the day breaks soon. It would be nice to go out.' That's what I want you to do. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." This is what the leaders should do. So, I will not allow the leaders to stay in the New Yorker building either.

Leaders here, since the teacher has said this, do it voluntarily. If you don't, I will make Kamiyama do it. The teacher is still sitting in a chair like this and sleeping a lot. After sending you all away, I often sit up here and sleep like this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Until now, your way of thinking that 'this will work' will not do. If your juniors inherit that tradition, it will be a big problem, a big problem.

From now on, all businesses are side businesses. What is the main business? It is evangelism, evangelism. The time spent evangelizing should exceed the time spent working. Otherwise, can you save the 240 million people in America? Even if it means sacrificing all of you, God's thought is to save America. Therefore, He wants you to sacrifice and endure hardships.

Look. The time is now just like the time when you offered your one and only beloved Jesus on the cross. It is the same. This is not for Reverend Moon, nor for the Unification Church, but for America, the world, and God. For justice…. Is that not a
(center beam; 중심 대들보) refers to this. Therefore, without God, the entire universe would collapse. Our religion is seen as the foundation of providence for building a new house in the universe, so even if we prepare the ground, erect the pillars, and have everything in place, if we do not place this center beam, nothing will be accomplished.

Then, this home church originally signifies that its origin is in the Garden of Eden, where Adam's family, centered on God, completely loved each other and became one. This is undoubtedly true. Because of love... Thus, the home church began, leading to the home nation church, and this would have become a world with the ideal of a family expanded into a single world church, as taught in the principles.

So, today, the Unification Church can claim the title of home church in history, and the fact that we can establish this is an extremely important matter before God, before humanity, and before the whole. If there had been no fall, centered on God, Adam and Eve would have lived their lives in love, giving birth to sons and daughters, and when their earthly life ended, Adam and Eve would have entered the spirit world, followed by their descendants. Then, all their bloodline would have been centered on Adam and Eve, destined to go to heaven. If that had happened, the traditions left by Adam and Eve would have become the standard of life, dictating how to live personally, how to live as a family, and how to live in tribal and national contexts, expanding globally.

However, this did not happen. Because of the fall, everything was shattered. Since they fell, restoration must occur in reverse. Adam and Eve fell, Cain and Abel fell, and the archangel fell. The fall of Adam and Eve brought about this result. Therefore, when God carries out the providence of salvation, it would be nice to do it all at once, but before even starting the providence of salvation, this world had already become the world of Satan.

So, within this, God is selecting true people. He is extracting true people. Since this world is entirely on the side of Satan, He is extracting those who can be on God's side. The chosen person, established as a central being, must become one with the angelic world. Thus, these two must unite to subjugate the external world that has not been chosen, and according to that jurisdiction, the internal foundation expands to God's side. In this relationship, the principle of Cain and Abel, as taught in our Unification Church, applies to the chosen person and the people of the Satanic world.

The Cain position is on the side of the world, and the Abel position is on the side of the chosen. They meet as representatives. They become one line. Individuals are divided into body and mind, families into two factions, tribes into two factions, nations into two factions, and the world into two factions, ultimately dividing into the world of God and the world of hell.

Now, what time is it? It is a time when the external and internal are completely separated, a time when the internal and external clash completely, determining life and death, a time when the democratic world and the communist world, materialistic thought and idealistic thought are in conflict. Thus, if you follow the world, you will be drawn into the world of Satan, and if you deny the world and delve deeply into that religion, you will be drawn toward heaven.

Heaven and hell are determined by the self standing on that boundary line.

Then, in this battle between good and evil, who is the focal point of this struggle? Who is it? "It is the Unification Church." Before the Unification Church, there were chosen and unchosen people, and there is both mind and body. So, who is at the forefront? It is 'me.' From that position, standing in the place representing the chosen people from around the world is the religious movement, and it is the way to earnestly honor God.

Then, where do the patriots of God's nation and the loyal subjects of God appear? Do you understand? "The body attacks me," you say? The body attacks. When the body says, "Do this, do that!" the mind must respond, "Oh!" and subdue this thing. Therefore, there must be a fight between the visible eyes and the invisible eyes, the visible ears and the invisible ears, the visible hands and the invisible hands, that is, a fight between the visible self and the invisible self. You must understand this. (Applause) Therefore, when you go out dancing and singing or drinking somewhere and think, "Oh, that’s good!" that is the body. Isn't that right? (Laughter) The mind says, "No, that’s not right."

So, everything that comes into these five senses is like a machine gun firing. It is firing from within. It is like shooting a gun. It is an attack. You must block the incoming attacks with your mind. If you cannot block it (acting while speaking) (laughter), the invisible targets of the Satanic world are filling society. Therefore, when you first start religious life, you must completely deny everything, saying, "Do not go! Do not get close!"

You are the start point for going to heaven or hell, the start point. Therefore, if your feet and body go where they want, you will be dragged to hell, and if you go this way, you will go to heaven. It is a game. It is back and forth. That is your life. (Laughter) Is that true for you? "Yes." That is a principled fact.

Thus, this world desires good teachers, good parents. You must understand this. If there had been no fall, who would be the best parent? It is God. Who would be the best teacher? It is God. Therefore, in everything, it is so. Love is abundant, and knowledge is abundant, so who can lead? Satan tries to take all the young people, saying, "Go to Harvard!" Then, "Let’s find someone to love!" Is that all? That American-style love is surely what Satan promotes.

So, what does God want to teach humanity? He wants to teach that He is the true teacher and that He is the true parent. There is nothing beyond that. The fall of humanity occurred due to ignorance. It happened because they did not know. It was due to ignorance that they fell. You must understand this. What is the fall? It is the desire to love oneself. Because they demanded love centered on themselves, they fell. What is the position of those who have not fallen? It is the position of wanting to love centered on God. That is different.

When one gains knowledge in the world, that knowledge becomes the means to expand the world centered on oneself, and through that knowledge, one reaches the conclusion of seeking the path of love centered on oneself globally. As they go along, if it becomes beneficial to them, they will even violate their own known path to change the path of their love globally centered on themselves. Therefore, people in the world on the side of Satan sell their knowledge for their own benefit, and for their own personal gain, they sell love as well. Do you understand?

But what about the path on God's side? It is the opposite. When one possesses heavenly knowledge, they become a person centered not on themselves but on the world and the universe. Therefore, for the whole, they are always sold out. For the whole, they are sold out. Also, for the love of the whole, they always sell themselves. This jurisdiction centers on the fate of the boundary line between the Satanic world and the heavenly world, hell and heaven, which is determined by you.

How do you determine whether you are a good person or an evil person? It is by whether you are an individualistic being or a public being... Are you a good person or an evil person? "I am a good person." Why, how are you a good person? What is a good person? The knowledge and love that a good person possesses are all God's. The things of heaven do not go back and forth.

So today, the standard of human morality is set here. A good person is one who sacrifices for others, and an evil person is one who exploits others. This is how the standard of education is set. Isn't that true for America? America also does this, right? Why have Americans become individualistic in such an education? That is the problem.

Therefore, from a public standpoint, based on that truth, God has been steadily working without rest to establish public individuals, public families, public tribes, public nations, and a public world in relation to the Satanic world.

What has religion been until now? It has been about sacrificing and serving, all about sacrifice. What is that sacrifice for? It is for salvation, but that is wrong. That is wrong. What I am doing is for the liberation of God and humanity. They did not know that. It is not about working for myself, but working for God and humanity. The purpose is different. Therefore, today’s religious people must clearly understand that the starting point of whether it concludes as an evil religion or a good religion lies here.

This time, someone like Jim Johnson... If a leader is a true public leader, would they try to kill many people? For their followers, they should say they will die as a representative for the whole, but instead, they said, "I will kill them all!" That is completely different from the thought of Jesus. That is a Satanic church.

So, what should true religion teach? It should teach what God truly likes and how humanity can be liked and saved. Is it easy for God to carry out the providence of salvation until now? It is not easy to save the fallen people of this evil land. It is extremely difficult and painful, but the suffering is not for oneself. It is for the liberation of humanity. The starting point is different.

If God were to think selfishly, like a businessman considering profit, would He continue the providence of salvation to find these twelve or ten humans? He would have already wiped them all out. The reason He does not is love, because of love. Originally, God's ideal of creation is to eternally care for humanity, and that thought cannot be denied even if humanity has fallen. It cannot be discarded. That is why He is God. Do you understand? "Yes."

Today, among American youth, there is no standard of what is good and evil, what is on the side of Satan and what is on the side of heaven. Then, is there a religion among religions that aims to save the world and liberate God? If there is, that is the highest religion. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

When comparing numerous religions from this principled perspective, today’s Christianity has become a Christianity for Christianity's sake, but it cannot become a Christianity for the world. Christianity welcomes God as a God for its own side but dislikes Him becoming the God of all humanity. Since this does not align with God's concept, in the end, Christianity will surely be cast away by God.

In this light, fighting over Methodism, Holiness Church, Catholicism, is like pigs in a pen fighting while facing each other and defecating. (Imitating. Laughter) Therefore, the fighting churches will perish! If God exists, such churches must perish. Christianity will perish, Buddhism will perish, and all will perish.

Now, if Christianity and religion perish, what will happen to the external world? If America cannot become America for the world and instead uses the world for itself, America will perish. Whether it perishes or not, whether what I say and what I know is true or false can be seen. One hundred percent, it all matches. The goal is the world. China and the Soviet Union could not become global communist nations and fell into Slavic and Chinese communism. That too will perish. They could not transcend the nation. They could not transcend the ethnic barrier. Is that right or not? "Yes."

In this light, if today’s religious people around the world unite and say, "Let’s sacrifice our sects to liberate all humanity," would God be pleased? Would He support it or not? What would He do? "He would be pleased." How pleased would He be? "Very pleased." God's whole being would rejoice. (Laughter)

The Unification Church must sacrifice itself to save the world. 

Despite being a theoretical religion, the Unification Church is opposed by those who are less than nothing, saying it is a heresy and criticizing Reverend Moon. So, is the Unification Church a good place or a bad place? "It is a good place." Why is it good? What did I say makes it good? "Because of True Parents." Reverend Moon of the Unification Church is sacrificing you all, intending to save the world by sacrificing everyone who comes into the Unification Church, no matter what difficulties arise. (Cheers. Applause)

Do Unification Church members have five senses or not? "They do." Does Reverend Moon have five senses or not? "He does." Would Reverend Moon's brain be bad or not? "It is good." What is a good brain? "It is for God." Reverend Moon lives for God and humanity. Then, is Reverend Moon's sense, the sense of the Unification Church, bad or good? "It is good." Does he file lawsuits while being opposed, or does he not? In the past, it would have been good to file lawsuits, but why has he endured until now and is now filing lawsuits and causing a stir? In the past, it was said not to do it, but now it is said to do it. (Applause) It is not Reverend Moon acting on his own; it is all the people who know the Unification Church saying, "Why not do it? Do it for the world!" and heaven is saying, "Why not do it? Do it." That is why it is done. (Applause) We do not have time. If we keep talking like this, we could go on all day. (Cheers. Applause)

In practical terms, to establish the ideological standards to prepare the central path in all objective aspects is inevitable. So, is Reverend Moon a powerful person or a powerless person? "He is a powerful person." When he was in high school, he was the champion of the entire school. He was good at soccer and did not fail at any sport. When I was young, I never lost a fight. I never came home crying after being beaten in a physical fight. (Applause) 

People, even high school students and elementary school students, say, "Reverend Moon is a bad guy!" and criticize Reverend Moon, and even beggars say, "Reverend Moon, huh!"
"Hey! Hey!" they say. High school students, middle school students, elementary school students, even little kids with runny noses... This cannot be allowed. It just can't be. So, gathering the materials to see who did well—from the National Assembly to the Ministry of National Defense, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, all of them—this is what we have come to. (Applause) That's right.

God is also gathering materials to see how evil Satan has been until now. How evil is Satan? It is gathering materials to understand how wicked the world of Satan is. (Applause) Isn't that so? Can a judge suddenly say to a sinner, "Hey! I'm the judge, come here!" and without any materials say, "You rascal! You worthless child!"? "You did this and that, so you have to die." Then the sinner would say, "Yes, that's right, that's right." At that moment, kick! Now, Satan himself cannot resist the judge, and all the spirits in hell following Satan cannot resist either; they all say, "That's right." Waiting until that time is what the great judge does, the great judge. "You are an American citizen, you did this to the lowest worker, sometimes you did this, and you worked in this field." With all that material, we must open a public court gathering the materials from families, tribes, nations, and the whole world. How complicated would the materials be for individuals, families, tribes, and countless nations? In any country, Satan must set conditions where he cannot say, "That's not true!" 

Then, is it a great judge or a foolish judge? "It is a great judge."

It may take a long time. Even if it takes tens of thousands or millions of years, there will not be a single person to resist. Have you thought about that? "Yes." Well, then, do we need Reverend Moon? (Laughter) That's how it is.

The Unification Church that should educate and love humanity in place of God

What is the Unification Church? Because it stands out, everyone opposes it. The whole world opposes it. Black people oppose it, yellow people oppose it, and even those in Africa oppose it; everyone opposes it. The United States, you see, is a comprehensive country. It is like a hybrid corporation. If I come and face opposition, since people from all over the world are here, if I make a fuss here, it will reflect and the whole world will oppose it, and the external world will rise up for no reason, saying, "Reverend Moon is a villain! Worse than the mafia, worse than gangs. Worse than Stalin." (Laughter) The worst hat in the world has been placed on me. Right? "Yes." So, I told them to look at me. I thought I would fall, but I didn't fall. Coming to the lion's den, a kitten looks around like this. (Laughter) That's what is happening now.

As a result, what Reverend Moon does is take away the sons and daughters of those who opposed him. That must hurt, right? (Cheers, applause) So, the sons and daughters say, "I don't need my mom and dad in the lion's world. I like Reverend Moon, even if it's a cat." (Applause) That cat is not an incompetent cat. It is so capable that it flies around. Even the lion cannot move. That's how it turned out. You must understand how satirical and ironic that fact is. That's the fun of it. Doesn't it feel bad to hear such things? The Unification Church, well, we are a white church... (Laughter) You must understand that the love for black people is deeper than the love for white people. The love for black people is even deeper. So how wonderful would that be? (Applause)

Finding the hometown and the homeland

Our Unification Church members are being called "Moonies." And now they are making a fuss about the True Parents and whatnot. The True Parents, True Children, and True Ideals you are talking about are not easy words. They are extremely difficult words. Finding the true truth is exceedingly hard. Finding the essence of truth is even harder than simply finding the truth.

A true person who is determined to walk the path of truth until the end, despite difficulties, is a true person. When you go to a library, you will find many books there. Those books are written by people who have their own thoughts and ideals. No one thinks that what they wrote is not close to the truth. However, even if they wrote it, it does not mean that it has become a reality. It is all just ideals. We realize that there is a distance between the future and the present.

When an expert in any field draws and writes their ideals, it is extremely difficult to realize that in one field, so how vast and difficult is it to realize one ideal, one world of ideals, one heaven of ideals? 

To attach the word "true" to a true person or a true family, you must understand that it cannot be established without a tremendous cost of sacrifice and effort. It is that difficult for one true person to emerge. The word "true" cannot be established with just the background recognized by human beings in the human world. If there is a heavenly kingdom and God exists, then that heavenly kingdom must recognize it, and the sovereign of that kingdom must acknowledge it.

Among the people who have come and gone in the history of humanity, we see that the title of selecting true people among the world has been given to the sages. We see that all those sages have become religious leaders and central figures. The leaders of religions, the central beings have become sages.

For example, figures like Buddha, Confucius, Muhammad, and Jesus—how did they come to be called saints? It was not that they were given the name of a saint at that time. It was through history, over all historical eras... For all humanity, it is not just one nation or one tribe. It is through the rights established on a multi-ethnic, transnational basis that they were automatically given the name of a saint.

Did those figures practice what they dreamed of and idealized at that time? They did not fulfill it and left. Their scriptures or holy texts...
Even if we look at the scriptures, everything left behind centered around the Bible is what they claim and what God claims, but who has practiced it? They could not practice it. If that person went to the Kingdom of God, if they are in the spiritual world, God is there, and those people are there. And on earth, there are believers who follow and serve those people. There are believers.

So, what kind of people are true Christians, true Buddhists, and true Muslims? Those who stand in a position to practice all the teachings of the scriptures taught by the saints, all the teachings given by Jesus can be called true believers.

Then, how many true Christian believers are there? Let's get into the practical issue now. There are countless theologians, countless educators, countless religious people on this earth, and there are many believers, but who are the true religious people, who are the true Christians? There is only one true follower. Do you think so? There can only be one, only one. Do you see it that way? "Yes." There cannot be two truths.

If we assume that "today this earth is a land of sin, a wicked world," if there is a true person in this wicked world, he is the enemy of the extremely wicked world. Wouldn't that be the case? "Yes." How much would they hate and consider him an enemy? 180 degrees enemy, 180 degrees.

Then, what would be the definition or content by which we can reasonably choose a true person among religions? Would it be someone who stands in a glorious position and is respected by many, or would it be someone who, despite being insulted, stands at the forefront to do what no one else would do, working hard day and night to suffer in that country and in the world? "Someone who suffers and is persecuted."

When a professor is said to be a true person, does the statement that he cannot do so due to his profession or prestige hold true? "No." If a king or a president were a true Christian, would he say, "Ah! I am the president, but can I do what an ordinary believer does? A king must maintain his dignity and authority; can he do that?" Would that hold true? "No." A person who cannot do so due to face, prestige, authority, or circumstances cannot be considered true. Once you start running, you must break through, whether it be mountains or fields. You cannot say, "Let's go back." You must keep going.

There are many paths. There are paths that go down... There are many paths. But is this the true path? (Speaking while writing) What is the true path? "The straight way." Why? Why is it the straight way? Because the straight path is the closest. So this is the truth, the truth. When we talk about paths, what is the true path? It is the straightest path. This is the truest path.

The true path is the straight path, the right path. Also, the true word is the right word, the right word. It is not a twisted word. It is a straight word. When we say someone speaks the right word, what do we say here? Is there such a saying? In Korean, there is a saying, "That person speaks the right word." The right word is not a twisted word. Do you like speaking the right word? Do you like hearing it and saying it? Let's ask. I can't believe it. (Laughter) When someone speaks the right word, "Phew..." (Laughter) And when someone else speaks the right word, "Oh dear," doesn't everyone feel that way?

Raise your hand if you are someone who always speaks the right word, someone who likes to hear the right word. Oh! That's all a lie, a lie. You are all liars. (Laughter) When someone says, "You fool," do you like it? Do you like it when someone says, "You fool!"? "Yes." Raise your hand if you like it. (Cheers) What is there to like? They spit at the door and call you a fool. Then you think, "Why did I become a fool? Why did I end up like this? What is this, what is this? What is this nonsense, what is this evangelism, what is this home church?" Don't you? "No." If you dislike it, then you are not a true fool. You should say, "I am a fool! What are you going to do about it?" (Applause)

Fools, whether in Korea or America, wherever they go, they should boldly say, "Open the door." If the true fool walks that way, it should be a path where they can play around while going, that's how it should be seen. A fool should go back to their hometown and proudly say in front of their parents, "I am a fool. Mother, Father, listen to me." They should be able to assert that and bend it. (Applause)

That being said, the leader of the Unification Church is Reverend Moon. Isn't that right? (Cheers, Applause) If I were fake, you shouldn't listen to me. If I am true and you listen to me, should you do as the true one says or not? "You should." If you wag your tail, that means you are less of a fool. (Acting while speaking, laughter) If you wag your tail... Is this a true fool? "No." A true fool does not wag their tail or their head. This is how different it is. What is a true fool? (Acting)

When we think about it like this, what is the worst religion and the best religion among religions in this wicked world? What is the true religion and the worst religion? There is a religion that says, "I believe and will be saved," and there is a religion that says, "I believe and will save the world." But which one is true? "The religion that says it will save the world." Then, is the Unification Church a true religion or a fake religion? Is it a bad religion or a good religion? What category does it fall into? "It is a true religion." Then it is not a bad religion! Because it is a fool, they say it is good. Is that the truth? "Yes."

Do fools look at their faces after eating breakfast in the morning, checking if they are well-dressed, or do they look at the world? Regardless of how their clothes are or how their faces are, do they look at the world? What do they look at? (Laughter) What is it? "They look at the world." While others are putting things on their nails, putting things on their lips, trying to live well with their children, fools suffer and cannot live well, do not even know how to put on makeup, walk around being insulted, and do not get disappointed even when insulted... What is this? (Applause)

I will secretly raid the house of a girl living as a fool at night to see how she lives. Surely, it will be messy and unclean, all of it. That’s how I see it. "No." There may not be anyone here who doesn’t do that, but I bet they just throw their worn-out panties everywhere. (Laughter) "That’s not true." There may be no one who doesn’t do that, but they forget their homes while fighting 24 hours a day, forget where to sleep, and anyway, they are so pressed for time that they don’t have time to clean or take care of themselves, so they run around and live in a smelly way. Among those who go in and think they should clean up and wash their faces and tidy everything up before going out, which person is better? Which one is closer to the truth? "The first one." Do you know this? Is it true? What is it? "The first one." That is the true fool. It is said to be closest to the true fool. (Laughter, Applause)

If they don’t even have time to buy clothes or wash their faces and live like that, being a fool who dedicates 100 percent or 200 percent of themselves, that beggar-like fool and a slick, well-groomed fool, which one is closer to the truth? What do you think? When God sees it, will He say, "Hey, this fool stinks. Phew, phew, phew." or will He say, "Hmm, hmm"? What will He do? (Laughter) So when He sees a slick fool who wears perfume, He will say, "Phew, phew!" 

That is how God is. "You stink. Get out, get out. Come here, come here." That is not God. That is a fake God. If there are people who believe they will live and people who believe they will die, which person is closer to the truth? Who is it? "The second one." The first one? "No." What is that? Does that work? "No."

So the Bible says, "Those who seek to save their lives will lose them, and those who lose their lives will save them." That is what it means. It’s simple. Is that right? "Yes."

Among the young men and women, there are those who say, "Even if I don’t get married, I will obey," and those who say, "I will get married and obey," and those who say, "I don’t care about marriage or anything, I don’t need to obey." Which one is true? It cannot be over 30; it can be, which one is it? "Marriage?" Right, if there is someone who got married at 30 and someone who says it’s fine to get married at 30 or 40, which person is closer to the truth? And among those who are 40, if one says, "I can be fine without marriage," and another says, "No, I have to get married," which is better? Which do you prefer? The first, the second, or the last? "The second." The last? I can’t believe it. (Laughter) That’s a lie, a lie. You are all liars. (Laughter) You will say, "My heart is like this, but my mouth says that." "No!" Then are you a true person? "Yes!"

Then what kind of person is a patriot in America? What kind of person is a patriot? Is it someone who thinks it’s good to take drugs, dance, and drink, or is it someone who goes to the brothel, holds those people, cares for them, and cries for them? Look at it. If there is someone who goes to the brothel and holds them all, shedding tears of repentance, trying to save them... Which one is a patriot? 

In this world where everyone is taking drugs and engaging in all sorts of sex, they deny all that and try to catch them all and stop them, sacrificing for them, trying to eliminate all of it. Parents teach young people to date, holding hands and going around, while teachers say, "That’s not allowed. This country will perish." "Women should go east, and men should go west, and they shouldn’t even look at each other or meet." Which one is more of a patriot? "The second one."

That’s why Reverend Moon is criticized. Because of such actions... That’s why the Unification Church is criticized. Young people all criticize it, and their parents criticize it... They all criticize the teacher. You are following along now, but in your hearts, you have complaints, right? "I wish I could have married the girl I loved and dated in the past, rather than someone from the Unification Church. I wish the teacher would help me marry that girl. But this Unification Church doesn’t allow that. Oh, I don’t like it." You would think that. If you listen to that and do everything accordingly, it will not be a true Unification Church. It must be cleaned up.

If there is a string attached, should we cut it or not? We must cut it and start anew. If you walk around with a string attached and pull it, everything gets dragged along. But you are all tightly wound up, and if you pull it chaotically... That’s how it is. If you think about kissing and such from the old world, it should feel unpleasant. It should be to the point where you can’t sleep because it feels so bad. Otherwise, it will be all mixed up.

What kind of fool are you? Think about it. Think about such things. What is it? Older women think, "I wish I had married that man who proposed to me back then; now I don’t know who among the fools I will marry..." Do they think like that? "Ah! What God decides is the best." Do they think like that? How is it? "It is so." (Applause)

What do people like the most? They all like fakes. That’s why the truth does not come straight. It comes backward. If a person comes backward, they may look handsome, but they are disabled. But even among the disabled, there are those who come backward. It’s not that they are disabled, but they come backward. When a person comes, they don’t walk straight; they come backward like this. They walk on their hands instead of their feet, and their feet are in the air. Would you welcome that? Would you welcome it? "Yes." That person is not disabled. If they were truly disabled, would you welcome such a disabled person? "Yes." Then when they try to get married and go to the wedding hall, if they are happy to do so with such a person, the wedding march will go... It’s wonderful. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

So the Bible says, "Those who seek to save their lives will lose them..." What does this mean? It means those who say they will perish will succeed, and those who say they will succeed will perish. Those who think they are ugly are actually beautiful, and those who think they are beautiful are actually ugly. Those who want to live a hard life will become rich, and those who want to become rich will live a hard life. If I think I am the last in school, because I am the last, if I work hard, I will become first. Isn’t that right? This is the truth. It is true.

Reverend Moon was willing to marry any woman. For the purpose, he said it was fine, and if someone welcomed him 100 percent, even the ugliest person would be fine. That’s why he got the best mother. (Cheers, Applause) The mother said she didn’t know how she ended up marrying the teacher. She said she couldn’t escape. Something had captivated her. Something was pulling her in... It all looked good to her. 

True love bears fruit through suffering and sacrifice. 

That’s why I say, "The young people of the Unification Church should suffer greatly. They should suffer." (Laughter) I tell them to die. Then they say, "Let’s do it. Let’s do it," as if they were waiting for something.

There are about 300 people gathered here. If I hit all of them, they will go, and among them, if a disabled cousin comes out and says, "Everyone must have left. I am the only one left," can God or the teacher do anything? They can call and say, "You are the only one left," and then give a lesson, a lesson. They are a new pioneer. These people are all greedy and not true but fake, so they say, "You are the only true one." They don’t even open their hands, but they give it away. When they strongly urge to do home church, if everyone leaves and only one person is left, that person who walks the path of home church will become a representative of blessing.

In writing the history of the Kingdom of Heaven... Even if thousands of Unification Church fools pack their bags and leave, if only two people, a man and a woman, remain, and they are like fools, then those people will inherit God’s tradition, and God will bless them. That history... God will create a foundation like the rock of home church centered around you.
to become the heirs of God's love. This is the true essence of being True Parents. 

You must understand that the path of sacrifice is the path that leads to true love. True love is not just about comfort and ease; it is about enduring hardships for the sake of others. This is the foundation of the Unification Church's teachings. 

In this world, we often see people who claim to love but do not understand the depth of that love. True love requires sacrifice, and it is through this sacrifice that we can find our true homeland and nation. 

The reality today is that many people do not have a true homeland or nation. They wander without direction, searching for meaning and purpose. The Unification Church offers a path that leads to the discovery of that true homeland, a place where love and sacrifice intersect.

As we pursue this path, we must remember that our actions have consequences. The sacrifices we make today will pave the way for future generations. We must not only think of ourselves but also of those who will come after us. 

In conclusion, the journey to find our true homeland and nation is not an easy one. It requires dedication, sacrifice, and a deep understanding of what it means to love truly. The Unification Church stands as a beacon of hope for those seeking to fulfill this mission. Let us continue to strive for that goal together.
It will make it possible for you to receive. Are you going to liberate God? If so, that would be the most wonderful thing in history. You must go to the point where your backs are bent like this. Even if you are bent, you must straighten up and continue. Everyone, this is not an easy task. It’s not just about receiving blessings, living well, and going to heaven. It’s about creating heaven on earth.

Therefore, the teacher is willing to give up everything precious. I will throw away myself like a rag, throw away my wife and children like rags, and throw away my parents, relatives, and country like rags. I am going to a place of death… Nowadays, blessed families are saying they have given birth to children, but I say to leave everything behind. Just because you have given birth to a child, does that mean God will be liberated and the world will be liberated? If the world hasn't been liberated, I must shed blood, sweat, and tears for liberation to receive the benefits of the right to liberation. Our hometown is not a place where Satan can invade and slander; it is a place where the peaceful kingdom is established on this earth. We must understand that this land must become such a hometown.

America, prepared to establish God's hometown and homeland
Our homeland is one country, one country. We are seeking a hometown within that one country. There is no country where God can be present, where God can be with us, where we can say it is a homeland that bears God's name. It is not Moscow, nor Washington. There is none. We must seek the treasure to establish such a homeland and hometown. (Applause)

Look. If we see the possibility, it means that America is fully prepared to act according to God's will. America has become a comprehensive nation of the world, more so than Korea, Japan, or any other Asian country, and it is a well-prepared nation centered on Christian faith to prepare for the ideal of the Second Coming. It is a nation that believes well. That is why I come to America and engage in this work. I put all my sincerity into this country because I know what God has prepared.

Look. You must understand that I have spent more money and put more effort into America than I did in Korea, Japan, or Asia. While I was in Korea, I did not say a word for about thirty years in public. However, since coming to America, I have been giving public speeches. Why? Because America represents the world, it represents Christianity. It was God's responsibility and the teacher's responsibility to declare in front of a nation that represents Christianity. (Applause)

Yet, looking at what the U.S. State Department and Congress have done today, it seems they have done everything possible to try to kill me. Even now, they are trying to expel me. Everything that could lead to ruin or expulsion has passed. Now, no matter where I go, whether I abandon America or not, I have laid the foundation to fulfill my purpose. (Applause)

The only hope to find our hometown and homeland is the Unification Church
Originally, the hometown that God allowed humanity is one place, one place. That place was where the family of Adam lived. So, who is the owner of that hometown? It is God, God. And who is the owner of the hometown? It is the True Parents centered on God at that time. If Adam and Eve had not fallen, they would have become True Parents in that era and would have been one with God. Therefore, the starting point centered on the love of True Parents would have become the hometown of humanity.

If that had been the case, the father and mother would have become one, and they would have been completely one with God, and the sons and daughters would have been completely one. But it turned out the opposite. Due to the fall, Eve seduced Adam, leading both to death, and Cain killed his brother Abel, turning that place into a battlefield. Thus, we started from false parents. We began from a false hometown. A false nation was established. A false world was created.

Because the world became one ruled by Satan, whenever heavenly workers who want to find their hometown come here, they are all killed. That is why it has become normal for religions to be persecuted. Until now, from the wandering Abraham to Jacob, Moses, Jesus, the Israelite people, and Christianity, everyone has become a wanderer. They die, perish, and are sacrificed because they have no homeland. They come seeking the truth…

Reverend Moon and the Unification Church are now being persecuted. They are being persecuted. Where will they put their feet, where? Therefore, we must quickly become brothers. Even those in the world of Satan are, in essence, brothers, brothers. They are younger siblings, older brothers, and sisters. That is why I say, "Satan, if you move for 24 hours, I will move for 25 hours." You must have this mindset to reclaim what was taken. "If you hate, I will confront you with love." This is how it must be. (Applause) It is astonishing.

So what is God's grief? Hometown! What is Jesus' grief? Hometown! What is the wish of countless righteous people? Hometown! After that, it is to find the homeland, and you must understand this. This is the hope of humanity and the hope of religious people. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

All religions are collapsing, and this democratic world is collapsing, now being completely taken over by communism, turning into a mess. At this time, who can guarantee the hometown and the homeland? God's hope cannot help but dwell in this world, and all the saints, including Jesus and the saints who prepared religions, and all spirits in the spiritual world, and all people who believe in religion today cannot help but pay attention. They all say, "Do well! Do well! Do well!" (Applause)

Until now, we did not know how to find our hometown. How can we achieve it? Do you know? "Yes." What is it? What do you do? "Home church." What does it mean to become a tribal Messiah for you? It means to become True Parents, True Parents. So, those who are here must say "thank you" even if Reverend Moon of the Unification Church makes you suffer to the point of death. If you suffer to the point of death, there are blessings from heaven a hundredfold, a thousandfold, and if you create an environment that endures that suffering, the homeland will be automatically established. (Applause) You must understand that.

That is why I must advance further than any filial son or loyal subject of any historical era, further than any historical saint. I must go further. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." We must inherit this tradition. Reverend Moon sends you first to the place of global sacrifice, giving you love that does not exist in the world and blessing you. (Applause) You must clearly understand this tradition. Just as you do not complain about being made to do this, you must sacrifice with tears and blood so that when you call upon someone in need, they will not complain. Sacrifice! Be a servant!

From here, the bridge is laid. From here, the bridge of the individual, the bridge of the family, the bridge of the tribe, the bridge of the nation, and the bridge of the country will connect to the bridge of heaven. You must say, "I will create a home church and lay at least one bridge to the world while I am alive. If we want to own the world, we must work harder and suffer more here." (Applause) The five colors of races become one, become one brother, and we engage in this work.

Currently, there is no organization like the Unification Church in the world. Throughout history, the only person who has laid the foundation for a global movement is Reverend Moon. Look. You have revolutionized the church, revolutionized the national perspective, and revolutionized the worldview. You have even revolutionized love. You have revolutionized the concept of God and everything. Is that right? "Yes."

The value of yourselves, which is greater than that of any great sage, cannot be exchanged for a fortune. Yet, like a stray dog, you foolish and doomed ones throw this away in an instant! Can you throw this away because of your personal feelings, because your individual situation is difficult? "No." The hometown comes and goes, and the homeland comes and goes.

Where will anyone guarantee you? On the day you die for the Unification Church, God will guarantee it, Reverend Moon will guarantee it, and the members of the Unification Church will guarantee it. That person is a happy person, a happy person. Try leaving here and dying. Who will guarantee a stray dog like that? No one in the world, not even a passing person, will guarantee it. However, on the day you die here, history will guarantee it, the past, present, and future will guarantee it, and God and heaven will guarantee it.

You must win in home church to find your hometown and homeland
Now, the hometown is where the parents are. It is where the True Parents are, where true love is. Is that right? After that, it is a place where true siblings long for.

The Unification Church is a place where you can be free wherever you go. There are no sanctions. It is a place that is free no matter what happens, day or night. The reason you are not free now is that you are not free because of work. After you finish all that work, then truly… This work is both your work and the teacher's work. It is the same fate. For this historical purpose, as the teacher works, if you do not keep pace with that purpose, it will all be unfilial, unfaithful, and everything will be at stake. (Applause)

So you must understand how valuable the home church base is… I am landing on the land I long for. I am truly landing on the base of hope that humanity has longed for throughout history. It is not a matter of landing on the moon. It is not a matter of Armstrong landing on the moon. (The recording briefly cuts out)

When viewed this way, this is the most magnificent thing in the world. "Wow! This is the best in the world. It is something that cannot be bought for any amount of money. Wow! It turns out this is the best. There is nothing better than this. There is nothing better than this." How much did you think it was worth? When you retreat, how much did you say it was worth? Huh? How much did you think it was worth? You should not think that just because you joined the Unification Church a few years ago. You must understand that it has a value that is not about the U.S. president or the British queen. You must understand that Jesus is not a problem but a value.

Therefore, the tribal Messiah is a pioneer guiding the historical hometown centered on the tribe. You must understand that he is a pioneer of the Exodus like Moses. It is not blind. Moses did it without knowing, but I know everything concretely. I know everything theoretically.

We must go find our hometown. However, it is a principled fact that we cannot enter the hometown without finding Cain. Because there are members of the brother's tribe left in the world of Satan, we must help the brother to come to his tribal position. Otherwise, he will become Satan, and that cannot be helped. We must save him, and only then can he become a fence and return to his hometown to save his tribe. Otherwise, even if you evangelize your father and mother, and your tribe, Satan will take them away again. They will be dragged away again. There is a risk of this happening, so God cannot help but carry out this providence. Even if you evangelize your father and mother, your tribe, and your hometown, they will still be dragged away.

Therefore, you must win in the home church where you are placed to return to your hometown and create a home church. Only then will that tribe surrender before you, before your father and mother, and before your tribe, and heaven will be established.

Now, in terms of the teacher's responsibility, having created an external home church, I must enter the hometown and create a familial home church for my father and mother. However, my father and mother are all gone in North Korea. After that, I must find my country, my country. There, I must bring my parents, enter with my siblings, lead my country, and lead the world I live in. That is the responsibility that remains. The same goes for you. To save your siblings, your country, and your world is the same, the same. (Applause)

Even if I die, I must fight with the conviction that I will die in the home church.
Now, if I were to ask you where you want to die? "In my hometown." Yes, it is the hometown, the hometown. Where do you want to die? I want to die in my homeland, in my homeland. That place is not just America but the whole world, the whole world. My country and my hometown are the entire earth.

Then where is the home church? It is the place where the spiritual world and the physical world become one. From here, everything spreads out. Even if a thousand or ten thousand people like you die at the same time and become offerings, it is absolutely impossible without Reverend Moon and the Unification Church. Can you become a tribal Messiah who can receive such blessings? It is a remarkable thing. Not only can you become a tribal Messiah, but the path to becoming a national Messiah has also been paved, and the path to becoming a world Messiah… Do you understand? "Yes."

What about finding the hometown and homeland? "Let's find it." Want to try it? "Yes!" Even if your eyes are plucked out? "Yes!" Even if you talk so much that your tongue wears out? "Yes!" Even if your hands and feet wear out, even if your body dies, that is what you must do. "Yes."

If you die in the home church, the people of the home church will dig you up from where you died and bury you in your hometown. In the past, people like Jacob, Abraham, and Joseph all entered the home church. When they died in Egypt, it was not the Egyptians who buried them. It was not the Egyptians who dug and buried them in their hometown; it was the Israelites, their own tribe, who buried them. That is why they could not possess their hometown and homeland. You must understand that. Is that right? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

You must be buried in your hometown. When you die, the people of the home church must bury you in the land of your Abel-type home church. When all 360 families, regardless of age, wear mourning clothes and cry out loud, they will be able to follow to the hometown, and that is when heaven will unfold. Do you understand?

So what will happen when the teacher dies? Should the teacher's children bury him in the hometown, or should the world’s humanity say, "Oh, you all wait. We will do it"? How should it be? "The latter." It is the same. All members of the Unification Church must follow. Only then can they go to that place and say, "I have finally lived and died in my hometown and homeland." That is how the conclusion that they lived in the kingdom of heaven on earth will be reached. That is how they will be recognized as having lived in the kingdom of heaven on earth. Now do you understand? "Yes."

So, do you want to find your hometown? "Yes." Without going through this, you cannot find your hometown, homeland, or heaven. Now you understand for sure? "Yes." The work we do is not only to find the hometown but also to sacrifice for the country to find the homeland. This is the path we are taking. Is that right? In this way, the one world will be automatically concluded. This can be stated clearly as our recognition.
You work on American soil, but when Japanese people come here and sweat and toil, they are not doing it for America, but for the world. That’s why they do not wish to receive any praise from Americans. So whether they are praised or criticized, we continue to do our work. We work like the owner, like the president. Do you understand this clearly? “Yes.” 

If there is no home church, you cannot jump back to your hometown, and if you cannot jump back to your hometown, you cannot jump back to your homeland, and if you cannot jump back to your homeland, you also cannot jump to heaven. This is something you must understand clearly. (Applause) Therefore, when you establish a hometown, what is that? “Home church.” When you establish a home church, your hometown is realized, your homeland is realized, the world is realized, and heaven is realized. 

You must love each other more than anyone else and become one. The spiritual world and all people in the world must become one. You must create unity through love. When that happens, centered around the home church, small suns and small stars will rise. One will come out, two will come out, and all will come out…. Know that a bright heaven will be opened in this dark world. At that time, God, like the sun, will be able to walk upon this earth. When that happens, if someone says, “Hey, Reverend Moon, come here,” you will be taken along with them. (Applause) 

We must establish the tradition of home church for God and the world. Don’t you want to go back to your hometown? During this Christmas and New Year, you thought, “Oh, Christmas, Christmas! I must go back to my hometown, I must go back to my hometown.” Is that your hometown? “No.” While people are committing suicide in the Unification Church, what hometown are they trying to find? 

That’s why Reverend Moon is doing this work. 

When I go to Korea, I can live comfortably. Don’t I have a car, a house, or money? How difficult is it to use an interpreter when I talk to you? How comfortable would it be if I went to Korea? I can wear my clothes inside out in Korea and it’s fine. (Laughter) It’s okay to do that there. If I did that here, how much would people criticize me? (Laughter) Right? Isn’t that so? “Yes.” 

On the day of the teacher’s birthday, I say, “We must do it in Korea, we must do it in Korea.” “No, we can’t.” If we do it here, we will hear congratulatory songs in English. We cannot hear passionate songs that turn our hearts upside down like Korean songs. (Laughter) Isn’t that right? 

Then why are we here in America now? Why? Because of the global tradition…. It is easy to establish the home church tradition in Korea, it can be done immediately, but it is difficult here. It is because people from all over the world are gathered here. If it spreads from here, the world can live, so even though it is hard, I am telling you to do home church every day. I am saying this so that you can wake up. In Korea, people think of Reverend Moon as a hero. They think of him as a hero. (Laughter. Applause) That’s why we must establish the home church tradition here. This is the closest path, the closest path. 

Do you want that? “Yes!” Then work hard! Work hard! Mr. Park, if this guy complains, hit him and drive him out, hit him and drive him out. (Referring to President Park Bo-hee. Laughter) Mr. Park has now become the person in charge of home church here. Do you welcome this? “Yes!” Raise your hands if you welcome it. For whom? “For God.” Not for Mr. Park, not for Reverend Moon, not for the Unification Church, but for God and the world! “Yes!” (Cheers. Applause) 

Act without regret for our homeland. 

Now, we must conclude, we must conclude. Only then can you find your hometown and homeland. No American citizen can oppose you wherever you go. Because there are embassies and everything, they cannot oppose you. When God becomes the king in heaven and rules this world with sovereignty, who can stop it? (Applause) Not only in the failing earthly nations but also in entering heaven, it is a direct path. Wherever you go, it is a direct path, the door opens wide. It is not about immigration checking you. You are not members of immigration. A grand welcome will take place. And then you will say, “Oh God! Oh Father!” (Laughter. Applause) 

Now, that Father is not a trivial father. He is the Father of fathers, the King of kings, and the Lord of lords of the entire universe. That is mine, that is mine. (Laughter) Everything is mine. The whole thing is mine. In any case, you must go there even if you die. You must go there even if you die. If you go there, you will have nothing to brag about to your descendants. I must enter alive to be able to brag to my descendants. 

“Hey, hey! You must do it! Don’t go, don’t go. Stay here until twelve o’clock, until twelve o’clock. Extend it for 30 hours…. Extend it several times. Hey, hey, you must do it! Don’t give up, don’t give up.” The more you do that, the better it is. What you do is automatically recorded in the heavenly computer. If there is joy in heaven and on earth, the news of home church is the happiest news. When that record of activity is placed, “Someone has come to heaven, let’s see what he did until he got here,” and just press the button, it will flow out…. Then they will just cry, just cry in the spiritual world. Even God will be like this…. (Laughter) 

You must be able to do such great work and collect such materials. When white people go and say, “We must be first. We must be first,” and when black or yellow people think, “Oh! It would be nice if we were first, but it seems that the white people will be first,” and then if the yellow people and black people work hard and come out first, think about what will happen to the white people. Consider opposing that and thinking about it. 

This time, among the fundraising team leaders, from first to seventh place, all were yellow leaders. They came here. Is this Japan? “No.” In this country, where American citizens criticize Japan, why are we doing this? For our homeland, for home church…. (Applause) When such thoughts and traditions occur between nations, borders will automatically be abolished, and immigration will be automatically closed. (Applause) 

In 1979, what day is it today? It’s the 14th, January 14th. Knowing that this is an amazing fact, a few years ago, we couldn’t do it freely, but from now on, we must do this work in earnest. Will you do it or not? “We will!” Even if there is opposition? “Yes!” Even if they put us all in jail? “Yes!” Then try it, let me see. (Applause) 

Home church and the competition of love. 

If there is something special to say to our Unification Church members, it would be the term home church. Unification Church members, how is it now? While you are doing this home church activity, do you feel, “Ah, home church is indeed necessary”? “Yes.” 

The battlefield of the war between God and Satan. 

Until now, people of faith have vaguely thought, “I will go to heaven,” but…. Even Jesus, when He came to this earth, only said, “The kingdom of heaven is in your heart,” but He did not say that the world we live in today will become heaven. However, especially today, you must understand that the fact that the Unification Church has established the completion of the earthly kingdom centered on home church is a historical event. 

Then what is God doing until now, and what kind of war is the battle between God and Satan? It is a war between good and evil. Now, where there is good, there is love. Where there is evil, there is jealousy. Where there is good, there is unity. Where there is evil, there is division. Everything is in a relative relationship, taking 180 degrees in different directions. 

God is present where there is goodness. Why? Because there is love. Satan is present where there is evil. Why? Because there is division and jealousy. 

Now, looking at the historical periods until now, who has been the center of the battle between God and Satan? It is humanity. Humanity is the battlefield. Families have become battlefields, and societies and nations have become battlefields. We must understand this. 

So, what does our Unification Church standard? It is centered on love. It is the love of goodness, and in fighting centered on goodness, we are claiming to expand the battlefield beyond individuals to families and tribes. 

Until now, God has been fighting centered on the Messiah and the standard of Adam’s completion to complete one man called Adam. We know this. It is to completely unify God, the subject of love, and humanity, one person called Adam, centered on love. 

If there had been no fall, they would have automatically become one, but because of the fall, Satan broke this principle of love. What was the motive for breaking this? It was because of the fall of Adam and Eve. 

Then what weapon did Satan use? The weapon Satan used was self-centered love. That was Satan’s greatest weapon. He thought of love centered on himself. Then what comes next? He thinks he must be the highest. He thinks he must be the highest. 

From this perspective, today we find ourselves in a position like the battlefield of Satan. To defeat this Satan and let God win, what must happen? We must understand that love centered on God, not self-centered love, is God’s greatest weapon. Then what comes next? It is to lower oneself. It is humility, saying, “I am low.” 

From this perspective, God and Satan have fought through historical individuals, and we can easily conclude when God has always won and when Satan has always won. 

The boundary line between heaven and hell is in the hearts and bodies of humans. 

So, where is Satan in you, and where is God? You do not know. You see, air is invisible. You feel the presence of air when the wind blows. Isn’t that so? When you do this, there is no resistance, but when you suddenly do this, resistance arises here. (Acting while speaking) That is how you know. When we act based on justice and do the right thing, strength comes, and when we do not, strength does not come. 

From this perspective, today your conscience and body are the boundary line. They have become the battlefield. Your body and mind are fighting. God tries to win everything through the mind, and Satan tries to win everything through the body. That is why your mind is wavering back and forth. And what you see with your eyes is through the flesh, and if you see something bad, your mind says, “Hey, that’s not good. Don’t look at it.” There are two ways of seeing things. The mind says, “Look at good things. Look at good things.” 

Today, ordinary people say, “I am just a good person. I go to good places. I am in a good place.” Everyone says that. They think they are within the realm of goodness they recognize. Then they think everything bad is outside of themselves. Aren’t you the same? This is the enemy. This is the problem. This is the problem. 

Where is the front line? It is not in the family, nor in society, but it is moving back and forth centered on me. Do you know how many times you fight? (Laughter) 24 hours, you are fighting 24 hours. 

Now, I thought you had no guards in your minds, but if you make a mistake, a warning comes out immediately, “Hey, you!” 

This is the strong person, the weak person, the various forms. How about you? What is strong? The guard of the body is strong, the guard of the body. “Hey! Unification Church or whatever, just quit and sleep. Just quit. The most important thing is to be comfortable and sleep.” What are you enduring? You say one word and respond with three or four words. At that time, Satan conducts the orchestra of victory. “Bravo! Bravo! Bravo!” (Laughter) When the guard of the mind is strong, God conducts the orchestra. The Lord of the universe conducts the orchestra. 

That is why in every step you take, there is a path of Satan and a path of heaven. It is twofold. Everything you see, hear, and do is divided into two. That is why you come and go. Then, if you come and go like that, do you advance or retreat? “Retreat.” 

So where is hell? When you look at this based on the boundary line…. (Drawing a picture) If you draw this as a triangle and the top is this much and the bottom is the same, where does it go? It has gone in. Then in this line, which is below and which is above? “Below.” At this time, this is definitely hell. What is this? What is this? “Heaven.” It is definitely twofold, twofold. (Pointing to the drawing while speaking) 

That is why our daily life is about how to push this scale up. You must place even a grain of sand on it. This is the boundary line between heaven and hell. Therefore, on the day you lose this battle, all battles are already lost. There is no need to fight. Today, religious people do not understand this clearly. They did not understand this clearly. Where is this ambiguous boundary line? Where is the boundary line of America across the Pacific? 

Before doing the home church movement, you must win in your personal battle. 

When you consider this theoretically, is what I am saying correct, is it in line with common sense? “The teacher’s words are correct.” Therefore, everything is divided into two types. Eating, sleeping, going, coming, learning, studying, speaking, meeting someone today, everything is playing this game. 

How is this place? Is it belonging to heaven or to Satan? “Heaven.” Those who are dozing? “They belong to hell.” Then how about you? You must gather all your thoughts in one place; if you say something…. (Mimicking while speaking) (Laughter) What is that? Is it hell or heaven? “Hell.” Huh? “Hell.” Heaven? “Hell.” (Laughter) You know it, don’t you? 

Then when that family member comes and sits down and dozes off, just leave them be.
I have to do it, do I have to hit like this? (gesturing while speaking) I have to pinch. (laughs) I have to pinch, I have to pinch. So that they say, ‘What’s going on? Why is this happening?’ (laughs) Then would they oppose it? What would they do? They should be wide awake and say, ‘Why is this happening?’ but they are all dazed…. (laughs) 

Right now, what’s different about the Unification Church is that when someone pinches them while they are dozing off, they feel embarrassed and can’t lift their heads. That’s what makes it different. If you can’t say thank you, you should feel ashamed. You should feel ashamed. That pinch is what removes the arrows of Satan. (laughs) You should check if there’s anyone dozing off next to you. Check if there’s anyone next to you. You know, when you come in the morning and there’s someone sleeping next to you, you feel bad and want to kick them out, right? You should kick them out. Otherwise, it spreads, it spreads. (laughs) 

Now, after hearing this, if you understand it in detail, even if you feel sleepy, you won’t be able to sleep. Even if you feel sleepy, you won’t be able to sleep. 

So, everyone, when do we always fight? ‘Oh! The principle and whatnot are coming into my head, and why is this happening, why is this happening?’ Right? “No.” Our Unification Church members, as soon as it’s six o’clock, because the teacher is speaking at Belvedere, even if they want to lie down and sleep, they hear, ‘Get up, you!’ and they can’t sleep. Is that right? “Yes.” Nowadays, I’ve heard that in families, the wives just sleep on Sundays. I think we need to scold them a bit. That’s being in hell. To be doing that without any pangs of conscience is being in hell, not in heaven. Let’s ask you all. “It’s in hell.” That’s right. You need to understand this clearly, clearly. Even in breathing, there is heavenly breath and satanic breath. Even in blinking, there is heavenly sight and satanic sight. You need to understand how meticulous this is. 

Then from now on, it’s a fight, this fight. Before going to home church, I’m fighting my own battle right now. Can someone who has lost their personal battle go to home church to fight? “No.” If you’ve already been shot and are being dragged around, going there would just be a hindrance, a hindrance. That’s why before going to home church, if you had that thought, you need to put in your sincerity. In putting in sincerity, you need to be completely clean, and you need to truly have faith. 

You need to cut off the love ties with Satan and establish love ties with God. What will God be like? Does God know this? Does God know the front line? “Yes.” Then what will God be like? Will God be coming and going with you? “No.” Will God be advancing, going here and there? What is it? (acting while speaking) (laughs) “Advancing.” What about you? “…” So when you say to God, ‘God! I’m a member of the Unification Church and I love True Parents, please help me in that name,’ God pretends not to hear. 

You all know about double spies, right? “Yes.” Who believes a double agent? “No.” Would you believe them? “No.” That’s how it is. If this is Satan, even if God believes and your parents cooperate with everything, it will fail. 

Now, what is your nature? Since it is not connected to the nature of God’s love but is connected to the nature of Satan’s love, it is all centered on oneself. It elevates oneself. It demands love centered on oneself. That’s what has been sown. Since it has been sown that way, it must be reaped that way. It has become a harvest of love. You all try to love centered on yourselves, right? Isn’t that so? ‘Love me!’ you say, right? Then after that, you try to elevate yourselves, right? 

Looking at that, has it become the fruit of Satan or not? “It has.” What about now, what about now? “It hasn’t.” When the teacher just scolds, you say, ‘Phew! What did I do wrong? Why is it only me?’ That’s what you say. Women do the same. Women, I keep talking about American women, and you say, ‘What’s with the talk about American women this morning? What’s going on?’ Women, isn’t that so? “No.” (laughs) No matter how much you don’t want to hear it, you should like it. (cheers, applause) 

If I were to use you and make you bad, that wouldn’t be right. But I think about how to make you better than American women and better than Asian women. That’s how it is. (applause, cheers) And I keep trying to make you suffer. Just ‘Work! Work!’ that’s what I say. And from the first day of the lunar new year, I’m cursing. ‘What are these people?’ and I’m pouring out curses. 

So while climbing the mountain, even while climbing, I’m cursing, and when I get to the top, I’m cursing. There, I have to jump over quickly; if I dawdle, if I doze off, I’ll roll back down. So even if I die, if I can just get over it and die, I will reach heaven. (applause) 

Now, do you have that kind of risk, or not? Is there a risk of falling while climbing? Think about it. Is there? “Yes.” There can be as much as you want. It’s a hundred percent possible, a hundred percent. You need to be sure of this. You need to have a clear concept of this. 

When you make this clear, well…. In the old medieval times, in monasteries, they thought they had to suffer and practice asceticism to go to heaven, and they just left the battle of the heart as it was and only did ascetic practices. So before fixing this, no matter how much you practice asceticism…. Asceticism is meant to fix this. Once this is fixed, you don’t have to practice asceticism. So a person who is on this standard doesn’t need to suffer. ‘I will definitely drag this body along, you!’ Did you understand that, or not? “I understood.” 

Then do you know there are two types of laughter? “Yes.” You don’t not know that. Everyone knows, a hundred percent knows. Everyone knows. Raise your hand if you don’t know that. You all know. “Yes.” So everyone can go to heaven and everyone can go to hell. 

Then, can you complain when you go to hell? ‘God! Why did you send me to hell?’ Can you say that? “No.” Can you boast in heaven, ‘Oh, look at the people in hell!’? There’s nothing to boast about in heaven. It’s a natural thing. According to the weight of your conscience, just like the mechanism, automatically going to heaven or hell changes. It depends on the weight of the heart and the value of the heart. 

In terms of mechanisms, just like there are high and low, you Unification Church members are the same. It’s the same. If there are any spies coming in here, any agents, those people will all suffer. ‘These people are so pure, and I came in with such a bad heart.’ They will definitely feel that. 

In Japan, the Communist Party sent members to the Unification Church to extract all its secrets, but that Communist member came in and repented. ‘I didn’t know this. I came in as a Communist infiltrator, and I can’t bear it in my conscience, so I’m leaving,’ and explained everything…. The Unification Church is 180 degrees different from what the Communist Party propagates. It is 180 degrees different. 

So let me ask you one thing. When there’s a blessing, do you want to get the best groom or bride in the Unification Church, or the ugliest groom or bride? “The ugliest groom and bride.” (laughs) So, a true Unification member…. If a good person marries another good person, that’s ordinary. However, if a good person marries the ugliest person in the Unification Church, how much greater would the joy and happiness of the ugly person be? “It would be greater.” When God sees that, which one would He find cuter? 

In this sense, do you think, ‘No man should come to a woman like me. A man can’t handle someone like me. I can’t live. Oh! I have no thoughts of getting married. Oh! I can’t get married.’ Did you think that? ‘Hmph! I have to get married.’ Did you think that? (laughs) Which one is closer to heaven and which one is closer to hell? Women, answer me, answer me. Which one is more heavenly? “The first one.” Which one is more hellish? “The second one.” You know that, right? So, is that how you all feel? “…” (laughs) 

Yes, the Bible says, ‘Those who seek to die will live, and those who seek to live will die.’ It’s the same principle. What does that mean? ‘Oh, I will get a good groom,’ means you will end up with a bad groom, and ‘Oh, if a groom comes to someone like me, how much will he suffer? How pitiful is it for him to live seeing my face all his life, for him to touch my body?’ That’s the same. (laughs) Then God works. Without realizing it, a good man looks small, and he doesn’t come into the heart. The same goes for the teacher. If I had sought a good bride to elevate myself, I would have ended up with a bad bride, but since I said a bad bride is good, God sent me a good bride. That’s why the mother doesn’t know where her mind is and just came like that. (laughs, cheers, applause) 

When it comes to marriage, American women say, ‘What do my parents have to do with it? What do my siblings have to do with it? What do my relatives have to do with it? If I like it, that’s enough, if I like it.’ (laughs) They say that. “They don’t.” Before entering the church, they thought that, but after entering, they all know, so now everyone is different. (cheers, laughs) It’s all like that. ‘When I get married, God is involved, True Parents are involved, everything is involved, oh my, where in the world is this happening? Oh my, can’t I even get married as I wish?’ You don’t think like that, do you? Isn’t that right? “Yes.” That’s why I’m matchmaking. (cheers, applause) 

When I get married, God is involved, saints are involved, the spirit world is involved, the world is involved, and (while clapping) ‘Hey, well done!’ How wonderful is that? ‘I don’t need God. I’m doing it alone.’ Then you’ll be left alone and go to the valley of hell…. 

So, if the people of the world really want to study marriage, will they study worldly marriage or Unification Church marriage? “Unification Church marriage.” No matter how much you study, there will be many things you don’t know. No matter how much you study, there will be many things you don’t know, and it’s deep and immense. Do you know that? Do you know how wonderful that is? Do you know how wonderful that is? So, do those who take a doctoral course know that? Does anyone know the specialized field? Only they know. It’s that deep and wide. You need to understand that there’s that much difference. 

Now, if you want to study marriage, you can’t do it without studying the Unification Church blessing. Isn’t that right? Also, those who study religion can’t say they’ve studied religion without studying the Unification Church. That much…. So, if you want to study people, you need to study Reverend Moon; otherwise, you won’t know what people are like. (cheers, applause) That’s how it is. Also, if you want to study Unification Church members, you need to know what kind of faith the Unification Church has. Without knowing these principles, you won’t understand. 

This boundary between good and evil, the concept of being on the front line is something the established church doesn’t know. They don’t know. I am on the front line, I am. You all need to know that. Do you understand? Do you understand it clearly now? “Yes.” ‘I am on the front line. I am on the front line.’ Is that concept established? “Yes.” 

When it’s lunchtime and you’re hungry, do you say, ‘Oh, rice! Rice!’ and think, ‘This devil is coming. This devil is coming’? Have you done that? When you feel sleepy, do you say, ‘Oh, this devil! Why is this happening? Let’s stay up all night, you!’? You should do that. If you’re walking and your legs hurt, do you say, ‘Oh, this leg, this leg. This devil, this leg! Devil, this leg! This devil, get away! God, give me strength in my legs. Give me strength.’ Then you will feel strength. If that happens, you say, ‘God! Give strength to my legs. Give me strength,’ and He will give you strength. ‘Hey, you! Is it surrender or not? When I say, ‘Ah, it’s surrender,’ then try walking. You can walk like this, step by step. (laughs, applause) 

That’s necessary. It’s absolutely necessary. Here, women also want to put on makeup and do everything, right? You want to grow your nails, you want to do everything, right? Huh? You want to look pretty and carry a handbag, right? (gesturing while speaking, laughing) You all know that. You all know that. The teacher knows everything, but ‘You, you!’ That’s what I say. If you do that, it’s scolding. 

You want to do that, right? The teacher does too. Just being next to you, the smell of perfume wafts over. (laughs) But here, Moonies, Unification Church women, when you smell them, they have a truly sweet and fragrant smell. It’s called the Moonie girl’s smell. (laughs) God’s nose likes the smell of Moonies. That’s how the nose moves. You all have a smell. (laughs) 

Now, do you understand clearly? This is your face. How are you? Your nose is straight. But think that you’ve said one wrong word and your nose has become like this. It’s crooked. It’s become crooked like this. Just by saying one wrong word, you become on Satan’s side, and your nose gets crooked, your eyes get crooked, your ears get crooked, and it becomes like this. That’s how it is. 

Now, since the nose is crooked, will the heart be happy? Will the heart be happy if the eyes are crooked? Will the heart be happy if the ears are blocked? It must be perfect for the heart to say, ‘Ah! Look, look.’ So, when the heart and body are perfectly united, it’s good to see, good to hear, and good to go anywhere. 

You know about focusing a camera, right? Is your heart and body in focus? Have you focused? Are you focusing? “Yes.” On the day you focus, when you focus, you can see God, and there’s nothing in the world that you can’t see. 

Is your heart and body aligned, or not? In our Unification Church terminology, we say it’s the heart and the body, but is it aligned? Is it aligned, or not? “It’s aligned.” Then, without the teacher saying anything, you all know. You all know. 

That’s why religion must beat the body. You must beat the body. Why? Because it’s the stage of Satan’s activity and war. 

You must overcome the three great desires of hunger, sleep, and love. 

So, are you good people or bad people? “Good people.” Are you good or evil? What is it? So, there are two types of people. If there are two types of people, raise your hands like this. If there are two types of people, raise your hands like this.
"Are you talking about someone who goes back and forth? (Interpreter)" Yes, um! (Laughter) I didn't know that this devil was entrenched like this. So, how difficult must it be for God to work, and how hard must it be for the spirit world to cooperate? We need to understand how much God must be suffering and how much the spirit world must be suffering as well. How hard must it be? Think about how difficult it must be to work.

Satan eats while playing. Satan plays and eats. Satan plays and eats. So, wouldn't that Satan say, 'No matter how much God works hard, what does it matter?' Think about it.

Now, everyone, would a person with a divided heart be a son of God, a son of Satan, or a united son? What would it be? Think about it. "It is a united son."

So how can they be blessed? How can they be blessed like that? What are the sons and daughters born there? What are they? This is a serious issue. So did the teacher fight that battle or not? "He did." Therefore, the teacher's main slogan is 'Complete self-governance before governing the universe.' This is the number one slogan of life. This is the first, the first.

What kind of matter is this? It is such a big issue that just saying one wrong word can lead to a week of repentance that won't be resolved. That's how it is. So if one lives their whole life incorrectly, how difficult would it be to correct it?

How important is our flesh? When we have this flesh, we can regulate it, but once the flesh and the mind are separated, it becomes completely impossible. It is impossible. Then the mind is always dragged along by what the body wants. It becomes the same in the spirit world. So they go to hell, hell. If you understand that, this body... Therefore, whether male or female, being hungry is the biggest enemy.

There are three enemies for a person. The first is hunger, the second is sleep, and the third is love, the issue of love. These are the three great enemies. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." Do you all feel the same? "Yes."

So in the Unification Church, we say, 'Fast. Don't sleep. Then overcome all sexual desires.' No matter how beautiful a person is, we are trying to overcome that. Do you understand? "Yes."

You must know that the three great Satans are riding on you. Satan is the king, the king. What will you do about that, everyone? "...." When you say there is no problem with yourself, you must start with home church. Otherwise, you cannot fight. There are no weapons. There are no weapons. Do you have weapons?

Now, all 360 houses are Satan. What does he tempt you with? He tempts you when you are hungry, then when you want to sleep, and men tempt women while women tempt men. That's the battle, the battle.

So what must be left in the midst of that? Love. Why do we endure hunger? We endure it because of love, true love. Why do we endure sleepiness? Because of true love. All of our sensory and physical issues are endured because of true love. Because of true love.

Always check whether you are on God's side or Satan's side. So what should you do? If you say you want to be loved, there is absolutely no way to overcome it. You must understand that. There is no way to overcome it. If you say, 'I want to be loved, I will go to be loved,' then there is no way to overcome it. You cannot overcome it. However, when you say you want to love, you can overcome it. How does that happen? Why? Because God is trying to give love, and with that strength, you can share it together. When you love through the night, life comes alive. Even if you talk while staying up all night, life comes alive...

You must do the same. If you love, you must be willing to stay up all night and love madly. For seven years, the teacher did not sleep and played that game. You must forget about hunger, breakfast, lunch, and dinner. When you listen to the words, if you start from the morning and are drunk while listening, evening feels like morning, morning. It's morning. Have you thought about whether it's day or night? You become completely one. Then you become one with the spirit world. The spirit world cooperates completely. Such a movement is possible.

So, where is the first battlefield? "The body." The body. Satan, you see. The five senses, which can be said to be the weapons that Satan can use, are the five senses. You must overcome that.

When I was your age, when I dressed well in my twenties, many women followed me. But I did the opposite. I did the opposite. I did my hair any way, and I always wore clothes that were over 20 years old from a junk shop, clothes that were shiny from wear. When there were people, I would sit in the corner, trying not to speak. If I am in this corner, I will definitely go to the front row. I fought that battle. A person who is at war cannot return if they do not win, and they cannot eat or rest.

You feel it very vividly when you go to the hospital. When you go to the hospital, the doctor comes every day to check on the patient lying in bed. They check how things are, what percentage is what, checking everything. Going up and down, healing and so on, they check everything. (While writing on the board) It is exactly like that. God and Satan are doing that.

If you have a face, (drawing while speaking) you have ears, and if you have everything like this, you are checking every day whether you are an X or a circle. (Laughter) You do the same with your arms. When you pass by a bulgogi restaurant when you are hungry, your nose goes, 'Oh, what is this? Oh, wow!' That's an X. Then how is the eye of the heart, and you see everything like this. Do you understand? "Yes."

For 365 days, try drawing your face and checking it. (The rest is not recorded, so it cannot be included) *

To my friends in America
Dear friends!
You may have heard stories about me over the past few years. Whether those stories have been good or bad, I would like you to forget them all and for the next five minutes, I would like to ask you a few questions.
Please read this letter to understand those questions.
The reason I am writing this letter to you is that I have an important message that I must share with you. And I believe this message is a matter of life for you.
Recently, I received a very heartwarming letter from a young American living in New York named Mark Barry. In that letter, he said the following:
"Since I learned about the revelations that you received from God, my entire life has completely changed. Not only did I come to know what kind of being God is, but I also came to understand what kind of being I am. At the same time, I have been able to sincerely love others, something I could never have practiced in the past. This is my heartfelt gratitude to you, Teacher Moon."
Meanwhile, a letter was sent by a mother of one of our Unification Church members, Pegev Moffitt, who lives in Midland, Texas, with the following content:
"I am now kneeling down and thanking you and God. I earnestly pray that God will bless Teacher Moon, who has raised countless young people before Him, with the gospel. Teacher Moon has done what I could never do for my children."
Dear friends! I once again thank God.
The reason is that there are tens of thousands of people on this planet who are grateful just like that one mother. Since they learned the content of the revelations I received from God, amazing things have happened to them. Numerous miracles are occurring. Young people are overcoming drug problems. They are escaping from mental illnesses. And countless physical ailments are being healed. Moreover, they have gained a fresh hope and have come to know what the purpose of life is. They are discovering a new familial way to become one in God's love.
At the same time, they have been able to overcome the barriers that divide nations and have come to understand that all people are true brothers and sisters in God's one family, transcending nationalism. They have learned how to live as true brothers and sisters.
Dear friends! Just like those people, you too can live joyfully and happily. This is the reason I am writing this letter to you. I am not revealing the many amazing things I have accomplished so far. I firmly believe that with God's power, nothing is impossible.
What we need most importantly is to gain a new understanding of God. We need to know the new truth, and we need to know God's new revelations. This new revelation from God is now being revealed to you. This revelation can become yours.
Today, there is not a single person who does not have difficult problems. Every individual, every family, every nation, and this world is now struggling in despair to solve their respective problems. However, it seems that there are no practical solutions. Countless cries of lament are heard in despair. Just last year, the number of Americans who committed suicide reached 38,000.
People are trying in various ways to solve their individual problems. But only God can solve them.
God has a clear plan for this humanity. And He has a plan for how we should live our lives.
And I believe that the revelations I received provide the best content for understanding that God. The importance of you knowing this new truth lies here.
Dear friends! My experience of coming to know God began when I was 16 years old.
From my youth, I began to ponder various fundamental questions about life. 'Who am I? Where did I come from? What is the purpose of life? Does our life continue after death? And does God really exist? Is God omnipotent or powerless? If God is omnipotent, why does He not solve the problems of humanity? Why is there so much suffering on this earth?'
In any case, for the next nine years, I lived with the omnipotent God and Jesus. I entered the spirit world several times. Gradually, God taught me astonishing truths. It was like a long, dark night passing and the morning sun rising. In that truth, I was able to see the dawn of a glorious new culture.
This special revelation based on the New Testament is far superior to the teachings of Judaism. This revelation has the power and ability to encompass all religions and unite them. The revelation I received is now called 'The Principle,' and I have been instructed by God to spread this principle to the ends of the earth.
When I first began teaching this truth under the North Korean regime, I was persecuted by both Christianity and the communist regime. I was imprisoned by communists and served about three years in a forced labor camp. It was a place designed to gradually kill people. In that situation, I was able to survive only by God's power.
One day before I was to be executed, I was rescued by the UN forces involved in the Korean War. So, I was able to come down to the free world of South Korea.
In 1954, I officially founded the Unification Church in Seoul, Korea. Four years later, I sent missionaries to Japan. In a short span of 25 years, our movement spread to 127 countries across six continents. And now, the Principle is being taught in every language of the world.
In 1971, God gave me another revelation, telling me to go quickly to America, where millions were waiting for the new revelation from God. God instructed me to spread the message in America because this country was chosen to play a bridging role in connecting humanity worldwide.
In just seven years, I traveled through all 50 states of America, spreading the content of the new revelation. As a result, I was able to connect with millions of Americans, and now the Unification Church is being established from Maine to Hawaii. During my travels in America, I was deeply impressed many times by the greatness of the American spirit and its material achievements.
However, now I see this great nation surrounded by worrying problems. Millions of families are being destroyed. Young people are experiencing relentless turmoil.
Crime and violence are rampant. Therefore, my heart feels severe pain. In the name of God, who loves America, I have made countless pledges to do my utmost to help this country. I am confident that the revelation I received will instill a new image in America and elevate this country to a new nobility and greatness.
Some people who criticize what I do say that I brainwash the American people. I find that expression interesting. When I spoke before members of Congress in 1975, I said, 'I have one question for you. Can you be so foolish and dumb as to be brainwashed by this Korean person? I cannot think that way at all.' After I finished speaking, a congressman came to me, shook my hand, and said, 'Teacher Moon, I really did not expect you to give such a perfect answer.' And recently, in 1978, the U.S. Department of Justice concluded that the members of the Unification Church..."
"It is legal, and I believe we are adults who can agree." I have expressed that the things I have accomplished so far have not been achieved by my own strength, but by the power of God. The real feeling of joy and vitality that people experience is given as a result of experiencing God's spirit.

Dear friends! If you come into contact with God's truth and become ignited, you will no longer be able to live an ordinary life. The world will become your stage. You will become involved in helping others and fighting against injustice. When you receive God's inspiration, you will condemn war. However, you will be responsible for a different kind of struggle, which is to accomplish the work for humanity to eliminate poverty, disease, and ignorance.

Members of the Unification Church know deeply that all people are precious sons and daughters of God. They transcend the color of skin and treat each other as true brothers and sisters. They are realizing a world where God's families live within "living colors." The work of building a world family in God is an exciting adventure. 

This is the reason why there can be no monotonous or boring moments for the members of our Unification Church. This is something you can understand if you ask them. Their every day is filled with excitement and accomplishment. They are practitioners, not just believers in the truth.

Dear friends! Now you will discover the value of the principle without feeling any sense of duty. I do not ask you to become members of our Unification Church or to support our church. I only wish to give you the opportunity to understand this significant and vital message.

As detailed in the pamphlet printed in color enclosed with this letter, there are three special programs prepared for your participation:

1. You can attend the "Feast of Hope."
This program is a two-hour event featuring songs, dances, music, and the introduction of God's new revelations. It takes place every Tuesday at 7 PM at the World Mission Center located at 481 Eighth Avenue, Manhattan, and admission is free. You can enjoy this time with your family. (You can request tickets as needed using the response form enclosed with this letter.)

2. You can attend a one-day seminar on the principle.
This one-day seminar is a program that outlines the principles in a short time, starting every Saturday at 10 AM at the World Mission Center. Here, you will have the opportunity to understand astonishing new truths in just one day. Through this program, you will have a joyful experience. (To register for the seminar, please use the enclosed response form.)

3. You can schedule a home lecture course on the principle.
When it is difficult for you to leave your home, you can sit at home and listen to lectures covering the entire content of the principle through this home lecture course. This lecture will open a new dimension in your life. (To attend this lecture, please use the enclosed response form. You can find more details in the pamphlet.)

Through any of these programs, you will receive the greatest gift I can offer. This gift will be more wonderful than any you have received on any past birthday or Christmas because it is given by God.

Of course, you may be indifferent to this unique opportunity. However, if you miss this chance, which occurs once in a million, you will come to regret it.

I look forward to your response. Please take a look at the enclosed response form to send your reply. I would appreciate it if you could use the prepaid envelope to send your response to me today. Then, I will promptly send you a reply. In the meantime, I sincerely wish for God's blessings to be upon you, your family, and your endeavors.

If you would like to have your name added to my prayer list, please write down your name and send it to me. Please refer to P.O. Box 4 to send your response form. The power of prayer brings about miracles. I would consider it a great honor to be able to pray for you and your loved ones.

Restored Families
You may have felt that the exchange between the Eastern and Western worlds is extremely difficult. For this exchange to happen, there must be a common language and writing. Otherwise, it cannot happen. Therefore, for those who are uninterested, it is like news from a distant country.

Western civilization has gone through a history to meet Eastern civilization, and if we view the East and West from God's perspective, it is like twins. In terms of purpose, the East originally advanced culturally ahead of the West. Ancient civilizations developed around the East. Greek civilization and Hebrew civilization are civilizations within the Eastern sphere. Hellenism and Hebraism started and intertwined within the Eastern sphere.

Thus, today, Western civilization is going through a history to meet Eastern civilization. Originally, it should have started in the East and gone to the West, but it is now returning from the West. If Jesus had not died, it would have been centered around Jesus and developed in the East, but now it is going to Rome and returning in reverse.

On January 21, 1979, at the Belvedere Training Center.
* This message is also published in the third issue of <True Family>, which is published in Japan.

Originally, Christianity should have been based on Confucianism and Buddhism. If Christianity had been connected and combined with Greek civilization and Egyptian civilization, the world's civilizations would have all merged. However, it went to Rome and became entangled there. Thus, the time has come for the world to revolve around the United States, connecting with Asia.

This is where the problems arise. There are issues between Asia and Western society. Conflicts keep arising. While it may seem bad that problems arise, it is there that unity occurs. What is destined to break will break, and what is meant to unite will unite.

Currently, the only country in the Western world that can connect with Asia is South Korea. It is holding onto the southern tip of Korea. There is only South Korea. If Korea looks like this, South Korea is like this. Holding onto this... (drawing a picture while speaking) the United States is crossing the Pacific and holding onto this. Carter tried to let go of this but could not, so he is holding onto it. He has no choice but to hold onto it. Originally, it started to let go of this (Korea) since the Nixon era. However, strangely enough, as the United States tried to let go of Korea, God sent Reverend Moon to the United States. So, they are holding onto this. (Applause)

Look. If you look at the United States itself, they are letting go of everything, including the country. Young people are indifferent to Western civilization, family, and country. However, now a movement has arisen that is interested in Reverend Moon. The interest in Asia, as Reverend Moon represents Asia, means that the United States cannot help but have an interest in Asia and Korea because of Reverend Moon. They are indifferent to their own country and everything else. At the same time, they are letting go of the church and even of themselves. Hippies and yippies are all coming out like that. Young people are saying, "Isn't a human just like an animal? What is our human value?" As a result, recently, the number of people committing suicide has reached 38,000 a year.

When you look at it this way, the reason for all this letting go is that if you hold onto the old, the new cannot come in. It is like being so hungry that you eat anything that comes your way. It is making people hungry. The entire Western society is making people hungry. That is why these days, all American youth are going to California, right? California? Going to California means it is closer to the East. (Laughter)

To understand Eastern thought, Westerners must know the language and writing. 

Now, it is a simple story, but when you look at it, history is woven together in ways that humans do not know, and today, the providential history continues to emerge in seemingly failed environments.

To learn new things and acquire new things, you must be different from ordinary people. This is difficult. Is it easy to sit on the ground like this? Is it easy for someone who usually sits in a chair, prays like this, and does this to sit on the ground? (Laughter) You might say, "Why does the teacher want us to gather at dawn? Why not gather around noon? We can play a bit in the morning, read the newspaper, and know what is going on in the world. Why gather everyone at dawn?" You might think that way. When you go to the countryside, do the chickens crow? The chickens crow "cock-a-doodle-doo," right? People living in the city may not know that chickens crow. "I know." Yes, why do the chickens crow? Why do they crow? "Morning is coming. Dawn has arrived. Wake up those who have thoughts." (Laughter)

Thus, all history starts from dawn. It may seem to happen at night, but it starts from dawn. After the sun rises, the whole world already knows. Before the sun rises, everything must be prepared, and when the sun rises, they are already dispatched.

When we look at our Unification Church, when the world opposes and makes a fuss, it is like the dark night. It is in the valley. It is now rising. What is now? It is the dawn era before the sun rises. Our Unification Church is gradually becoming revealed. People thought Reverend Moon was the worst among the villains, but he is actually the truest among the true. So, it is rising. 

It is becoming clearer, so people can see what is white light, what is black light, and so on.

Everyone is interested in the title, but (tapping on the blackboard) the restored family... this is indeed difficult. Even with that much interest, to know it, one must study. Study. You must study and learn to be able to speak and write; that is how culture connects. If you do not know the writing, the culture or thoughts of that country cannot connect. Therefore, in the future, when Westerners become interested in Eastern thought, the writing will be the issue, the writing. The language will be the problem.

Now, everyone, how difficult is the Eastern character? The character "복" (復) has this (彳) which means two people. This (復; pointing to the upper right part of the character) also refers to a person, and this (日) refers to a day, and this (夂) means "again." It is truly profound in meaning. (Writing on the board while speaking) Therefore, the way Westerners see things and the way Easterners see things are different. When we say "heaven" (天), it refers to two people. The "仁" (in) that Confucianism speaks of also refers to two people. So, whether it is "in" or "heaven," it cannot be alone. There must be a counterpart.

Thus, even if Reverend Moon has done nothing in today's Western society, the fact that he has connected Western culture and Eastern culture, focusing on the younger generation rather than the older generation, is a great history. It is a revolutionary history. We must recognize that great things are happening within the civilizations of the East and West. Also, the historical representative who has sparked the movement of Western people wanting to marry Eastern people and Eastern people wanting to marry Western people is Reverend Moon. I did not push you to do this; it is your hearts that are doing it.

Look. Why is that? Because there is a mystery in the unknown. There is a mystery in the unknown. It is a simple statement. There is a mystery in the unknown. The reason a man longs for a woman is that he does not know her. He does not know about women. At that time, it is mysterious, but once he knows everything about women, it is no longer mysterious. (Laughter) The same goes for women. These days, Western men know everything about Western women. It is obvious. They know everything about how things are. So, it is not fun. Now, when they see Eastern women, even if they have something they want to say, they hide what they want to say, but Western women will just say everything. (Laughter) So, there is no mystery. People need mystery. Also, Western civilization is something you all know. However, Asian civilization is mysterious because you do not know it. It has charm.

To recognize that, you must study. Therefore, you must do it too, because you are interested in it. Development begins in the cultivation of ignorance. New things will inevitably occur.

Because we do not know God well, God is mysterious. If we fully recognize God... and even though Americans are making a fuss about the Unification Church being bad, there is something curious and mysterious about the Unification Church. So, you all say, "Let's go see it once." That is how you all got caught. (Laughter. Applause)

Throughout history, creating a group that binds together people of various colors and causing global issues, and flowing towards one place with hope instead of despair, is a great thing that you must recognize. 

So, if you enter the Unification Church, this is the start. From now on, everything will be decided, and you must think about that.

So, the Unification Church members are different from Westerners, different from Easterners, different from South Americans, and different from Black people. They are unique members. They are like magnets that gather people. They are like magnets that gather people of various colors into one. So, when that magnet is presented to Black people, it attracts Black elements, when it is presented to Yellow people, it attracts Yellow elements, and when it is presented to White people, it attracts White elements. It is strange.

So, how big will that be? Will it just be a passing thing? Now, even though the world has been hitting and opposing it, it is gathering like this. What will happen if the world says it is good? "Good, good. Reverend Moon is good, and the Unification Church is good." What will happen? The Communist Party? It can restore the world in a short time. That atmosphere exists in Asia, Western society, and everywhere. Do you all know that? "Yes." Even if you come at dawn and cannot sleep for days... Sleep is not the issue.

Did you feel good coming here today with the snow and the ice?
"Yes." Slipping and sliding... That's the wonderful thing. I will also be coming in a nice car called Lincoln from East Garden, but I came in a Jeep because of the snow. But it felt good. (Laughter. Applause) So I was going to tell some interesting stories if only a third of you had come today, but why are there so many of you? (Cheers. Applause) Such words are also necessary in common sense. Continuing to talk about this might be okay, even more than the title of the talk.

The history of humanity that began with war
Now, let's talk about the 'restored family.' This world exists. (Drawing) Isn't it well drawn? How is it? It's round, isn't it? "Yes." (Laughter. Applause) This is the great universe, the great universe. And then this is the Earth. One of these in the middle is the Earth. (Pointing to the drawing) But because of the fall, this world became one governed by Satan, not one governed by God.

That is why history began with war. It is a connection of tears and suffering. So, in any era, humans have come out and centered around the question of what life is, shedding tears and worrying about how to solve death, but they couldn't solve it. Everyone raised their hands in surrender to that historical reality.

Of course, bad things happened because of wars, but many advancements also occurred because of wars, and the world developed rapidly because of wars. When defeated in war, people flee to uncharted territories and settle down. That is how they develop. Also, when they commit sins and flee, they settle down... Defeated kings or losers all flee and pioneer new places. This is often depicted in Western dramas, right? They flee to Mexico or the southern United States and try to settle down, pioneering in that environment. They establish themselves by doing well there.

Now, if you look at that, even those who fight or commit sins, if you see one side, ultimately, those people are the vanguard in pioneering uncharted territories. This is true for the West as well. Even in pioneering the West, all the prisoners in jail fled to the West... Therefore, although it is said to be bad, through bad things, God has also worked providentially. History has unfolded that way.

Now, why has language changed? Because of fighting and committing sins, forming nations and changing languages, that is why language has split. When enemies arise, they say, "I will not use the language of my enemies. If you say rice, I will not say rice." This is how it became. Also, sinners all use codes while they are active. That becomes another language. As history goes on, it becomes different from that country, and ultimately, the language changes. Isn't that true in America? The language used in the old days is all different from the language used in the new era, right? When children talk among themselves, they use many words that parents do not know. (Laughter) It would be good if parents knew. That is spreading out.

God has been establishing a world dominion through point providence
Looking at this, although this world is chaotic and complex, it is from within that the restoration providence begins. There is not a single person of God in this world. So, when God works in this world, what kind of person does He choose? The capable people have the desire to move the world and are constantly rampaging around the world, but He did not choose them. He chooses the foolish, the most fallen ones. It is not the upper (上) but the lower (下). The lower (下) is the most fallen (下). There is no other way. Moreover, there is no interest in that in the world of Satan. So, many people in the primitive world who believe in shamanism and such are communicating with the spirit world.

So, heaven works in a communist style of point providence. It is not an organized history; it is done one person at a time, and history is made one by one. "Is it like the communist world, doing it separately?" (Interpreter) It is a point, a point. One person at a time, doing one thing at a time, and history is made. "I am the best," and then groups are formed there. Then, they do not listen to anyone in the world. They do not listen to the words of the world, whether it is the king's words or anyone else's. They absolutely do not listen.

*Humans do not know. Humans do not know, but from the spirit world, it is seen that this is systematically bound. So, if this person dies and then dies again, and then dies again, what these people have worked on is all connected. It is twisted, but it is connected. So, if the end here is connected, and if people connected here and here are raised up, then they rise to a higher dimension. It is the same here. It goes up again like this. (*From here, he starts writing while speaking)

What is the old superstition? It is thinking that by serving God, one will receive blessings. That has been the concept until now. Then it is said that blessings are given. What does giving blessings mean? It means pulling away from here. It means taking away. (Writing while speaking) Such people were all opposed in the past. They faced opposition from their surroundings. What is opposition? It is to give blessings. It is to give blessings.

Among these, (pointing to what he wrote) among those who believe in religion and worship God, there are groups like, "Please let our family live well." There are groups like, "Oh, let our tribe live well." There are groups like, "Oh, let our country live well." There are groups like, "Oh, let our world live well." "Let our heaven and earth live well." Such groups exist. Such people become the heads of individuals, families, and tribes. (Writing while speaking) In the end, they believe for the world, and they bring God into the picture for the world. Such people receive corresponding blessings. Thus, a religious sphere that can achieve such a world dominion emerges. These are small, but... If you draw this, it becomes like this, and if you draw this, it becomes like this, and this becomes like this... (Pointing to what he wrote while speaking)

A religion that sacrifices for God and the world must emerge
Then, what is the religion that God likes the most? It is a religion that says, "I will liberate God and truly love God." What is the thought of Jesus? It is nothing different. It is to fulfill God's will according to God's will, to liberate God. Why does God's will exist? It exists to liberate God. The Messiah comes with the mission of mediating between humanity and God, and He is the one who adjusts to complete that.

Christianity is a religion that believes in Jesus, but who does Jesus believe in? He believes in God. So, what should Christians do? They must go out to a place where they believe in both Jesus and God. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Therefore, Christians must do what the Messiah wants and what God wants. They must do both. There is a dual responsibility that they do not know about.

So, what should they do? They must go out to a place where they can die for Jesus and save the world. Jesus cannot save it. So, for the world, I must sacrifice myself, and for God, I must sacrifice the church. That is the conclusion. They are not doing that. A church that does that must emerge.

Through such a history, God is now carrying out the restoration providence, and how does He extract people with such thoughts from each country? There are many countries, and among those many countries... This is one country at a time. Then, God extracts one person with such thoughts from here, and one from there... (Drawing while speaking) Is it only white people? "No." You must understand that. That is how it becomes global, global.

Now, how much will the world of Satan interfere? They will take it all away from here. "Block everything, block everything. Don't let them go, block them." They do this. Mobilizing the global Satanic realm, they make individuals miserable and families miserable. Families, tribes, nations, and the entire world are mobilized, and it is all in a state of emergency. So, they gathered all these people. They gathered them in one place. (Writing while speaking) Do you understand? "Yes." Such a history must be made. A world-historical history must be made.

America established by God's plan
For that, such a religion must emerge in this world. Thus, having gone through the individual age, the tribal age, and the national age, it has come to the global stage, preparing to extract proactive figures centered around a nation that moves the whole world. God has been preparing in some country on this planet. So, 200 years ago, centered around the country called America...

This America was born out of faith, because of Christianity. So, although black people came, many were brought from places like Ghana in Africa, it was not the white Americans who brought them. They were all brought according to God's program for the future. This must be seen as God's plan to involve them in the historical tasks to come. Also, because America has abundant resources, it is a country that absorbs all the intellectuals of the world and combines them into a civilized nation. Good Christian believers all gathered and built it.

Looking at domestic affairs in America, everything is a game of snatching from Europe, what should we call it, snatching and doing this kind of play. They have used the Christian foundation to engage in global games. That is why they developed quickly. Within the Christian cultural sphere, there are representative things that can be extracted in this way that exist in every country. Therefore, if Reverend Moon thinks of saving the world, he cannot bypass America.

So, if you just do this, you can connect anywhere on behalf of this country. Germans can connect Germany, French can connect France, and they can connect anywhere. (Writing while speaking) So, God made America like this for a time to use it. You must understand that it is for a time to use it. If this cannot be done, America will lose its purpose of existence.

If Christianity just spreads and flourishes, how much more will Reverend Moon and the Unification Church struggle today? If the teacher passes through America and does a big thing within about 10 or 20 years, it will be, "Oh, please save me." That is how it will be. So, the quick-witted young people are the first to jump out. Young people are quick-witted. Only those who are about to die remain... (Laughter)

These days, what do church pastors say? "Don't go, don't go." They all say, "Don't go, don't go, don't go." (Applause) After about 10 years of this, all their churches will be gone. There will be only empty fields left, and they will come out and have nowhere to go. That is how it has become. At that time, Reverend Moon appeared.

The activities of the Unification Church in America to liberate God and humanity
At that time, Reverend Moon completed all national indemnity, faced opposition from Asia, extracted all the Asian people, and brought important people from Western society, Europe, to lay the foundation to influence this America. This is the activity of the Unification Church in America. (Cheers. Applause) So what do we want to do? We want to liberate God, liberate Jesus, liberate humanity, and liberate everything. We want to liberate Reverend Moon himself and liberate the Unification Church. (Applause)

During this time, blacks came and people from all countries came. Here, all were extracted. Do you understand? Representatives of nations were extracted from here. Do you understand what I mean? Is there no German, no Greek, no Jewish, no Dutch, no Norwegian? They are all here. We do not know what the past enemies were. We cut everything off. So, all the representatives of nations were extracted... (Writing while speaking)

Now, because the core has been extracted from such a country, if we call this world the Cain world, this is the Abel world. Now, when we look at this, no matter how big this is, it will be pulled away, this will be pulled away. What is it? "The electronic." Is that what you think in the morning? "Yes." How about at lunchtime? "Yes." How about in the evening? "Yes." How about when you sleep? "Yes." Surely, even in dreams, is it all like that? "Yes." Yes, in the end, this is what is being pulled away. It is bound to be pulled away. (Pointing to what he wrote while speaking)

Also, Reverend Moon has some talent to bring in the necks of young men. These will become the center of this country within 20 years. What will happen to this group in 20 years? Do you know what will happen? They have gathered this much while facing opposition, so what will happen if they are welcomed? The day will come when they will all be welcomed. It is bound to happen. From the media to the National Assembly, everything that opposed the Unification Church...

Now, how many cases are there against us? 120 cases? More than 90 cases. (Cheers. Applause) During this time, the Unification Church has not been idle. They are making materials. They need materials. They have taken over everything. Even though the newspapers opposed it, and America opposed it, and the American people opposed it, they tried to catch Reverend Moon, but in the end, they publicized Reverend Moon and made him a hero. (Applause)

When wrestlers get into the ring and fight, the one who loses to the opponent's secret feels bad. They feel bad, but they do not want to learn the method of the one who won, but they do learn it. They learn it secretly. Looking at the Unification Church, they thought it was bad, but the Unification Church's principle is to "liberate God, liberate Jesus, and unite humanity." They thought it was all bad, but after understanding, they say, "I must do that too, I must do that too," and they learn.

So, as they gather, how do they do it? They research. "So, Reverend Moon and the Unification Church are strong." In America, it is "One Nation Under God," but the Unification Church says "One World Under God." (Applause) However, the established church is in this state. They say Christianity is the best, but the Unification Church is not just trying to create Christianity; it is trying to create one world religion, as it turns out.

Now, there are 400 denominations fighting, 400 denominations. So, you all extract representatives from the church. You extract them from religious organizations. When we establish a seminary, we will bring in Catholic priests, Presbyterian pastors, Methodist pastors, and in the future, Buddhist monks and representatives of Islam to study together. So, now, when people from Christian denominations come to Reverend Moon, they say, "Oh, what is this? Our religion only has people who graduated from Methodist seminaries..."
What is this, what is this? Reverend Moon is either a fool, or not very bright, or else a genius.’ That’s what they say. (Cheers. Applause)  
And not only is he excluded from the country, but also from religion. He is excluded from denominations. You all need to understand this. If you are American and belong to a certain denomination, think of it as representing that denomination and representing America. When established churches come in, they will say, ‘Oh, you were here first! Our Presbyterian Church will do well. Oh!’ They will be happy among themselves. (Laughter. Applause) That’s how it is.  
The Jews undoubtedly have nowhere to go. Now they have nowhere to go. They need to come to the Unification Church. At this time, if there is a Jew who came in first, they will say, ‘Oh, we didn’t know and opposed them, so please forgive us for the sake of these people (those who came in first).’ This is what they say. The same goes for Black people. They all come in and say, ‘Oh….’ The same goes for Black people. All countries are the same. It is definitely so.  
300   Restored Families  
Look at the capable, attractive, active, and hopeful community. They come out of religion, social organizations, schools, and universities. They are all taken out. They are all gathered here. So what do we want to do? We want to turn it around and make it difficult. Everyone likes something round like this. Don’t you like something round? “Yes.”  
Westerners are all round. Easterners are all elongated. “What about Westerners? (Interpreter)” They are round, their eyes, you know. They all resemble circles. The sun resembles a circle, right? The stars resemble circles, right? What do you resemble? (Laughter) You resemble a circle. Your hearts are round. So, are they flat or spherical? “They are round.” Do they look like coins, or are they round like balls? “They are round like balls.” Why do you like round things? Why do you like round things? “Because they are round.” This can roll anywhere, it can roll upside down, it can roll upwards, it can roll forward, it can roll backward, and harmony can arise anywhere. Harmony is boundless.  
So our Unification Church rolls anywhere. When it comes to fundraising, if you say to sell peanuts today, it’s okay; if you say to sell chocolate today, it’s okay; if you say to sell shirts today, it’s okay; if you say to sell ties today, it’s okay; anything is fine… Our Unification Church is diverse. The teacher is also a diverse person. There’s nothing I haven’t done. I’ve done it all.  
When I go to the sea, I become a sailor; when I go to the mountains, I become a mountain person; when I go to the labor field, I become a worker; when I go to the factory, I become a factory worker, I do it all. When I go into a school and meet students, I teach them these theories, and when I come here, I become a religious leader. (Cheers. Applause) This is definitely extracting the essence in America.  
So when you see the community, you thought they were different… They are different. What is different? They are capable, attractive, active, and hopeful. That’s what they discover. (Laughter) Because of that, once you know the community, everyone… Scholars who come to the scientists’ conference all say, ‘Oh, it would be great to have a community as a son-in-law. It would be great to have a community as a daughter-in-law.’  
Why do your parents oppose the Unification Church? Because you don’t drink alcohol or do drugs anymore, you are useful. In the past, you didn’t listen to your parents, but now you listen well, so they think, ‘Now it’s going my way,’ and they try to hold onto you to have fun, but you say, ‘Oh, mother, goodbye! I’m going to Reverend Moon.’ That’s why parents oppose it.  
So, what are we doing? Are we living for ourselves? “No.” We want to save the world and liberate God. The Unification Church is about arm wrestling, arm wrestling. Now, the worse the environment is, the stronger we must become. The more difficult the environment gets, the stronger we must become. Is that right? “Yes.” Is that really so? “Yes.”  
So, did Reverend Moon do great things? How is it? “He did great things.” You all know better than anyone how much you have changed since you came to the Unification Church. Have you changed? “Yes.” Have you become smaller or bigger? “Bigger.” How much bigger? So much so that even your parents can’t see you. (Laughter)  
So, if 10 or 20 years go by, what do you think you will become? Think about what you will become in 10 or 20 years. Look at it. Think about 20 years ago, before Reverend Moon started the 3rd 7-Year Course, in 1960. (Writing on the board while speaking) At that time, there was not a single person who liked Reverend Moon. Even the members of the Unification Church said, ‘Oh, I hate being in the teacher’s position….’ At that time, Reverend Moon has now become a figure of global issues. Despite the severe opposition, despite the country, Asia, and the world opposing him, he laid this foundation.  
Regarding opposition, from now on, you should stand in the position of a small Reverend Moon and say, ‘Let’s see in 10 or 20 years.’ The time for opposition has passed. The time for welcome has come. The time for the whole world to welcome has come. There is no opposition. Everyone welcomes it. So, what will you become? What will you become?  
When you look at this, our Unification Church is hopeful. Is it hopeless? “It is hopeful.” Then, to whom does this Unification Church belong? To whom? Does it belong to Reverend Moon, or does it belong to God? “It belongs to God.” So, what kind of being is God? “God of love.”  
Look at this universe, the best house that the universe has prepared for the sons and daughters that God loves. Just the solar system alone is unimaginably vast. In this great universe, there are hundreds of billions of solar systems like ours in the galaxy. It is an infinite universe. Everything is in motion. Everything moves according to laws. What Armstrong did when he went to the moon is nothing.  
Look, do you think there are no golden stars among those countless stars? (Laughter) There could be. Do you think there are no diamond stars? God has placed countless stars representing all jewels somewhere. (Laughter) Don’t you want to go see them? “I want to go see them.” If there is a mountain of diamonds, would you go there and get lost in it? You would get lost. (Laughter)  
Look, would the omnipotent God not prepare anything? The Earth is nothing. These days, we watch movies about Superman, but even he takes a long time to fly from one house to another. How much time does that consume? Wouldn’t God think of something that could move through the universe like lightning? Can God do that or not? “He can do that.” Wouldn’t He think, ‘Now, I will fulfill the kingdom of heaven and show it to my sons and daughters, and I will give this to my number one son and this to my number two son and this to my number three son’?  
303  
Do you think there are so many stars in the great universe that are more than the number of humans, or do you think there are fewer? “I think there are more.” Is that really so? “Yes.” I can’t believe it. (Laughter) ‘That something so big is more than humans. Oh, what a disaster.’  
If you were given a star, would you be able to manage it? Would you be able to manage it? “I can.” So, while driving a car and flying in an airplane? “…” Since you have a body, it’s heavy, so how would you move? Therefore, you must understand that you cannot help but create a spiritual body. It is faster than sunlight. It is faster than radio waves. When the spiritual body goes, radio waves cannot follow. That’s why… When God sees that radio waves are fast, wouldn’t He think, ‘My son would feel bad’?  
Now, in the future, Reverend Moon will move through the great universe with a spiritual body, going here and there, and having a feast everywhere… Think about that. (Applause) Would God think of such things or not? “He does.” What about the house of the sons and daughters that God loves? It would be the best house decorated with gold and jewels. These days, what are the Louvre Museum in France, what are the palaces, compared to the restrooms of heaven? The clothes we wear are so splendid that once you wear them, you can wear them for a thousand years. Think about that. You must understand that God is someone who can do anything.  
Today, communists say, ‘This universe just came into being.’ Are they sane? “They are insane.” This is functioning well, even if it has been for millions of years, better than the machines made by humans today. (Laughter)  
When you think of yourselves, aren’t you less than a speck of dust in the universe? God, centered on you, gives the universe and says He will not change it. That is real. It is not a lie. That is the truth. So, you are the sons of God, the sons of God? “Yes.” (Laughter) You are the sons of such a great being. So, don’t you want to go to that world? ‘If I just get over this hurdle, the whole world will be the heavenly world, a land of freedom, a stage of activity. I want to see the diamond star, I want to see the jade star, oh, I want to see the golden star.’ That’s what you want to see. (Laughter)  
To become that, how light must you be? How light must you be? How much must you be resurrected? Think about it. Does your body interfere with God’s electricity or not? Is there interference or not? “There is none.” What is it? Is it a rock? Is it wood? What is it? Is it gold? It’s not gold, is it? “It is gold.” Has it become gold? “Yes.”  
So, is Reverend Moon greedy or not? “He is greedy.” (Laughter) Then what is he trying to do with you? He is trying to create something like gold, like a golden thread, not like iron or stone or wood. Do you dislike that? “No, I like it.” Taking a hoe, putting it in the field, heating it in the fire, hammering and hammering and hammering… You complain about that, don’t you? Didn’t you complain? “No.”  
You must think about who can heal God’s first love wounds. Why has God become an incapable God? He cannot even do this small thing on Earth, and things have become like this. Think about that. How much of a riddle is this?  
It is because love has been defiled. Among you, many young women must have had many romances in the past. So, which is more precious, the first love or the second love? “The first love.” So, if the first love was with an ugly person and the second and third loves were with handsome, world-famous men, which one would be more precious and strong? “The first love.” Is that correct? “Yes.” Even if the first love’s person has a face like this and is ugly, that is better. That’s how great love is. Love brings about great changes.  
But what about God? Did He have a first love? Has God experienced first love? “He has not.” Then, after Adam and Eve fell, was there anyone better than Adam and Eve? “There was not.” God has inflicted wounds on His heart of first love, so how will He heal that heart? What can erase this? “True love.”  
Can God Himself do that? Is there true love in the human world? “No.” Then what should be done? ‘Oh, I love God, so please come.’ Would He say, ‘Okay, I’m coming’? He wouldn’t believe it. He wouldn’t believe it. So, in the way of opposition, even if God kicks and hits and says, ‘What is this child?’ He must think, ‘I deserve to die a hundred times, a thousand times.’  
What about God? If Adam and Eve had not fallen and had loved, they would have been in love, and if they were kicked out, they could oppose. That’s why people in the fallen world cannot love unless they are at least at the level of a person who can oppose. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.”  
So, a person who lives to receive God’s love, that is, a person who lives to love God can say to God, ‘Please come.’ God can claim, ‘The person who is in a position above the restored Adam is like this because of this.’ The conclusion is that there cannot be anything other than that miserable position I just mentioned. Because such a person has not appeared until now, it concludes that there has been no one whom God could love in history. In the era of the Unification Church, it is the first time to say, let’s do this centered on Reverend Moon. (Applause)  
When Reverend Moon steps forward for His will, ‘God, I know this. So, mobilize the people of the world to attack Reverend Moon. Mobilize all the satanic forces in the universe to attack. In the end, let God attack. Still, I will go. Isn’t that the only way to heal Your wounded heart of love?’ Then God answers, ‘That’s right.’ That’s why Reverend Moon faces opposition. Is that bad or good? “It’s good.” You must understand that it becomes a fundamental ideology that can draw down God’s pure love onto the Earth.  
So, what about you? If the people of the world oppose the Unification Church and Reverend Moon, what will you do? ‘Oh, what is this… What is the Unification Church, what is this Moon Sun Myung? What happened to God?’ Will you say that? “No.” This is a statement that fits the theory. It is a statement that fits the theory.  
You had your first love, but if the other person defiled it, to heal the defilement, that person must enter a position where they die for you hundreds of times. So, if they sacrifice for you, and do it over and over, then naturally, their heart will emerge, and they can forgive and let go. It’s the same. God is the same as us.  
Because there has been no such person, until now, God’s love has not been able to come down to this Earth. If such a person exists on Earth, would God come to see them? “He will come.” Even if you put up flyers saying, ‘God, don’t come,’ and do everything to oppose Him, God will follow you. He follows you from the unseen. (Laughter) That’s why when Reverend Moon is in a place of death or solitude, He says, ‘Hey, hey, I am here.’ Do you understand what that means? “Yes.” Otherwise, He cannot fulfill His will.  
You must suffer more to liberate God and humanity.
man, beautiful woman, I will not seek after them. I will seek after the one who is the worst, and I will become the best wife or husband.’ That is the principle you should establish. 

You should think, ‘Even if I meet the worst husband or wife, I will become the best spouse.’ This is the attitude you need to have. 

Now, if you want to be a great person, you need to go through hardships. You need to go through trials and tribulations. If you want to be a great wife or husband, you need to endure and overcome difficulties. 

This is how you can achieve greatness. You need to be willing to face opposition and challenges. 

In this way, you will be able to create a restored family. A restored family is one that loves all people, transcends all nations, and loves beyond all classes. Only then can you overcome. 

You need to understand that in a restored family, God is present. Therefore, you must love God. You must return to your first love. 

This restored family, as I mentioned earlier, must go through trials. It is not enough for a white person to suffer among white people. A white person must go to Africa and suffer there. Conversely, black people must come to the white world and suffer. Only then can the world become one. 

If we do not do this, there is no way to unite. 

The God who is the most pitiful in the world is our Lord, the Lord of families, the Lord of nations, the Lord of the world, and the Lord of the universe. We must understand that there is no way to unite except through the path of oneness. 

Who does this benefit? It benefits my family, my nation, my world, and my universe. One person represents all of this. 

The reason you cannot complain about Reverend Moon is that you realize, ‘Oh, the teacher has suffered more than us, and he has endured global hardships for us.’ That is the only reason. 

Even while suffering outside, you think, ‘I must suffer more.’ Is that true? 

This path, the path to restore God's first love, cannot be walked by anyone other than those who are struggling. There is no other way to make the world one. 

Therefore, we, the Unification Church members, must absolutely align with this ideology. We must align with this ideology. 

When you apply this love to people, it becomes yeast and cannot help but turn into wine. There is no one who cannot become one, whether man or woman. All fighting and lies will be driven away. When you apply that love, it becomes yeast and dissolves everything. 

Unification Church members must know who they should follow. Even if five people live in one room, if they do not work, try to make others serve them, sleep early, and do not offer anything, they cannot be the owner. 

The one who suffers more than others and is silent is the true owner. If your eyes are sparkling just for yourself, and if everything is going well for you, you cannot be the owner. 

Unification Church members are the opposite. It is the opposite of the world. The world operates one way, but heaven operates the opposite way. 

Here, our Unification Church women may wear a lot of makeup, but during the time spent on makeup, God would prefer if you cleaned the offerings and did the laundry for the whole community. 

Those who do that will go to a different place. Those who are self-serving will go elsewhere. Even if they have entered the Unification Church, they will leave. 

In the world, the only person who has succeeded while being criticized is Reverend Moon. This will be recorded throughout history. 

Even President Nixon of the United States fled after a year and a half of trouble, but Reverend Moon does not run away even when beaten. 

Now those people say, ‘We have lost.’ They say it themselves. The New York Times and the Washington Post say, ‘We have lost,’ and even the U.S. Congress says, ‘We have lost.’ 

Do Unification Church members say that? No. You know it, don’t you? Who made that happen? Was it Reverend Moon? No. Was it America? No. It was God who did that. 

Now, do you understand how great our God is? 

We must establish a tradition of love that serves and elevates in the restored family. 

The earth rotates once a day, and it has undoubtedly been spinning for millions of years. It must be spinning like that. 

If the time changes by even one second, what would happen? This large earth spins without a second of error. It goes for billions of years without a second of error. 

When you see this, you realize how meticulous God is. 

When you reach such a position, that God is always with you. Whether it is a thousand years or ten thousand years, He will be with you. 

Do you know such a God? We believe in such a God in the Unification Church. We love such a God more than anyone else. We fight with such a God. 

My loving heart must remain unwavering for a thousand years or ten thousand years, just as the earth spins for tens of thousands of years without error. My heart must not differ by even a second or a penny. 

That is how you must love God. Are you doing that? 

Do you want to go up and down in love, or do you want to do it forever? What is it? 

Then you can have God in your restored family, and you can be the husband of a restored family, the wife of a restored family, and the children of a restored family. 

Is that a difficult thing or an easy thing? 

It is a difficult thing. That is why, unmarried young women and men, you must dream, ‘Even if I meet the ugliest man or woman, I will go this way.’ You must establish this principle. 

‘I will not seek after good looks; I will seek after the one who is the worst, and I will become the best spouse.’ That is the principle you should establish.
"I have to meet my husband and then my wife." If you decide like this, everything falls apart. That's how you think. What does God do? God carries out this kind of operation. He puts masks on everyone's face, covering them with the mask of the ugliest person, and sends them to the wedding ceremony. Then, at the wedding ceremony, He removes the masks. It could happen like that. But don't think like that. You shouldn't think that way and act accordingly. Those who go with the mindset of meeting the ugliest person should understand that God blesses them even more.

So, do you love God? "Yes." Do you really love God? "Yes." When God appears and says, "I am God," He is born as a crippled baby, defecates in His place, and then grows up to be a young man who marries a woman just as crippled as He is, and they have many children who are all like them. Would you be able to love them as they die one by one? And this God, He says, "You little brats! Why is dinner late? It's time to sleep, why are you bringing it late? Why are you making me wait when I need to pee?" and even hits them. (Laughter) So, would you still love Him? "Yes." Would you still love Him, even so? "Yes." Loving a person like that is the same as how you treat God.

In American families, don't they all try to send their grandparents to nursing homes as quickly as possible? Can they go to heaven like that? "No." Then, is it the way to love God to take care of the grandparents living in nursing homes, cleaning their mess and serving them? "Yes." If there is a girl in the neighborhood doing such work, wouldn't the neighborhood say, "This girl is ruining our America and our nursing homes. Let's kill her." Would they protest? "No." Do you think anyone would protest? "No."

What will you choose? Do you members of the Unification Church want to send your grandparents to nursing homes or not? "We won't send them." What will you do when Reverend Moon comes to your house and says he will grow old and die there? Won't you say, "Oh no, no. There are Yejin and Hyojin, so please go to your children's house"? Wouldn't you say that? "No." If you are like that, are you better than me? (Laughter) I tried to do that too, but I couldn't because I didn't have the time. My parents have all passed away.

Families are in love... Love is something that burns in caring for one another, and you must understand that it ignites in uplifting each other and shines brightly. We must establish such traditions in this restored family.

Let's build a fortress of love in home church.
Now, American families are collapsing. They are collapsing. They have already all collapsed. The world has all collapsed. Everyone in the satanic world is collapsing. So, is this teaching needed in America or not? "It is needed." The young people who are just playing around need to work hard for the world, sweating for it, and even working 24 hours is not enough; they are in a position where there is so much work that they can't sleep. Is that a game for America to collapse or to prosper?

And then, going to God's position, this ideology... "Ah, amazing and grateful God!" For a thousand years, for ten thousand years, no matter what price I have to pay in my life, I must realize that standing before Him, standing in His love, is so insufficient. You must understand this amazing fact. Right now, you may be miserable, but in 10 years, in 20 years, you will become great. That is undoubtedly true, just by looking at me.

In the past, even if I waited 24 hours for someone to come, not a single person would visit, but now, even if I tell them not to come, they line up to visit. Do you understand? "Yes." If I ask anyone, they say Reverend Moon has succeeded globally. That is an undeniable conclusion. When the same God goes with the same heart, He receives the same guarantee. This is the principle of heaven and earth.

So, go back to your families. To return to your families, you must fight in two nations. You must cross paths in two nations, then in two ethnic groups, then among two brothers, and finally between two parents. (While pointing to the board) You must cross paths between the communist world and the democratic world, and the center among them is the free world. Even in the free world, Cain and Abel are divided. In the nation, they are divided, and in the church, they are divided. Even within the Unification Church itself, there are divisions. This wall always exists. (While pointing to what he wrote)

So now, you must find Cain-like home churches and Abel-like home churches centered around home church. You must also find your family back in your hometown. (While pointing to what he wrote)

So, you must walk that path. Don't think that there is no one who can love me; rather, think regretfully about what I have failed to love. God does not lament because there is no one to love Him, but He laments for not being able to love, so continue with that heart. God is the first to love. Therefore, when you enter the family centered on love, you must become a victor who can say that there are no misfortunes or blockages anywhere.

When you stand in this family and look out at the restored world, if you have walked a path so dreadful that you don't even want to think about it, the more dreadful that path has been, the happier you are. So, the struggles and hardships you have gone through are for meeting this wife and this husband, for meeting these sons and daughters. You stand in a position where you can't even think about restoration, not even in your dreams. Therefore, let our families be filled with songs of love. Let us love our wives like God loves and our sons and daughters like God loves.

We must think that our home has walked the path of suffering that can erase the traces of God's first love while establishing love. Here, no matter how much Satan tries to penetrate, nothing can penetrate. Nothing can destroy it. So, how do we build this wall? We build it through home church. That is why home church is precious. All these struggles have been compressed and concentrated into the essence of home church, which has been entrusted to you to take away from all the people in the world.

Why do I give that to you? Why? Wouldn't it be better without it? How nice would it be to just go in without that? If you don't do that, you can go in and out as much as you want. Do you understand? "Yes." So, it is about creating a wall in the era of entering the family of happiness. It is about building a fortress-like wall. That is like building a castle. So, how hard is that? The harder it is, the better it is. The harder it is, the better it is.

You must completely love and pass through home church for the universe to become yours.
So, at this time when all Unification Church members can establish such home churches, it is indeed a remarkable victory that transcends national borders, tribes, nations, religions, and all cultures. It is as if thousands of years of history are jumping forward. That is why even if I die now, I don't need the term "Second Coming" for restoration. Because you have completed all of this, it means that it is not needed. You can live in the infinite spiritual world that God has arranged, enjoying a banquet with God every day for millions of years.

In the future, when the teacher says, "I am going to any star," will you follow or not? "I will follow." If you go like this, you will meet. You will have a joyous banquet. There are no owners on all the stars of this universe right now. That is why I say to you, "You be the owners. It is okay for you to be the owners." You might think, "Oh, won't everything fall apart?" But since the spiritual world transcends time and space, you can see everything. You can see everything. No matter how far away it is, if you see it, you will know everything. (Applause) Look. That is not a dream; it is reality, not a dream but reality.

That is why a smart person like Reverend Moon, who can succeed elsewhere, is acting like this because he knows that. That is why he is playing this game. Why do you follow the teacher? Because your hearts already know and judge and follow. So, to act freely, you must go through the family. You must completely love in the restored family and go. If you pass there, the whole universe becomes yours. God also becomes yours.

Here, what kind of man or woman do you want to meet to go to heaven? "An ugly man." "An ugly woman." Do you understand that clearly? "Yes." Do you know how you should live and go? "Yes." The more you work until your hands are cut off and your feet are bent, the better it is. That is the same as the earth. The higher the degree of love, the higher you rise. The infinite universe can become your stage of activity. Do you understand? "Yes." The computer of the spiritual world is merciless. It records everything as it is.

Sometimes, you close your mouth, squint your eyes, and make your ears small to try to see God, to hear God's voice, and to want to talk to God. Staying up all night, you might say, "Tonight, I want to see God before I sleep, but I can't see Him," and you might cry. Then, at that moment, you will see. That is why it is precious.

Do you now have confidence that you can establish a restored family? "Yes." Are you confident? "Yes." What do you need to build the wall? "Love." It is love, but where do you love? "Home church." Home church is the world. It is a microcosm of the world. That is why all kinds of people are there. In America, all kinds of people live. There are black people, Spanish people, Korean people, Japanese people, all kinds of people, people of all colors live there.

Now, the interesting thing is that when you go to home church, even if you go, white people oppose it, saying "No." Instead, black people welcome you. Isn't that right? They oppose it. That is how it becomes. That is why white people prefer to visit the homes of black and colored people rather than white people. That is how we are restoring. So, you must understand how much history is leaping forward. You might find it hard to go around doing home church activities and dislike working, but you must understand that the historical environment is brightening day by day, heading towards the dawn, to meet the morning sunlight.

You must establish a restored family that receives God's love in home church.
So, what are you in home church? You are the Messiah, the Messiah. You must become the Messiah and achieve the opposing ideals there, giving birth to sons and daughters and seeking the restored family.

Then, do you want to live in a New Yorker building or go live in the home church neighborhood? "Home church." So, do you live in home church now? "Yes." What do you do there? You serve, serve. You must serve physically, serve mentally, and serve with love. It is a re-creation, a re-creation. You are re-creating. Depending on how much sweat and time you invest there, the standard for welcoming you changes. Also, depending on how much opposition you face... Even if you face opposition once, twice, or face opposition from everyone, if you stay calm, they will say, "There are no young people like that in America..." and immediately welcome you. All those boundaries will disappear and collapse. The walls that opposed Reverend Moon in America will start to crumble, right? "Yes." How wonderful is that story?

So, when you think like that, it becomes exciting. Without a doubt, it will collapse. When I fought with Congressman Fraser, I said, "No matter how strong it is, it will collapse. Fight." So, I fought. Mr. Park also didn't believe it at first. What the teacher has done until now is like that. It is all like that. "Oh, that sounds like a dream; can that really happen?" So, do you believe that the walls of the spiritual world have all collapsed and the walls of the world have all collapsed? Do you believe it?

Now, whether it is the Soviet Union, China, or North Korea, through the history of the spiritual world, our Unification Church side is emerging. Our side. The smartest sons and daughters, those capable of handling the theories of communism, are coming to the Unification Church... They say that what their fathers are doing is wrong. You may not know it, but such history is happening in the spiritual world right now.

Just like if a big dam bursts thousands of miles away, it takes days for the water to fill here. "Wow. Reverend Moon was right! Wow, Reverend Moon did that ten years ago." That is what they will say. So, you must be prepared to be able to be ready at any time. Don't think that the past and today are the same.

Twenty years ago in Korea, when I said that young Americans, Americans, and people from all over the world would come to find the teacher, everyone said it was a lie. (Laughter) You are the same. When I talk about what heaven is like, you all think the same. "No." You are a bit better than Koreans. "That's right." (Laughter)

So, you must think that you should now go live in home church. Pack your bags and keep going out from New Yorker.

Now, Mr. Young-Woon, please talk about your home church activities in England, starting from America, and tell us which people have developed and which people have been welcomed.

So, everyone, I ask you to become the undeniable owners of families, excellent owners, and create families that receive God's love. (Applause) *  
          Selected Words of Reverend Moon <Volume 102>       
               Printed January 15, 2002     
               Published January 25, 2002
               Editor: Committee for Compilation of Reverend Moon's Words
             Publisher: Hwang Seon Jo
             Publishing Company: Seonghwa Publishing Co., Ltd.
               Address: 172-1 Cheongpa-dong 1-ga, Yongsan-gu, Seoul
           Phone Number: 715-3894~6, 701-0110 (Cheongpa Bookstore)
           FAX Number: 701-1991
           Registration Number: No. 3-98
             Registration Date: May 20, 1961