Mr. Sun Myung Moon's Selected Speeches
106
Compilation Committee of Mr. Sun Myung Moon's Speeches

Foreword
                   President of the World Peace Unification Family Association, Hwang Seon Jo

Table of Contents
  Foreword …………………………………………………… 3
··························································································9
······················································································· 70
·····················································································156
·····················································································165
·····················································································190
·····················································································277
·····················································································400
·····················································································400


8   
9 
The Ideal Home
Hello everyone! (Cheers, applause) Thank you. I have just returned from a ten-day trip to Korea. You may have heard news about Korea through reports, but I believe there are no problems at the moment. In short, I think a better foundation is emerging in Asia. 
 The ideal being is a central existence that can harmonize with everything. Now, with that said, today’s topic is 'The Ideal Home.' Everyone likes the idea of 'ideal.' There is no one who dislikes it. When we talk about 'the ideal home,' it is a place where anyone would want to live. So, when you think about 'the ideal home' or 'the ideal place,' you should consider whether the place you currently live in is an ideal home, and whether the United States, where we live, is an ideal country. Furthermore, is this world, this Earth, an ideal world? Moreover, while the general public may not know, those who believe in our religion understand that there is a spiritual world, and we must ask if that spiritual world centered on God is the ideal heaven.
 When we look at the entire universe, we can say it is a large house. Why is a large house necessary? If the vast universe is like a nation, then it must contain many countries and everything else. If everything is included in this large house, do they clash with each other? 
10   
When we talk about the ideal, everything harmonizes. So, is there really such a world? It is something we cannot help but hope for.
 Speaking of light, what kind of light would it be? Would it be only yellow light, only red light, or only pink light? Light does not have a specific standard. All lights can harmonize there. Also, when we talk about trees, it is not just trees that bloom flowers; there are large trees, small trees, thorny trees, and everything can harmonize. In the case of plants, everything can assert that it is indispensable in its own way.
 In the animal world, there can be beautiful tigers, but should there be baby ants or smelly skunks? While people may dislike the smell of skunks, they should know that others might like something else. The smell of a skunk could even be medicinal. Who can say otherwise? (Laughter) And while no one likes venomous snakes, what do you think? On this Earth, people might say that snakes should disappear. However, those snakes are needed as medicinal resources. Is there not such a thing in the West? Talking about using snakes for medicine?
 When we look at it this way, if there is a small tree, would it say, 'I am a part of this universe'? Would it say, 'The entire universe is my part'? What do you think? What do you think? Let’s ask you. When we look at you, small children may be insignificant beings, but would they say, 'I am a part of the human world'? Would they say, 'In the history of humanity, I am the main subject'? What do you think? 
「They would think they are the main subject」(Laughter)
 If you think that way, what do you think about the existence of this world and the universe? Everyone, when the eyes say, 'Without me, no matter how great Reverend Moon is, no matter how loud he speaks, it cannot happen without me; I am the center,' would Reverend Moon say, 'Hey, you eyes, that’s not true!' Can that happen? At that time, it must be 'You are the best.' (Laughter) Isn’t that interesting? If I grab a hair and ask, 'Do you belong to me, Reverend Moon, or do I belong to you?' the hair would say, 'Reverend Moon belongs to me.' (Laughter) At that time, if we were to remove such things from this universe, we would conclude that the concept of the ideal would be annihilated. Think about it, is that so or not? You know, among churches in America, the only church that sits on a cement floor is the Unification Church. However, if we sit here and say, 'We are the center,' that is the ideal. That is wonderful. (Laughter) If not, saying, 'Oh, what is this? We are the underlings,' how miserable is that? Even Reverend Moon, despite opposition from America and the world, says, 'It cannot happen without me.' Do you understand? There is the ideal there.
 So what is that ideal? It is the central form that can harmonize with everything. Do you acknowledge that?「Yes」 Then, we have realized that the vague ideal connects itself in a practical way through some direction centered on oneself.
 Working hard for the whole is the ideal life.
 Now, I am saying that I work. When it comes to work, what is considered ideal in terms of value? It’s not just the act of working, but the heart of the worker that matters. Working for others is ideal. So, who is happier, the one who plays or the one who works?「The one who works」 Why? Why? Because the one who works a lot can relate to all fields and harmonize with everyone. Working is not an easy task; why should one work hard? What is good about working hard? It becomes more central.
 In this regard, is playing ideal, or is working ideal? 
12   
「Working is ideal」 Is the work done diligently for the whole, or is it done moderately?「Diligently」 Is it ideal to sit here and listen to the teacher's words while dozing off, or is it ideal to listen earnestly, wondering what is being said?「Listening earnestly is ideal」 Among all of you gathered here, do you say, 'When it comes to listening, I am the best'?「Yes」 You say 'yes' because you are listening, right? (Laughter) Everything is connected like that.
 Now, let me ask you something. Among those who work well, some receive praise while others are criticized. So, which is ideal? (Laughter) Is it ideal to be praised for work, or is it ideal to be criticized?「Yes」 Why? Why? You need to understand this. It is because one can subdue those who praise them and those who are on their side, but they can also completely conquer those who oppose them. Do you understand what I mean? 「Yes」 Therefore, all historical figures and saints, who were not recognized in their time and faced opposition, ultimately subdued the entire opposing nations and environments before them. When doing the right thing, the more the entire world opposes it throughout history, the more the entire world ultimately submits. They surrender. Is that correct? 「Yes」
 Now, if Reverend Moon is not a villain in America, but rather works for the youth of America and the whole, and faces criticism, then America will completely submit. Do you think that will happen?「Yes」 Raise your hand if you think it won’t. (Laughter) So, how should one work ideally? An ideal person is someone who does good work while being criticized. 
When you think about it, there is nothing bad in the world.
 Being criticized is thought to be bad, but there are two types of criticism. There are those who are criticized for doing bad things, and there are those who are criticized even though they are not doing anything wrong. So, what is bad? It is bad to elevate oneself and sacrifice everything to make others subordinate to oneself. That is without merit. So, what is good? It is to completely sacrifice oneself for the whole.
 Then, what is this ideal life? The path of the ideal is the one that sacrifices everything for others, for the nation, and for all humanity, while facing criticism. That is the conclusion. Furthermore, among those who work for others, who is greater, the one who works while facing some criticism or the one who works while sacrificing their life? Which is more ideal?「The one who sacrifices their life」 In that sense, Jesus is truly a great person. When he said, 'Those who want to live will die, and those who want to die will live,' from this perspective, we conclude that he was speaking of such an ideal human figure. Is that true?「Yes」
 What is happiness and what is unhappiness?
 What do you think? Since that conclusion has been reached, it cannot be helped that this is called the ideal life. 'I am the way, the truth, and the life; no one comes to the Father except through me.' How bold is that! 'I am the way.' What kind of way is that? Is it a narrow way or a broad highway?「It is a narrow way」 Also, truth! When he said, 'I am the truth,' what kind of truth is that? Is it a frustrating truth? You must understand everything well. It should be welcomed by all, and everything should be said to be good, and it should be able to be the standard for everything. And when he says, 'I am life,' is it a life that withers and dies, or is it a life that laughs and develops?
 Where should that be welcomed? It is said that those who humble themselves will be exalted. The same goes for waterfalls. Water must fall from a height to be magnificent. Like Niagara Falls…. When you kick a ball, it should bounce high to be ideal. Is it ideal for the ball to hit the ground and roll? What is it? When you kick the ball, if the ball thinks, 'Oh, I’m going to die. Oh, if I go up and fall, it will be a big deal,' would it want to go up? Would it want to be kicked? How terrifying and dangerous is that? (Laughter) Then what is ideal? However, it must be so that it can go far and last long. It can go far and last long. Therefore, the ideal is not just that it falls beautifully but that it can go far and last long. Is it not to kick it so that it goes far?
 Now, looking at today’s American youth, they all like to dance and live like grasshoppers. Do you know what a grasshopper is?「Yes」 Then, who are they doing it for? They are doing it for themselves. A person like a grasshopper does not do it for the universe or the world. There is no such law. You must understand that. While doing disco dances, do they say, 'I do this for the world and the universe'? (Laughter) They do not say that.
 Nowadays, Unification Church members are fundraising, facing criticism and spitting, yet they say, 'Ah! I am not doing this for myself, but for the world!' What kind of world is that for? Getting beaten and criticized…. Is the money they earn for themselves, or is it for the world? So, do you want to be an ideal person? What is the opposite of the ideal?「Hell」(Laughter) Hell is a place. What could be the opposite of the ideal?
 Now, if I live wrongly, am I an unhappy person, or can I be a happy person while living wrongly? There are two paths. Even if one has no house, nothing to eat, and lives every day getting criticized, is that an unhappy person?「No」 Where is happiness and unhappiness? No matter how much one lives in a palace, if that life is all selfish, then living only for oneself while sacrificing everything is hell. Even if one lives like a beggar, if they live this miserable life for the whole and for humanity, then that is a heavenly life. Do you understand what I mean?「Yes」
 Let’s think about whether that is true. No matter how good a house one lives in, no matter how good a bed, if one cannot sleep at night, that is a problem. They feel threatened by people, feel threatened by the nation, feel threatened by death. They cannot sleep because of anxiety. Their conscience keeps saying, 'You should not live like that,' and since they are living like that, conflicts arise.
 While living in a good bed, they think, 'Huh,' and sigh.
 Then, when the wall sees them, it says, 'Hey, you are still cheap.' When the door sees them, it says, 'Hey, you rascal!' The bed says, 'Hey, you rascal!' They all accuse them. They buy good furniture but stay awake worrying that someone might steal it, saying, 'You rascal! You villain!' How frightening and shocking is that? (Laughter)
 Now, on the other hand, even if one lies down without any worries, when they open their eyes, the blue sky welcomes them, all the plants support them, and the whole earth embraces them. That is happiness. The breeze does not even try to brush against them; it just passes by. (Laughter) Think about it. The universe supports them. So, if they cannot sleep, it is not because they have no time; they sleep as soon as they close their eyes. (Laughter) What is happiness? What is happiness?
 Now, when I go to Korea, the world says everyone will die, but I am at peace. What would be happiness? Even if I die right away…. Even if I go to Korea, I do not go for myself; I go for public matters, so my path becomes a public path as a result. Now you will understand. Only those who are ideal people can live in an ideal home.
 
We need ideal people more than ideal homes.
 Do you need an ideal home, or do you need ideal people?「Ideal people」 If we talk about 'ideal people,' then you must become ideal men and ideal women. Do you think like that? Oh, I am
Everything is ready, and what I desire is an ideal home; I only wish for an ideal home. That’s it. That’s the problem. I think everything is fine with me, but the environment is bad, and I believe the outside is bad! 
So when I joined the Unification Church, I felt that while it was good, it seemed to lack love. Everyone is so busy with their own tasks. They all think they are right. When that happens, the members of the Unification Church think they are not bad, and I am not bad. That’s wrong. Thinking that the members are not bad and that I am not bad is incorrect. There are many people like that among those who have joined. Why is that? They are people who are so busy with public work that they don’t even have time to eat, talk, or sleep. Rather than being held back, they go out to fight, and instead of loving one person, they go out to fight for America. 
Now, between the two, of course, it’s good to fight for America and the world, and it’s also good to think of individuals, but since you can’t do both, even if you can’t think of individuals, doing it for the whole is the ideal. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” That is the path to living an ideal life. 
Living like this, many people who join the Unification Church complain, saying, “If we keep living like this, the Unification Church will fail.” But the Unification Church will not fail; rather, those who criticize it will fall. Why? Because the Unification Church lives for more public work. It tells you to sacrifice the individual for the whole, but you sit there saying, “Love me, do this for me.” How contradictory is that? That’s how it is. Before complaining, you should take the lead and act, and then complain. Do you understand? Those who are new here, do you understand what I’m saying? “Yes.” 
Trees grow for ideals. 
Now, as soon as you step out of here, even if there’s someone next to you who is evangelizing, you should ignore them and rush to deliver newspapers. It’s already been an hour; when you meet someone and say, “Oh, it’s nice to see you,” you should say, “Hey, hey, I’m busy!” and push past them. Is that ideal or enemy-like? “It’s ideal.” That’s what’s ideal. 
Now, there’s a tree. The purpose of that tree growing is for ideals. Is that growth ideal? If there are no fruits or flowers on this tree, is that ideal? “No.” Even if there are many branches, it’s not good if there are no flowers. Is it ideal if flowers bloom a lot? “Yes.” It’s necessary for flowers to bloom. 
Now, flowers, do they only come in red, blue, or yellow? All trees bloom flowers. When flowers bloom, they emit various colors of light. If a pink flower blooms, for whom does it bloom? Would the flower say, “I bloomed for this tree”? No. It would say, “I bloomed for the harmony of the environment, for the purpose of the collective life of all.” If the flower is pink, does it emit that pink light for the tree? There needs to be light to attract butterflies and bees. 
In this sense, there is also fragrance. Would the fragrance say, “I exist for you, tree”? No. Why does it exist? It exists for people. 
Why do people like flowers? Because flowers emit beautiful light and fragrance for people. Because of that, they harmonize with people. So it’s nice. How about you all? When you see a beautiful flower, do you go touch it and smell it, or not? “We do.” Flowers wish for that. By touching them, seeds are formed, and harmony is created. What happens there? Life is resurrected. So when I go to a botanical garden, I look for flowers that are green like leaves, but it’s really hard to find them. Have you ever seen a green flower? “No.” If the leaves are green and the flowers are also green, what would you call that? 
When you see that, those flowering trees have a spirit. Both the leaves and everything are green, but why do the flowers emit light? Why? If it happened naturally one day, the flowers should be green, but how do they become pink and yellow? 
Think about it: if flowers were green, how bad would that feel? If there were green flowers, that would be one thing, but if there are bright red or bright yellow flowers, they must have a stimulating appearance. Do you understand what I mean? Flowers carry fragrance, and the beautiful ones harmonize with the entire universe, connecting to life. 
The one who takes responsibility for the worst enters the ideal home. 
So, what color does the Unification Church have? Because of this, it seems to have a stimulating color. (Laughter) So what is it? What color? “Muni color.” Think about it. What is there? And how does it smell? If the fragrance is strong, it’s intense. (Laughter) When I think about it, if God truly exists, what color would God like the most? What fragrance would God like the most? I think it’s the muni color, the muni fragrance. (Applause) 
So, no matter what the world is like, God will surely come and touch me and hold onto me. (Laughter, applause) The ultimate color is the same in the restroom and in heaven; wherever you go, God follows you. How wonderful is that? It can be like that. Then, wherever you go, you will bear powerful fruits of life that cannot be digested by anything. 
We, the Munis, when Sunday comes, when do the flower buds bloom? At 6 AM. How wonderful is that? (Applause) Where do they bloom? They bloom on the cold cement floor. (Laughter) So, having a bad environment is not bad. The worse the environment, the quicker it reveals itself. It reveals well. Do you understand what that means? Thinking this way, while the world calls it hell, we conclude that it is heaven. (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” 
When you think like this, today’s title is ‘The Ideal Home,’ and if it’s ideal, it’s true…. This (理) means the place where kings live in Chinese characters. It means the neighborhood where kings live. Then, what kind of being is a king? Is a king someone who only takes responsibility for the best in the country? Is it someone who takes responsibility for all the worst? What makes someone a king? “Taking responsibility for the bad…” What is a good king? A good king is someone who doesn’t want the good but lives taking responsibility for the bad. That’s how it is. 
Then, who is the king of kings in this universe? God. What kind of being is God? He is not someone who only wants to take responsibility for the good. He is the king who takes responsibility for the worst in history. That’s why God is the king of kings. Before that king, I cannot say that I like the good. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” In the neighborhood where the king lives (理), you must be someone who takes responsibility for such matters to enter. 
The purpose of the Unification Church is to create an ideal home. 
Now, the character for ‘thought’ (想) means that a tree has eyes. It means that there is thought in the eyes of the tree. Trees have eyes, you know? Tree eyes, whether they are high, low, or all around, are all the same. Think about having a heart that thinks of those tree eyes. It’s not that you don’t think of anything; you think of the whole. Then, “the house of the neighborhood where the king thinks of the whole” is the ideal. What does that mean? It means that if God exists, God is that kind of being. Now, what is our Unification Church really doing? “Let’s create an ideal home.” That is the purpose of our Unification Church. The purpose of the Unification Church is to find or create an ideal home. 
So what is an ideal home? What is the purpose of America? The purpose of America is also to create an ideal house. God’s purpose, God’s ideal, is also to create an ideal house. They are all the same. That’s why the Unification Church says, where does the Lord who is coming look for? He doesn’t come looking for me; he comes looking towards families. That’s correct. 
Ideal parents 
Now, let’s think centered around you all. You all have homes, right? “Yes.” What is in the home? There are parents in the home. What else is in the home? There is a loving husband and a wife. What else is there? There are loving sons and daughters. Is that all? There is happiness. 
So what is happiness? Is happiness having a mother and father, a wife and husband? Is happiness having siblings? What is happiness? It is because there is loving harmony that we are happy. When my hand says it wants to touch something, it can get permission for all of that; I can eat whatever I want; I can achieve everything I think; it is a place where everything can respond to each other. 
When you have something good, when you have something joyful, do you want to be happy alone, or do you want to be happy with someone? “With somebody.” Who is that somebody? Huh? The husband with the wife, the couple with the children, and then with the parents…. 
When I look at men and women from my side, those men and women have parents. (Writing on the board) So if there is a man, it is normal to fight with his mother and father every day. Is that ideal? “No.” Then what is it? Should they be together all the time? Is that ideal? “Yes.” Just like with a teacher and a mother. Huh? (Laughter, applause) That’s right. 
Then what are the mother and father? They are not there just for the two of them. They are not there just for each other! That’s not ideal. They are there for the whole, for the sons and daughters. And then, above these mothers and fathers, there are their parents, and above them…. It can expand infinitely. Centered here, it can be like this, and it can be like this; everything can be like this. (Writing on the board) 
Then, if the mother and father have good and joyful things, they gather everyone from the neighborhood and celebrate, but if there are children who say that’s wrong, what are they? Are they good children or bad children? “Bad children.” Now, if those children say, “Oh, when something good happens, our mother and father just hold onto us and enjoy, why do they gather everyone from the neighborhood?” should they say, “You are right. My beloved child!” or should they say, “You should resemble me”? What is ideal? Huh? Our children are the same. “Our mom and dad only welcome guests from 36 families in Korea, and when guests come, they only greet them and leave us alone. Oh, our mom and dad are not like that.” They say that. (Laughter, applause) 
At first, they complain, but as time passes and they grow older, they realize, “Oh, how hard it must have been for our mother and father! When they reach that position, they understand. What is happiness for sons and daughters? What is blessing? If the father and mother are like that, and the number of people who have received that love is large, if the people of the world are like that, then those people of the world love those sons and daughters. Do you understand? If you do that to ten people, it’s not lonely; it gathers the love of ten people…. Only then can the love of the people of the world be gathered through the sons and daughters. If not, if their own sons and daughters are the only ones they love, then the people of the world will say, “Stop it.” They will all complain. The Unification Church must not be like that. What are parents? It is ideal for them to love the neighborhood and the countries of the world more than their own sons and daughters, to love the love of that country and the love of the world to pass it down to their sons and daughters. Is that logic, that way of thinking, true or false? “It’s true.” What is true? “It’s true!” Whether you ask people from the past, present, or future, anyone who lives as a person…. That’s why the universe teaches us through our families that if parents love the universe and all things more than they love their children, they will bring the blessings of the universe to those children. Do you understand what I’m saying? Such parents are ideal parents. 
Ideal couples 
That’s why those who have received the blessings of such parents, when they are British, if that son goes to Britain, everyone treats him like a parent. If they are Germans, when that son goes to Germany, the Germans treat him like a parent. If they are Africans, when that son goes to Africa, the Africans treat him like a parent. They want to treat the entire being that has been loved by those parents. Do you understand? Do you think that will happen? “Yes.” That’s the truth. How wonderful would it be for a son or daughter who hopes for that? 
If a woman has a husband, and her relatives live there, if she says, “Oh, you only love me, and don’t care about the neighbors, don’t meet them, don’t see them,” what will happen? If the sister-in-law says to her husband, “Don’t look at your sister or your mother,” what will happen? That woman will be kicked out. She will go to hell. She must be driven out. She will go to hell. She must be driven out. 
So, American women are like that, right? Isn’t that common in America? “No.” When they get married, they only need the husband, not the mother-in-law or sister-in-law; they don’t say they want to live just the two of them? If the husband whispers to his mother and sister more than he loves his wife, and if he leaves her alone, she doesn’t like it, right? American women are like that, aren’t they? “They say, ‘Spend time for me; what do I need my mother and father for?’” “No.” What’s “no”? You’re part of the Unification Church, so you shouldn’t say “no.” Isn’t that the truth? Then, is this world a good world or a failing world? Is this a hellish world or an ideal world? 
Then what is an ideal husband? It’s a husband who loves me but spends more time and energy loving the mother like he loves me, loving the siblings like he loves me, and loving the sister like he loves me. (Laughter) Why are you laughing? 
Why is that an ideal husband? If you appreciate that and hope for it, then the mother-in-law will have a love for the daughter-in-law that exceeds the love the husband has for the wife, and the sister-in-law will have a love for the sister-in-law that exceeds the love she has for her. Then, in that household, centered around love, the daughter-in-law will become the central being. She will rise to the throne of love. Then it will become an “ideal home.”
It is. Is it good or not? "It's good." I see. What does that mean? "Yes." 
So, can we say that Reverend Moon is bad for saying, "All American families should be struck by lightning, including the president's family and all the ministers' families, and if America cannot be like that, let it be struck by lightning"? And if I insult President Carter every morning, would he feel good or bad listening to that? Who suffers? Would Reverend Moon suffer or would Carter suffer? 
Even if the ladies of the Unification Church are all unattractive, what is frightening is that they have an ideal view of family. (Applause) You have mothers-in-law and fathers-in-law, grandmothers and grandfathers, great-grandmothers and great-grandfathers, and you will marry into a house with many layers of grandparents. Would you marry into a place where there are only two people? "To a place with many." Why? Because there are many people who will love me. This may seem simple, but you have no idea how difficult it is to repent. On the day you do this, American families will be blessed. America can survive. 
The palace of love is the ideal home. 
Now you know how to become an ideal couple, right? "Yes." If you marry and your husband spends the first night with his mother, then works all the next day and spends a week, a month, or 40 days without coming home, saying he loves others more than his wife, would you be happy? Would you say, "Oh!" and cry? (Laughter) Still, if you welcome him joyfully and treat your husband as you would treat your mother, and treat your sister-in-law and brother-in-law as you would love your husband, that house will undoubtedly become a palace of love, a palace of love. Do you understand what I mean? At any time, just holding onto the daughter-in-law's skirt and doing all the family work... Do you really think that will happen? Doesn't it seem like something Reverend Moon has matched up, like the principle of a thousand miles? "The principle of a thousand miles." If the daughter-in-law does this, who would dislike her? What country would dislike that? No country in the world would say they dislike this. If they say they dislike it, that country will perish. That person will perish. 
So what is the ideal home? It is a home created by the power of love to establish a central family that can deal with the whole world. That is the kingdom of love. Do you understand? In your family, you need to love your husband, love your parents, and love your children because there is a foundation of love that allows you to love the universe as an educational material. 
So, to care for the world's grandmothers and grandfathers, extend the love you had for your own grandmothers and grandfathers. If you have older brothers and sisters, extend the love you had for your own older siblings. Everything is about expanding the love of family, which can be globalized; that is heaven, heaven. Do you understand what I mean? 
Next, when it comes to men, if you are like the people of the world, you would try to seduce all the women who have left their homes, women like your younger sisters. But you should think of your younger sisters. Even if you stay up all night talking, you should be able to connect with love without any issues. If you do that, even if your wife meets a beautiful woman, she should not cry. Do you understand what I mean? To globalize the principle of love established above the family, we must unify the family. 
Originally, who are the men and women who can go to heaven? They are those who can love the people of the world like their aunts, younger sisters, older brothers, grandfathers, grandmothers, and parents. Those who have passed this can marry and live on earth and then go to live in heaven. If a woman insults a man in front of him, that woman is Satan. If you deny this principle and say, "Oh, you don't love me..." everything will break apart. Whether man or woman, if they cannot surpass this, they will break apart. That is why giving me sons and daughters, giving me parents, giving me a wife is something allowed as a teaching material to teach love to the people of the world. 
That is not a bad thing. If the husband welcomes all the people he loved, the wife will receive the love that those people had for her husband, so she will not only receive the love of one husband but will gather the love of countless people. 
The family is a training ground to conquer the ideal nation and world. 
Now, among the women in the family, there are those who follow me around and do things like this, right? But if the mother can overcome all that and say that what her husband does for her is what she should do, then she will receive love from everyone. She will receive her husband's love and the love of all people, so how ideal is that? Do you understand? "Yes." Now, it has been two hours. There is no more time to talk. 
This model, connected by love, adapts to the universe. Do you understand what I mean? That is why the family is absolutely necessary. You must learn to love your parents in the family to be able to love people of the same age as your parents, and you must learn to love people like your grandmothers and grandfathers in the family to be able to love people of that age. Then, by loving your sisters-in-law, you will be able to love people like your sisters-in-law, and you must be able to love all your brothers-in-law and uncles to love all of humanity in the world. 
In a family, there are mischievous people and good people, but you must be able to love the mischievous ones to love all kinds of people in the world. You can love such people in the world because you have siblings and a whole family. Do you understand what I mean? 
What is the family? It is a training ground to conquer the ideal nation and the ideal world with love. This is how we see it. But many do not know this. Furthermore, it is a training ground to conquer heaven and God. By playing such games here and throwing the power of love, everything comes together; the world rushes in, the spirit world rushes in, and even God rushes in. Think about that. Imagine the day when God smiles broadly and says, "Ha ha ha." (Applause) Later, He will say, "Oh, my son!" (Laughter, applause) 
So what is the ideal family? It is a place to fish for the universe with love. It is a fishing ground for fishing with love! Think about it. In this fishing, even if the eye is pierced, it is "Ha ha ha," even if this is pierced, it is "Ha ha ha," even if that is pierced, it is "Ha ha ha." (Laughter) For that reason, what is the family we have? "Ideal home." Those who can live in an ideal home are ideal people. What kind of men and women? They are men and women who have such connections of love. 
Now, if you quietly go to that house and look at the woman, love is in her eyes, love is in her nose... (Laughter) Is that good? "Yes." Do you want that? "Yes." Is that an easy thing or a difficult thing? "It is difficult." When you say it is difficult, how will you achieve it? Because you know love, because you know love is precious... 
Let’s create a house where God can dwell. 
Are we going to do it from today or not? "We will do it." Because love is eternal, you can bring your separated parents back together, and you can create a kingdom of love in the houses that have been broken down until now, and it can influence the nation and even the world. You must know that such power is here. So, will you do it or not? "We will do it." We have realized that love is worth thousands of times more than complaining. That is why Reverend Moon has been insulted until now... So, did you come here to help Reverend Moon, to understand? 
Now, if you come here and stumble and fall somewhere, whether you hit your bottom or your head, you will hold on and say, "Oh, I must live." (Laughter) And you will become a "muni" and be insulted and say, "Hee hee hee." So, are we the enemies of America or the hope of America? "Hope." If it is hope, how much hope is it? How great is that hope? It is such a hope that it could swallow America whole. Do you understand? Right? "Yes." That is why you should become a "muni." "Wow, that worked out well," and become a wonderful paddle that can get close to me. 
When I went to Korea this time, the family members in America were worried about me. Is that so? You were worried too, right? "Yes." So why is that? Huh? "Because we love you." You got caught in the fishing of love. When I go to Korea, your hearts follow me to Korea, right? When I go to England, they follow me to England... Even if you don’t want it, it cannot be helped. Just like the eyes of all plants follow the sunlight when it shines. 
Now, when you sit in the established church for two hours, three hours, or even ten hours, you say, "Oh, I am dying," but when you come to the Unification Church and the teacher speaks, whether it is ten hours or several hours, it is good. Why is that? (Laughter) 
Now you understand. All the people of the world gather to create such ideal families, to create a foundation of God's love, to create God's hometown, God's house. It is not about Reverend Moon's house or my house; it is about creating God's house. For that mission, we unite, and for that mission, we hope for tomorrow and move forward. 
Let’s create a house where God can dwell! Then, should it be a house where God cannot help but come? Or should it be a house where God can say, "Oh, I can rest here, this is good!"? "A house where He can say it is good." When God comes into that house and if He is tired, He can snore, roll around freely, kick the walls, and do as He pleases. Will it be a house where God can maintain His dignity? "A house where He can do as He pleases." (Laughter) 
Now, why do we receive persecution? Because it is training to create a house where God can do as He pleases. How wonderful is this? No matter who persecutes us, if God can be pleased, everyone will come in. So when you think of breaking down that wall and training to create a kingdom of freedom, how wonderful is it to receive persecution, and how wonderful is it to be insulted? 
So, in order to find the house of the world, even if I receive persecution, I must have a public heart... When God comes and says, "God, how ridiculous," I must say, "Oh, I cannot leave your house." Wouldn’t that be necessary? Raise your hand if you want to create such an ideal house. (Everyone raises their hands with cheers) Can you complain about that? "No." 
You must become a young person faster and stronger than a flying jet. Who is the boxing champion these days? Anyone is fine. Raise your hand if you have made a new resolution to live like that from November 4th. Oh! Thank you very much. 
Do not be discouraged. 
In our individual lives, we know that people walk the path of life, going up and down. When people go up, they are happy, and when they go down, they are unhappy. Our bodies can be like that, but especially our hearts can be like that, and you must understand that this is important. 
What leaders must possess. 
So, we must elevate the hopes of our hearts. When we have a strong heart, our bodies also become strong. When the heart has great hopes, the body will also engage in great activities. Just as it is for individuals, if God exists, wouldn’t it be the same for God? It is the same for God. God cannot always be happy and laughing. If we humans have become inseparable from God in a parent-child relationship, when humans fall, God will naturally fall as well. When humans rise, God will rise as well. 
Also, in your families, if you have loving parents and loving children, when the child's spiritual state declines, the parents who look at that declining child will naturally also decline. That is why parents wish for their children to be strong, courageous, and hopeful. And if God exists, He will wish the same for humanity. The same goes for Americans and America. It is the hope that the American people will be strong and hopeful. It is the same for anyone who wishes for a hopeful nation in the future. 
In this country, during presidential elections and other events, everyone is making a fuss. What kind of leader does this country desire? First, there must be hope. There must be policy ideas that are hopeful. Today, if it is communism, we must have hopes that exceed communism. Only then can we overcome the communist world. Next, we must be strong. We must be strong. We cannot become cowards and retreat when faced with challenges. We must be strong. Then, we must have wisdom. We must be able to judge matters well. 
This is the same in families. What should our mothers and fathers be like? They should be hopeful mothers and fathers, courageous mothers and fathers, wise mothers and fathers. It is the same. Then how about God, who created the universe? God is the same. God is hopeful. God is hopeful. He is a hopeful God. Then He is strong. He is courageous. 
Untrustworthy families, churches, and nations. 
When we look at this, who should we, as individuals, believe in? Who should we believe in? "God." God is too far away. God is too far away. You must believe in your parents. You must believe in your parents. Now, can your country boast of having such parents? Do you think you have such parents? Are your parents like that? Then it is despair.
Next, who should I trust in this country? In today's America, should I trust President Carter if I were in his position? "No." Then who should I trust? Can you trust your teacher? Can you trust your older brother? Can you trust your older sister? Who can you trust? 

Now, if you can't trust your close parents, can't trust your siblings, then besides your teacher, who else can you trust? Who can you trust? So, since you can't trust anyone, it's discouraging. It's despair. 

Then how is your heart? What is your heart like? You hope for happiness at home, you hope for hope at home. But as soon as you enter the house, you want to leave. It's not fun. 

You say America is good, but what's good about America? When you look around, all you see is despair, despair. You see despair in the church, despair in society, despair in young people, there is no hope. It's all despair. 

Go to a disco dance place, is it hopeful? Nowadays, where are the people who like America? Everyone says they dislike America, everyone says that. The more you look, the more despair you see, despair, despair. It's discouragement. It's despair. 

Among the despair, what is the greatest thing that you can't help but feel discouraged about? Let's take a look at America, which represents the free world. 

First, families are breaking apart. Parents think they are raising their children with love, but what is love? What on earth is love? Mom and Dad are fighting, and they are each focused on their own personal issues. In front of such parents, what can siblings unite over? They tear each other apart. It's the same for everyone. So, you dislike seeing your mother and father, you dislike seeing your siblings. Nowadays, all you have is to carry around a sleeping bag. (laughter) 

So, is carrying a sleeping bag a paradise? Is it hope? "No." It's ridiculous. However, our true heart cannot forget the hope of a happy family. We need a place of rest. That's right. I want to lie down comfortably, sleep comfortably, rest comfortably, and have my surroundings care for me; I need that kind of fence. So, the family situation is terrible. 

Next, what about the church? They say there is love in the church, and they cry out about God's love. Because of that, people think that even if their family is broken, they can find comfort in the church. But when you go to church, it all revolves around realistic human problems, entangled with money, and they come out like that. They deny reality and believe they will go to heaven. But do they have the spiritual experience to do that? Do they have the qualifications? They don't. 

They abandon their country, abandon their family, and go to church, but there is nothing better than family or country. They used to see pastors and church leaders as like God, but now they see them as getting smaller and smaller. They are worse than themselves. Also, when you look at church organizations, people you believed were great become narrow-minded and pitiful over time. The church is also fighting among themselves. 

Then there's America, too. America is considered the best country in the world, right? You think so, right? "Yes." The small countries think that when they think of America, they think they've reached heaven. Nowadays, looking at America, where is it going? Where is it going? Think about it. Do you think America is moving forward or retreating? You all? "Backward." Since it's backward, is that despair, discouragement, or hope? "Despair." 

Moreover, democracy is being thrown away, and the world is in chaos because it is being defeated by communism. In every aspect, they are losing to the communists. The communists, if they center around communism, have the ability to dominate the world until they conquer it. What about America? What is democracy? What will democracy do? When communism is swallowing everything, what will democracy do? A failing democracy, what will it do? It must fail. It must fail. Do you want a failing democracy? "No." 

If there is a family, church, and country that God desires, there is hope. Look at it these days. The Carter administration is in chaos because of the communists. Now, if the next president comes out, will he be able to raise our democratic world above communism? Even if he does, will he have the ability to understand and act on that? When you look at that, it's also disappointing. This is all despair. So, this is despair, despair. 

When you look at it this way, if God exists, if God exists, then leading the democratic world should be a family, a church, and America. Why has America become like this? Why? Why has it become like this? If God exists, would He have led to such a historical relationship? Why has it become like this? 

Therefore, we can conclude that the path of the family is different from the path that heaven desires. Also, the path that the church is taking is different from the will of heaven and the path of heaven. Why has the country become this way? We can only conclude that it has all gone against God's will. If not, then God does not exist. Atheism is correct, atheism. Throw away all religions. 

If that is the case, what we should think here is that if God exists, if God wants a family, a country, a church, and a path, then if we seek only that, wouldn't God be with us? Even now, looking at America, God is discouraged, looking at the church, God is discouraged, looking at the family, God can only feel discouraged. But if there is a family that can be that way, a church that can be that way, a country that can be that way, then God's hope will explode again. Isn't that right? If we only assert that and establish such standards, there will be hope, new courage will arise, and there will be new development. 

The mission that God has entrusted to the Unification Church 
The biggest problem in America is the ethical issue, the ethical issue. And it's about rebuilding the church, church revival. Then there is the issue of victory, the victory issue. Do you understand? "Yes." So what is the Unification Church? What does the Unification Church want to do? It aims to build an ideal nation. 

What is unification, what is the Unification Church? Unification means having subjectivity. Is it following from a relative position? When unified, the character of "unification" means to lead. It means to lead. Do you understand what that means? Therefore, when we talk about the Unification Church, it means to make all churches one. The church represents the family while also representing the country. 

So this itself is like a clan. It means to have clan rights. It is an intermediary position. Here, all clans representing the country are gathered together. 

What is the purpose of God creating such an educational institution? It is to gather all races here and train them. This is a training ground, a training ground. It is a training ground for the future citizens and future families. The church must educate the correct path for families, clans, and nations. In this way, all the prophets of the past took the responsibility of the leaders of that nation; if the king was wrong, they would take the king along with them. They would appeal and take them along. 

So God wants to create future families, future clans, and future citizens of the world centered around the church as the foundation. 

What kind of citizens does He want to create? He wants to create citizens of the nation that God desires. He wants to create families of the ideal nation, and through the clans of the ideal nation, He wants to create citizens of the ideal nation. That is, God's ideal citizen is not a citizen of the past, nor a citizen of the present, but a citizen that can exist in the future. 

Now, since so many families have failed, so many churches have failed, and so many nations have failed, the mission that God has entrusted to the Unification Church is to gather all the failed children and make them one. (applause) Some might say, "Reverend Moon is talking like this to boast about creating the Unification Church," but that's not it. Can you believe that? How do you know if it's a lie or not? You don't know if it's a lie or the truth, but is there a path for my individual self to connect to an ideal family? We need to test that. Then, is there a path for that family to become an ideal clan? Can the clan become national, the nation become global, and the world follow God? Even if I exist as an individual, can God follow me? Even if I exist as a family, can God follow me? Even if I exist as a clan, can God follow me? Even if I exist as a nation, can God follow me? 

If God creates an ideal nation in the world, will that be worse than globalism or better? "Better." God who loves black people is not just a God for black people, but a God for the whole world. God who loves white people is not just a God for white people, but a God for the whole world. God who focuses only on Jews... 

What kind of God does our Unification Church have? "The God of the universe." The God of the Unification Church. (laughter) That's how it is, right? Unification is like that, right? "Yes." The eyes of the God of the Unification Church are different. He does not hate black people, does not love white people separately, but sees them all together; that is the God of the Unification Church. He is not a God who says he will only eat with white people. He is not a God who says he will only eat with white people but will eat together. He is a God who will live together, too. 

And how does God think about black, yellow, and white people? He wants to make them three brothers, to make three brothers. That is the God of the Unification Church. I don't know about the gods of other churches. I don't know about other churches, but the God I know is the best. (applause) I think it's different. 

Even if faced with opposition, let's go in one direction 
So what does the Unification Church do? It creates new marriages that have never existed in history, lives that have never existed in history, fights that have never existed in history, and raises issues that have never existed in history. Westerners thought they only sat on chairs, but they can also sit like this. They thought they only ate cheese and butter, but they can also eat gochujang and doenjang. (laughter) Also, they don't just sleep in beds; they can sleep sitting up, lying down, and anywhere. It's global. Their living is also global. On top of that, they don't complain even if they sit next to a dog sleeping. They say, "Oh, how nice," and sleep together. (laughter) 

If I were to create a cat and be with it, how lovely would that be? Just think about it when you think you created it. If I created it, how wonderful would that be? Even if I am next to a cow that poops in the barn, how nice would that be? That's how I think. It's different, it's different. Do you all feel that way? "Yes." "Even if others criticize me, I will be happy. Even if the world criticizes me, I will be happy." How wonderful is that? How wonderful? That is not failure; that is progress. That is progress. It's different. The Unification Church is different. 

Even the way we look is different. In the past, we looked like this, but now we look like this. The way we look is different. 

Ah, when night falls, in the past, I thought people went to sleep at ten, but now even at two, they are still awake. Breakfast is not at 7 or 8 in the morning; they can have breakfast at 7 or 8 in the evening, and that’s fine. Who made it that way? So what is this little thing? (hitting a member sitting in front) Even so, they go their own way. They endure all the hardships and shed tears, but they still go on. If it were an ordinary person, they would say, "Oh, I'm dying," but they keep going. That's different. They keep going even while crying. Now, which is more hopeful, a person sitting and crying or a person crying while moving forward? The members of the Unification Church are those who are like that. Even while being criticized, they hurry to go, pretending not to hear. 

Reverend Moon goes even if the National Assembly opposes him, even if the entire U.S. State Department opposes him; he goes on despite opposition. Even if he goes to prison, he goes. He goes with his heart. Do you understand? (applause) 

Even if the family opposes, if he succeeds in the tribe, the family will come to him. Later, they will say, "Oh, you came first." Then, even if the tribe opposes, he will establish a national standard. Now, we are waiting in one unified ideal world, even if the democratic world opposes and the communist world opposes. (laughter) How wonderful is that? (applause) Furthermore, if God opposes, He will be thrown aside. He will go to the love room of God, the love room, and wait there. (laughter) How wonderful is that? 

The thought, the ideal of our Unification Church is so wonderful. I will control God. If I have love, I can control God. So, if I have love that can encompass all five races, can I not control God with that love? 

I can control all five races. When the day comes when I am infected with that love, I will definitely be controlled to do this or that. That is called brainwashing. What does a person intoxicated with love think about anything else? They are all intoxicated with it. 

Therefore, that love has only one direction. It is not multi-directional; it has only one direction. It has an absolute direction, a unique direction, an unchanging direction. That is the ideal, the ideal. So, no matter how you turn it, if you turn it this way, it will go this way; it won't go anywhere else. So, is your heart in pain? Your heart is filled with everything in the world. 

In any situation, do not lose heart and conquer God's love. 

When you breathe in air, it feels like the world's air has come into my belly for me and gone out again. Even the American people feel like they are breathing the air that has entered my nose. (laughter) When I say this, they might say, "Oh, that feels bad." They might say, "Look at Reverend Moon saying such things." 

Now, Reverend Moon may be smaller than you, but even though he is small, the universe is with him. The members of the Unification Church may try to match with the teacher, but all the spirits in the spirit world are also trying to match. They are trying to match. How wonderful is that? When the Son of God comes, the universe will align with Him. That is how it should be; the Son of God cannot be like a stray dog. He does not just laugh at a piece of bread; even if there is no bread, he can laugh, and even if he doesn't eat, he can laugh.
must exist. It means that even if you are undressed, you should not feel ashamed. Even if you are dressed, there is nothing to be proud of. Isn’t that cool? “It’s cool.” Ah, is that the meaning? “Yes.” 

Isn’t our morning worship the best in the world? We should see it as early as dawn, right? Isn’t that so? That is our pride. While others are full from eating and burping, we are worshiping even when we are hungry and haven’t eaten. That is what makes it cool. Now, everyone sitting down must be feeling pain in your behind, right? How cool is that? In the future, all of you should stand and worship, standing. How much cooler would that be? And if we tie a line and hang everyone up to worship, wouldn’t that be great? (Laughter) That would be even cooler. We can do anything while expanding our scope, and we can narrow it down if we want to. If we want to make it good, we can make it good in any way.

Sometimes, you can even worship while lying down with your arms spread out. At that time, you say, “God, I am worshiping as a child.” Doesn’t a child receive all of their mother’s love even while lying down and messing themselves? It’s the same. Does a mother not protect her child just because they messed themselves? (Laughter) If that is love, if it is love for God, then it all passes. Love for God passes through everything. It is freedom and liberation.

In the morning, do you feel all droopy and take a deep breath? Doesn’t that feel good? It’s the same. Humans have a compressive nature. Ah, in the human world, you can do everything that others cannot do, and you can do everything that others can do. So, “Wow!” Life is good enough as it is.

So, is Reverend Moon a happy person or a pitiful person? “Happy.” What, happy? What is happy about it? How much suffering do I go through? Do you know how much I suffer? If I tell you, you all…. I am a pitiful person. The most pitiful person, indeed. I don’t have a single friend. What is a friend? I have no teachers, no parents, nothing at all. Wherever I go…. Do you think that nowadays, like you all, my teachers come and prepare lunch and dinner for me, give me good things, bake good bread, and wear nice clothes? Who ever thought of such things? I earned it with my own hands. I did it all with my own blood and sweat. But I am not someone who seeks human sympathy. I am someone who thinks about how God sees me.

Then, if God blesses Reverend Moon globally, and blesses everyone in the same place, then anyone can take a good position. So, in reverse, it expels. So, how far does God expel? If the first person who followed was ten million, then the next is one million, then a hundred thousand, then a thousand, five hundred, twelve, then five, and then it falls off until there is only one left, one. At that time, God…. (Laughter) Even Satan runs away. Even Satan runs away. (Laughter) And then God follows.

So, it is said that you should pass through your family, your tribe, your nation, and the world. The whole world opposes Reverend Moon, but in the end, they will all die and perish. You will also retreat, but you can’t help it. It seems plausible according to the principle, so you just waited and saw, didn’t you? Didn’t you say that the teacher is doing something unnecessary? And that’s how it remained.

Historically, there is no one else who has faced such persecution as Reverend Moon.

As a religious leader, there is no one else who has faced such persecution in their lifetime. The whole world is making a fuss. Do you acknowledge that? Do you acknowledge it? “Yes.” So what does that mean? What does it mean? It means to conquer the love of God that no one has been able to give throughout history. To conquer the love of God, so Reverend Moon has nothing to envy. Now that I die, I am someone who knows where I will go. Do you think I can’t buy a Cadillac or a Lincoln? I have the ability to buy a hundred of those cars. And I can buy a hundred houses like East Garden. But does having that one thing mean anything?

I am not envious of the President of the United States, nor am I envious of anyone. They envy me, don’t they? When Reverend Moon gives an order, all the races can do anything. They can do any kind of play. Do you have the confidence to act on any command the teacher gives? “Yes.” Raise your hands if you can do that. Thank you. (Applause)

You should experience the suffering that doesn’t exist in the world! Your ancestors, like Smith or Mike, have all sorts of surnames, but you are being told to suffer in a way that has never existed in the history of that surname, both in the past and present. Why? Because your ancestors want to honor you. So, centered on the love of God, you will become kings of your tribes. You will become kings of your tribes centered on love.

Then, when you go to the spirit world and it becomes the day of the festival in heaven, when you go before God, you will be holding the flag of your surname, and if it is Smith, you will be holding the flag of the Smith surname, and you will quickly follow. I think like that. Reverend Moon thinks like that. This is all about making it that way. Do you understand what that means? “Yes.” “Just hearing it is scary, but since the teacher says such things, it seems like it will definitely happen. Oh, let’s run away quickly.” You might think that way. If you want to run away, then run away. There are new guys over there, those with long beards, those hippie-like guys, hurry and run away!

But love is absolutely equal. Love is absolutely equal. Look. Those who pass through the spirit world all support what the teacher says. Do you believe that? “Yes.” Go ask anywhere. Is Reverend Moon like that or not? If you lie, it will be exposed. The only person who can say such things is Reverend Moon. Even if the President of the United States, Carter, could do that, could Kennedy do that? “No.” Does that go through? Does the President of the United States go through? “No.” Then does Reverend Moon, who is the head of the Unification Church and is being insulted, go through? “Yes.” Is that true? “Yes.”

So, why did the spirit world become like that? Would it have happened if the teacher was just sitting still, or did Reverend Moon make it happen? He made it happen. You all, how much do you know about the teacher? You know as much as you know about yourselves, right? Our teacher is just this kind of teacher, they say. There are so many things to learn, but they say, “Oh, I can’t go because it’s hard, goodbye teacher.” Do you understand what that means? “Yes.”

A person who has trained for dozens of years, a person who is the head of the Buddhist faith, when they went to Korea this time, they knew through the spirit world when the teacher would come and when the teacher would take the plane, and when I arrived, they said, “You can come in anytime,” and they wanted to see me. (Applause) Are you the only one who does that? If Confucius, Buddha, or Jesus were here, if Reverend Moon were to…. Do you understand what I mean? You have never seen someone say such things, right? If you met such a person, how proud would you be, how much?

So, how cool is it that you receive orders and work through that person? How cool is that? That’s why when you see the teacher, you feel good, right? “Yes.” Whether they are white, black, or any color, everyone likes it. Now, if there are young men and women gathered here, if you close your eyes and just go with the first partner, you will say “yes.” (Laughter) So, they say you have been brainwashed. (Laughter)

Let’s be confident wherever we go.
Now, the time is up. Don’t get too excited and laugh from the morning. It drains your energy. (Laughter)

In America, looking at the family is discouraging, looking at the church is discouraging, oh, the Carter administration is discouraging, and the communist world is all discouraging, but is it discouraging when you come to the Unification Church? “No.” Now, look at our family. As an American citizen, think about it quietly. When you think about living in the Unification Church until now, living cleanly, living honestly, and not living in a dirty way, when you look at yourself, are you ashamed in front of the American people, or are you confident? “Confident.” Think about it. You can be confident anywhere.

In the past, you were dating and doing all sorts of filthy things, how dirty were those lips? Those behinds, those actions, those breasts, how incredibly dirty were they? Just saying you would kiss someone was so dirty in the past! And for women, they hoped everyone would touch their breasts…. That cannot be. How cool is this?

This was made for the son of God.
Think about it. Prince of God, how cool is that? How cool is that? That’s why, being such a person, you cannot act carelessly. Is it the same for men? “Yes.” It is a preparation to invite the princess of heaven. Isn’t that right? Is that the truth? “Yes.” Your heart must go straight up like that. Doesn’t your heart change? “Yes.”

Now, Reverend Moon hasn’t done anything, but did he do well in making you like that or not? How good is that? Even if you give the free world, you cannot change it. Even if you give the world, you cannot change it. You must know that. I am not ashamed. Before God or before humans…. Should I stop now? “Yes.” So, even when I go home, I was not ashamed to meet my wife and children. It is always daytime, daytime. There is no shadow. A husband like that, a wife like that, how cool is that?

Now, would you rather eat a big apple with worms in it or a small, beautiful apple? Which one would you prefer? “The small one.” Right now it is small, but when it grows, it will be something that cannot be changed even if you give the world! It will fill the universe! A single person like the teacher has grown this much. How much bigger will it get? Will it not grow? “It will grow.” Even if you say not to grow, it will grow. I have the wisdom to know that. Reverend Moon has wisdom. For this, I am brave. I have hope, hope.

You must become the center for the families of the world.
Now, what is interesting about the Unification Church is that when I enter a family, they call me father in the family, and in the church, they also call me father. Even when I go home, I am a mother and father, and in the church, I am a mother and father, and it will continue to grow. Even if the world becomes one, I will become the mother and father of the world. It is the closest thing. It is the closest.

What kind of being is God? What kind of being is He? Is He the God of the family? “No.” He is the God of the church. Then He is the God of the nation. He is the God of the world. Now, would you rather have your father be the president or your uncle be the president? “Father.” (Laughter) Who is that God? God is the father in our church, the father in our home, the father in our nation, the father in our world, the father who cannot live without me. How cool is that?

This is the family, this is the tribe, this is the nation, and this is the world. (While writing on the board) What is the center? “Father.” It is the same. The father of the family, the father of the tribe, the father of the nation, the father of the world, that is God. Do you understand? So, the Father is the God representing the world, the God representing the nation, the God representing the tribe, the God representing the family, this is the conclusion.

So, since that God is the Father and I am the son, since I resemble the Father, I am a global son, a national son, a tribal son, and a familial son. It is the same. Is that correct? “Yes.”

That’s why if the teacher who educates the son is Reverend Moon, what kind of education should Reverend Moon provide? He must educate this. So, starting from here, from the individual to standing in the position of God, the individual must become the center for the family. Be the center for the world’s families, this is what I am saying. Then the tribe must be centered on the world. Your nation is the center nation of the world. When we talk about globalism, until now, we have abandoned the family, abandoned the tribe, abandoned the nation, and thrown everything away. But the globalism of the Unification Church holds onto the family, holds onto the tribe, holds onto the nation, and holds onto the world. How cool is that? This is what I am saying.

This is true for any tribe, any nation, any clan, any individual in Africa. Just as God has done for those who are filial to their own parents, He will treat everyone as if they are being filial for the global tribe. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.”

That’s why the path of the individual is directly connected to the family, the path of the family is directly connected to the tribe, the tribe to the nation, the nation to the world, and all the way to God, directly connected. The first grade is for the second grade, the second grade is for the third grade, the third grade is for the fourth grade, and the fourth grade is for the fifth grade, and the fifth grade is for the sixth grade, all of them are for the higher grades. It goes up.

But looking at the world, everything is divided like this. It is all cut into pieces, divided, and chaotic, chaotic, chaotic. It is all despair, disappointment, and nothing.

Don’t go forcibly, go voluntarily.
Now, you must go to the Cheon Seong Gung, but how do you find your way there? How do you find your way? That’s why there is despair and disappointment. Wherever you go, you must go. You must go. Even though everything is set up like this, don’t you want to go? Do you want to go crying or laughing? “I want to go laughing.” Do you want to go in despair or with hope? What is it? “I want to go with hope.” Do you want to go because you can’t help it? Do you want to go forcibly or voluntarily? “I will go voluntarily.” You all are doing well with your answers! To go there, you need courage. 

Oh, in the morning, you want to sleep in, but you have to get up for breakfast, and you should sleep for 8 hours, but you only slept for 4 hours, so you say, “Oh, I’m going to die,” right? “No.” Fundamentally, there must be a revolution. My eyes have all revolted, my nose has, my ears have, my heart has, everything has. And I am not a coward. I am a person who gains the world. Do you understand? “Yes.”

So, when you come into the Unification Church, if I say to throw away Harvard University, you throw it all away, and you throw away all your possessions. In the past, you would say, “Oh, if I don’t have that woman, I will die,” but nowadays, in an instant, you say, “Get lost.” Isn’t that good?

What is the prince of God? What is the princess of God? If there is a ticket stuck to my behind, where is it going? It is going to New York or Chicago, wherever the ticket says. Then what is the ticket stuck to my behind? It is a ticket to heaven, that is what is needed. What is a husband? Is he a husband going to hell or a husband going to heaven? “A husband going to heaven.” It is different, it is different. If the husband going to heaven is attached to my behind, how wonderful would that be? My behind, that couple has a family going to heaven attached to it, and that family has a tribe going to heaven attached to it, and that tribe has a nation going to heaven attached to it, and that nation has a world going to heaven attached to it.
what it is. The pursuit of truth in science has not yet reached the ultimate questions of existence and purpose. 

The limitations of science become evident when it fails to address the fundamental questions of life, such as the origin of the universe and the purpose of human existence. While science can provide us with knowledge about the physical world, it cannot offer us the answers to existential questions that lie beyond its empirical reach. 

In conclusion, while science has made significant contributions to human knowledge and well-being, it is crucial to recognize its limitations. The pursuit of absolute values and the understanding of our existence must go beyond scientific inquiry and delve into the realms of spirituality and divine love. Only by aligning scientific endeavors with these higher values can we hope to create a future that is not only technologically advanced but also spiritually fulfilling.
exists. We also do not know why and how energy fuses into the stage of existence from the previous stages. Why do various molecules exist? Why do molecules have their unique patterns of cations (+) and anions (-)? Many such questions remain unclear.

Molecular biology claims that the essence of life is contained in DNA information, but there are still significant issues left unresolved there. How did the four building blocks that make up DNA information acquire that information?

Despite the remarkable advancements made in the pursuit of truth by science, the fact that there are still many unresolved scientific issues within science itself raises important questions. These remaining scientific problems can only be considered as lying outside the realm of natural sciences today.

The Ultimate Challenge Facing Science

Up until today, science has pursued truth by studying the direct causes of specific phenomena, but it has never dealt with the overall motivation or reason for existence. Therefore, the ultimate challenge facing science is the question of the ultimate reason for existence. Within the question of what the essence of matter is, the reason for existence remains unexplored. In the question of what the essence of life is, the very 'reason for existence' of life itself has not been investigated.

To clarify the reason for what I want to raise, we must first acknowledge purpose, and before recognizing that purpose, we must recognize the will that creates that purpose, namely the 'cosmic will' that transcends all things. When we refer to this cosmic will as God, the first step to clarifying unresolved issues is realizing God's purpose of creation, and the second step is to sense that there exists a causal motivation that directs the physical and chemical elements of matter and life towards a certain purpose.

In summary, the science that has developed for human happiness has brought about obstacles and harm to human life today. The only way to escape this harm is to develop science under a true value system centered on God's love.

If more scientists come to acknowledge that science has reached its limits, they will discover that the key to transcending these limits lies in the motivation that operates according to God's purpose of creation behind all material and life phenomena.

I am confident that what I have mentioned here is the most important and urgent issue facing science today. I hope it serves as a reference for the discussions of the distinguished scholars addressing this year's topic.

Finally, I wish you success in your research on absolute truth and in your pursuit of truth. I am confident that the fruits of your efforts presented at this conference will contribute to world peace. Thank you.

House of Providence

The history of restoration providence began due to the destruction of the ideal centered on God's creation. If humanity had not fallen, the ideal house would have been realized; however, because of the fall, the realization of the restoration providential house has begun. This is a sad fact.

God's ideal of creation is the completion of the Four Position Foundation.

If there had been no fall, Adam and Eve would have become the good ancestors of humanity. Had that been the case, God and Adam and Eve would have become one, and the angelic world would have united. If that world had united, what would be the center governing that world? If they had become one, our living sphere would have become the sphere of the Principle. It would have been institutionalized around the Principle. When we think of the Principle, from where did that Principle begin? It began with God's Principle of Creation.

This created world resembles God's image. We know that all creatures are manifestations of the substantial form of the divine. We understand that they are connected through relationships of subject and object, as well as relationships of up and down, front and back, and left and right. What is the purpose of such an environmental system? It is to move towards love.

Dear friends, what is the ideal of creation? It is the completion of the Four Position Foundation. Then, what is the Four Position Foundation? It refers to the origin of true love centered on parents. Next, it refers to the perfect unity of love between parents and children. That is not temporary but eternal. It is both eternal and absolute. The point of that love is unique, unchanging, and absolute. Such love is not only found in God, nor only in the father or the mother; it is established on the foundation of the family.

The divinity of the family centered on that love is absolute because love is absolute. Furthermore, this is absolute in all relationships. In that context, if one is violated, it signifies the destruction of the whole, and thus it cannot be tolerated. Therefore, the Four Position Foundation itself must protect and defend love, even at the cost of one's own life, in matters where love is at risk. The most fearful thing is the breaking of the foundation of that love. That becomes a core that expands into the world.

Thus, from one Adam family, the family of sons should arise, and the families of parents and sons must become one. Therefore, if the Four Position Foundation has unfolded, this Four Position Foundation will transition to the Four Position Foundation of the future spirit world. In this view, the spirit and flesh must become a straight line at a 90-degree angle. There is only one path that can pass through this 90 degrees. There must be a center of the universe. There must be a center of the universe. Only then can the family of Adam give rise to the family of sons… (while writing on the board).

The best textbook teaching love to humanity is the Adam family that has achieved true love. If there is a textbook of love in the history of humanity, where would it have come from? Where would the textbook of love be? It would have started from the Adam family. Therefore, who were Adam and Eve? They are the best textbooks teaching love to humanity.

For this reason, a man's love should be like Adam's, and a woman's love should be like Eve's; there is no other way. Furthermore, if parents are such, then how should the love of their children be? It should be like Adam's sons and daughters. In that light, Adam would want to boast about his sons and daughters, and Eve would want to boast about her husband and children, and the children would want to boast about their mother and father, and if they have an older sister, they would want to boast about her, and if they have an older brother, they would want to boast about him.

Speaking of Adam, who did he have? He had Eve, and then he had children. (while writing on the board) When you think of it this way, these days when I see Americans, they are good at boasting about themselves. The other day, when I was speaking in Los Angeles, I laughed when I recalled that during the colonial period, Japanese people used to say, "Americans, Westerners are so individualistic that they always capitalize the letter 'I' in every sentence." But there is something to that. (laughter)

Before boasting about himself, Adam boasts about Eve and his children; this is boasting about three people. He boasts about his wife and his children… That is what he wants to boast about.

Now, imagine four people boasting about themselves. What fun would that be? But if they boast about each other, what about God? What would God do? God boasts about me. "Hey, that's my son!" He boasts. If here, someone boasts about themselves, what would God say? "You rascal, you rascal…" If you boast about yourself, you will eventually boast before God as well. Ultimately, it leads to that.

Because God is the king of wisdom, what kind of law does He establish? It is for the sake of others… A husband can boast about his wife, and that is okay. A wife can boast about her husband, and that is okay. Then, a mother can boast about her husband to her children, saying he is wonderful. Then, it is also okay for children to boast about their father and mother. In this view, whoever the father boasts about, when he boasts about someone else, it all comes back around. It is all okay.

Imagine the father saying to the children, "I am better than your mother." (laughter) The problem becomes complicated. Of course, both the father and mother must be good, but among fathers, there will be some who are doctors, and among mothers, there will be some who are not well-educated. Yet, does the father say, "Oh, I am the best…"? That should not be the case. For the family to be peaceful and to establish a system, love must be the basis of communication. It must be based on love from the parents… Not money, knowledge, or power. What is it? "Love." Do you all acknowledge that? "Yes."

So what kind of love is it? "True love." What is true love? "God's love." What is God's love? It is the love that God likes. What is that love that God likes? It is the love that is for the whole. Then, what is the opposite of true love? "Evil love." What is evil love? It is love that is for oneself. This theory is established.

The world of love for the benefit of others is the heavenly world.

What do you want? "True love." Nowadays, in America, if you become a millionaire, you boast a lot, but is that all? "Yes." And you stack up money like this, then you stack up knowledge, and isn't a Ph.D. good? "No." Why "no"? You all want to go to good schools, and when you get a Ph.D., you make a fuss about it, right? You don't like it? "Yes." Then there is power; if I take responsibility, I don't want to be infringed upon by anyone, and if it happens a little, I will quit, right? "No." What is "no"?

You have all three stacked up. The more you look at it, the more interesting it becomes, and the more you need it… Looking at this, everything in the world seems to be at your fingertips, but there is no law of love. Love is invisible. So, will you exchange everything for invisible love? "Yes." Think about it, how empty would it be if that were true? "Not at all." Then, would the people of the world, the American people, care about carrying around this bundle, or would they care about carrying around the invisible love bundle? "The invisible love bundle." If you ask your heart, it is the invisible love bundle…

Our young ladies, when they get married, do they look for knowledge, money, or power, or do they look for love? What do they look for? (laughter) Now, what about it? What do people in the world think? Do they look for that, or not? Do they think about it or not? What about you? Do you prefer to wear nice clothes or bad clothes? Do you prefer to love while wearing nice clothes or while wearing bad clothes? What does that mean? It means it is necessary.

Now, who looks better, a person who loves while wearing nice clothes or a person who loves while dressed carelessly? (laughter) No matter how nice the clothes are, in front of a real person, it is all useless. Do they only love while wearing nice clothes, or only in the palace? The laborers in the shacks are also loving in smelly places. So, what is better? What is better? What is better? I really don't know. Therefore, no matter how much love exists in the palace, love centered on oneself leads to hell, and no matter how humble the laborer loves, love that is for each other leads to heaven.

When you think about it this way, the two worlds begin to unfold from there. The world of love for one's own benefit is the world of Satan. The world of love for the benefit of others is the heavenly world. It is clearly divided. Wouldn't it be nice if it were the opposite? Why is that?

Look. You have learned about the relationship between subject and object through the Principle. This must act. (while writing on the board) What we need to understand here is… Today, it is said that there is power in the universe. It is said to be made of power. Can that power just arise? Therefore, is energy first, or is action first? This is the question. That question is significant.

The center connected to the direction of the action of subject and object is love.

Think about it. Which comes first? Without the relationship of subject and object, power cannot arise. There are many elements, but you cannot just force the elements in a chemistry lab to move and combine as you wish. They combine according to the elements that correspond to them; it is not the lab supervisor who dictates how they combine. Therefore, the relationship of subject and object must be established. Only then does action occur. Action is formed by the relationship of subject and object, and power manifests through action. That is how it should be viewed.

So, what exists before power? There is action; this logic is established. What exists before action? There is the relationship of subject and object. Based on this foundation, subject and object act, but they do not act until they discover a common purpose of mutual benefit. This is the universal law.

What is good? It refers to what is beneficial. What is bad? It refers to what is detrimental. Isn't that right? It is the same. If I push, it falls. When it is detrimental, no matter how much I try, it won't go. It keeps turning back. That is how it is. Therefore, all our existence has the quality to interact with the other, the quality. Any being… Thus, women need men, and men need women. If a woman says, "Oh, I only need a woman. I am fine with just a woman," that ignores the origin of existence.

What exists before power? "Action." Where does action come from? Does it act even when it is detrimental? "No." If there is a benefit, one benefit spreads out, and another spreads out, and they all throw themselves together, gathering and sticking to themselves? Does that stack according to one direction, or does it stack randomly? What do you think? "According to direction…" It stacks according to direction. If both plus and minus are stacked together, will they curse each other, saying, "You rascal"? Will they look at each other and be happy? "They will be happy."

Then, what is the center connected to the directionality that allows those two to be happy? For humans, for men and women, it is love. Does that feel good or bad? "Good." Does that love have directionality? "Yes." Then, can the directionality of that love, centered on men and women, connect to a greater love? "Yes." Therefore, the love that exists between the two is centered on a greater love.
Connecting with the Lord and connecting with the greater love of the Lord. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."  
The bridge that connects heaven and the universe is the bridge of love.  
Where do you belong? You belong to the Unification Church, right? Unification Church! (Laughter) Where else do you belong? You belong to America. Where does America belong? "To the world." Where does that world belong? "To God." So, America is good, the Unification Church is good, the world is good, and the greater God is good, but there must be one way that can connect all of that. What kind of way should that be? Wouldn't it be great if that way were the way of money? If it were the way of knowledge, how wonderful would that be? "No thanks." How about power? "No thanks." Whether it's knowledge, money, or power, there is not a single person who will accept that.  
We, the people of the Unification Church, are foolish people who cannot think at all, so we say that love is the most important, right? "No." Are your heads spinning? "No." Then I will believe that too. (Laughter) This is something that cannot be done. It is an impossible conclusion. Then how about people of the past? Would they give the same answer? "No." What about people of the present? And what about people of the future? "No." Nowadays, with disco dancing and everything else, love and whatever else is done recklessly, where is the direction?  
Therefore, there must be one way that connects. So, from man and woman, to couples, to families, to nations, to the world, wherever you go, it should be welcoming.... Do you think that could happen? "Yes." The way of love is the way of love, but what kind of love is it? It is the love that God likes, the love that God likes. Furthermore, is that love the love that people witness to, or the love that God witnesses to? That love is the love that God witnesses to, so all beings that resemble God's character cannot oppose the way that love goes and are bound to welcome it.  
This is separated as it is, but if you draw it like this, what kind of picture does it become? It is simple. The center of the universe is centered on this, where heaven and the entire universe can connect. (Drawing while speaking) This is how it becomes. What this all means is the bridge of love. Do you understand? "Yes." What does this mean? It means that wherever there is the character of the bridge of love, a bridge where love can connect is established. This is the public law of the universe. What is passed here is also passed there, and what is welcomed there is also welcomed here. You can exist anywhere. You can be welcomed anywhere, anywhere.  
Now, let me ask you one thing. Men are born haphazardly, and women are born haphazardly, so when they see each other, it seems like neither can live with any charm, but they live wonderfully. (Laughter) Then can that person think, "Oh, my fate, how could I live my whole life looking at that face after marrying such a woman? When I die, I hope to get a beautiful woman..."? Can they think that or not?  
However, if they think, "True love means living better and happier centered around someone as unattractive as me. That can receive more of God's love and blessings," then how wonderful is that? If they live like that, wonderful sons and daughters like God will be born to them. And above, God praises them, and below, they have sons like God who say, "Our father and mother are truly wonderful." When people around them see, they say, "Wow, what wonderful parents. What a wonderful son." Such things happen.  
If one thinks centered on oneself, God will run away, the sons and daughters will run away, and even that woman will disappear. In the end, what will happen? They will lose everything, even love, and will flow away. That is the reality. The fact is like that. To love others requires development. Now that you know this...  
True love and the training ground is the family.  
Now, look. If you look at the situation like this, there is a bridge of love in the family as well. Here, there are mother and father, and then there are sons and daughters. The same goes for organizations. If there is a president, there is the president's spouse. Then there are men and women here. The same goes for the Unification Church. Do you understand what I mean?  
In America, there is a president, and what do they call the first lady? There are men and women. The same goes for the world. Even if the world becomes one, it is the same. It is just larger, but it is the same. Isn't that right? "That's right." Heaven and earth are the same.  
Then what should we do? What we need to understand here is where to conduct this ideal training. The training ground for the ideal framework is the family. Therefore, how should we think? Where did our father come from? He came from the heavenly kingdom, from the great world, we must think like this. He came from the heavenly kingdom. Then where did he come from? He came from the world. Then where did he come from? He came from America. He appeared as my father through some tribe of America, have that kind of concept. The same goes for the mother. Where did our mother come from? Yes, our mother is a representative of the heavenly kingdom, our mother is a representative of the world, our mother is a representative of America, our mother is a representative of our clan in America, whether it is Smith or McDonald, and she was sent to our house.  
Why do mom and dad have to get married? Because there is no way to connect with this world, because that way has been cut off, marriage is to create harmony here. This ties these two lines together. So if these two pull this line, the entire universe is drawn along. Think about it. Have you thought about that? "Yes." (Laughter)  
If you catch with this net of two loves, even if you catch America, even if you cover America, it will be 'huh-huh,' and even if you surround God, it will be 'huh-huh.' As I mentioned earlier, as long as you have this, you can pass anywhere. You can pass anywhere. When Buddhas say, "Oh, good," the universe, God, and everything says 'huh-huh' good. (Laughter) When two hold on and become one, they go around together. If one dances alone, how awkward and ugly is that? However, when two hold on and like each other, it fits. Why is that good? Because it fits. Why does it fit? Because it is ideal. Because it is an ideal union.  
When viewed this way, if there is a method that can cut this off and destroy it, what would that method be? In that regard, loving oneself is the greatest enemy. God is a God of love, but why can't Satan forgive? Jesus said, "Love your enemies," but what does it mean to love your enemies? It means to love the enemy person, not to love the enemy Satan.  
The path of providence is the path of sacrifice and the path of restoration.  
What is Satan? What is Satan? Our human nature is all about the heart of love that serves others, and even though it welcomes that, establishing love for oneself is Satan. Is there any objection to that? "No." This is the root that destroys the universe, so heaven cannot forgive it. It cannot forgive. In this evil, fallen world, among all those who are self-centered, establishing this principle is God's providential will, so the path of providence that follows God is to sacrifice and serve. It is all about sacrificing oneself. Do you understand what I mean? That is why religious people have suffered humiliation until now.  
Why is it called the Unification Church? What is the Unification Church? What does unification mean? It means that we must go the path of sacrifice and restoration that combines all religions. What does that mean? It means that the Unification Church is the easiest to believe in, right? "No." What is not? What is it then? It is the most difficult, the hardest to believe in the Unification Church. To truly become a member of the Unification Church, one must be able to sacrifice oneself, but also be able to sacrifice one's spouse, one's children, and even the Unification Church itself. If there is a nation of the Unification Church, one must be able to sacrifice that nation, and if there is a world of the Unification Church, one must be able to sacrifice that world. That is the kind of mindset one must have.  
Now, Reverend Moon, in order to make the Unification Church a Unification Church that can truly stand before the world, the Unification Church must be sacrificed. Why is it quiet? (Laughter) Do you have confidence that you will pass here? "Yes."  
Now, we have blessed men and women, and when they say, "Oh, the Unification Church is hard, I can't go to a church where my wife is chasing after CARP activities while putting the baby in nursery school. Let's go, let's go," what should they do? How do the women feel? At that time, they should scold them like thunder, "You are ruining heaven, ruining your husband, ruining your children, ruining everything!" (Laughter) Do you want that? "Amen." I'm not an amen, you know? Should I also say amen? "Yes." I am not an amen. Then what should we do? We must sacrifice you and pull you along. (Laughter. Applause)  
God has sacrificed those He loves until now. God has sacrificed Himself, but He has also sacrificed those He loves. He has sacrificed His beloved tribes, clans, nations, and all Christian people around the world. So, until Satan says, "I cannot hinder you," that providence continues, and that is the restoration providence. What religion can do that? Does Christianity do that? Does Buddhism do that? No religion has been able to do that, no religion. Only the Unification Church, which is persecuted in the world, is trying to do that. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."  
The restoration providence is a history that comes by hitting and taking away one step ahead.  
What kind of person is Reverend Moon? What about me? I am the same. In going through the official providence, I am the same. When trying to sacrifice for the purpose, if my wife and children oppose me, I will cut off everything and go. Whether it is parents, wife, or children, even if everyone opposes, I will go. So, Reverend Moon is someone who has abandoned parents, friends, wife and children, country, and everything. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."  
You say the path of the Unification Church is Eastern, but what is Eastern about it? It is not. If it were Korean or Eastern, why would I be opposed? Also, why would I be opposed in America? If it were American, why would I be opposed in America? If I were dancing disco or drinking, what would there be to oppose? The way I do things is neither American nor Eastern. It is heavenly. (Applause)  
Now, what does God do? God has been in heaven until now, and has come here, loving individuals, families, tribes, and nations, and has gone through this history. Among religious leaders, what is particularly different about Reverend Moon is that he follows the principle that God wants to love like this. After I was called before heaven, I said, "The world cannot go this way, but I will."  
When I was in Korea, I loved the members of the Unification Church more than I loved my parents, more than my wife and children. Even so, my parents and wife and children opposed me. Do you understand what I mean? That is why families have all broken apart. That is how it comes to be.  
We must go that way. Personally, domestically, and tribally, nationally, it is the same.... After loving more, after loving the tribe, after finding the family, after loving the country, after finding the tribe, after loving the world, after finding the country, after loving heaven and earth, we must find the world. That is how the history of restoration comes about. It is a history that comes by hitting and taking away one step ahead.  
Now, do I love America or not? "Yes, I love it." I give everything. You are in debt. You are in debt. Will you repay that debt with money or power? "No." You must repay it with love. Because of that, because I love you, you.... If you are with a Korean person, even those who look like they have a bowl-shaped head will all be thought of as teachers. So, you all say you want to marry a Korean person, right? Why is that? Why is that? You are trying to repay the debt. Your true heart is to repay the debt.  
Look. There is a distance between Korea and America, and Reverend Moon comes here, and does this, and does that, and keeps doing this.... (Writing while speaking) Where does that come together? It comes together here, in the middle. It meets at the extremes, at the extremes. Here below is Korea. Below that land is Korea. It is a one-hour difference. The distance is not far, just one hour. The bottom here is Korea. Do you understand what I mean?  
What do the extremes meet with? With love, with the net of love. This is not human power. Does Reverend Moon harmonize? Just like sprouts come out in spring, in the world of God's love, you all sprout and go to find your faces, and the fortunes of the East and West can exchange. You must understand that this fact is an amazing fact.  
To live in the house of providence, one must have absolute faith, absolute character, and absolute love.  
So, what is the title today? What is the title? "House of Providence." You said "House of Providence," so what is God envisioning? It is to create one house, one house. Is it a small house or a big house? "A big house." It is a big house, but how do we build it? It is an expansion of the house, the expansion of the house. It is the expansion of the house. That is why the Unification Church is called blessing. What is blessing? What is marriage?  
Look. To be blessed, what must you do? Fallen humans must go out of this fallen world, go out and restore everything, and come back to be blessed. Only then will Satan not follow you. Satan does not follow. Are you all like that? Now, as I said earlier, those who live in the ideal house must have eternal love, absolute love, and unchanging love.  
Then how much should you believe in people? How much should you believe? You must believe absolutely. What kind of person was Adam before the fall? What was the first thing Adam should have? Absolute faith, absolute faith. In whom? "In God." What next? "In the sun." What next? "In children." You all...
Is there something like that? You are all soaked in the habits of American culture and are divided as you please. Habituality, habituality! You are all soaked in habituality, right? 
Do you all like hamburgers? "Yes." That's habituality. A person who sleeps in late always has the habit of sleeping in late. "I learned this way and I live this way, and this Unification Church method, the teacher is wrong," people like that... Do you not think that the heavens above are moving and the providence of restoration is being pushed forward? "I think so." Then what about the path that Reverend Moon of the Unification Church is taking? God is more interested than you are. It's different. That's the problem. Everything you have learned until now through habituality is not needed there at all. Not needed at all. Knowledge, money, power, none of that is needed there. Only the center of love... (the recording cuts off briefly) 
What does the American people have to do with the providence of restoration, and what does power have to do with it, and what does knowledge have to do with it? They opposed it, opposed it. Right? "That's right." The habituality and cultural background you have all become enemies. They have not helped at all in the providence of restoration. They do not help in love. Have they helped in the path of love? You need to understand that clearly. What kind of glasses does God wear? He sees through the glasses of love. Love centered on oneself is an enemy, an enemy. You must have absolute faith. 
Then what comes next is absolute personality. Satan cannot come and do as he pleases. When you whisper next to each other, do you get shaken? "No." When he comes and says, "Do not report this to anyone," that is Satan. And if you listen to that and do not report it, you become part of Satan. You become part of Satan, the archangel. 
When Satan says, "You should do this, you should eat this," you must immediately go and report to God. "He says to eat this, should I eat it or not?" You must report it. If you do not report it immediately, you also become part of Satan. If you carry that, you will go to hell. Hell, do you understand what I mean? "Yes." If you do not report that, you need to know that you are on Satan's side. You must report immediately. Even if they say not to report, you must report. Do you understand that clearly? That is not loving a friend. Because of that one person, countless people are sacrificed. 
For example, when Satan comes and says to Reverend Moon, "Oh, do not report this to God," if you say, "Okay," and do not report to God, what happens? You become part of Satan, part of Satan. You need to understand that clearly. You must understand that clearly. There are principles to all of this. Mr. Park is the same. Mr. Park must report to me if he listens to what I say. If he does not report, he is immediately dragged into the side of Satan. And our leaders might say, "Oh, let’s report good things to the teacher, and let’s not report bad things," but that is all Satan, Satan. 
When you get sick, you must have surgery quickly. Do you do the surgery yourself? Who cuts? Who does the cutting? The teacher must cut, not someone like Neil or Mr. Park. If you cut wrong, you will fall under the law. You will be caught by the law. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." If this system does not work properly, the communists will infiltrate. You must understand that clearly. Do you understand what I mean? You must immediately report to your superior, and the superior must report immediately to their higher-ups. If there are people like that until now, those who have that kind of content must report immediately. If there is such a person, they are Satan in front of their superior. Satan must be dealt with. Do you understand what I mean? You each must observe such things in the future. Do you understand? You must not be swayed by Satan, and do not listen to Satan's words. 
When I hear that someone falls in America, I do not worry about that... God is there. When someone goes against the principles, when that person goes out, God will send someone greater in their place. He will definitely send someone. But did Reverend Moon not take responsibility? I did not fail to take responsibility. You must understand that clearly. (Applause) 
Then what comes next is absolute love. There is nothing else. Even if the communists put Reverend Moon in prison and do all sorts of things, he loved God to the end. He believed in God absolutely. If I made a promise, what I promised is absolute, and if he commands me, I understand that absolutely. Whether it is difficult or easy, that is not a problem. 
Even in prison, a filial son must act as a filial son. A loyal subject must act as a loyal subject even when in prison. That does not mean that I prayed, "Oh, God, I am in prison..." I never prayed like that. I said, "God, do not worry! I will break through from the bottom of this communist world all the way to Moscow." I thought I must break through the communists all the way to Moscow. Do you understand what I mean? That is why God believes in me. Because God believes in me, I have not perished and have not died. 
Also, I do not waver. It is absolute. I do not waver. I do not look around and waver. If the world opposes, let them oppose. I will break through. Let’s see who breaks. Then what comes next is absolute love. That is the path Adam must take. That is what the sun must possess, possession. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." If you only have that, the whole world will come running to you. The whole world will come running to you. 
Now, I have no money, no power, but the world is coming to me. If many people need money, I will lend it to them. So do you need to stick out your belly and say, "God, test my faith"? If Satan tries to test you, you should say, "God, test me more than Satan." Have you ever thought like that? Even if you focus on your personality and test your personality, you will not be dragged by Satan. No matter how beautiful a person comes and tempts you, no matter how sweetly they speak, you will not be dragged. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You must stand firm, centered on absolute love. 
In loving, you must love God more than your mother, more than your wife, and more than your children. To love God more, you must also sacrifice the members of the Unification Church. Then the members of the Unification Church will receive God's love and will receive Reverend Moon's love. 
The future generations of the Unification Church will boast of you. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 
Unification Church members must establish the tradition of absolute faith, absolute personality, and absolute love. The teacher has been teaching you to "sacrifice for America! Sacrifice for the world!" I am suffering like this in America. I am giving all my possessions to do this work. I am making Koreans suffer because of America, making Japanese suffer, and making Europeans suffer too. Right? "That's right." So, do you not want to suffer? That will lead to ruin. It will lead to ruin. That is why I am trying to make you suffer more. I am trying to make you suffer more than Europeans, more than Japanese, more than Koreans. That is how you will be loved and how traditions will be established. 
Is that wrong? Is that wrong? Is that wrong? "No." I am trying to make you people who can love America more than I do. Do you not know what America wants, what the American people want, and what your ancestors in the spirit world want? Do you understand what I mean? If white people cannot do it, black people will follow, and if black people cannot do it, the Spanish will follow Reverend Moon's tradition. 
After this, if after 8 years everyone runs away, I will appeal to the Asian people. If I inject the money I used in America into them, if I inject more than that, we will completely become one. Right now, I am making Asians suffer. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." It will happen as the teacher says. I will go to white people and love them. I will elevate even those without merit. If someone wants to protest to the teacher, let them protest. Is that wrong? You must understand that clearly. 
You must not let your heads shake. Your heads must not shake. The communists are whispering, and all sorts of people are whispering. Do you believe in the Unification Church like that? How much do Unification Church members believe? Do they believe as much as the teacher? "Yes." Then how did the teacher succeed? 
Now, personality, absolute personality! Absolute personality does not go deeply into gender issues centered on love, this is the standard. You all have experienced all sorts of games and nonsense in the past, right? So even after coming into the Unification Church, do you not think, "Oh, I miss the old days...?" "No." What is "no"? If you think that way and receive blessings, it will be a big mistake. That is why the Unification Church must go through a three-year period after marriage. It is a process that must be gone through for three years. Do not even think about it in your dreams. Do you understand? 
Absolute love, who do you love with absolute love? Who do you have absolute love with? "God." Then who next? "True Parents." Then who next? "True Children." You must understand that clearly. You must understand that clearly. Without this being established, there cannot be a son-in-law expectation. 
Who can explain your mother and father to the world and say they are not your mother and father? "No one." That is absolute. It is absolute. It is the same. When a couple becomes one, they must think that way. That is absolute. Just as I cannot deny my mother and father, I must not deny my wife. Because they are such a couple, they cannot deny their children. They cannot deny their children. They must establish a tradition, right? 
Centered on True Parents, the house of providence must be established. 
So, how much do you believe in the Unification Church centered on True Parents? Why do we need True Parents? What are True Parents? If you want to go through the son-in-law course, where do you have to go? You must go outside. Everyone must go out. You must go out and fight. You must go into the realm of Satan. You must go out and receive recognition from God, saying you have won. Can you walk that path? 
This is only the earthly world, but there is also a boundary in the spirit world. If God exists, you must go into the spirit world and open the way before God. You must open the way for future generations. You must open the way in the spirit world and come to the earthly world, to the earthly world. Do you understand? You must receive judgment in the spirit world. You must receive judgment. You must have the authority to unify the spirit world. What is that? That is called absolute faith, absolute personality, and absolute love. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 
So, the one who comes with the authority to judge is the Lord of the Second Advent. What does the Lord of the Second Advent do when he comes here? He works, he works. He breaks through. From the individual to the family, tribe, nation, he breaks down all the walls. Can ten thousand people do this all at once? "No." That is why he comes to teach this as a representative. Every time he crosses this hill, he sets up the son-in-law expectation and fights. He always sets up the son-in-law expectation and fights. Why? Because he lost the son-in-law expectation in the Garden of Eden, he fights centered on the son-in-law expectation to overcome. 
So, centered on the parents, expanding externally into tribal forms, national forms, this is how the Adamic lineage is established. This is how the lineage of the unfallen Adam is established. Not the fallen Adam. The teacher has laid the foundation to win in both worlds, which is why he is doing this work on earth today. What is that? It is the principle. The principle, let’s go the way of the principle. It is the principle, the principle. 
When looking at Jacob, when he went down to Egypt with his twelve sons, there were 72 people. (He speaks while writing on the board) Even when looking at Moses, there were 72 elders among the twelve tribes. Even when looking at Jesus, there were 72 disciples among the twelve disciples, right? It is the same in the teacher's era. With twelve families and 72, these 84 people became one over seven years. Because the twelve families became one centered on seven years... That is how it connects everywhere, everywhere. 
The basis for the teacher to give birth to twelve sons centered on the mother comes from here. He must have twelve children. Do you understand? So, in the twenty-year process, all of this will unfold. Now, we just need to have one more child, just one more. So now, centered on three generations, there will be more than 72 people. Do you think that will happen? Will there be 72 people while the teacher is alive? "Yes." Without that, the providence of restoration cannot happen. Heaven is busy, and even if the mother suffers, it will continue to unfold. Can you give birth to children as you please? "No." That is why when we look at the Unification Church centered on our family, this is Abel-like, and centered on this Abel-like form, the Cain-like form is all connected. 
Now, when this happens, centered on the teacher's family, all the blessed old families in Korea will become a fence, and then a bridge will be built. It will not be about "What about the Korean leaders...?" In the future, black people will also stand in front of you... The history of the teacher or the history until now, do the Korean leaders know better than you do? "No." Then you must learn. Would it be nice if I could teach you all? "Yes." It would be nice, but is there time for that? Is there? 
Now, if you Americans think like that, the British do the same, and the Germans do the same... If you stay in England for three years, they will ask you to stay in Germany for three years, and if everyone does that, how can you live your life together? That is why we have no choice but to appoint representatives and say, "Let the older people teach in my place." But is that wrong? Those people did not come here to build a power base or to receive some kind of treatment. They came to teach you. That is why they are strict. They are different from you. They are strict. That is why things move faster. Will it move if you do it that way, or not? "It will move." 
When men and women become one centered on True Parents, the son-in-law expectation is fulfilled. That is why the house of providence is like this, the house of providence. Reverend Moon, throughout his life, has caused issues greater than any religious leader in world history, faced opposition from the world, and has made the whole world into a mess. That is different. That is why for the teacher to go through the personal indemnity course, the teacher personally must face opposition globally, and the family must also face opposition globally. Our mother, and even our children are being persecuted. The house of Reverend Moon is being treated in various ways...
You are scolding me. That's why our Yejin says, "It's really hard to be the daughter of a famous father." Ah, just a little bit of anything and already there are rumors, and everyone is paying attention to everything. 

You are the same, too. Everyone is brainwashed, and it doesn't matter what happens... These days, the term 'Korean CIA' might have disappeared because President Park has died. (Laughter) Now, they will call it the American CIA. Our Unification Church members who are abroad are being opposed as American CIA, American spies, right? But why is the CIA following Reverend Moon? (Laughter) So, do you understand what I mean? 

So, what it means that true parents are needed based on these standards is that true parents have the content to bridge all gaps in this history of indemnity. You all just follow the teacher around, like a fly that sticks to the rear end of a running horse, and if that horse runs a thousand miles, you will go along with it. (Applause) It's the same. That's why the teacher is needed. 

Now, would it have been better if I were white? What do you think? "No." If I looked white, I would have been beaten to death by a black person. (Laughter) Look, when blacks and whites fight, is there anyone besides Asians who can intervene? "That's right." So, Reverend Moon interestingly did not appear in America. Also, the only connection between Western civilization and Asian civilization is the Unification Church. I think so. "Yes." 

Raise your hand if you are in an international marriage. Wow! Who made that happen? "Father." What will this become later? (Laughter) Where will you live? That is the house of providence, the house of providence. (Laughter) It wasn't just made into the house of providence, but it was made according to these heavenly principles. To resolve all the historical background of God's restoration providence and to digest all the difficult problems of humanity, this movement centered on God's love is an enormous fact. A small house keeps growing, not just into one house of the world, but even connecting to God, to the entire spirit world, and making everything one through the principle of the heavenly lineage. 

Centered on our Unification Church, when man and woman become one with true parents, this is the heavenly lineage. 

Do you really love the teacher? "Yes." I don't believe it. "We love you." That may be so, but then will you only love the teacher? "I love my mother too." Do you want to love your mother? "Yes." What about parents? They want you to love each other more than you love your parents. The reason the teacher loves you is that the teacher is only a medium to teach you how to love each other, based on heavenly love. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

In the past, when a black person came, everyone ran away, right? How is it now? Now, it's the black person who runs away. And then, since there are yellow people here, the black man cannot enter. (Laughter) 

Children are participants in the love of their parents. 

So, what is the ideal age? The ideal age of God's creation is that Adam is a parent, and at the same time, Adam is the chief of the tribe, the chief of the nation, the head of the state, and the king. He possesses royal authority. Everyone has the desire to say, "I wish our father would become a king." Isn't that so? "That's right." That's correct. It starts from the family... God is our father and at the same time, the king. 

Originally, if Adam had not fallen, God would have entered into Adam. The masculine aspect of the divine nature would enter into Adam, and the feminine aspect would enter into Eve, and when the two love each other, they become one. They become one through love and manifest as the center of reality on this earth. Love is the most sacred thing. However, until now, Satan has made love into something ugly. 

So, what are children? They are participants in the love of their mother and father, participants. You need to understand that. Do you understand what I mean? They are participants in the love of their mother and father. You need to realize that you are participants in the love of your parents. Right? "That's right." That's why you are one body with your parents, one body. Centered on love. If you take love away, the life of your parents and your life will be drawn away. Why is it that parents sacrifice for their children and cannot help but love them? Because they are themselves, themselves. It is their love, their love. It is the reality of the love that the mother and father have combined. 

Behind the reality of the combined love of the mother and father, there has been nothing loved until now, but the evidence that has manifested as reality is their own children. When you look at those children, they can look like God, like your wife, like yourself, and the more you look, the more mysterious it becomes. It is mysterious. That is what love is. So can you be unfilial to your parents? Can you separate from your parents? Can you? "No." Therefore, American families are all breaking apart, and they are all engaging in activities that violate heavenly principles. 

So, what is a brother? He is a participant in the same love. He is a co-worker in the same love of the parents. So can they fight each other? They cannot fight. That is why when you raise your right hand, it is your father's hand, and when you raise your left hand, it is your mother's hand, and when you raise your right foot, it is your father's foot... When you ask our elder, "Whose foot is this?" he says the right foot is the father's foot and the left foot is the mother's foot. That is indeed correct. Why is that? Because it has already been established centered on love. 

The heart of true parents transcends all nations. 

What happens when you meet true parents? You are born, but you are all seedless people. That is why through the love of the teacher, you enter into the conditional position of being in the same place as the seed of the teacher. Through love... 

You want to become one with the teacher, and you think everything is just wonderful, and you want to live with the teacher, and you all want to do that. You want to be tied to something, even if it's just a string, and be dragged around by the teacher, all of you. Why is that? Because you have not had that heavenly love connection, and through longing and desiring that love connection, the essence will form in your seedless shell. So when you come to love the teacher, then you will love your mother afterward, in that order. Therefore, it connects. Then what happens? You will come to love our children. Through that, you can claim the right of resurrection based on the condition of indemnity. Do you understand what I mean? That is the game we are playing. 

Through that, the teacher spiritually teaches you, and everyone is like that. The parents appear and teach you everything related to the children. So, raise your hand if you have seen the teacher in prayer or in a dream. It teaches you 100 percent. When you miss the teacher, he appears in a half-awake state. If you miss him so much that you shed tears and forget to eat and sleep, then you have already connected. That is the privilege of the teacher's age, a privilege. Therefore, wherever you go, it teaches you what to do. You are truly living with him. Even with your eyes closed at night, you go back to your own home. While having such experiences, whose words do you listen to? 

You are still far from being able to connect that much. You need to be earnest. 

When you truly want to sleep, you must go beyond just missing sleep, and when you are hungry, you must go beyond just missing food. You need to long for the teacher like that, and long for your parents like that. That is the one privilege that has been established between the teacher and you. That is a treasure that only the Unification Church possesses. Do you understand what I mean? You should all become like that. 

When you reach that position, if you go out to sea to catch fish, you will be taught how to catch fish, and if you get lost in the mountains, you will be taught how to find your way, and you will be taught all directions. Would that be good or bad? "Good." How good would it be? "Very good." You need to understand that. 

Centered on that internal center, everything centered on the parents... The heart of the parents transcends all nations. Isn't that so? God is the center of the world, so it is all the same. With the love that loves God and the love that loves parents, it connects everywhere in the world. That is how it becomes one world. That world becomes one with the love that serves. 

You must align the hearts of 84 people to create the house of providence. 

So how many people do you need to serve? You must be able to serve at least twelve people, 72 people, and 84 people. You must align the hearts of 84 people. And then, the path of restoration goes from the servant of the servant to the servant, then to the adopted child, then to the child, and then to the position of the parents. (While writing on the board) That is not done in the heavenly nation. It becomes the servant of the enemy. That is the enemy. That is why you are not alone. It is a battle with Satan. You cannot proceed without receiving approval from Satan. You must receive approval from Satan saying, "This has nothing to do with me." 

Then from that point on, you must be ready to sacrifice your life for the Lord. Until you are ready to sacrifice your life, you cannot enter the position of the adopted child and inherit the direct lineage. When Jesus was crucified, all twelve of his disciples ran away, right? They should not have run away. Jesus told his disciples, "I did not come to be served, but to serve," right? He taught them the way of serving. That is the spirit of Christianity. 

What is that? It is to make one out of twelve people through serving them. By making one out of twelve people, they become completely one. When that happens, I become the center. When I become the center, this one cannot be separated. Once the center is determined, this one cannot be separated. It cannot be divided. It becomes one with the twelve people, and then with the 72 people. After becoming one with the 72 people, it becomes one centered on the nation, and then one centered on the world. Do you understand what I mean? This formula is the same everywhere. That is why the doctrine of the Unification Church is that the ideal of creation is the completion of the heavenly lineage. Do you understand what I mean? You must understand this clearly. 

So, through this, the house of providence that God desires is created. That house becomes our nation, our world, and our heavenly land. When you go to our house, there are all five races, all five races. Americans, Germans, French, Italians, and then British, Japanese, and enemies... Do you understand what I mean? You cannot feel the feelings of enemies from the past. You cannot feel the feelings of Germans, Americans, British, and Japanese from the past. No matter how much they are enemies, if they have the love that serves, they all come together. When they say they want to become one, no one can oppose that. It is an appeal to conscience, conscience. Do you understand? 

What is our house? "The house of providence." So, our house is America, America. Your house is America. In the future, America will follow us. The members of our Unification Church around the world are always the representative house of that nation. Do you understand? As time goes by, it will develop. Everything is connected. When spring comes, all the snow that has accumulated in winter will melt together. 

When our family goes to a Japanese house, they serve the parents of the Japanese house like true parents. They greet the Japanese mother and father. (Laughter) They eat together in the restaurant like with their mother. There are no difficulties. Also, when a white person goes to Africa, they serve the black mother and father of Africa instead of their true mother and father. The same goes for black people. Do you understand? 

You must receive the three blessings to have no barriers in the spirit world. 

Who are your parents? All things are parents. All things are parents. The land that supplies the elements is not the parent? That is the parent. The land is the first parent, the first parent. Then your mother and father are the second parents. They are the parents who gave birth to you. What is the third parent? The God who gives the spirit is the third parent. Since you have your direct parents, there must be collateral parents. All parents of the world are collateral parents. Do you understand? 

Therefore, if you can officially transform the love of brotherhood and the love of parents into a way that everyone can live well, if you can love and live, it will become the kingdom of heaven on earth, and those who live like that can act freely anywhere in the heavenly kingdom without barriers, and the good world, the heavenly land, will all become theirs. 

Here, do American young men and women dislike grandmothers and grandfathers? "No." Grandfathers and grandmothers, especially grandfathers? "No." Who is the oldest grandfather in the world? "God." If you dislike grandfathers and grandmothers, do you dislike God the most? That is why grandfathers and grandmothers are the houses where you meet God. When you say to your grandfather, "Grandfather, give me a blessing," and that grandfather prays for blessings, God gives blessings. That is really true. Did Esau and Jacob receive blessings when their father was old and about to die, or when he was healthy? "When he was about to die." They received blessings when he was about to die. It becomes as blessed as it is blessed. What is that? It is the position of God. 

That is why you must also receive the three blessings. You must receive the blessings of your grandfather, your father, and yourself, like this. That is, your grandfather and grandmother, then your mother and father, and then who? You must receive the blessing of your wife or husband. "God, since you have blessed me as a husband, allow all the privileges of a woman to be granted to my husband," and "Allow the privileges of a man to be granted to the woman," and bless them. And when you are about to die, you should say, "You are my eternal husband. You are my eternal wife. Amen!" and die. 

You bless them by saying, "From the position of inheriting the tradition of my grandfather and grandmother and my father and mother, you will live forever as an eternal couple who inherit three generations." It is three generations, three generations. Grandfather, parents, and yourself, three generations. That is why it is the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, the God of three generations. Do you understand? Therefore, in the future, those who cannot serve their grandmothers and grandfathers will become disabled in the afterlife. Unification Church members should go to nursing homes and live with their grandfathers and grandmothers. 

Now, think of such a world. Do you prefer to have your grandmothers and grandfathers in a nursing home or to be with your own children? Would God want to be with humanity or want to be apart? "Together." It is the same. So you should also think like that.
Yes. You need to think, "Ah, I must gather everyone around the theme of the five colors of races." 

After loving people, you must love animals. The boundary must be nonexistent; only then can I live in the spiritual world for thousands, tens of thousands, or even hundreds of millions of years centered on love. The world that longs for that love connects without boundaries. As long as there is a boundary that restricts it, it is limited. Such people are always welcomed in this world. Isn't that how the world becomes the house of providence? 

Now, what happens the more you play this game? The spiritual world opens up. Do you understand what I mean? Bring black grandmothers and grandfathers from nursing homes and treat them like God; what happens? They look like God. Their eyes are different. That's how it is. So, it's difficult. At first, it is difficult. It is hard. But you must create a habit, even if you have to force it. You cannot love birds and animals without first loving people. You must love people first, and then with the feelings of love you have for people, you must love everything; that is the ideal dominion of God's Eden. Do you understand what I mean? 

Even in our house, Eun-jin brought home a dog, but I tell her not to buy a dog. I say to bring a dog only after loving people. That is the teacher's principle. Do you understand? "Yes." There are many dogs in America, right? If people dislike each other but like dogs, this country will perish. It will perish. Such households will fail. You must love the black woman even more. Do you understand? Without loving people, you cannot love animals like dogs or horses or anything else. Do you understand what I mean? 

You all have dogs and horses, but you must have the condition of loving your wives and husbands, loving people. Because of that privilege, if you love, it connects. You must say, "I can love dogs because I love and honor my parents." That becomes a privilege. Do you understand what I mean? That is God's view of the universe centered on love. 

Isn't that wonderful? You can live there anytime. When you go there, will you give the leftover scraps from your meals, or will you give the best? "The best." That's only the first day, right? If I say I will go there and live, being senile and defecating, what will you do? If I have the privilege to live in your house, and someone says they don't want that, then that is all fake; it is a lie. (Laughter) 

Now, do you welcome that? Raise your hands if you welcome it. I ask you to raise your hands if you welcome it. Then, if I distribute all my favorite people, my friends, and elderly people to you, what will you do? "That’s good." I think, "Reverend Moon becomes the king of the nursing home." Reverend Moon is the king of the nursing home, the king of the elderly. (Laughter, applause) This is the three generations, the three generations. Three generations must live in one house. It cannot be without three generations. If the grandmothers do not agree, do not love, and say they cannot live together, they must not withhold blessings. They must not say they cannot bless. To become the leader of the world, you must receive blessings. So, the teacher also lives with all kinds of people at home. He lives with blacks, Japanese, British, Americans, oh, there are many headaches. There are many troublesome things. (Laughter) It’s like pretending not to see, everything is a mess… (Laughter) If I do that, can you not do the same? 

Those who bear a lot of burdens for the whole will be blessed. Look. "What about the teacher, what about the Unification Church, what about this and that…" There are all kinds of things. So, how much headache does that give? Still, I do not waver, and I do not think of quitting being Reverend Moon; don’t you dislike being a part of that? You have nothing to shake off. But if you shake off Reverend Moon, will there be nothing? The whole world is at stake. You cannot even sympathize with the teacher, yet you say this and that; can that be? All the organizations come and ask the teacher for money when they have no money… While the teacher is doing this, they think money is piling up and coming down through some elevator from heaven. (Laughter) 

They say their company is struggling, but I am the overall leader of the Unification Church; if I struggle, who do I go to? Who do I ask for help? Where do I have to go? Those who oppose that can be discarded; it is their choice! What does it matter! It is okay. It is not because of me. It is about overcoming the troubles caused by the world. It is about overcoming difficulties. That is why people around the world respect me. They may be few, but they loved me and worked for themselves, and that is why they respect me. 

If there is a Communist Party in America, what does it have to do with me? If it collapses, it collapses; what does it matter? Whether the youth are corrupted or not, what does it matter? If it collapses, it collapses; what does it matter? If America collapses, will I collapse? But why is that? Why? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

So, do you want to be like the teacher? "Yes." Do you want to bear a precious responsibility like the teacher, even a small one? "A precious responsibility." I have also done a lot of fundraising. I have also done a lot of evangelism. I have also faced a lot of persecution. I have suffered more than anyone for the purpose. Can the teacher complain about that? If I were to make you work while I did less suffering, that would be different… But it is about bearing burdens for the whole, for that house; those who bear a lot of burdens will be blessed. They will be blessed. It is certain. Parents love their sons and daughters who have borne many burdens, right? 

Accepting opposition gladly makes the restoration of the world easier. Sometimes, the teacher suffers like this, and there are times when people do not recognize it and even curse. But look at it over three generations, three generations. If I do not repay, God will repay. Look at it over three generations. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

They oppose me from established churches, they oppose me in America, and the Communists oppose me, but they all get taken away. They get taken away while opposing. Being struck brings blessings. So, you must accept that gladly. Keep receiving it! That is why if America opposes Reverend Moon, will America eventually submit to Reverend Moon? There is no other way; that is the truth. Because I understood that law, I have not failed and have succeeded until now; if that were a lie, I would have collapsed a long time ago. 

In England, a new Rolls-Royce is waiting for me. It says, "Come and ride!" And when I go to Germany, a nice Benz is waiting for me to ride. Wherever I go, they are waiting. Why is that? Why? Because I deserve it… 

Is there anyone who dislikes that the teacher lives in East Garden? "No." "Oh, he should be living in a better place than the White House." Why is that? Even though I live in East Garden, I have no interest in that house. I am someone who has passed that. I have no interest in clothes. These days, I am trying to wear a jacket without a tie, but my mother keeps saying, "Oh! A tie, a tie." So, I have to wear it because of my mother. If I were to gather all the ties from America and the world and sell them to help Cambodian refugees, I would definitely participate in that. (Laughter) Does Reverend Moon's character drop because I did not wear a tie? "No." Our Unification Church members do not have to do that. 

Now, if Unification Church members in America were just half of the American population, I would make them fast for three days every month. So, what would happen? I would select about 50 of the most difficult countries, set first and second places, and distribute them all in order over twelve months. Then, think about what kind of impact these 50 countries would have when they hear that "America is fasting." And those who receive this must fast for three days to avoid feeling guilty in their conscience; would they follow that? Think about it. Restoring the world is not difficult. 

Now, if I mobilize about 100,000 fundraising members in America, even if each person contributes just $3,000, that would be $360 million a month. What if that were donated every month? Would all the foreign ministers come to East Garden and line up, or not? Think about it. What would happen? "Don't wait out in the cold; we have a nice hotel room prepared for you, so wait there while listening to good words and training." (Laughter) If that happens, evangelism will not be difficult. Evangelism is not difficult. All the foreign ministers can be evangelized. 

So, whether America curses or not, in order to save the world, even if we are doing fundraising now, it is good to prepare for that goal. Since America cannot do it, we must do it. So, is fundraising opposition or support? "Support." If people are needed, we must evangelize. Is it support or opposition? "Support." 

Home church is the house of providence. 

In the future, single men and women, now American youth have nowhere to go. They have nowhere to go. They have tried everything, even streaking; do they have anywhere to go now? When they taste the Unification Church, they will all start to gather. If you listen to this, you will all fall down. 

Now, are you the naive bunch, the mischievous bunch, the troublesome bunch? "Problem child." (Laughter) That's right. You are problem children. All the human waste has gathered here. Mischievous ones, just going around. They are all mischievous. But now that you have come to believe in the Unification Church, what has happened? Are you still problem children? "No." Then what are you? What kind of children are you? "Moon children." What is a Moon child? A peace child, a heavenly child. 

How many naive young people are there in America? How many are there? Just let them hear the Principle once. I can turn them around 100 percent. Do you know that American youth will turn around just by listening? "Yes." That is why we must buy NBC, we must buy CBS. To do that, we need to earn money. 

Now, if the teacher holds a microphone for just fifteen days and broadcasts nationwide every day, will Americans listen or not? If Reverend Moon broadcasts for 15 days, will they listen or not? "They will listen." There will be no one who does not listen. They will listen to curse, to hate, to like, to oppose, all for this and that; they will all listen. Their eyes will turn. It will definitely turn. Do you think you have that ability? "Yes." Do you think you have that ability? I am good at one-man shows and can do anything well. I speak well and can weave long novels. That is why when I cry, they must cry too; when I laugh, they must laugh too; when I dance, they must dance too. That is how it can be. (Laughter) If I say, "Let's save America!" then they must say, "Let's save America!" How can it be otherwise? (Applause) 

We must buy CBS. We must buy the New York Times. We must buy the Washington Post. When I go today, I must tell the president of the New York Times and everyone else to be aware and get their act together. If we buy it, we will definitely buy it. You must know that we are already budgeting for it. Does that feel good or bad? "Good." Even if we get cursed, I think we should fight like a man. (Laughter) So, the New York Times must become our Times. Our Times, I say. The Washington Post must become our Post. 

When the teacher came to New York three years ago, he said, "I will buy such a building here in New York," and he bought it. At that time, the American youth thought the teacher was crazy. But think about what will happen in ten years from now. Will Reverend Moon just sit still for ten years? "No." In the end, it is one world. That is why we are doing home church, home church. What is home church? Home church is the house of providence, the house of providence. I will finish all of this within ten years, within ten years. 

Are there any CARP members here? "Yes." You must become the locomotive, the locomotive. Choo choo, choo choo… (Applause) I will provide the money. I went to Florida yesterday to buy a motel. CARP members, raise your hands. Raise your hands again. You must run. The reason Reverend Moon trains you so strongly is that we must overcome the Communists. It is because of the Communists. If there were no Communists, it would not be like this. Do you understand? "Yes." 

American football, just like kicking the ball and knocking it over, you must kick it beautifully. It is okay if your hair is long because you have no time to cut it. If you did it all for the purpose, who would say anything? Women can all wear torn jeans. Even if you just leave this, it is okay. (Laughter) What are we doing? We are making this world our home, making our neighborhood like our neighborhood. 

Only religion can save the world. 

Do you all want to go to Korea? Raise your hands if you want to go to Korea. Get down. Since you all want to go to Korea, I am making the Korean leaders close to you. So when you go to Korea, you will all live in that house and need to be introduced to the people of that house. (Applause) But why do you dislike the Korean leaders? Why do you dislike them? "No." What do you mean no? "Not at all." 

Bringing a German person here as a leader is to send you all to Germany, to lay the foundation for us all, to connect us; that is what you should think. If a Japanese person becomes a leader, you should think it is good because you can go to their house and live and be served. What is there to think negatively about that? 

You all learned to sit here because Japanese people came here; otherwise, would you have learned to sit? Is there any church among American churches that sits on a cement floor? (Laughter) We have unified the land first, so there is no problem in the middle. If you do the difficult things, the easy ones are not a problem. 

You know, if you go to a place like Korea and stretch your legs, they will say, "Look at that, look at that…" What does that mean? It means they will throw out all the grandfathers and grandmothers. (Laughter) All the grandfathers and grandmothers will say, "Since I have come…" Can this be educated without religion? Can it be educated without some culture? Is there any place other than religion that can educate you like this? 

Think about it. How can you be made like this outside of religion? Can it be done through music, or through some dance? It is only through religion, religion. 

Through religion, Reverend Moon can make you like this. You all drink alcohol, smoke, and engage in free sex. You do all sorts of things…
Who can make those guys so well-behaved? With what? Through education? What can create that? Unless it’s the power of religion, can it be done? These days, scientists are saying, "From now on, only a strong religion can save the world." I believe they learned that from Reverend Moon, from our Unification Church.

Who will make today’s American youth like this? Even if you spend a fortune, even if you pour all the Rockefeller Foundation’s money into it, can you make them like that? But Reverend Moon, who is criticized, created them. It’s the religion of Reverend Moon, who is criticized, that made them. 

You must train in various fields to lead people from various fields. Think about it: if the American people had supported me, what would have happened to American youth? What would have happened? If university presidents were able to ride in cars and follow Reverend Moon on airplanes, what would this America have become? 

So now, you must do it. To do that, whether it's women in brothels, people on labor boards, scholars, or anyone else, you all… You must train in various fields to lead people in various fields. 

I created bands, I created choirs, I did it all. I created the New Hope Singers, I created Sun-burst, I even created this fishing company, and I manage the New York City Symphony Orchestra. Why is that? Can you not understand that? You all need to train in various fields…

Do you want to become more excellent than now, or do you want to become worse than now? “I want to become more excellent.” Then you must receive training. That’s a principle. You all must learn martial arts and karate. Our women, even if they are weak, must learn to throw men around. Even the older ladies can do it. (Laughter) Why? Because we must eliminate communism. We must eliminate communism. Do you understand? 

So we must hold a conference in Moscow and go beyond Moscow. If I announced that, would you just think it was a given? We are preparing for it. You must understand that we are preparing for it. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” 

It’s not about America; we must digest communism. That’s all about building our house. But that doesn’t mean we will crush them with power. When they come with force, we cannot defend ourselves. Do you understand what I mean? That is the ideology of Reverend Moon. 

Knowing that, each of you must take responsibility to create this providential house. So, during the seven-year course, you must evangelize 84 people. You must become clan messiahs. You must indemnify what Jesus could not do. Then, after that, there will be national messiahs or world messiahs, and cosmic messiahs… 

The more the communist world and the democratic world fight, the more they will all collapse. They will all fall apart. However, the Unification Church will continue to develop. If not, the world will perish. 

You must make the world where the cosmic ideal connects your home. 

Now, let’s see the young women from Korea raise their hands. You all must go out to CARP, CARP. Just work hard. I’m going to push you hard. In return, American women must wake up. American women must not lose, right? “Yes.” They must be tall, with big eyes, big hands, and big feet; they must lead. Do you understand? “Yes.” We must create one world. A world where the cosmic ideal connects, where you all must become those who say, “I will make this world my home wherever I go.” 

Now, if I send you to England or Germany, you must not leave the cars I’ve prepared alone. I plan to let you travel around the world in the future. I will select those who have worked hard. At that time, I will give you the privilege of riding in my car. However, if a woman goes, the man of that country will drive. If a man goes, the woman of that country will drive. (Laughter) Why laugh? Isn’t that right? (Laughter) That’s true. But that doesn’t mean you two will travel around and play. You must all show the authority of men, boast about German men, and boast about American women, so that you can compete with each other on a personal level, representing your countries. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” For the house of providence, we…

Today is December 9th, and I understand everything. Now, shall we rest, or shall we run again? “We will run.” Some brothers are saying they want to rest, but why don’t you all rest a bit? Today I will allow it, especially today. “No.” What do you mean 'no'? Let’s rest a bit, shall we? “No.” It’s Christmas soon, and everyone will want to go home, right? You want to go home and eat some turkey, right? Eat some good steak, and what about ham cake? What kind of cake? “Fruit cake.” You want to eat that too, right? (Laughter) “No.” Then what do you want to do? Do you want to go to the snowy northern regions of Canada and shiver while ice skating? “Yes.” Then I think I should go to a warm place and rest. “No.” Why 'no'? I can rest a bit. I’ve worked my whole life, so I should rest now. (Applause) 

Now, look. Honestly, I don’t have a penny in my pocket. Who will buy my plane ticket, and who will pay for my hotel room? So, helplessly, while living in America, I contact Germany, France, and Japan and say, "Send money," and I carry it in my pocket, becoming like an American! If I just stay here, they will take everything away from me.

Anyway, we know our circumstances well, and I know your circumstances well, and you know my circumstances well. We all understand it well. I have gone beyond that. In my opinion, when you do such things, God compares, saying, "Your teacher went through this at this time..." That’s how it is. Even if you cross one mountain, God will say, "Wow!" If you cross two, He will say, "Wow!" If you cross three, He will say, "Wow!" He thinks, "In the future, when it comes to that girl’s grandson, I will bless him along with Reverend Moon." Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” That can happen. It can happen. Therefore, there’s no need to complain.

And, no matter how hard it gets for you, you must know that I have gone through much more than that. Take comfort in that alone, no matter what anyone says. Whether the person in charge doesn’t recognize you, or if you are persecuted in your neighborhood, or if you are chased away, or whatever happens, remember that I have gone through all that too. Have you ever thought you would die for your purpose? You haven’t, right? I have had many such experiences. So, you must know that and overcome it.

Leave a tradition of loving God and humanity. Keep building high! Keep stacking the foundation! I want you to think that I will build this castle not just for ten years but throughout my life, from the beginning until I grow old and die. I am also building it now. How high will I build it? Yes, Reverend Moon has built it high, hasn’t he? “Yes.” It’s the same for you. This is all something you must do.

When you go before heaven, the first question will be, "What did you think, Mr. Park? What did you think?" They will ask, "What did you think throughout your life?" They will ask, "Did you think about your wife? Did you think about your children?" You must think about higher and greater things. That’s why you must think of the highest God. You must think of God throughout your life. Then they will ask, "What actions did you take?" What actions? You must love humanity, humanity. You must say, "I loved people." 

The third question will be, "What did you leave behind?" What did you leave behind for humanity, for the historical era on this earth, for heaven? You must create a heavenly nation centered on the family of heaven, create something beneficial for the nation, and leave something beneficial for the world. 

The most important thing is to leave a tradition. You must leave a tradition of love. Then you must educate, education. That is necessary. What am I doing now? I am doing that. I am establishing a tradition of love. Then I am educating about love. So that when you go to the spirit world, if someone asks, "What did you learn from Reverend Moon?" you can say, "I learned this. I inherited this." That’s why you must study. Study the principles and the words. So, you are all being educated. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” There is much to do. It’s busy. It’s busy. So, the house of love… That is the house of love.

From now on, let’s push harder… Shall we stop? “Let’s push harder.” So, do you not want to complain? “Yes.” Until yesterday, you complained, right? “No.” (Laughter) From now on, do you not want to complain? “Yes.” What about tomorrow? “I won’t.” What about next year? “I won’t!” And for your whole life? “I won’t!” Then is it okay if Reverend Moon dies? Then may God’s blessing be with you! (Applause)

The foundation of universal completion. 

The title is grand. Right now, the completion of individuals, families, and nations is a big issue, but universal completion is what this is about. However, that is necessary. God will want it, humanity will want it, and all beings will want it; that is the conclusion.

The purpose of the universe's creation is love. 

So, why does this universe, this grand universe, exist? That is something everyone thinks about. From youth to adulthood, to old age, and until death, we always think about it. We cannot detach that thought. Men think that way, and women think that way. And if God exists, He cannot help but think about why He created the universe. Then God created, and we men and women came into being, but what is the purpose of existence? And what direction are we heading in becomes the issue.

God is also a being who acts. He is a moving being. God also moves, saying He must go. Men must go. Women must go. Nations must go. The world must go. But we cannot go blindly.

Then, what does God move toward? And what do those who are created by God, men and women, move toward? If God is the owner and the created world is the object, can the purposes of each be different? Even if God turns away, He must return; otherwise, the purpose cannot return. If the purpose is to the west, even if God is going east, He must go west.

If you are a student, even if you go on vacation in every direction during break, when the semester starts, you must return. That’s how schools operate. Looking at our families, even if fathers, mothers, and children are all separated, they must return to the family. 

Now, regarding the American embassy personnel who are currently being held hostage in Iran, despite those issues, where will they go? They will return to America.

If there is a God who moves the universe, where will He go? Where would that be? Would it be a blooming garden? A scenic place? A place with music? These days, American youth are caught up in disco dancing, is it that kind of place? Where would it be? It is not a place of fighting. It is not a place where people have their backs turned to each other. It is not a place where they are not one. Ultimately, it is a place where they are happy and united.

So, where is that place? These days, there is talk of peace, love, happiness, and freedom, but what do all those words rely on? What is the foundation? That is the issue. “True Parents.” What are True Parents? Let’s conclude. Without love, there is nothing.

We must seek true love. 

What is that love? It is true love. When God is included in this true love, it is complete, and everything is complete. It is full. If there are cells of God, when they enter this true love, all the cells move. When love enters the eyes of God, which were once closed, He says, "Oh!" (Laughter) Have you heard of the term "opium injection"? God, too, becomes intoxicated with love just like one becomes high from opium. When God laughs, the universe shakes. The universe laughs, yes, the universe. When God frowns (shows a disapproving expression), the world frowns.

Just like that, when love enters the family, if the father is intoxicated with love, the mother is happy, the children are happy, and everyone is happy. If the father frowns, the mother inevitably becomes like that, and the children inevitably become like that. Also, if the mother is intoxicated with true love, the father melts into that true love. The children also melt into that true love. Furthermore, if the children are intoxicated with true love, the mother melts, and the father melts.

Therefore, you must understand this. There is the highest jar in the world (laughter), and it contains the honey of love. If I put my lips on the top of that high jar, would I pull away? “No.” Imagine a person at the top of this tall jar, saying, “I will…” (Laughter) Think about it. If I hold on and if it falls, it falls; if it doesn’t, it doesn’t… Would you think about something high? “No.” Wouldn’t you think, “Oh, how nice it would be to lie down and eat”? (Laughter) You wouldn’t even think about that. Anyway, it’s good.

So, when you truly become intoxicated with love, will you become limp or not? (Laughter) “I will become limp.” What would happen then? You wouldn’t just sit still; you would say, “Wow, wow, this is so good!” You would make all sorts of sounds, all of you. How dangerous is that? How dangerous is it? (Laughter) At that time, would you think, “I am in danger”? “No.”

Now, what position are you in? The people are living here. And everyone is tied up. Each person is tied up with a string. Think about it. If there is a string for each person, who would complain? Everyone has a string that can lead them to the jar of true love, but who would sympathize with those who wander around on their own? 

But one thing is that you must suck from the pipe. You must actually suck from it. But once you taste it, it is sweet. It is sweet. Once you know that taste, you cut the pipe. You keep cutting it. While doing that, you keep following it. Then this string also thickens and shortens. Some people, while going along, might say, “Oh, I’m done now,” and become limp. Among them, those who can appreciate the taste will say, “Oh, it’s even tastier. It’s even tastier,” and they will keep cutting it.
But I wish that the line could be cut well, but it doesn't get cut. This is what I'm saying. It's harder than our Unification Church fundraising. Do you understand? "Yes." You all have a line attached to you too. Touch it, see if it's there or not. That's why people have something good, something ideal, something true, something loving, all of it. It's all like a line. 

Here, you see, God's wish, humanity's wish is all included. (While drawing on the blackboard) Don't you want to have just that one? "I want to have it." So how much money will you give? How much will the practical-minded young people in America give? (Laughs) Will you give one of your eyes? Will you give both your eyes? Will you cut off one hand, or one foot? Will you sell everything and give it? "Yes." So, is it enough just to have a mouth and a body? (Laughter) Think about it. How much would that cost? Can you exchange it for America? Can you exchange it for this planet? 

Since God is a being of power, if there is such a love container, if there is a love container that can embrace the universe, can He make just one of that love container, or can He make ten, a hundred, a thousand, ten thousand, or ten million? "Ten million." When you all go looking for the line and just make a hole and say, "I don't need all this. I will just drink from it," that would be a big problem, so God will make them one by one. (Applause) Then, what more could you wish for? If you try to take your mouth away from here, the mouth won't stretch and won't come off. The other day, when I went to Gloucester in Boston and went to the beach, I saw a man and a woman holding each other like that for about five minutes. (Laughs) I don't know if that is true love or fake love, but even fake love would be like that. 

Now, if fake love is like that, how about true love? Think about it. There is no big problem whether you urinate or do anything there. 

So how about God? If God started eating from that honey jar of love and tried to take it away, would He say "Ah" and not let go, or would He say "Oh, good, good"? "He wouldn't let go." Do you all agree with that? "Yes." Do you think so? "Yes." 

Where is the man going? Where is he going? He is going to find true love. Where is the woman going? She is going to find true love. Where is the Unification Church going? It is going to find true love. Where is America going? It is going to find true love. Where is the world going? It is going to find true love. Where is humanity going? It is going to find true love. Why did the universe come into being? For true love... There is no objection to that. Is there any objection? Raise your hand if you think it's wrong. "There is none." Maybe there are all sorts of opinions elsewhere, but here everyone is quiet, whether they are older people or anyone else. 

You must become a person who can digest everything with a united body and mind. This morning, there is not a single person sleeping. Everyone is smiling... (Laughter) Just hearing that is nice, but what if you smell it? All the eyes will gather in one place. Then what if you taste it? Since it's a honey jar. (Laughter) 

That's why what kind of place is the heavenly kingdom, the spirit world? How is the heavenly kingdom made? It is made of the air of love. That is really wonderful. How is it? Think about it. Would it feel good or bad? All the cells are breathing and functioning. 

That's why true love is omnipotent. There is nothing it cannot do. If you imagine an ideal, the counterpart that embodies that ideal will appear. But does that mean that if your husband is ugly, he will appear ugly at that time? No. The ugliness is all hidden in love. 

Do you know your own face? You see your face every day, but do you know your own face? Do you remember it? Raise your hand if you think you know your face. You look at a photo and say, "Oh, this is how I look," but do you think that when you see your face? How do you think? Sometimes I feel like I am the ugliest among ugly people, and sometimes I feel like I am the most handsome among handsome people, and I thought I was long but I also look round. However, one problem is that when you see with the eyes of love, there is no one as handsome as me. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

When you bring something close to your eyes, what do you see? You have to focus on it to see it clearly. This is too close to perceive. (Gesturing while speaking) When your body and mind become one and you see yourself, you will see your spiritual body. 

The other day, I talked for about two hours about a certain lady. As I talked for about two hours, her face gradually changed. Her gaze changed, and it appeared in a splendid way. When we have life, we emit light, and when the body and mind are completely harmonized, we rejoice and emit light saying "Ha!" 

Now, here is the body, and here is the mind. (Drawing on the blackboard) Everyone, everything can cross through this. The spirit world too... That's why when this (body and mind) is in the same place, it is a straight line. In Korean, there is a saying "the mind is straight." In America, there is no such saying, right? Here, we say "the mind is upright, a straight person." What does that mean? It means there is no back and forth between the body and mind. When you speak, you act as you speak, you practice as you speak, and you go as you speak. It means that thought, word, and action are the same. 

Some people think separately, speak separately, and act separately. This must come here, and this must come here to be straight. (Writing while speaking) Only then can thought, mind, and action be the same. Words come out through the mind. Words come out through the mind. So, it is straight. That's why when the body and mind become one, it is a straight line. You must become such a person. 

What kind of person should we become? We must become a person who can accept and digest everything that comes into my body and mind without resistance, even if the universe comes in. But when you listen to what you say, you say, "Ah, it can never come in." Especially, American people talk about privacy life and all that... How narrow is the hole? There are only a few holes. When that happens, the heart feels relatively the same way. So when educating, if you do education to widen the heart, you must also do exercises to widen the body's door accordingly. 

You must open the door of your heart and fill it with true love. 

You see, in America, white people dislike black people, but when white women sit their sons and daughters down and educate them with their hearts, their hearts widen. When the heart widens, they welcome black people. That must be opened. What will you use to open it? It is not to fill it with water, but to fill it with love. Then, both you and I will come. That's how it works. You are opening the door of the heart. If you open the door of the heart one hundred percent, this round thing will spread out into a straight line, and this will spread out into an extension like this. (Writing while speaking) 

Now, if you completely open this, will it open or not? If you completely open this, the body will also be completely opened, and there will be no place to close it. Then humanity will also become a garden of love. The conclusion is that humanity has become a center of heaven. 

What is the fall? It is when this (the heart) is closed. So the body is all closed too. What will you use to open this door? You cannot do it with money, nor with self-interest. Here, American girls are not like that, but... Eastern girls wrap their bodies tightly and walk around hidden. However, if you just love, everything will open up. Is that right? "Yes." That's why when the prince of love reigns, there is no one who closes the door of the house. They all leave it open and say, "Come in, come in." And when that prince comes in, what will he do? Will he tell him to sit next to the bathroom, or will he keep him in his own room? "In his own room." Not only that, but he is also afraid of where he might run away to, so he keeps him in his heart too. (Laughs) 

Then, how big is the heart? Is the heart big or small? "It is big." If love comes into the heart, it will go "Wow-" and swallow it all up. After that, even after wrapping it all up, it still has... This is how big the heart is. 

Is your heart like that? Is it that great? Do you have such a great and tremendous heart? "Yes!" But what are you going to use it for? Are you going to use it for a bundle of money? "No!" For honor? "No!" For power? "No!" For what? For love... This heart, if it is expanded for love, will multiply a thousandfold and more. It is not for money, power, or knowledge. 

Would the heart of the American president be the biggest? The American president would be the biggest. Between our hearts and the president's heart, whose heart is bigger? "Our heart." With what? With love. Because I can love the five-colored races more than the American president. Moreover, if I hope to love more on this earth, I can love more and can love as much as I want. So God can embrace it all, and He can pull the entire universe along. Then how big is it? Because it is true love... "Wow-" (Laughter) Do you want to connect with such great love, everyone? "Yes." 

God wants to establish a realm of true love. 

Now, let's conclude. What is the purpose standard or base that can encompass everything in the universe? You must always think of a love container that can hold everything. Today is the Sunday before Christmas, so always think, "Ah, the honey jar of love is like this." "Even if they say to do fundraising to find this love, I will go." 

Should you say, "Oh, I'm dying. Oh, I can't live, so I have to run away. I have to retreat"? "You must go." At that time, it is a honey jar, a honey jar. 

When you oppose the Munis... Even if they are rich, when they say they can't live because they are in pain... Doesn't it feel good to suck on the pipe of love? Wow! If I suck it all up with just that mouth... How much do I have, if it's long, I will cut it all off. It is about cutting one off to get through this difficulty. Even if you believe in the Unification Church for decades and say you love God, you must know how to cut the pipe. 

Still, everyone is busy cutting their own pipes. Regardless of others, whether it rains or snows, whether they curse or not, tomorrow is busy. 

Now, I will erase it. (Erasing what was written on the blackboard) Got it now? "Yes." Think that "This is me." This is mine! (Laughs) Now you probably all understood without me saying anything. 

God helps centered on true love. Is that right? "Yes." Men also help centered on true love. And women also help centered on this love. (While drawing on the blackboard) Women should be given a lot. (Laughs) Women always feel bad when they say they do it small. 

Now, how about children? How about birds? Why do birds sing? The singing of males and females is a signal to find each other, and when they are hungry, it is a signal to find food. Do little insects have only females or only males? Even tiny insects... From this principle, the smaller things, atoms, electrons... Electrons also have positive and negative charges. Why is that? It is also because of love. 

When you look at the universe, that logical principle starts from here... (Writing while speaking) Is it like that or not? What can connect it? What can connect it? It can all be connected by true love. What can connect the reddest heart in the heart? What must pass to be the principle? The arrow of love must pass through. 

Are you all like that? "Yes." Is it only the white girls? "No." What about black girls? "No." What does a mother's true heart want to pass through? The loving heart of her beloved son wants to pass through. It is the same. 

Now, what connects in a mother's heart, our mother's heart? What kind of arrow? "The arrow of love." What kind of arrow would be good to enter a mother's heart? "The arrow of true love." That's right. Then what about the counterpart? The husband, wife, and children, centered on heaven, fulfilling this realm of love is the mother's wish. That's all there is. Also, what is the husband's heart? The true love of the children and the true love of the wife, that's all there is. What else is there? The animal world is the same; the animal world is the same. They live for a short time and part, but when they give birth to their young, they become one with each other. Do you understand what I mean? 

How about God? God is the same. Centered on the hearts of the sons and daughters, they do not separate but become intertwined. When the father goes, the mother goes together, and when the father goes, the children go together, and the mother goes together. When the mother goes, the father follows, and then the children follow, and when the children go, the mother follows, and the father follows, and the siblings follow. It is the same. 

When bound by the realm of true love, the world is all connected. 

Now, if you erase all this and organize it into one, what happens? It becomes this kind of picture. (Drawing on the blackboard) This is true love. From this perspective, connecting the realm of the Unification Church is a great thing. How wonderful it is. How wonderful it is. If you are completely bound by the realm of true love, the world will all be connected. Think about it. 

When you go here, whom do you meet? When you go here, you meet the sons and daughters, you meet the mother and father, and you meet God. And then, what is the love of the father, what is the love of the mother, what is the love of God, what is the love of the sons and daughters? It is not a debate about love. There are no words... When this happens, an automatic movement occurs, automatically. An automatic power arises. From here, the universe can gain automatic power. 

How did it start, who started it first? Where did the automatic power start? Where did the universe come from? It comes from true love... When there is love... Isn't that right? The fact that men and women come to love each other is not something planned or numerically matched. They naturally harmonize and love each other without knowing it. There is an automatic power. When love sprouts, they naturally become one. An automatic movement occurs. It is an automatic world, heading towards eternity. This is wonderful. It is heading towards eternity, eternity. Therefore, we can conclude here that God is the subject of true love, that God is the autonomous being, and that He is an eternal existence. An autonomous being. Do you understand? You must understand that the ability to be an autonomous being and to be eternal can only be found in true love. 

What happens when two parents with true love meet? What happens when they meet their sons and daughters? They like each other and become one. They become one with each other. They become one with each other. Will they just stay still? Will they hold on and stay still? They will turn around. It is an automatic movement. Love...
It is about exercising centered on true love. Do you exercise with money? Do you exercise with power? Do you exercise with influence? Do you exercise with knowledge? "No." That's why true love is needed. Love can be self-sustaining, love can be eternal, and love can be dynamic. So we seek that principle. You are the same. If you have a heart of love, you become dynamic, right? "Let's go! Let's go!" Just keep going... The Unification Church has been able to move forward without faltering despite persecution because of that strength. Reverend Moon endured hardships throughout his life without tiring and kept saying, "Let's go! Let's go!" He is always busy. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." If I were focused on making money... there would inevitably be limits. There are limits to power as well. However, this is infinite. Think about it: if I go with this concept, the universe goes with me, God goes with me, and the nation and the world go with me. Following this theoretical principle, the Reverend Moon is accompanied by people of all colors and races. We are seeking this work. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." It's the same. We need to clearly understand this. Only in true love does automatic and eternal movement occur.

When you enter a laboratory, even if the experimenter forces elements to move, they automatically become one centered around their counterpart. They automatically become one with their counterpart. You need to understand this. From this perspective, even God cannot be alone in an automatic sense. "God also has a substantial form. Therefore, He operates." This logic is incredibly theoretical. We need to understand that being made of substantial forms means we are a universal conclusion.

Now, you men are also made of substantial forms. Women are the same. All beings are like that. Therefore, what must you do first? You must unite body and mind. This is the principle. The universe says, "Unite body and mind!" The very manifestation of body and mind, the united self, is me. That is me. That is dignified anywhere in the universe. It is a qualified presence wherever it goes.

Your eyes, for example, must also become one. Even if there are two eyes, the focus must align. The focus must become one. The nose may be two, but it is unified. The mouth may be two, but when one goes up, the other goes down. If this movement occurs, what will happen? (Laughter) You create one hand, why make two? They must combine. The way we walk is also a step of unification.

Therefore, there is a line where two become one. Shouldn't it be so? Wouldn't it be better to unify like this? What is ideal? Is it better to be long or short? "Short." Why? Why is that? Did you understand?

So, what do humans universally prefer? They prefer short over long. If it's long, they dislike it. Therefore, it should be short. If it is short, what happens? It becomes short, but if you place it like this, it rises. (Pointing to a drawing on the board) Therefore, what is the center of the universe? It is a vertical line. People like what is high. They like what is high and deep. This is why America boasts of high mountains and deep oceans. Isn't that right? Width is secondary. Do you understand? Because the longitudinal aspect is central, this concept...

The foundation of cosmic completion is centered on true love between man and woman.

So, who is the closest person to me in the world? Who can be the closest and highest? That's the question. Isn't it? "Yes." What is it? "Father." Is the Father the Father from the very beginning? Adam and Eve exist first, and then their sons and daughters make the Father. (Laughter) Who is closest to Adam and Eve? "Heavenly Father." That's correct. Then, who is next? "Me." Me, me, me, oneself. (Laughter) The first is me, the second is the wife. It's not G.M.T. but G.M.W (God, Me, Wife). (Laughter, applause) Such a concept...

The closest to me is God. Is there a distance between God and me? "No." Then how high is it? When you think about it, God is absolutely necessary. That God is different from everything in the universe. Everything is different. The universe is here, and even if I stand in the middle of it, I think I am the highest and the greatest.

Therefore, humans dislike anything higher than themselves and anything deeper than themselves. Isn't that true? You all feel that way, right? This concept is only here, only in this place... God and I become one. Then, who is close after that? Here, the world of counterparts emerges, the world of counterparts.

Then, how do we expand? Although God and I are in a position of servitude, how do we expand? It is through the love of the counterpart. The man becomes one with God and seeks the woman. The woman also becomes one with God and seeks the man. So until the 21st century, 3 times 7 equals 21, wait until the 21st century. After that, when you come together, it won't break and will become completely 100% one. Otherwise, it won't work.

Then what happens? What happens to the privileges? The center becomes thicker. The center becomes thicker. From there, the scope of activity, the scope of movement expands. Then, it becomes one with sons and daughters. Since it has become one with sons and daughters, as the scope of the son-in-law expands, this also expands. (While drawing) Therefore, my stage of activity expands like this.

So, is the family just this big, or does it get bigger? How much bigger? How much? (Pointing to the board) When you restore the family, it leads to the restoration of the tribe, like this. So it expands like this. Then it leads to the restoration of the nation, the restoration of the world, and then the restoration of the cosmos, like this.

What is the motive? What is the motive? It is me and my wife. This is what you did not understand. The man completes half of the universe, and the woman completes the other half of the universe. Humans are half of God. They possess half of God's nature.

If God is here and humans are here, both God and humans are substantial forms, and how do they pull each other? What pulls them? It is a magnet. What is a magnet? It is the power of love, the power of true love.

So, where have we come? Here, "Hey, you come this far, and I will go this far," and we have come here. From here, like a lightning spark, the universe... Will the light of love be stronger or weaker than the lightning that strikes the clouds? Think about it. "The light of love is strong." It will be brighter than lightning and greater than thunder, have you thought about that, everyone? "Yes."

Your love is like the love of a mutt, like a mutt's love. Therefore, the day Adam and Eve love is the day when God's five senses are completely opened, and the universe is completely astonished. It is the greatest event among events. It is the loudest among sounds, the brightest among lights, the best among all things, the best of all. If there is a dance, there is no dance greater than that. 

You know, even doves coo when they love, right? Do you know why doves are called messengers of peace? Among animals, the dove makes the loudest sound while loving. Isn't that so? Do you think so? "Yes." Between lovers, it is okay to shed many tears, to sing until your throat hurts, to use all your energy. Do you understand now? That is why love is supremely sacred.

Is the love between men and women in today's world sacred? Is that the worst? You must now practice sacred love. Is the highest holiness two or one? "One." Can this woman, that man, this man, that woman love? "No." Love is absolute. Once you decide... You all received the blessing of engagement this time, right? "Yes." Regarding that sacred love, you cannot think about whether it fits or not, or have other thoughts, because it is sacred. Once you choose it as an offering, that offering is sacred. You must understand that.

If you cannot fulfill the expectation of the son-in-law, you cannot exist within the realm of true love.

Do blessed people have other thoughts? "No." Should they do that, or not? "They should not." The universe will not forgive that. It will bring a burden of conscience. A burden of conscience will come. The destruction begins with the pain of conscience, the destruction of conscience. Do you understand?

If education had been conducted today, centered on the principle of uniting body and mind, today's American youth would not have turned out like this. Therefore, without mothers and fathers, it is absolutely impossible. You cannot fulfill the expectation of the son-in-law. If you cannot fulfill the expectation of the son-in-law, you cannot exist within the realm of universal love. This is the principle of the universe. You must have your sons and daughters.

Because of not knowing this, groups like homosexualists and gays have emerged today, denying mothers and fathers, and husbands and wives are doing all sorts of things... This is contrary to the heavenly law of the universe, and they will receive the punishment according to the laws of the universe in the afterlife.

So, why do you cry when a loved one dies? Why do you cry? If they are dead, they are dead, why cry? What force acts to make me sad? If a son or daughter dies, they are dead, so why be so sad? This is how the cosmic law for the fulfillment of the expectation of the son-in-law is structured. When a wife dies, it means that I cannot reach the universal and total standard I must complete, so this becomes a lament, resulting in the universe ending as a whole unfinished product. It means it has not become a completed product. It is a failure, and the universe will expel it. It is expelled. It is through the force of expulsion that one becomes sad. Destruction occurs. Therefore, even if I go to the spirit world, as long as I have the standard to love... They do not know that. Then, you do not have to suffer.

You have been unaware of this until now. Although you do not know it, your heart knows and must not fail the standard to love this universe and the heavens and the earth, so you feel sad. From this perspective, how precious is the fact that you loved with sincerity? When you think that this is formed because of that, whether it is a wife you have lived with, a husband, or a child, you must become more united centered on them. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

The husband goes for the purpose, but if the wife is struggling and says, "Oh, what is our life? It is a mess. Husband, purpose, whatever, come out," and the husband follows that wife, he will be ruined. Likewise, a woman who follows such a husband is a woman who will be ruined. Can that happen? That is a betrayal of the universe and a betrayal of love as a whole. At that time, you must cut it off. Then heaven will provide a better counterpart. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Adam loved Eve, but if he had cut off the fallen Eve and not fallen himself, he would have created a better Eve. Would you prefer to follow a fallen son or daughter who has fallen away by following a wrong husband or wife? "No." You must clearly understand that. Do you understand?

Recently, there was a guy who followed such a wife. When I see that, I think, "These children who do not know the principle, these brats..." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You must understand this clearly. The principle is that clear. There is no compromise. That is why the teacher stands in such a position. If there is opposition, it must be cut off. You must understand that clearly. Therefore, women must take responsibility.

The responsibility of women is to bring the inheritance of the firstborn.

Now I need to talk a bit about women. You women must lead your sons and daughters. You must understand that you have the responsibility to create one son or daughter, a descendant of the fallen Eve. You must understand that. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Why is that? Because women fell...

Because Eve fell, she must lead Adam. If she leads him like this, he will fall. Eve led Adam and where did she lead him? Through Abel, she came to the world of Cain. (While writing on the board) Nowadays, in American society, women are the kings. Women have become the kings of America. Here, American men have become men who cannot move against women.

If women could lead their husbands and carry the cross over Golgotha to heaven, that would be good, but they are all leading them to hell. These foolish men! Women need to awaken.

These days, men are protesting for men's rights against women. What is that? What is that? (Laughter) You know that, right? "Yes." This is not what Reverend Moon is saying. This is what heaven is saying. This is what the law is saying, what the constitution of the universe is saying.

You must receive the governance of this law even after death. If you violate this law, you will go to hell after death. You will be caught by the eternal penal law and go to hell. Today, if Unification Church women protest against the Unification Church or Reverend Moon, let them protest. I am unfazed. Ask God. Did I lie? You must clearly understand this, you brats, do you want to drag men out again? "No." These children, even though I taught them clearly, are acting like this without understanding. Do you understand what I mean?

What is the responsibility of women? Women must give birth to Abel, the second son, and take back the inheritance of the firstborn. This is the responsibility that Eve must fulfill. You must understand that. However, Satan says, "Hey Eve, if you want to find your true love, come to me, acknowledge me, and get my signature," and Cain, becoming the body of Satan, says, "Unless you submit to me, I won't bless you." It has become a boundary.

Then, how do we govern? Originally, it is through love that heaven and earth govern. You must understand this. Originally, it is through love that governance and submission occur, which is the ideal of creation. That is how it is originally. You must understand this. Therefore, to subdue Cain within the realm of Abel, you must subdue him with love. This is speaking from the principle of the universe. So here, Eve must unite and cooperate with the mother. This is the cooperation of the Unification Church.

The good thing is that the mother is involved, so she can subdue Cain.
There is potential. You don't know how blessed this is in the context of restoration. The fact that the mother can cooperate in front of Cain is significant. Other things cannot cooperate. Since the fall began centered around the mother, it is a principle and a law to do things centered on the mother in the restoration era.

The inheritance of the firstborn cannot be exchanged; therefore, the mother and Abel can simply say, "Cain, I will do everything you want. But let's set the condition that the inheritance of the firstborn cannot be exchanged." When the fall occurred, it was through the love of Satan that the world fell into Satan's realm. Therefore, if we continue to unite centered on heavenly love, we can move back and forth. This is what can be exchanged. It changes through love and such.

All things follow love. Because it is a principle to follow a higher love, it is possible to enter into restoration. This is the principle. How long does this take? It takes between 7 to 21 years. Therefore, Abel must love Cain for 7 to 21 years. If he cannot do it in 7 years, he must endure and love for 21 years, even if he is insulted, bearing it and bearing it, gritting his teeth and going through all sorts of things, saying, "Ah, I have done everything I can for you. I now surrender to you."

The inheritance of the firstborn must be restored through love.

So far, women in the religious world have gone through a path of suffering. Women are pitiful. Women have been invaded. When a married woman becomes completely one with heaven, it is natural for there to be opposition. Plus and plus naturally oppose each other. So what happens? They hit, trample, gouge out eyes, pick noses, smash faces, tear clothes, and do everything. They do all sorts of strange things. They kill. The number of such acts can correspond to the number of humanity in this world... Until now, women have sacrificed like that. Why is that? Because the fall was caused by women. Women are the main culprits of the fall. They are the main culprits of sin.

Now, there are many sons and daughters here. There are many sons and daughters. But the father keeps hitting the mother. He persecutes and humiliates her because he believes in religion, and because of that, Abel-like sons and daughters who sympathize with the mother are born among these sons and daughters. They are strategizing. Abel's rights are born. Abel's rights arise; they cannot just go out. Sacrifice must be made. They must go through hardships for the sons and daughters to become their allies. This is how they side with the mother. Even those who were once loyal to the father follow the mother because the father is too much. 

Therefore, it is common to be beaten until faint. It should be understood as normal. Even so, they must not betray heaven, nor regard their husbands as enemies, and they must pray. They must pray for their husbands to repent. That is the path for women. They must not say, "God! Punish that husband!" This is how the condition of loving the enemy is fulfilled in the family. As a result, all the sons and daughters come to the mother's side. After that, they reflect, "Oh! I have lost all my possessions. Where did my possessions go? They went to the mother!" However, if they try to take it back by hitting, they will only be expelled. At that time, the sons and daughters will say, "Why are you doing this, Father?" and they will fight with the father. "Even if we fight, it's only for a day or two. We must think about the dignity of the sons and the family. What do you call believing in religion? If you dislike such a son and such a wife, then go out and live somewhere good." At that time, they will say, "If you want to leave, then leave." It must be like that, and then the husband will come in and repent, saying, "I was too much." Whose path is this? "The woman's."

Then why does the man hit? Why does the loving God allow men to hit? Shouldn't He punish them? Why does He allow it? Because the woman has humiliated the man, Adam, and made him into such a person, he must be avenged by the lord of hell. Vengeance is restoration through indemnity. It is about restoring the woman's grievances as a man. Thus, the woman is restored. When entering, restoration occurs here. Naturally, when the woman goes, the sons and daughters go, and the man must just say one word, "I was wrong." That is how restoration happens. This is the path for women. Do you understand what I mean?

All women in the Unification Church must be hit by men. So when Reverend Moon says, "Do this," they must do as they are told. (Laughter) From the ends of the earth to the ends of the other world, come and find me! Return! You are not the fallen Eve; return as the unfallen Eve and absolutely obey the teacher's words! Do not think of your own honor or prestige; just obey! If you cannot go in 7 years, then go in 21 years, 21 years. Therefore, women are told not to complain for 7 years. They are told not to complain.

Did you not complain? No matter what you think inside, you must not speak. If you speak, you will be caught. When you do not speak, you will not be caught, but if you speak, you will be caught. When you speak, Satan says, "It is mine." That is why you have gone in and out of the Unification Church for 7 years, in and out. It is not that everyone comes into the Unification Church and rises; rather, they rise and fall.

This is not Reverend Moon's words. This is not something I made up. Has anyone believed in the Unification Church for more than 7 years without complaining? Think about it, women. You all do not know the principle; you do not know the principle. The teacher has lived this path entirely. The teacher has truly lived this way. That is why this issue arose even in the teacher's family. If it is the mother, then keep your mouth shut centered on the mother. If you open your mouth, you will be caught. It is the same law. There is no exception for the teacher.

The method of God to take back while being hit.

The teacher has taken full responsibility for women. What kind of things has Mother Seong-jin done to prevent this path? Because the established church opposes it, Mother Seong-jin is bound to oppose it. Do you understand what I mean? If I speak at that time, I will suffer persecution that has not been seen in history. That is why I kept my mouth shut and stayed quiet. It is opposition, opposition. It is opposition. Yet, everything they wished for was taken away. Even the sons... That is why our Seong-jin came to find a father he had not seen when he was seven years old. However, this was done according to the principle, exactly according to the principle.

He did not even meet me. It has only been a year since we met, a year. It is principle, principle. It is done according to the principle. They spread all sorts of bad rumors, saying I am a person to be killed, and all sorts of rumors were spread. I love you the most, and even if you do not work, I will support you... They did all sorts of tricks.

Also, did they not say to the grandmothers who came first, "Those grandmothers took our husband away," and did they not hit the grandmothers? When the women family members came out, they grabbed them by the collar and said, "You brats, why are you here?" The more they did that, the more the women would say, "You sly woman, I must defend your husband." This is how it is. They take back while being hit. They took back while being hit. If I had followed that woman, would the Unification Church have emerged today? "No."

I knew that the Christians would oppose because Nixon was opposed, and I knew that the children would oppose because the wife opposed, and I knew that the parents would oppose because the children opposed, and that the nation would oppose, even the whole world. I played the game of overcoming that in 21 years. If you cannot go in 7 years, it takes 21 years.

No matter how unfair and angry you feel, it does not compare to the teacher's unfairness and anger. No matter how wronged and distressed Reverend Moon feels, it does not compare to God's anger and distress. That is why we endure. It is there that the emotional bond is connected. You must understand that behind the sadness, the path of God's emotional history is widening. There must be sadness behind it...

That is why you are also suffering. Anyone in the world must digest such things they dislike with joy. They must digest it with love. You must endure dozens of times the suffering of the teacher. That suffering is not for yourself. It is for humanity, for God. Do you understand, women? "Yes." Therefore, women in the Unification Church should not say "wah wah wah" about the matters within the church, regarding the teacher. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

God has also done so until now, and because He has established that law, God has also endured silently until now. He is enduring until He can prove that He loved humanity. Reverend Moon has established the condition of loving the world. From now on, God will open His mouth. He is not closing His mouth so that even your children can become like that. You yourselves must be like that. Three generations, three generations must be like that.

Why is that? The son-in-law's family is established around three generations. In America or in each country of the world, God speaks before all humanity because the teacher practices this. I also say to the world, "You all persecuted the Unification Church, didn't you? You brats! I do not remember being persecuted, but I remember the persecution of my sons and daughters." God also says, "You persecuted Reverend Moon, didn't you?" 

The free world must implement policies to block the power of communism.

Here, I want to say one thing. I hear that Reverend Moon made two big mistakes when he came to America. What are they? First, he supported Nixon, and second, he fought with Congressman Fraser. Originally, I am the person who hates Nixon the most.

What is Nixon's policy? Centered on Alaska, he proposed to build a defense line through Japan to the Philippines and Australia, excluding Korea. This is Nixon's doctrine. He advocated a protection plan that excluded Korea. I know that this Nixon policy has a purpose of connecting Western civilization with Asia from God's perspective. I know for sure that Korea would become the contact point. That is why I hated Nixon the most. The communists manipulated everything, trying to create chaos in Vietnam and Korea centered around Nixon, which is the direction the communists desire.

Supporting Nixon was for the purpose of ending the Vietnam War with a victory for America. It had to end quickly. I believed that if it ended, the Asian defense would be extended. Therefore, I said that this Nixon doctrine must be changed. It must be changed to reach a conclusion. If it goes according to Nixon's doctrine, Korea will automatically recede. God desires a path for America and the American president to unite with Asia, but he is trying to separate America and the president and destroy this. That is why I am the one who advocated love, forgiveness, and unity.

Then, Christianity will unite with Nixon, and the entire nation will unite. If all this happens... If it happens because of the motivation I advocated, then Reverend Moon and everyone will unite. Then what will Reverend Moon become? He will appear as a contributor to saving America and uniting this country. Then Nixon will consult with me.

If that had happened, the Watergate incident would have been resolved immediately. Immediately, if he had just come to consult with me, he could have set up a press conference, put the tape on the table, and poured gasoline on it, saying, "Here, there are state secrets. There are tapes related to the Republican Party, and the wiretapping incident regarding the Democratic Party... Today, the CIA is killing sovereigns of various countries and causing harm, and there are countless articles that they have done as they please. If this state secret is revealed to the world, it will be a disgrace to the American people and the American public. Therefore, I will take care of this. That is my responsibility as president." And just like that, it would all be over.

No matter how much wiretapping was done, the CIA's wiretapping that destroys the nation... Can we criticize the wiretapping of foreign countries while acknowledging domestic wiretapping? "There is no such heavenly law," and then pour gasoline and... 

Why is that? Look. Can the Republican Party's wiretapping of the Democratic Party's secrets cover up the CIA's wiretapping of foreign countries? That cannot exist in the laws of heaven, I say. If it is not judged as sin, how can Nixon be condemned? That cannot exist in the laws of heaven. From the perspective of heavenly public law, you must understand that the sin against foreign countries is greater than the sin against domestic issues. Even God sees it that way. So was supporting him a mistake?

Look. With Vietnam in that state, this Ford, this incompetent president is messing things up... Oh, when I see that, I think, "You brat! Go to hell, you brat!" This brat, running away? Would you like to be in such a mess? Even after being humiliated like that, do you still think of Reverend Moon like this? God has blessed America for 200 years, and now they are being chased by communists, is that it? I believed that this would definitely lead to such results, and that is why I supported Nixon to prevent it. That was Reverend Moon's claim on behalf of heaven, and was that wrong? (Applause)

Nixon is in that shape, Ford is in that shape, and Carter is in that shape, all of them selling out America. Three generations, three generations. I say this, and it does not benefit me at all. I know that I will receive more opposition and that it will be more difficult, but I am not speaking from my own position; I am speaking on behalf of heaven. (Applause) Should I keep my mouth shut? Do you think it was wrong for the teacher to do this? "No." You must understand clearly. Did you understand? Raise your hand if you did.

The fight with Fraser that brought about a global victory.

Next, the second point... When Jesus himself started Christianity and fought against the Roman Empire, if he had accepted Rome and chased them all away, would Christianity have become a religion of martyrdom until now? Think about it. If he had fought legally and won... What would have happened? For 2,000 years, Christianity would not have been massacred. Reverend Moon is not living for himself, not just for himself. In the historical era that lasts for thousands and tens of thousands of years, if I do not fight in this era and establish a clean foundation of victory, I think that thousands and millions of future generations of the Unification Church will be sacrificed.

If I won in Korea, would it become global? No. If I fought and won in Japan or Asia, would it become global? It is because I fought and won against the free world, America, that the foundation of global victory is established... This cannot be denied by all journalists, intellectuals, and scholars. All the rumors, both true and false, that have been spread in Korea, the blatant lies created by the communists, have all been pinned on Reverend Moon, and they are all just "blowing smoke."

In the end, as the world knows, did Reverend Moon win or lose? "He won." This is a global event. It is a global event, and the wall of persecution against the Unification Church that has lasted for decades is crumbling down. (Applause) Now, the wall of persecution against the Unification Church has completely collapsed. Therefore, trials are happening in Korea, trials are happening in Japan, and they are all fighting in the courts to take them down. Only in America...
There are 98 countries, so it will exceed 100 now, just with the victories. You need to understand how severely your country has threatened Reverend Moon. You must know that.

Now, all that remains is to plan assassinations. They will glare and try to assassinate. At that time, America will be fading from the free world. Did that go well or not? "It went well." White people have been arrogant until now, and they need to reflect on that. An unexpected, ridiculous, insignificant Korean has come and struck, and in the future, British people will strike, Germans will strike. Japanese people will come and strike. You need to understand that. If you don't listen to me, that's how it will be. (Applause)

I believe that. I know that. If such an incident occurs, will the members of the Unification Church just sit still? Problems will arise. This means that the world cannot be managed. Even if I die, I will not perish. Right? Do you understand? I have already decided everything and am doing this play. Do you understand? (Applause)

So, did Reverend Moon do well or not? "He did well." This will remain in the records of the U.S. Congress and will be recorded in the congressional minutes, and in this modern era, as a language that will serve as a shield against the destruction of America, it will remain before all humanity. What I am saying is all historical talk. 

Do you know that? "Yes." Why is that? Because of God's love, not because I wish for the enemy country to perish, but to save the enemy country...

To establish a new tradition in America, we must be on the front lines. When I see it one-on-one, I want to say, "Let this country perish quickly, let it perish quickly! Let these American media outlets perish quickly!" No matter how much opposition black people face, have I faced more opposition than that? I have not faced more opposition than that. The entire American populace is trying to kill me... Black people, can you respond? Can you say that your grievances and frustrations are greater than the teacher's? "No." Since the teacher forgives, you must also forgive. That is God's will. If you forgive and treat well, you will not perish but become the owner. Do you understand? Reverend Moon is the same, right? He was insulted and chased away, but I became the center.

What time is it? It's been three hours, shall we continue? "Yes." I want to make you all work rather than just talk to you. (Applause) Thank you. Then let's continue. (Applause)

American women, endure for 7 years, 21 years! You are blessed, so do not look at your husband's face as if he is great. Do not think about whether my face is better than my husband's; think about whether my heart is good, rather than thinking about whether my husband's heart is good. Do you understand? Without that, you cannot establish a new tradition of family in America.

This is not Reverend Moon's words. It is not because you hate it. I do this for you. A woman who was in a high position has come down, and that is wonderful; it is wonderful that she has come down. It is wonderful that it is the opposite. These American women must understand that we are the women called to embrace both sides of the world. Therefore, to become a husband that heaven loves and a wife that heaven loves, and to be born there, is what makes God happy. Women in America must become women that heaven can love. And to become such a woman, you must walk the path of destiny.

All the difficult tasks of the 7 years must be done by women. It is not right to first settle down saying this is difficult. Mothers, our mothers are the same. A mother must create her children, Cain and Abel, and return to her husband. At that time, the father will love her more than she loves him. He must love the children and love the mother more than the children. My brothers also liked my mother more than my father... (Laughter) Later, when they grow up, they will feel, "Ah, that is the principle."

It is the same this morning. If mom makes you laugh, you laugh; if dad makes you laugh? (Makes a face. Laughter) That is all the world of principles. You feel all that in your daily life, "Ah, that is how the principle is." When you achieve that, women will be blessed. The husband will say, "Our mom worked hard," and love her, and the children will say, "Our mom worked hard," and God will also say, "Oh, you worked hard." American women, do not become queens now; become queens after fulfilling your purpose. Do you want that? "Yes."

Men, do not worry. This means that men in the Unification Church do not have to worry about women at all. (Cheers. Applause) Take full responsibility instead of the teacher, fight through the history of indemnity, win, and wait for the return. At this time when we must establish a tradition in America, the CAP activities are at their most intense, and I have commanded the men to stay back and the women to go to the front lines. You must understand that. Do you understand? Because of this meaning, women go out... It is not that their sons, daughters, and husbands are all opposing them. In the past, husbands and children all opposed their mothers, but now, if husbands and children bless their mothers and fight well, our family will become a palace of peace.

Here, Eve has messed up, and the husband has messed up, but through Eve doing this, the husband is saved, and the children are saved, and both are revived. Therefore, the husband and children must understand that our house can start as a new palace because the mother has triumphed.

When they return, they will have the materials to teach and educate their husbands and children, saying, "This is how it should be." A mother with tears, a mother with love will emerge. I will love my children with the love I have for evangelizing. Also, I will serve my husband with the love I had for the CAP leader. You must understand that I went out for a nest of love that can love my husband and children more than the one who is responsible. Do you understand what that means?

This is the final gift I give to America. It is the final shield, the final medal; do you dislike this medal? "No." Then this tradition, this new family tradition... Women are the ones who ruin America and ruin families. It is not men, but women. Women have ruined everything.

Is what Reverend Moon teaches fanciful talk or principled talk? Is it absolutely necessary for America or not? "It is necessary." So what is Reverend Moon doing now? He is being persecuted in America, "Moonie, Moonie, Moonie, Reverend Moon, Moon, Moon..." Heaven and God are doing everything to support Reverend Moon, but are you just watching? You must understand that. Your blood must boil. The blood of the young must boil. You must have that pride.

Advance toward the path of true love for the completion of the universe.
When I think that I stand at this point of love, the base for the completion of the universe, I want you to think, "What can I not do?" Why are you weakening? Why are you doubting, why are you shaking? The teacher has accomplished everything alone. Even without the teacher, I made this resolution and came, and you are still like this even when the world is moving? When I think about how great the curse you will receive is, I cannot sleep. If you cannot do it, just keep your mouth shut. If you oppose, you will perish.

If you cannot go, you should say, "I cannot go, so please fight well in my place," and give your blessing; why do you pull down those who are going? Why do you pull them down? Is that something you can do? You must make a firm resolution. You are on this tremendous path.

When I shed tears of love, heaven cries, and the whole world sheds tears; when I am happy, the whole world is happy. You must feel that you stand at this resonating focal point. Therefore, when you become one with God, and the man and woman who are one with God become one centered on love in the family, that can expand horizontally. I have clearly understood that establishing that theory is the completion of the creation of the universe. That is not a path that only the teacher walks while you do not. I went while being persecuted, but you must go while being praised. That is different. That is different. Do you understand? 

Can you not go? If you cannot go, I will go to the spirit world and judge you. I do not want to stand in that position. I am not making someone else do it instead of me. I must make you do it, so I am someone who does dozens of times more work than you. Do you understand what I mean? With a heart of love, from now on...

Now, 1979 is passing. After this 79, it will become the 80s. The 80s are the years of hope. In our Unification Church, the day will come when the daytime will arrive, the daytime era. Right now, it is the night era, the night era. (Applause)

Then, with this love, let us close our eyes before heaven and resolve, "I have come to know that love, so I will run without losing to the teacher." May God's blessings be with all of you! (Applause) 

Contrasting Us with the World
When you enter the Unification Church, you will feel a sense of separation from the world. Of course, it is not only the Unification Church; that is how religion is by nature. In other words, this is going in a different direction from the direction that the people of this world are going, going their own way.

Unificationists Walking a Different Path
If we think reasonably, there are good people and bad people. So how do we distinguish between bad people and good people? When we look at the world, are there more good people or bad people? There are more bad people. What does that mean? It means that many people belong to the side of bad people. Therefore, the path taken by those who belong to the number of bad people is different, and the path taken by those who belong to the number of good people is different. Of course, they are different. That is why the Bible says, "The way that leads to death is wide, and many enter through it, but the way that leads to life is narrow, and few find it."

When the majority of people think centered on themselves, even if they are in a bad place, no one thinks they are bad. Also, even if they know something is bad now, they still have the hope that "next time I will be good."

When we think about that, because there is that hope of becoming good, it seems to put them in a position to deny reality. So, when we see that "this is really bad," it is something that all people, the evil world will like, and when we see that "this is really good," it is something that the evil world will really dislike.

So what kind of phenomenon occurs when one walks the good path? Because there is only one path, one must go straight without swaying. This leads to the thought that one must not sway. What about the bad path? One can go with their eyes closed and however they want. This leads to that kind of thinking. (Laughter)

If you ask an ordinary person, "Would you take the easy path or the hard path?" they would say, "Of course, I would take the easy path." What does that mean? If you ask, "Would you work for 8 hours or 2 hours?" everyone would say they would work for 2 hours. Even if they throw away school studies and everything, if there is a way to go to school, everyone would want that. However, while there are words, in reality, it absolutely does not exist. You must understand that. Words can be said, and they may sound plausible, but in reality, it absolutely cannot be so.

It is the same. When you go to school, if you ask, "Would you go to a difficult school or an easy school?" they will answer that they would go to a difficult school. So you all want to go to well-known schools, right? A well-known school is not an easy school. Right? And just going to school and graduating, what will you do? Just because you graduated from school does not mean everything is settled. After graduating from school, you must engage in fierce struggles based on everything that school has provided. You must engage in fierce struggles to become a notable figure.

You know, why does our Unification Church gather at Belvedere at dawn? While others eat at ten o'clock, take a break, read newspapers, and gather for worship knowing everything about the world, what is this Unification Church doing from early morning? To come here, you probably have to wake up at 4:30. (Laughter) When you go to established churches, they have all the facilities set up, heating systems, and everything, waiting for you. And worship lasts only 30 to 40 minutes. (Laughter) But what is this? In the early morning, in the pouring rain, do I have an umbrella, do I have a car to take me? I have to prepare everything myself, I have to use what I need, I have to drive the car... Does the church provide a bus? There is nothing.

And sitting here, what is this? Sitting on a cement floor makes my bottom cold, and it is so narrow that I have to sit like this (demonstrates) to sit. What is this? It is colder than praising God. (Laughter) Is that comfortable? Are you comfortable now? As my bottom gets cold, women worry that they might not be able to have babies later. (Laughter) Reverend Moon is not someone with a bad head; he knows all this. He knows everything.

Now, think about it. What is more valuable, sitting here and clapping "hahaha" or sitting on a chair and laughing "huhuhu"? "Sitting here and doing it." You know that. (Laughter) This is how we can compare the world. It is not that we became Moonies because we could not compare. You must understand that. You should have the pride that you became a Moonie because you compared it so clearly. (Applause)

Humans are meant to compare and walk a better path.
Moreover, think about Reverend Moon himself. Do you think I am doing this just because I know nothing, just because I am foolish and like a rock? "No." Even if there is a command from God, I do this because I compare and find it good; if everything were a loss and everything led to a negative conclusion, who would do this?

When I look at my birthplace, Korea, it belonged to the category of developing countries globally. In such a country, a young man comes out... I could lament being born in Korea as much as I want. At that time, what about countries like America, what about countries like the Soviet Union, what about developed countries? I was not unaware of all that. I knew how white people were, how black people were, how yellow people were; I could compare all that. But how did Reverend Moon come to do this until now? It is because I realized that I could possess something that white people do not have, that yellow people do not have, and that no race in the world can possess.

So what did I think? I thought I would do what white people could not do, I would do what yellow people could not do, and I would do what black people could not do. When I thought like that, would I have thought, "Oh, I was born as the son of a rich family, living comfortably and well-fed, and living a life like this"? What would it have been like? Think about it.
way to go, and I will go there.' Even if a thousand people flee, even if all the white people flee, even if all the yellow people flee, even if all the black people who have suffered leave their children and flee, I will go. I always think like this. Even if I say I will go, and everyone falls away, I will still go.

The path of a true person is one that is despised, filled with tears.

So how many mountain peaks are there? If there is a peak like this, what will you do? What will you do? This is something that white people will give up on, yellow people will give up on, and black people will all give up and retreat. So I have to go. I must go where no one else has gone. (Laughter. Applause) I will go the hardest path in the world. The hardest path in the human world is the one I will take. That’s how I thought. Then, before God, I said, 'God, please give me what is the hardest.' (Applause)

This was the determination and resolution of Reverend Moon when he started in his younger days. And he has continued like that. While all the young people were busy dating, I resolved to be number one in not dating. So no matter how much they tempted me to date, it was out of the question. (Laughter) Maybe because I made such a resolution, everywhere I went, women were just all over. They say American women are lively, but even the quiet Asian women were like that…. (Laughter)

Now, think about whether you would have thought like that. Among my male friends, I thought I wouldn’t lose to anyone in playing, wouldn’t lose to anyone in activity, wouldn’t lose to anyone in not sleeping, and wouldn’t lose to anyone in anything. So even when playing, staying up all night was normal. If two or three days went by and everyone fled, when they all fled and slept, I would feel good saying, 'Hey.' (Laughter) Only then would I think, 'I have to do this (showing his thumb).'

Is that a hobby? Do women have hobbies? Do women have hobbies? "Yes." You may not have hobbies, but when you have a son, you should give birth to such a son. What that means is, you need to find such a husband. If you don’t get a husband who can do that, you won’t have such a son. (Laughter) Then, while matching your husband’s pace, you yourself….

I will become a husband who says, 'I will make my wife the happiest in the world, let her sleep well, let her play well, and let her rest well.' Would I make her suffer so much that she can’t stand it? "I will make her suffer." If you have a husband like that, you would say, 'Wow, my husband is great. I will follow him day and night, wherever he goes.' If you can be a woman like that, you are one of the greatest women in the world. Do you want to be like that? "Yes." (Laughter)

American women don’t talk, and if they go away for just a week, they all get divorced, right? I want a wife who, even if I go out for about seven years without news, will not complain. Can you do that, our young ladies? "Yes." Raise your hands if you think you can do that anywhere. You may have raised your hands reluctantly, but when you put them down, it’s like 'Oh, am I to die an old virgin?' you thought inwardly? (Laughter) Now, you can probably imagine what the world will be like. How much time has passed? "It has been an hour." You will know that.

So, the path of a true person, a good person, and a person loved by the true God is a path that is comfortable, easy, and welcomed, or is it a path that is filled with hardship, tears, and cries of 'Oh, I want to die, I want to live'? "The latter."

A teacher who makes you study is a good teacher.

When you start looking with your eyes, did you look at one place for 24 hours, or did you look sideways? "Only one place." From the beginning, from childhood until you grow old and die? "Yes." Can your thoughts wander? No matter how much your eyes wander, can your thoughts wander? "No." Is it better to compare and think, 'Oh, I used to look at my beloved like this,' or is it better not to? Is it good to think, 'Oh, I used to live comfortably and well'? Is that good or bad? "Bad." How about you now? "It’s the same as when I entered the Unification Church." It’s because you are here, right? "No."

Let me ask you. Raise your hand if you have never dozed off while attending Belvedere. Is that a lie or the truth? Those people, you know. Those who say they haven’t slept are the ones who came here after sleeping a lot in advance, I think. (Laughter) What that means is, everyone sleeps, but we need someone who can stay awake. So when sleep comes, you should pinch yourself, fight with the person next to you, and do such things. (Laughter) Have you done that? Have you fought with others? "Yes, I have." 

Which is better, someone who just sleeps without doing anything or someone who is dozing while pinching themselves? (Laughter) Even if you sleep, which is better? What that means is, you slept, but you slept painfully. That is the condition that can pass. (Laughter) Is that true or not? "It’s true."

What that means is, when working outside, while others work normally, Unification Church members work while receiving scolding and suffering. And they make it hard for those around them, saying, 'You should work too,' dragging them along, scolding them, and even while being scolded, they make it hard for each other. (Laughter) Why is that? What is good? "Making it hard." You know that much. You know.

Then, Reverend Moon of the Unification Church. Is it better to train you harshly or to let you do as you please when you want to eat, play, sleep, and do whatever? "Training harshly." And a teacher who makes you study hard is a good teacher, right? Is a teacher who lets you do as you please a good teacher? "A teacher who makes you study hard."

The world hates the person who walks the path of the highest goodness the most.

So, Unification Church members are different from the world. Unification Church members are different from the world from one to a thousand, ten thousand, and all. They must be different. The world wants below 90 degrees, but we are standing above 90 degrees. And even if someone says, 'Oh, teacher! I looked up above 90 degrees and broke my leg,' and many become disabled, I still want this.

Then, if a person with a broken leg says, 'Oh, my leg broke because of Reverend Moon,' and spreads bad propaganda, saying Reverend Moon broke his leg, will you retreat then? "I will still do it." Even if I hear such words, I will do it. That’s how it should be. That’s why many people have fallen after entering the Unification Church. When there are diligent people, they test them, saying, 'Let’s see how much that guy can do before he falls.' They train them to fall on purpose.

When testing, will you adopt the Western testing method, the Eastern testing method, God’s testing method, or Satan’s testing method? If the hardest is Satan’s testing method, then we will adopt Satan’s testing method. Then even Satan will submit. Everything connects, everything. We will create people who can receive a certificate from Satan saying, 'You passed.' That person can freely go to heaven, but they can also freely go to hell. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Because I thought like that, the path that Reverend Moon walks will be opposed by the world, and the world will try to beat him down and prevent him from going. This conclusion has already been anticipated.

Look. There is opposition. Even though he is the one who wants to walk the best path of goodness in history, the world despises him, makes him the worst villain, and gives him all sorts of names. Reverend Moon has no name that is not bad. He is worse than Hitler, worse than Mussolini, worse than Stalin, and worse than the mafia boss. He has all the bad names.

He walks around with all those names. If you take off this name, what will come out is a golden robe. Isn’t that strange? Even if you take off Hitler or Mussolini, they are all the same, but I think Reverend Moon is different. That’s different. The wise ones are smart. That’s why the smart ones remain. (Applause) Everyone acknowledges that.

What I see and feel in all things is for God.

So what is today’s title? It is 'The Contrast Between Us and the World.' So what kind of person has Reverend Moon become? As I look at this, what have I done? I realized that this universe was created because of me, that God is my Father, and that God created this universe for me. How wonderful is that! How wonderful is that!

Therefore, no matter what the world says, when I ask God, 'For whom was this universe created?' He will say, 'It was created for you, Reverend Moon.' God is also my God, and the universe is also mine. That’s not just words. And then I look at the world.

When spring comes, flowers bloom, fragrances arise, and beautiful flower gardens appear. Butterflies fly, bees fly…. It symbolizes everything in the universe. It is all to show me God’s love, God’s nobility, and all the angels’ world harmonizing. Everything is connected to me. It is all to show me. Even a little bird chirping is looking at me, and if it is hungry or wants to find a friend, it would be nice if I call it. Everything is connected like this. I am very sensitive to such a world.

When butterflies fly in pairs, humans should live more beautifully than butterflies, and when seeing what birds like, they should live more beautifully than birds, and they should live ideally beyond all animals. Therefore, when spring comes, I should say, 'Sparrow, you are chirping and happy this spring, but next spring, I will be happier than you.' That’s how it should be.

So, when I sing and when I emit all fragrances, who is it for? It is for God. Therefore, God will follow me and compare me, so that He can be stimulated and enjoy, just as I feel through animals or all things. Even if I have nothing to wear and become a wanderer, if I lie down in the yard, the sky is my blanket, and the flowing water next to me is my faucet. All the things blooming in the garden are my food; that’s how I think.

When I see the stream of water, that stream is very small, just a drop of water, but I praise it, saying, 'You are a great water that has a connection with the ancestor of this great ocean.' Even when I see a little blade of grass, nowadays, if there is some famous artist who has a painting and it is kept in a museum, and they boast about it, saying it is worth hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars, I think, 'That is just a painting made by humans. How can a flower made directly by God compare to that?' I think it is more precious than anything in any museum.

So even when I catch a bird, after kissing it, I say, 'Hey, you are more precious than anyone else.' You all should go to a damp place and look under the leaves. Even the invisible insects are all crawling around in pairs, whispering to each other, and they all communicate. I can feel love and happiness because it is the mountain museum of the garden that God created for me, the mountain museum. All things know that the owner is a person, the son of God, so they all want to follow and pay attention to that owner. That’s why there are green gardens, and wherever there are green gardens, there are no borders, and human manipulation is not recognized at all. Even birds have no borders. They have no visas or anything. (Laughter)

When a typhoon comes, I say to the typhoon, 'America is the greatest in the world.'
Because it's a big country, no one can come in here. Therefore, even typhoons cannot enter. Does that make sense? (laughs) Right? "No." Even a tiny ant can cross freely, a little snake can cross freely, and bugs can fly around. Everything can do that, but why can't humans cross freely? 

Also, not only that, but Mexican ants and American ants, they stick together and give birth freely, and Mexican sparrows and American sparrows lay eggs and have chicks freely. Mexican pigs, tigers, all live together as one, but why is it like that for humans? (laughs) What is this? When I look at such nature, it’s truly amazing.

Now, the taste of water in America is different from the taste of water in Korea, right? The taste of air in America is different from the taste of air in Korea, right? Is it different or the same? "It's the same." The sunlight in Korea is different from the sunlight in America, right? "It's the same." So, how wonderful is the person of this sky, the person of intention. How artistic, how poetic, how free, and how capable is this in everything? Therefore, from the very bottom to the very top, the way to God is brightly opened.

Whatever you do, you must do it to grasp God's heart world.

Now, what comes to mind is, you all know that a violin has four strings, right? Even though there are four strings, if one string vibrates, will the other strings vibrate too or not? Will they shake or not? "They shake." There may not be a sound, but they all resonate together. The universe is contained in that. Do you understand? Similarly, when one part of the universe vibrates, the entire universe... When I pluck a violin string, the universe dances to that tune. How wonderful is that! What can create such vibrations? It's the air, the air. This is the transmission power of the air, the transmission power. Isn’t that right? It's the same. Just as there is something that acts as a medium for vibrations like the air, in the spiritual world, there is love.

That's why when you strike the love string once, it goes "Woo-" Try it once. If you strike love once... When you sit in that world, angels come and dance, and all that ecstasy unfolds. There, if I become a global poet and recite poetry, the angels will dance to that melody. God feels good and says, "Ah, my son loves me!"

Yes, when I pray, I always pray poetically. When I pray about the universe you created, praising this beauty, God really likes that. Also, sometimes I speak eloquently about God. It's just like a child wanting to show off to their parents. It's the same.

Even when I feel that way and go to school to study, I’m not studying for myself, but to deeply understand the beauty of all nature created by God and to grasp God's heart world. How wonderful is this! By knowing God, we can love deeper and love higher. Even if the teacher gives me strict education, it is all to help me absorb heavenly love and natural love, and to make me a central figure. It’s all thought of in that way. To make me the master of love, even when I go out into society and work, even when the harsh winds blow, I think it’s all to spread love and to show the true value of love.

The teacher has experienced a lot of hard labor. I’ve done a lot of hard labor. My face is dark, my body is dark, I wear ragged clothes, and I smell of sweat, but even while eating lunch on the gravel by the river, I hum a tune praising this beauty... I can praise God in such places even more than in a holy temple. So, I have slept by the river, under bridges, on mountains, in gardens; there’s no place I haven’t slept. I really like sleeping there. I’ve wandered through dark nights, and on nights with a crescent moon or a full moon, it’s all poetic. I really enjoy such play.

Spring is beautiful in its own way. Summer has its own stimulation, autumn is autumn, and winter is winter; spring, summer, autumn, and winter are all created by God for me. I think that suffering for God creates a deeper love and a deeper expectation of heart than loving parents. Even when I face opposition from the colored races, I am doing this play because I am opposing for the sake of loving the colored races. I believe this establishes a tradition that can fundamentally move the history of the colored races. I have often talked all night centered around Koreans, the yellow race. I want to do the same with white people. I also want to do the same with black people. It’s just that there’s no time. It’s the same. At that time, I thought that Koreans represented the world’s colored races.

Now, thinking like that, even if it’s hard to go to school, if there are difficulties at school, I am determined to overcome them and take responsibility. The hardest thing in society is that bad people, evil people dislike it, so I like all of that, and I think that I will do what I dislike to become a good person.

What is the hardest problem in the world today? First, it’s that religion has declined and lost its essence, which is the hardest problem. I have taken on the responsibility to revive this. Secondly, what is it? It’s that young people have become corrupt and have all turned into stray dogs. Who is responsible for this? Everyone? Thirdly, what is it? It’s communism. What can I say? It’s like an epidemic, an epidemic.

Unification Church members must live happily with the bad things in the world. Then what happens to America? America is a Christian country, but it is all drifting away, and the young people of America are all taking drugs and engaging in free sex, leading to ruin, and now they are being destroyed by communism. This communism issue is the hardest. It is the hardest problem in the world and the most headache-inducing problem before God. Who will take responsibility for that? Reverend Moon must take responsibility. Now, all kinds of arrows are flying. All the world’s communists...

Now, the young people in America, the decaying youth, what do they say about Reverend Moon? They say it would be a big problem if Reverend Moon were around. Nowadays, what is it, some dance? Disco dance or something like that is causing a stir.

Our Unification Church members must live a happier life than the worst things in the world. That’s the conclusion. They all must do fundraising, fundraising. They hate fundraising the most. Do fundraising, I say. People want to elevate themselves, but if you tell them to go fundraising, they would rather die than do it. Look at that. Why is that? It’s because you have to experience it to understand. You must understand that experiencing it is to become a person who knows how to give.

When I compare myself with the world, at times like this, when I am in difficulty, I want to create a person who can help and give. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Everyone is learning. After that, you must go out and pioneer evangelism. For the sake of others' lives, to save all those who persecute you, working day and night for the sake of survival means that I want to learn the way to give love.

The world is our learning ground.

Therefore, when you are fundraising, you are learning to receive from me, but you should think that you are doing this to create a personality that can give love in the future. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Even if I keep doing fundraising while facing opposition, think of it as training to give love. So, what do you think? "They sent me to teach me!" Therefore, think that I am accumulating the materials to learn.

You must feel salty, sweet, sour, and spicy. Only then will you know the normal taste. Do you understand? This is my learning ground. Humanity is moving for me. Even if I cry in the east, because I cry spiritually at the love string in the center, that love string pulls me, who is crying in the east, to the center, and even if I cry in the west, that love string in the center will surely pull me, who is crying in the west, to the center where my tears will stop. Think about how admirable that is.

Imagine that God is creating a score of joy and sorrow for me. He is composing a score of love throughout my life. When I am in a serious situation, He records a serious melody, and when I am at ease, He records such melodies. So think, "My life is a symphony orchestra." Imagine that I can create a piece that I can play as a symphony orchestra. The music recorded because of me is love music, so when the orchestra of heaven plays it, it will dance, and the whole world will melt into the heart of love.

Now, when Reverend Moon has drawn about 90 percent of this score, I think I need to fill in the remaining 10 percent. How will I fill it? This is the climax, and I think it should be like this. (While writing) Now, when you write that, think that you are the materials, the pencil, and the brush.

When the universe can unite as this love song, Reverend Moon will become the central melody in that tune! How wonderful is that! There will be parts from Korea, parts from Japan, parts from America, parts from Africa, parts from white people, parts from yellow people, and parts from black people. And that will become a harmonized book. (Applause. Cheers) When you go to the sea, you go to the sea, and when you go to the mountain, you go to the mountain... How wonderful is that? This is a realm where you can sing even while crying. It’s a realm where you can cry while laughing.

When you go to see a movie, do you prefer an exciting movie or a dull one? "An exciting one." Then what about God? When people go before God and boast, saying, "My history is like this," among those people, whose story do you think God would like the most? I think He would like Reverend Moon’s story the most. God would feel it vividly, and even while crying, He would go "Ugh" and while laughing, He would go "Haha" at such content. (laughs) That’s how I think and live. 

I am currently weaving a long narrative, a long narrative.

Now, as I create the script of the play, what is this? It’s being the main character, the main character. As the main character, I call all of you and give you roles... (Applause) You must understand that. It becomes the film of the heavenly kingdom, going fundraising and going out to evangelize, even if I have to drive 24 hours and can only go 55 miles, if I am commanded to advance at 100 miles but can only go 55 miles, does that mean I cannot go to heaven and will go to hell? No, it doesn’t. "Hey, this guy did a great job!" (Applause)

Unification Church members are like willows in front of the incoming typhoon.

It’s been two hours, should I keep talking? "Yes." Then did I speak well? "Yes." Give me some applause, let me drink some water. (Cheers. Applause) I asked you to applaud because I wanted to drink water. It’s not that I like you applauding. I asked you to applaud because I wanted to drink water.

Now, is the living quarters of Munyi wonderful or not? "It’s wonderful." So, even though the teacher has suffered more than anyone, I don’t have wrinkles, no wrinkles. Just the other evening, a professor's wife came and said, "Oh, I saw you five years ago, and you look younger now."

Even if they put handcuffs on me and throw me into prison, I have no problem. I can talk anywhere. I can confidently educate even a death row inmate. Whether there are ten or fifty people, I can take control within a week. I know the entire world of that death row inmate. I know the world of crime well. I understand their feelings well. When I talk, it’s like a long novel... "That person will definitely cry. They will wail," and they definitely will.

Here, make a resolution and create a new person...

Reverend Moon is a person who lives by speaking throughout his life, right? Isn’t that right? "Yes." I’ve spoken up to ten times a day. I’ve spoken up to ten times. There were times when I spoke more than ten times. I spoke about all different topics. I am a person capable of that. If I were to teach Sunday school children, I would be a well-known person nationwide.

I haven’t said a word to my own children. So, they think of me as a gruff father, but the children of the world don’t see it that way. I am a fun person. I am a fun person. Are you all like that? "Yes." Even if you ask a white person, they would say "Yes," and if you ask a yellow person, they would say "Yes," and if you ask a black person, they would say "Yes."

When you look at this, how wonderful is it? How wonderful is it? How dignified... When I think about it, I think, "I am like a willow in front of an incoming typhoon." Unification Church members are like willows. Do you know willows? When a typhoon comes, you would think they would shatter and fly away, but all the stiff trees fly away, yet the willow remains. That’s the kind of composure I have. Even when a storm like Mount Tai blows, I have that composure. Even if the American government, the Congress, and the free world all say to kill Reverend Moon, I still have that composure. Why? Why? Because I know God, I know God's love, and I know what humanity is like, so I am not afraid of death. I can cross even the path of death. Do you all want to be such people? "Yes."

A great teacher tries to make their disciples greater than themselves. You must understand that this is what makes a great teacher. Then you will not perish. Because I love you all like my children, just like parents hope their children become better than themselves, I have the desire to make you all greater than me. Can you do that? "Yes."

The Unification Church is difficult because it takes the shortcut.
"Rather than suffering in the Unification Church, you might think you would achieve more success in society." 
You might think that if you earned millions of dollars, 
146   
what would you spend that money on? For your children? Who did you earn that money for? You earned it for yourself, just for your children, and for your wife; do you think you worked hard for the world, for God, and for the universe? Do you think that? Rather, even if you have nothing, not a penny, you should go out for the universe, for heaven and earth, for the whole. 
Americans think money is the most important thing. When viewed realistically, because they are pragmatists, next they dream, "I need to work hard and achieve success. It would be nice to become a senator or a president." 
So, who did you do that for? For yourself. America is all about individualism, all of it. When I met with senators and reviewed everything, I found there are more thieves. They are frauds. There are many who would sell the country for their own benefit. "I will do my best to get rid of someone in the next election and how do I stay in?" That’s what they are thinking. Oh, how trivial! Oh, how trivial! They are preparing for that before thinking about the country. 
What will such a person do if they become a senator? What will they do as a senator? If it just flows away, then what? They have worked hard for decades, sweating and toiling, just for that. Even if such a person becomes a senator, it is concerning, even if they do become one, it is worrying. Is there a guarantee that we will become senators just by working hard? Is there a guarantee that you will succeed? "No." 
Look at Kennedy. His high reputation fell apart overnight. He tied his precious life to that... 
Look at how much foundation organizations like the Unification Church will lay in America in ten years. Even if leaders in America work hard for ten years, I will lay the foundation that can encompass, digest, and trample over everything you have worked for in ten years. They don’t even think about that. 
Even now, if I want to, I can do anything. If there is money, there is money; if there are people, there are people; if there is ability, there is ability; if there is a base for such activities, then I have it. You all don’t know what the teacher is doing right now. 
Recently, during a world executive meeting, after a year and a half, about 50 companies have emerged, and people were saying, "Oh, when did all this get made?" When you only look at yourselves, nothing has changed since you came in; you feel miserable, smaller, and more pitiful, but the teacher is not like that. Even our mother doesn’t know what is happening, even she is unaware. 
The smart people in Korea, those who graduated from Seoul National University and so on, said that the Unification Church is for the foolish, and they boasted that they could become department heads or the sons-in-law of company presidents when they went out into society, and they left 10 or 20 years ago. Nowadays, all those people's juniors have stayed in the Unification Church and are now sitting with titles like section chief and manager, and there are numerous instances of those people bowing their heads before them. 
Back then, when their parents came to the Unification Church and pulled them out and scolded them, they were quiet, but these days they say to their parents, "Mom and Dad, because you opposed me and pulled me out, I ended up like this. If I had been in the Unification Church, I would have been like this, but because of you..." And the parents say, "Hey, you kid! Other people's children have endured opposition and stayed; why did you come out?" and they argue. The mother and son are fighting. I am hearing such reports. 
While worldly people go down, Unification Church members rise up. 
You all are the same, you all. If you want to go, go. "I won’t go." Just wait and see. You won’t go in ten years. You won’t go in ten years. Do you think the teacher is some kind of fool? I am sharper than you, my antenna is better than yours... I can clearly see how the world will be in the future, and I am taking the shortcut. Taking the shortcut is 
148   
hard work. Do you understand what I mean? 
Now it’s the end of the year, and in the 1980s, those people should quickly pack their bags and leave. "No, I don’t want to." (Laughter) Then do you want to stay? "Yes." Would you rather be worse than the teacher? "No." You all think that if you go to America, it is a more advanced country than Korea, and you think of the pride of being an American citizen, that everything is better than the teacher, that you eat better food than the teacher, that you wear better clothes than the teacher, and that you spend more money living than the teacher; how can you be worse than the teacher? So, will you be better than the teacher or worse? "Better." (Laughter) Do you really think so? "Yes." I cannot trust you. I cannot trust Americans. Why is it "yes"? Because when you listen to the teacher, you think, "Oh, this is such a wonderful thing," and that’s why you say "yes," right? 
When comparing us with worldly people, worldly people go down and we rise. Therefore, inevitably, there will be people who will say, "Please save me," even if they have to hang themselves. (Laughter) They will be willing to do anything. Now, look at where America is going. Where is America going? Think about where it will go. When you ask young Americans, "Where do you want to go?" they say, "To the disco dance hall." They advertise disco dance on TV, but why don’t they advertise the Unification Church, you little brats? (Applause) 
Even if the teacher is sitting in prison, he has lived that life. Speaking about heaven... No matter how difficult it is, even if I am pushed away, I have lived that life. I think so. When I look at historical eras or this era, I think there is no man as wonderful as Reverend Moon. When God looks at it, I think God will say, "Hey, that guy is being cursed, but I cannot help but support him." (Applause) 
You all clapped because you are fools, right? "No." Why? Why? Even though there is opposition, it is wonderful. The man is wonderful. If America opposes, he intends to cast a net larger than America. If the world opposes, he plans to cast an even larger net to trap them all at once. 
Now, is that net for money, for knowledge, or for power? No. It is a net for people. Therefore, no matter how big it is, no matter how tangled it is, it is good. Whether you pierce your nose this way or that way, or upside down, it is all good. If you pull the nose, the hole will open, so if it seems like a hole will open, you hold it with your hand. If this falls, it will catch the mouth. This is love; this is love. Do you think that is the essence of love? "Yes." That’s why the communists are in a state of desperation because of the Unification Church fools. 
When eight people engaged in CAPF activities fight against 200 communists, our kids are grabbing three communists and holding on. "You little brat!" they say. How can eight people against 200 work? So, they mobilized all the students and said, "What’s wrong with Unification Church, you little brats?" and everyone is doing this... (Laughter, applause) 
If this continues, in the future, if you oppose the Unification Church, you will become communists, and if that happens, even if you are asked to speak about the Unification Church on the street, you won’t do it. (Laughter) If that happens, even the Washington Post will get caught up in it. 
Now, look. The State Department opposes CAPF activities, but the FBI and police are all saying, "Go ahead. Come on, hurry up." Isn’t that interesting? That’s the fun of it. That’s the fun. While the father and mother oppose, the son is on my side. It’s the same thing. And older people will be dismissed or collapse in ten years, but the young people will all become the owners. That’s why there are many young Unification Church members. God loves young people, so they gather. "That’s right." 
You need to receive training while Reverend Moon is alive. 
Do you have the ability to lead and teach hippies and yippies? "Yes." Don’t you have interest in that? "Yes." Don’t you miss the times when you could do whatever you wanted? When you could eat cheese and butter as you pleased, sleep as you pleased, and enjoy yourself? Don’t you miss those times? "No." 
Even at Christmas, there isn’t even a piece of cheese; what is this? It’s desolate. "No." (Laughter) In the past, friends and girlfriends would all follow you, but what is fun about being alone? I think that time was good. "No." I think so. I think it was good. "No." 
If it’s Christmas, you would meet your parents and your beloved, go to your room, laugh, and eat delicious food, but sitting in the Unification Church looking at the Cheongmaru or watching flies fly by, what is this? Staying up all night... Isn’t that ridiculous? In a cold room, is there a piece of bread or a piece of cheese? How ridiculous is that? Now, does this young person have a taste for living? Do they have a taste for living? Also, because it’s the end of the year, they are all being told to fundraise and are being scolded without rest. 
So, what becomes of that? What becomes of that? If your butt is thin, it will get bigger; if your chest is small, it will get bigger; will the eaves become beautiful? (Laughter) It’s ridiculous. It’s ridiculous and pitiful. How lonely is it? 
Young people, those who had relationships with women in the past, will all remember and will be gasping, unable to bear it. I know all that. In the Unification Church, to get married, you have to wait for 6 or 7 years, and even after getting engaged, you have to wait for 3 years. "Oh, the Unification Church is so tiresome. Just thinking about it is hard." So, they think this won’t work. I know all that. I know it well. It is great because there are many such things to overcome. Historically, those who have true faith have all walked that path, so Reverend Moon walked that path, and he is still walking that path now. 
You all need to receive training while Reverend Moon is alive; what will you do when I am not here? You have suffered more than I have, as the teacher has faced persecution all his life while doing this work. Have you thought that you can just eat and do nothing? "No." The teacher has lived that way, but even when pushed and chased, when I look back, the world is moving forward. The world is moving forward. 
For example, all the great people at the scientists' conference, once they truly know Reverend Moon, they testify. A few years ago, they all thought, "Phew, I hope he doesn’t come. I hope he doesn’t show up," but now they are worried that he might not be there. What was once high is gradually lowering, and what was once low for Reverend Moon is gradually rising. Do you think that is true? "Yes." 
Now, do you think we should continue the scientists' conference or stop it? "I think we should continue." This year, we spent over 1.25 million dollars, over 1.2 million dollars; do we have to keep spending that money? "Yes." Have you ever thought about making money for the scientists' conference? Have you ever thought about it? While fundraising, have you thought you were doing it for the scientists' conference? One word from those people can move over 100 million people and influence the president of the country. There are plenty of such people. 
You need to know that you are the chosen soldiers of God. 
So who prepares that money? You don’t think about it, but the teacher is working day and night, mobilizing the world, doing this work day and night. While doing that, I have to marry everyone off, and if you don’t start preparing now, there will be big trouble next year, and you are doing this work without even dreaming about it. You don’t dream about what will happen in ten years, but if you don’t prepare for what will happen in ten years starting now, it will be impossible. You need to do it now. You need to prepare from now on. 
Even though you cannot sympathize with such a teacher, you are just saying this and that, just saying this and that. You think I am sucking your blood and exploiting all the money you earn for my own purposes. I know everything. I know that I am not in debt to you; you are in debt to me, and America is in debt to me. You little brats, even though tens of millions of dollars have come into my bank account, not one of you talks about it. Reverend Moon is exploiting you, and everyone is saying this... 
If there were no God, why would I do this? With that money, everyone thinks of living better than others, so why am I doing this? I know that even if I die, I must leave God's will in this world. (Applause) When I think of that... Christmas is coming, and the end of the year is approaching, so everyone is feeling anxious and restless. 
Look. Speaking of Japan, we are currently moving with a goal of 38 million dollars in two months. Do you know you are in debt for that? For what purpose? They are doing it for America. Also, do you know that there are Unification Church members in Soviet satellite countries who are in prison and dying? I know that. I know that. We are alive, so we feel a responsibility to build a bridge to free them. 
If there were no communists and no villains, I wouldn’t need to make you suffer. In order to deal with communism in the future, we must train you. Can you digest American-style democracy and American-style pragmatism? No. Therefore, we believe that if we do not create people with the autonomy to survive and digest communism in the future, we will perish. If not, we cannot hold back the flood, so we are training for that. 
That’s why you cannot complain. Know communism and complain. Do you know communism? Do you know? What does the American people know about communism? What does Carter know about communism? So, don’t think like Americans in the future. You need to know that you are the chosen soldiers of God who must survive and be able to digest communism. 
You need to know that the America you know is going down. So, let’s move forward with pride. 
If you don’t do it, I will choose England, Germany, or France and do it. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Think about it. Even though I have nothing now, look at what will happen in ten years.
It will be. If there is time, it would be good to talk about all the plans for the future, but there is no time, and it's done on purpose, intentionally. Now, as we enter the 1980s, we must advance more strongly. You should not make excuses. We cannot do without working. Now, it is organized and structured. If we don't do it, we will attach dynamite to our backsides and blow ourselves up. If you don't like that, pack your bags and leave today. You are a hindrance to others. Go! "I won't go." I cannot trust you all. 

In the 1980s, let’s not complain and move forward strongly. When we think about that, we realize how wonderful our lives are as those who are in the world of purpose. If the teacher did not have this ideology, would he have remained in this position until now? Would he have come this far? No, he could not. Everything would have already collapsed. If it were you, everything would have already collapsed. 

The teacher commanded us to think about economic issues since the 1970s. It has been nine years now, nine years. For nine years, there have been rumors around the world that there is a lot of money. During these nine years of preparation, we laid the groundwork. At that time, when going out for evangelism, we were not allowed to take any expenses. We were only allowed to take transportation fares, and all money was collected. Instead, we were instructed to take about a bag of mixed grain powder. What bread? What cheese? What butter? What biscuits? Where are those? For breakfast, we put mixed grain powder in a cup, poured water, and made something like porridge to drink. We ate flour, not rice flour, but raw wheat flour. And that laid the foundation. 

Do you know what fundraising for the Unification Church is? It all started from that time (1970). I planned everything... I taught everything. 

That’s why even these days, when people from the East come to the West, they have no money but travel well by plane, right? You all do, right? Just fundraising for a day or two can easily cover the airfare. Because of that, you can go to the East, anywhere in America, Europe, and travel everywhere without money. Can millionaires travel freely like that? There are many Americans who go to the West and die without being able to come back to the East. 

Recently, I commanded the members of the CAP to "travel back and forth between the East and West of America as leaders for a week." The whole country is a stage for a month of activities. As soon as the teacher first arrived in America, he traveled through all 48 states in 40 days, visiting everywhere. I already did it all before you. Run! Run! If the driver falls asleep, I would say, "Hey! What are you doing sleeping comfortably, you brat?" What bread is there? Is there white bread here? What else is there? There’s sausage. Two pieces of bread, one sausage, and one pickle, that’s lunch, breakfast, and dinner. It’s food 24 hours a day. 

Now, who is that leader? Miss Kim! No matter how big a person is, they absolutely cannot give two. They cannot eat more than two. (Laughter) They just want to eat wherever they go, and whenever they have time, they just look at the shops. American kids have the habit of drinking Coca-Cola, eating ice cream, apples, and bananas 24 hours a day, so they follow along saying, "Oh, oh." (Laughter) I said, "It’s not just you guys; I’m going to train the American people like this, starting with you." I had already prepared for that. 

You know the Volkswagen, right? When driving through the desert areas, like Nevada and Arizona—there are no police there—just step on it, step on it! I said to step on the accelerator. (Laughter) These people think about going to a motel to have dinner and sleep in the evening, but where is the motel? The car is the motel. The car is the bed, and the car is the table. The inside of the car is the table. (Laughter) 

That’s why I carry them around 24 hours a day. I don't want to see that. If you feel sleepy, just sleep. "The reason you can’t sleep is that you’re not tired; I can sleep well, so why can’t you? I’m older than you, and even if I’m tired, I’m more tired than you, so why are you like this?" I did that kind of thing here. That’s why America is clear. Everywhere is clear. Can you complain when you see this? You cannot complain. 

Until 1979, there were all kinds of complaints, but in the 1980s, we should not complain. Even if our mouths are torn. (Laughter) Even if our noses get turned upside down, do not complain. We must save America from now on. Do you like that? "Yes." Those who don’t like it should be beaten to death by the American people. Is America decaying and all this happening while we are supposed to sleep comfortably and rest? 

Cut off worldly attachments and spend the Christmas season quietly. When we see that, compared to the world, our position is incomparable, so be proud to be a Moonie. In 1980, we must not fail to be proud of being a Moonie. Recently, someone wore a tank top that said, "I am pride of Moonie." That’s how it should be. (Applause) 

Why is the word Moonie scary? Because being a Moonie is something to be proud of. That Moonie becomes a Sunie, and a Kingie. I taught all that. You must go through the rebirth stage to reach the growth stage, and you must go through the growth stage to reach the completion stage. I have been to prison and done all sorts of things, but I never feel ashamed. I am proud. I am proud! What are you ashamed of? What is there to be ashamed of? Did you steal? Did you abduct someone else's wife? What is there to be ashamed of? From next year, those who do not boast of being a Moonie will not be left alone. So, if you have a complaining heart, say "Moonie, Moonie" and be proud. Then all complaints will disappear. 

Now, when we compare this, how much better are we? Look at the world. Since I was born, I have been a changed fruit of the enemy. That feels bad. Even when looking at animals, they all have no thoughts. Even when going home, it’s all a continuation of animalistic behavior, and when looking at society, it all looks like an animal society, and ideals and everything are like this. All of this will collapse, and how frustrating is that? How frustrating is that? 

When you go to school and study, what do you do it for? Do you do it for bread? Do you know what happens to humans after they live and die? Oh, it’s frustrating. When I see that, I don’t want to live; I’d rather just die. I cannot trust my mom and dad, I cannot trust my sons and daughters, I cannot trust my siblings, I cannot trust my friends, I cannot trust my country, I cannot trust my teachers; I cannot trust anyone. In that world, is there any ideal or happiness? What do you do with money, and what do you do with power? Do you still miss that world? "No." Just thinking about it makes me sick. 

Even if I am cursed, I like this place. Even if I can’t sleep and suffer, I like this place. Think about it. It cannot be compared, it cannot be compared. Even if you give me ten million, I don’t need any of it. Do you understand that, everyone? "Yes." So, do you want to have attachments to the world or not? "I won’t." 

On Christmas Day, in the world… amidst the disbelief of parents, amidst the trends of this society, saying Merry Christmas, wearing nice clothes, eating something, and laughing, those who stand on the cold front lines with frozen feet, standing on frozen snow, dedicating themselves to fundraising for others are the truly great ones. That’s how I think. 

Someone saying "Merry Christmas" to me is less meaningful than someone cursing and saying that Moonies are fundraising even on Christmas… I have walked that path. I have walked that path. "You all go play, you all go rest, go eat and dance, I will go." That’s my principle. So, has Reverend Moon collapsed now? "No." So, my life is proof, my thoughts are proof. 

If I die, I know that all of you, white and black, will come to my grave and shed tears. Why? For what reason? For humanity, for God… Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Be proud of that. Do you want to? "Yes." 

Who wants to spend this complicated Christmas season without being swayed, with the authority of God’s proud sons and daughters? Raise your hands. God bless you! (Applause) 

Christmas as Seen by Jesus 
Hello everyone! Merry Christmas! (Cheers, applause) 

The Meaning of Celebrating Christmas 
In just a few days, the year 1979 will pass. The passing of a year means that you all grow a year older, and it also means getting closer to the spiritual world. Some might say, "Oh, I don’t like the spiritual world!" but humans must go to the spiritual world anyway. 

Today is Christmas, a day celebrated worldwide. What is the meaning of our celebration of Christmas? It is not for America. It is not for the world. It is for Jesus. 

Now, when we look at this, what kind of Christmas would Jesus desire? This is always the question. Who sent Jesus? God sent him. Therefore, when God allowed Jesus to be born on this earth, how did the Jewish nation, which was under Roman colonization, wish to celebrate Christmas for Jesus? There must have been something like that. 

When Jesus was born, who would be the true celebrants of Christmas? It wasn’t even Jesus himself. Those on God’s side who sent Jesus would have celebrated his birth more than anyone else. Then, as God celebrated, the high spirits in the spiritual world or the central angels of the angelic world would have all participated in the celebration. If there were any people on earth who truly celebrated the day Jesus was born, it would have been just the three wise men from the East or a few others. When we think about it this way, even though the spiritual world centered on God must have had a grand celebration, the celebration on earth must have been extremely shabby and miserable. 

Jesus, who should have been born amidst the welcome of the world as the King of Kings 
Today, Christians think of Jesus being born in a manger as something to be proud of, but is being born in a manger something to boast about, or is it a shameful event? Would God have wanted that? Would Mary, Jesus’ mother, have wanted that? Would she have thought, "The baby I am giving birth to will be the Messiah and will be born as the King of Kings, so it must be this way"? The more one knows, the more one would feel regretful and sorry before God, wouldn’t they? Mary must have thought of a grand Jewish synagogue, the high priest, and the royal palace that governs the nation. She must have thought of something beyond that. 

In a palace that cannot be compared to anything in the world, with splendid preparations and filled with the fragrance of perfume, waiting for the time of birth amidst the world’s welcome, wouldn’t she have hoped for a joyful shout to resonate throughout the world, welcoming in harmony with God? 

Moreover, when Mary was pregnant and Jesus was growing in her womb for ten months, if the nation had known, if the people of the world had known, if all the prophets had known, if the Jewish law scholars had known that the Messiah would be born through Mary’s womb, how much would the Jewish priests have respected Mary? Would they not have worshiped the baby in her womb? Wouldn’t that have happened? 

If that were the case, wherever Mary went, the Jewish priests would have followed her, and all the people of the nation would have followed her. They would have recorded everything, even when it was mealtime, and when she went to rest, they would have recorded that too. They would have recorded how many times she went to the restroom, and what she ate. 

If that had happened, from the womb, who would serve well? If there are twelve tribes, which tribe would serve her best? There would have been competition. If there were an environment like that, would Mary have ever thought that she could give birth in a manger? "No." The day Jesus was born would have been a great commotion in the Jewish nation, with drums and bells ringing. 

Everyone, would that event be a bigger event than the event in Philadelphia when the bell rang for American independence, or a lesser event? "A big event." Even if the bell was small and held in hand, it would have become one of the greatest treasures in the world. After Jesus was born, there would have been records of everyone wanting to offer gifts, with tribes competing to be the first to come and offer good gifts. Would Jesus have been sad about that, or happy? What would Jesus have thought? (Laughter) 

Then, how long did God prepare for Jesus to be sent? He prepared for 4,000 years through the Israelite people and the prophets. That is biblical history. For 4,000 years, Judaism waited and prepared for the Messiah, and when the Messiah came, the conclusion that they could treat him that way is a very ironic event in history. 

If Jesus had been born in glory, as God had prepared for 4,000 years, and had been born amidst the celebration and worship of all people, what would have happened to Jesus’ life? Think about it. What would have happened? If Jesus had been born as a prince of God in glory, and if the Jewish people had united to treat him better than the Roman emperor amidst the Roman persecution, wouldn’t they have done that? 

If that had happened, when Jesus was born, the king would have wanted to hold him before Mary could, and the priest would have wanted to hold him right after he was born. 

Judaism should have celebrated Jesus’ birth. 
If the Messiah truly grew up like that, all the priests and the heads of the tribes would have gathered and would not have left their posts for even a moment until Jesus grew up to be able to fulfill the mission of the Messiah. Wouldn’t that have happened? "Yes." 

And when Jesus turned one year old, two years old, they would have started talking…
When you turn three, you start to understand. By then, what would you have taught me? Would you have said, "You are young, but you are the king of our country, the king of kings in the world," or not? Who are you, and if you taught me that I was born as a prince of heaven to become the king of all kings on this earth, would I have understood that or not? "I understood." If that were the case, what would have happened? Then, would the entire Judaism and the whole Jewish nation have celebrated the birth of Jesus, Christmas? "They would have." If they celebrated, then looking at the relationship between the Jewish nation and Rome, it would be a relationship of ruling and ruled, a relationship of oppressor and oppressed. Because of the event of celebrating the birth of Jesus, the Messiah, there would have been a significant incident between the Roman Empire and Israel. If he was born as the king of Israel, as the king of kings, then undoubtedly, the Roman Empire would have oppressed Israel and made it a major issue.

Now, by celebrating Christmas, a political event would have unfolded, and Rome would have oppressed Israel, and the oppressed Jewish nation would have united around Jesus. The Roman soldiers would have surrounded the Jewish people and their celebration centered around Jesus, brandishing their spears. Have you seen the demonstrations in Iran, where they say, "What about Carter and so on?" "Yes." Why did that become a problem? If it became a problem, what would have happened? The more they oppressed the Jewish nation, the more the surrounding Arab nations would have united, saying, "Oh, Israel, do well! Israel, do well!" Wouldn't they have? The Arab nations are also descendants of Abraham. Therefore, if Rome saw the strong oppression of Israel, the surrounding countries would all dislike Rome. They would say, "Get lost, you Roman scum! Get lost!" This would have spread, and looking towards Asia, countries like China and India would have also disliked Rome. As a prince of the West, because of invading and influencing Asia, wouldn't the great nations of Asia have said, "Do well, do well! Arab nations, do well"? Even out of hatred for Rome, they would have said, "We celebrate Merry Christmas! We will celebrate this joyful Christmas!" (Laughter)

By the time Jesus turned 30, it would have become a global event, isolating Rome, while the whole world said, "Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas!" If that were the case, the military leaders and scholars of that nation would have studied, "Did those who celebrated Merry Christmas and demonstrated do so for no reason? Who was Jesus that caused such an event?" They would have researched historically the Old and New Testaments and how Rome came to dislike him. Thus, they would have studied and realized, "Oh! This person is the Son of God."

If that had happened, the world would have inevitably divided. The Roman faction and the world faction, and Rome would be the only one left. In such a situation, if Rome mobilized its troops for a full-scale attack, would the world have remained still? This statement is made because of Reverend Moon. (Laughter, applause)

Today, if you are to celebrate Christmas, remember that today is the day we celebrate the birth of Jesus, and we must think about Jesus' position. Also, since Jesus came as the Son of God, it is impossible to celebrate without considering the position of the God who sent him. This is undoubtedly true.

We must celebrate Christmas while considering the positions of God and Jesus. Now, look. Would Jesus himself have thought, "I am the king of kings, and since I came as the Son of God, I will enjoy it all by myself. I will live as a single man and become the king of kings, and I will unite the world"? Or would he have thought, "Oh, I also want to have a partner, to have children, to experience being a father, to become a grandfather, and then to become a father-in-law, and then to be the king of kings"? Would he have thought, "If there is a better position than what anyone else has, I should have the best position"? Would he have thought that way? No, he wouldn't have. Jesus is not someone who thinks like that; he is not human. "No." What do you mean by "no"? You say "no" because you are foolish. You are not true Christians. That's why your answer is "no," because you are foolish. (Applause, cheers)

When we look at it this way, there are those who celebrate Christmas saying that Jesus came to die, and there are those who celebrate Christmas saying that he came to fulfill his purpose in glory without dying. There are two factions. Then, when Jesus, who came as the Messiah, thinks about where to go, where would he go? "God! Jesus! Where will you go on this festive day?" What would he say? "The first." "The second." (Laughter, applause)

Today, among those who are here, raise your hand if this is your first time seeing the teacher. Hmm, not many. Even theoretically… What does theoretical mean? It means that things must match up and the process must be correct. Why is Christianity today declining like this, and why does it have nowhere to go, causing such chaos? Christianity has fallen to the ground. This is a matter of cause and effect.

Look. Jesus wanted to establish one nation in the world, but within that nation, there are hundreds of denominations. Does that make sense? No matter how much you talk about it theoretically, it cannot be resolved. However, when you listen to Reverend Moon's words, you realize that this is how it was, and because it did not happen this way, this is the result, and thus it must go this way; this resonates with theory.

Everyone, how do loyal subjects and traitors differ? The king of a nation serves each other. To serve the king is the same for everyone. The argument is the same. What is a loyal subject? It is someone who follows the king's opinion and remains loyal. What is a treacherous subject? It is someone who follows their own opinion instead of the king's opinion and claims loyalty. A treacherous subject is someone who says, "I will lead the king." Therefore, those who create numerous denominations today and assert their own denominations are treacherous subjects. When they say, "God's will is this, and the king's will, Jesus' will is this, so sacrifice your denomination and follow my will," those who say, "Oh, that cannot be," are the treacherous subjects. What do you call those who say, "That cannot be"? "Treacherous subjects." They may seem the same, but you must understand that they are traitors.

The Unification Church's stance is that "for the sake of God's will, we can remove the denomination's sign, and there is no distinction of sons and daughters, tribes, nations, or countries." This is the path of loyal subjects, yet the traitors say that we are the world's traitors. Ultimately, Reverend Moon and the foolish faction may be criticized, but this is orthodox within God's will. (Applause)

All Christians must wash away their past misconceptions and learn with a new perspective. This is Reverend Moon's assertion, and it is the assertion of Jesus and God, and it is what the spirit world advocates. Do you think so? "Yes." Get your mind straight. Reverend Moon is a fraud. You may not even realize he is a fraud. "No." Maybe he is. Anyway, I do not know how it will turn out, but whatever it is, the theory is correct. (Applause)

If that happens, and the world unites, even if Jesus says, "I will not be a king," if he is taken and placed in the position of king, the king of kings, would he run away or would he sit down? "He would sit down." (Applause) Then, from God's perspective, would He say, "Hey, Jesus! Don't sit there, it will be a disaster," or would God laugh and say, "Hehehe"? (Laughter)

What is Christianity today? What kind of nation is a so-called Christian nation? Today, there are communist parties that ruin the world, there are corrupt factions that ruin the world, there are mafia groups that ruin the world, and there are all sorts of vile factions that ruin the world, yet we just leave them alone?

Why do we need Jesus? We must understand that we are people of the fallen world, living within the realm of fallen love. The reason we need the Messiah is simple. We need the original true love, God's love. We must understand that. The life Jesus lived is a life lived within God's love. That is the difference. Do you understand? We need Jesus to learn about his way of life. Why? To inherit the tradition of love that he possesses. That's it. Therefore, we must do as Jesus says, and align everything with what Jesus loves… Do you understand? "Yes." Do you think so? "Yes."

Then, we must establish the true tradition of love in the kingdom of heaven. But if Jesus only establishes the tradition of love through his single life, is that all okay? "No." Personally, while we must inherit the tradition of living in God's love as a man, we must also recognize that there is a tradition of being a husband and leading a wife in love. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Jesus must establish the order of love and the content of the tradition, saying that a husband should love his wife and guide her in this way. Is there anything like that in the Bible? "No." Have you ever heard how Jesus loved his wife? "No." So, if Jesus had such thoughts, would God cut off his head and punish him? "No."

Look. There is no tradition of Jesus' love towards a wife in Christianity. Therefore, in that love, he should have taught the wife how to love the husband, establishing the order and principles of love, but he failed to establish that. Is that tradition in Christianity? "No." It does not exist. Furthermore, is there a tradition where Jesus, as a parent, says, "Parents should love their children within God's love in this way"? "No." Is there a tradition where Jesus, as a grandfather, says, "As a grandfather, I should love my grandchildren in this way"? "No."

Moreover, is there a tradition where Jesus, as a clan leader, says, "Our clan should inherit the tradition of love from the clan leader and live by this tradition of love even if we spread out into the world"? "No." Next, is there a tradition where, centered on a nation, a ruler says, "The citizens of the nation should be loved and live in this way"? "No." Furthermore, is there a tradition where, as the king of kings, he establishes a brotherhood that transcends all races, saying, "With God's love, all people should live in this way"? There is no such tradition. Also, is there a tradition that unifies the spiritual and physical worlds, liberating even hell, to fulfill God's original purpose of love? There is none.

What is the foundation of the tradition that Jesus, as the Messiah, established centered on God in this world? Is it in the church, in the family, in the nation, or in the world? It has not even been established personally. What kind of love can be achieved in dying? We must establish such a tradition, such a tradition of love. When we consider the ideal of perfect love that the Messiah must establish, we must recognize that Jesus died without being able to stretch out his legs in this world. Given this position, he cannot come again. He cannot come again.

What is God's love? Today, what is God's love in the eyes of Christianity? In this desolate world, Reverend Moon comes and teaches that the order of love should be like this, which is an astonishing fact. Therefore, we must understand what God's love is, that God's heart must be like this.

Reverend Moon understood what God's and the Messiah's wishes are. What is that wish? It is to establish the order of love. Therefore, even though all people in the world are making a fuss celebrating Christmas, when we understand God's will and Jesus' will, and when we celebrate this day while emphasizing the tradition of love, in this world overflowing with sorrow and pain… We must recognize that those who are causing this chaos are indeed the traitors of God. You don't want to hear such words, do you? Even if you don't want to hear it, it cannot be helped.

Everyone, what do they call Christmas these days? They call it X-mas, right? Let's add one more S to it. What does this mean? What is mass? This is different from that. Also, what is X? It means that the cross has been turned upside down, which is bad. (While writing) It has all been broken. This is all a wrong event. If I say this, you will think it is bad. The established church will also say, "Oh, that Reverend Moon, the leader of the heretics, is ruining the church tradition, God's will, and Jesus."

Now, if God were to listen, whose words would He heed? "Inside." What is inside? You are brainwashed, that's why. "No." What do you mean by "no"? The whole world says so. How simple is it to say "yes" and "no"? But can you break through this fact? "Yes." I don't know. You are so sure, but I cannot believe it. (Laughter)

Why have we gathered today? What should we do? We should center on the tradition of love, unite the world, and become one family of God's sons and daughters, shouting in one purpose. To do this, we must transcend borders and nations. We must take pride in the tradition of love. However, if we are sitting here saying "Merry Christmas," and if Jesus hears that… But it turns out that Jesus was indeed a very miserable and pitiful Jesus. If he had a wish while on this earth, it was to establish the tradition of God's love and love humanity. However, because he could not establish that, I must take his place. I must live in the position of establishing the tradition of personal love, familial love, tribal love, national love, and global love, including the spiritual world. I must look through the lens of Jesus' tradition of love. 

"I love you and I love God, so I will convey your tradition of love to this world, and I will fulfill the tradition of love that you wanted to establish at that time." If there are younger people, I will think of them as Jesus' younger siblings, and...
Again, think of Jesus' brother, Jesus' sister, Jesus' father, Jesus' grandfather, Jesus' relatives, Jesus' country, and the world in which they lived at that time, and think, "I will practice all the love that Jesus could not." 

If there is a pretty girl, think of her as Jesus' sister. Most people, when they see a beautiful woman, think of taking advantage of her, wanting to make her their wife, and using her. However, we must be able to think of even the ugliest woman, one we wouldn't even want to see in our dreams, as Jesus' sister and love her. 

It's simple. When you consider the people of the world, there are those who are my siblings, those who are my brothers, those who are my sisters, and then there are my father, mother, uncle, grandfather, relatives, and nation... So when you see a grandfather, do you think of him as your grandfather? Do you think of him as the grandfather who should have received Jesus' love? You should think of him as Jesus' grandfather, Jesus' grandfather. So, if there are people who can say, "I will at least try to embody and imitate what you could not love," then in the eyes of Jesus looking at that group, tears will fill His eyes. 

Yet, you have been labeled as heretics and rejected. But would God just stand by? He mobilizes the spirit world to strike the established churches and support the Unification Church. While the world is collapsing, the Unification Church continues to develop, and the established churches that say they will prosper are continually falling apart. 

We should celebrate Christmas with the achievements of establishing a tradition of love. What you call hope exists because there is something. The eternal God is the ideal center, and within the love realm of this ideal center, you cannot escape; you cannot avoid it, so everyone is drawn to it. God Himself cannot escape because He is in love. 

Now, I remain here, and God remains here, so what will we do? What will we do by remaining in love? Will we turn our love into enmity, or will we like it? Will we fight? "No." What will we do? "Living each other." 

Will we stick together while living each other? Think about it. "God! I can't go. I can't go. I can't go." Then God would say, "Oh, you little rascal, I'm falling!" Would He say, "Oh, good, oh, good"? So, Reverend Moon is living like this. 

We celebrate Christmas, where the Messiah came down from heaven with the principles of love and established the laws of love of the heavenly kingdom centered on the nation of Israel and Judaism, in individuals and families, so that all people can go. However, when Jesus died, the way to come down from heaven and return to heaven was completely blocked and cut off. Therefore, when I say, "To build a bridge, to resolve the grievances that Jesus could not resolve, and for the liberation of Christians, I celebrate Christmas with the thought of establishing such a tradition of love," God, Jesus, and all spirits in the spirit world will say "Merry Christmas" a thousand, ten thousand times. 

How old are you? You are all over 20 years old. So, you have spent over 20 Christmases, but what significance do they have? As you celebrate this year's Christmas after last year's, reflect, analyze, and repent for not fulfilling your mission this past year, and strive to welcome a new and hopeful Christmas for the new year. If you can have a stimulating Christmas that allows you to do this, how good will this world become? 

How much love have you shown with Jesus' love in place? You must understand that the movement to globalize the love that Jesus could have for families is the movement of true Christians. That is the true Christian movement. But is there such a Christianity in the world today? "No." Therefore, today God is calling us through these things... We must understand that we have received the mission to re-establish that tradition. Because this love is absolute, for the sake of this tradition of love, I must burn with the conviction that I will do several times more than those who earn money in the world, several times more than those who love their country, several times more than those who study, and several times more than anyone doing anything, even more than communists. Why? Because love is the most precious thing. We must leave a tradition that cannot be opposed by anything because we cannot violate the tradition of love forever. 

When have you ever thought like that? Thinking and acting however you want, your body is not just your body. This body is the embodiment of love. When you think that way, your eyes are the eyes of love. You must understand that they are the eyes of love. Therefore, as you celebrate Christmas every year, how much are you living with the love of Jesus in place? 

What is today's title? "Christmas as Seen by Jesus," "Christmas as Seen by God." Therefore, those who celebrate Christmas centered on the tradition of love will become people who please God. That is why even if a few people gather and shed tears, or if it is a humble gathering, God will be pleased. 

This year, without knowing much, you heard the teacher's words and turned Christmas into a "Oh dear, oh dear" worrying Christmas, but next year, if you celebrate Christmas with the achievements of establishing a higher level of love tradition, then you will truly become the owners who keep Christmas. With what? Eating well and living well, or loving well even while being scolded? "Loving well even while being scolded." Loving well, loving well, and coming. If you come on Christmas Eve with just a cup of water and say, "God! Jesus! Merry Christmas!" then heaven and earth... I think the God and Jesus Christ I know like that kind of Christmas. 

Now, we welcomed it like this, but next year, do you want to establish a tradition of love that excites you? "Yes." That is the real Christmas gift. So, will you do it or not? "We will." May God's and Jesus' blessings be with you! 

**The Abel Seen Through Providence**  
The 1970s, which had many hardships in the Unification Church, are now about to pass with just two days left. I hope the 1980s will be a year of hope and promise. So, the title of what I want to say to you today is "Abels Seen Through Providence." Do you understand what that means? "Yes." 

Abel must victoriously go through the eras of restoration, growth, and completion. The biggest issue in our Unification Church is the Cain and Abel issue. This always becomes a problem. Some people think, "The one who came first is Abel." Such thinking is incorrect. It is a misunderstanding. Why? Because the providential process has the eras of restoration, growth, and completion. That is the principle. 

Even in the era of the Unification Church, it develops through the restoration era, growth era, and completion era. Abel must go through the restoration era victoriously, the growth era victoriously, and the completion era victoriously. We must clearly understand that this responsibility lies with Abel. One must have such evidence, such evidence. 

Then why must Abel go through the restoration, growth, and completion eras? Ultimately, it is because of the fall. If there had been no fall, that position would have already transitioned into the growth era, and when Adam and Eve reached the age of 21, everything would have passed. From here, the restoration of the heavenly world would be achieved. And from here, we enter the era of families, centered on families, developing into tribal family eras, national family eras, and so on. This is restoration, growth, and completion. 

**Traditional Central Thought**  
So, when do we inherit such traditions? From the family base, from the tribe base, the tradition must be established. What does that mean? It means it is a word condensed around the grandfather's era, the father's era, and the grandson's era. That family becomes a central family while also becoming a tribal base, developing horizontally. 

If the family and tribe expand, all siblings will spread out in all directions, and this will become a club, a national base. Then it will spread out into the world. If that had happened, the world of Adam's culture would have emerged, and the traditional historical era of God would have been established, the world of Adam's culture. Thus, two worlds, the world of culture and the historical era, would be formed. 

What is culture made of? It is made of our lives. How is history formed? It is formed through tradition. We must understand this clearly. Therefore, life and tradition are absolutely necessary. More than anything else, it is crucial what kind of tradition we inherit. Do you understand that clearly? "Yes." Life culture and traditional history are the same for Adam thousands of years ago and for descendants thousands of years later. 

So, what is the traditional central thought? It is the love of the heavenly kingdom that embodies God's heart. That is the marrow of this traditional history. Therefore, when we pull out the providential history, what comes out is tradition, and the background of life culture comes out. However, what is the center? It is the issue of heart, the issue of heart. This connects from the center of the heart on earth to eternity in the spirit world. This form is also connected in the spirit world. However, it is not achieved there; it is all achieved here, and this is doubled and transferred like this. 

Then, in this era, it develops into the era of spiritual forms, the era of life forms, and then the era of spiritual life forms. Spiritual forms, life forms, spiritual life forms, these are what our principles teach. If it had been like this, there would have been no fall. 

However, because of the fall, we have come here. We have fallen into the realm of non-principle. God, Adam, Eve, this becomes one world. Because we fell from this position, we fell here. 

**The Culture and Tradition Most Inherited from the Fall: America**  
The reason Eve fell was, first, disbelief. The second was the issue of love, the issue of heart. She could not reach the heart. It is a lack of heart, a lack of love. The third was that it was not heaven. It is a world without heaven. 

Therefore, Eve is a person of disbelief, a person without heart, a person without heaven. When it comes to women, they are things that cannot be trusted, there is no love, and there is no love that can unite the heart with heaven; there is no ideal, only reality. It is self-centered. 

So she says, "Before you believe in God, believe in me." She wants you to believe in her. "Before you love God, love me. The present is more important than the future heaven." This is because of the fall. Because of the fall, it became like this. Thus, Eve brought Adam down with her. So, the person of disbelief, the person without heart, and the person without heaven cannot go to heaven. This is the fallen world, and because the world has become like this, what kind of world is it? It is a world of disbelief, a world without love, a world without ideals. 

As I mentioned earlier, what culture have we inherited? We have inherited a fallen culture. What tradition have we inherited? We have inherited a tradition of love centered on self. Everything is centered on self. Whether man or woman, they have inherited a tradition of love centered on self. "I am the best. I am the best. God and everything else, I am the best." This is why "I" is written in capital letters in English. 

In the historical end times, the representative inheritance of this is Western civilization, and this conclusion arises. What country is that? It is the representative pragmatic country, America. It is America. What about the future? "I am the best." These pragmatists... Do you think the men in America are right? "Yes." What about the women? "Yes." 

When they fell, what did they sow? They fell through unchaste purity. Because they fell through unchaste purity, the result is the era of ethical collapse, the era of ethical collapse for youth. Just like Adam and Eve fell, the time has come to reap what they have sown, and in America, a stage of reality is unfolding where all the young people are falling under the trees. Isn't that right? Adam and Eve were ashamed and covered themselves, but today's hippies do not even know shame and throw it aside. They do not even know shame. 

So, just as God expelled the fallen Adam and Eve, these groups must be expelled from this earth. Because of this democratic world, it concludes that it is on the path to destruction. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." If this cannot be stopped, this earth will be destroyed. Destruction, self-destruction will occur, and that is the conclusion. 

**The One Who Must Judge the Fallen World**  
Seeing this, we must judge, but who will bear the responsibility of judgment? Who must do it? "The Messiah." No, it must be Abel. The Abel cultural realm must do it. Originally, from Adam and Eve, it became like this, so God must establish a righteous person over the world of disbelief, a righteous person, not a person of disbelief. Then, let us establish a person of heart, and then a person of heaven, an ideal person, and carry out a movement to input this history. 

What kind of person is this? It is not to send a prophet of faith, a prophet of heart, or a prophet of ideals separately, but to send one person. One person must love heaven with one heart and have one faith. This is what the prophets carry as their mission. 

What did these prophets come to do? They did not follow the world; they came to stop people from following the world. They say that no one can go, starting from the nation. They are pushing forward. So everyone is saying, "What is this?" They abandon it, and they face all kinds of persecution, and they are not treated as human beings. Thus, they are the outcasts of the human world... Because the people of the world push them away and run away, the prophets have no choice but to follow, but even in that following, they go with the outcasts of the world, the sick, the wounded, and those who dislike the world. "Why are you like this?" "I am a prophet, and I am like this because I was opposed by them," and they create new connections with those human outcasts.
This is about starting to build new connections with a sincere heart. 

"It’s not just that there are only certain countries, but there are new countries as well. Do not be disheartened. Do not despair," and through the disheartened, new hope is raised. However, while they may listen, the habitual concepts and ingrained customs from the past always exist within those people, leading them to say, "Oh, I don’t like prophets either." It has always been like that. Their heads are one way, and their feet are another... They have gone through such history. After all the capable people have passed and all the incapable people have passed, the sick and the trash ultimately say, "Oh, how wonderful it would be if there were a new world."

What this means is that there are no families with capable mothers and fathers or capable sons and daughters; there are only those who have been torn apart by Satan, those who have been hurt, whether they are fathers, mothers, sons, or daughters. These people refuse this world and wish for a new world, but they hear such words through the prophets, and that is where the connection begins.

What is a prophet, a prophet who bears such responsibility? That is Abel's position. You must understand this. If those prophets come and say, "Oh, you all must serve me!" do you think they would remain? "No." To naturally make the trash believe, to turn the unbelieving into believing people, I must act as a believing person, and to turn the indifferent into heartfelt people, I must inspire them with love. To turn those who are in a world without ideals into people of an ideal kingdom, I must live a life filled with hope and joy even amidst difficulties.

Abel’s position must be determined by Cain.

How many years has it been since you entered the church? "Seven years." If it has been seven years, have you become a person of faith? And then, have you become a person of heart? Have you become a person with ideals of the heavenly kingdom? "Even though you all abandoned it, I can gather these people and fulfill the Father’s will to make you submit." Do you have such confidence? This is about those who are in positions of leadership in the Unification Church. Are you not ashamed of the historical tradition of Abel?

Now, these prophets say, "Oh, when God sends me to the world, I thought the world would welcome me, like a king or a teacher, and praise me, but what is this? I can’t even believe in God; God’s love and everything else is a lie; God’s ideals are all lies." Is that a prophet? "No." 

Then, that is Abel, and Abel must possess the history of the servant among servants to inspire all those who are worse than the poor world of Satan. You must understand this. So, if we talk about the servant of the satanic world and Abel of the heavenly world, who can boast more about their miserable history? Abel can boast more. "Though I have become a miserable person, I have despaired at this level, but you have gone forth with hope and strength even from such a position," "The reason I have endured and come this far is that I have had a faith in righteousness that no one else has, a heart of love that no one else has, and ideals of heaven that no one else has," "For someone like me in the world, the only one who has worked for me, even sacrificing their life and all their love, is you, so I will believe in you more than anyone in the world, more than my nation, more than the world." 

Only then can one say, "I am Abel, and you are Cain." That is when Cain and Abel emerge.

Who is Cain? Cain is the elder brother. By Abel fulfilling his responsibilities, Cain must say, "Ah, you stand behind me; I will fight against everything in the world of Satan." He must stand in front. Only when he can do that does Cain and Abel become established.

Cain must say, "I will dedicate all my possessions and everything I own for your work! I will even sacrifice my own body! I will lead the way!" This is how Cain emerges, the Cain of the heavenly kingdom. That Cain must protect Abel. The failure to protect his younger brother is the fall. The movement of Cain protecting Abel, his younger brother, must unfold.

What is Cain? The Cain of the Garden of Eden killed Abel. Therefore, it must be reversed. This is the principle, but today’s Unification Church members say, "What do I care about disbelief, indifference, or a world without ideals? Since I have been here longer, I am Abel, and you are Cain, so submit." Is there such a law in the world? In a company, if someone doesn’t do their job, doesn’t contribute to the whole, do they just want to take everything for themselves?

Then, from this ideal standard, Cain must think, "You must stand before me just like my elder brother. When entering the heavenly kingdom, I cannot go in first; you must go in first." When entering the heavenly kingdom, it is the younger brother who stands in the elder brother's position before the Father.

Who must decide this? It must not be Abel who decides, but Cain must decide.

Among the leaders of our Unification Church, there are many thieves, many robbers. There are many fraudsters. Raise your hand if you think, "I am Abel" in the Unification Church. (None) Then, raise your hand if you think, "I am Cain in the Unification Church." (Many hands raised) Is there a Cain without a younger brother? (Laughter) If that is the case, then neither is Abel nor Cain. Therefore, determining Cain and Abel means that you must promise each other, "You be my elder brother, and I will be your younger brother." 

The Messiah of Cain is Abel, and the Messiah of Abel is Cain.

So, what is the connection between Abel and Cain? There must be an unmovable center. What is that? It is faith. Faith must not move, and the heart must not move, and the ideal must not move; we must become two beings that cannot move. In terms of ideals, in terms of the ideals of heaven, regardless of what the world says, that world is the final one. The two cannot go elsewhere.

Do you have Abel? Do you have Cain? If you are Abel, do you have Cain? Why is that necessary? Why is that necessary? You might say, "I don’t like Cain and Abel; I want to throw away all that bothersome stuff." Why? Why? If you are Abel, you can just go to the heavenly kingdom alone; why do you need Cain? Why do you need Cain? Don’t throw away all that bothersome stuff. (Laughter) "No." Why is that "no"? Why do you do something bothersome?

When entering the Unification Church, some people say, "Oh, I don’t want to see that. Is that Abel? He’s not as good as me in studies or anything else; he doesn’t look like Abel." You might think that. (Laughter) You must understand that your Messiah, the Messiah of Cain, is Abel, and the Messiah of Abel is Cain. You must understand this. You cannot bypass this.

Now, why must it be this way? This is because Eve has made it this way. What did Eve give birth to here? She gave birth to Cain and Abel. (Laughter) This is the elder brother, and this is the younger brother. (While gesturing) When the fall occurred, who stood first? This one went down first, and Abel followed. It is in a duality. It follows what was mentioned earlier. Therefore, Cain has the inheritance rights of the satanic world. All the inheritance rights of the satanic world belong to Cain because the satanic world is the world of Cain. That is why it became the world of Cain.

Cain must voluntarily transfer the rights of the firstborn to Abel.

Now, if there had been no fall, both the firstborn and the second son would have been on God’s side. You must understand this. In that nation, all inheritance is to be transferred by the firstborn. The principle of God’s law dictates that the one who is born first manages and is responsible for everything of the Father. Even in the fallen world, that principle and law are still carried out.

So, since heaven has made the firstborn into the realm of Satan, how does the second son inherit the rights of the firstborn? How does he subjugate the firstborn and inherit the rights of the firstborn? This is the problem. It is not about fighting and overcoming. In terms of disbelief, in terms of indifference, in terms of ideals, the elder brother must say, "I will go to you, my younger brother," and must follow. Cain must volunteer. 

Thus, by obeying and following Abel, who was killed by Cain in the past, he can be restored. However, if he disobeys, he will die. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

When we look at this, the national Abel is the Messiah, and the national Cain is the Jewish people, the nation of Israel. Therefore, centered on the national Abel, the national Cain must obey Jesus and absolutely submit and follow. "Even if I die, even if our nation dies, Abel, you must remain alive." If that were the case, would Jesus have died? The reason Jesus died on the cross comes from here. Cain must not kill Abel, even if Cain dies. Thus, historically, the Jews have sacrificed for 2,000 years due to this law of indemnity.

The cooperation of mother and son that first achieved the restoration of Cain and Abel was Jacob.

Now, who cooperates in making the younger brother subjugate the elder brother according to God’s will? The mother cooperates. It is the cooperation of mother and son. The mother, Eve, who sowed the seed, gave birth to Cain, and she must reject Cain and unite with Abel to play the role of turning back. This is where the term "cooperation of mother and son" comes from.

At what time, in what historical period, did this change? It was during the time of Jacob and Esau. Esau is the external, and Jacob is the internal. Who is the position of Jacob’s mother, Eve? It is Rebecca. The mother sowed the seed, and because the son bore fruit, here the mother must reap and the son must reap. Therefore, the mother and son must become one.

Now, what happens here? When Eve fell, how did she do it? She deceived Adam. She deceived the father and son. She deceived the father and son. She lied to the father and fell. Because Eve deceived the father and son when she fell, even if she did such things, it does not fall under the law of indemnity. That is why Cain became the firstborn.

What did Jacob do? He played tricks to deceive the father and son, Isaac and Esau. Is there a law that God recognizes for deceiving the world and taking it? Is that what the Bible is? It’s a mess. Therefore, it is called the Bible. He changes the blessings and takes them. When the second son asks for blessings, does he give them?

Also, to buy the rights of the firstborn, Jacob, being clever, said, "Oh, brother, if you are hungry, I will give you porridge and bread, so sell me your birthright." That brother is not just giving the birthright. It means, "You go to heaven; heaven must be yours; I don’t care if I perish." That means he doesn’t want heaven or anything else, not even God. (Laughter) Therefore, even if Eve does such things, it does not fall under legal conditions. They are told to do what they promised. It doesn’t fall under it. Because he sold it, it is true that he sold the birthright. It is obvious that he will not hand over the birthright to Jacob, so he has no choice but to do it according to the promise. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

And then Jacob said, "Mom, you must bless me because my brother sold me the birthright," and he whispered. Who whispered? It was not Rebecca, who is like Eve; it was Jacob, who is like Abel. So Jacob received the blessing. Later, Isaac told Esau, who is like Cain, "There is nothing to bless you with," and Esau tried to kill Jacob. He was about to kill him. He was going to kill him, but... What does it mean that he was going to kill him? Jacob felt that coming into his house, like Abel, was to take away his blessings. Do you understand? What I mean is exactly that. When the Unification Church enters a neighborhood, the people of that neighborhood feel that they are coming to completely seize the blessings of that neighborhood, the blessings of Cain.

So, after seven years, he sent someone to kill him and carried out all sorts of schemes. Jacob left home and suffered for 21 years. He could not say to his parents and relatives, "I have received the blessings of the heavenly kingdom; believe in me." He could not say that until he subdued Esau. You must clearly understand this.

When Abel returns to the family to receive the position of the firstborn and to receive God’s blessings, who must recognize it? "You have taken the birthright in my place, so you must receive the heavenly blessings." Who must sign this? It must be Cain who signs it. Cain must understand this. Without Cain’s signature, without Cain’s recognition, it cannot happen. Without Esau’s recognition, Jacob cannot receive the blessing.

What did Jacob do for 21 years? He made his own side. He built a tribe... If he does not do this, it cannot work. He must build a foundation that is superior to Cain in every aspect and digest Cain. He must carry out such a movement. Only then will God bless him. Just as He blessed Israel, He continues to bless him. Therefore, he has more money, more sheep, and has more in every aspect than Cain. He sent things to his mother, sent things to his father, and continued to do so. He sent things to his elder brother repeatedly. Do you understand what I mean?

So, Cain thought, "My younger brother is scary; God has truly blessed my younger brother; it was wrong for me to sell the birthright. Yes, it was my mistake, so even if I am worse than my younger brother, that’s fine. Now that my younger brother is coming, I cannot oppose him. I must welcome him." He realized that God is with Abel.

So, when Jacob returned after 21 years, he set before him his best things, the best servant, and the best gifts, saying, "I present all of this before you." He gave everything. "I give everything, but just leave the birthright alone. Please do not try to kill me; love me. Kiss me." What this means is that he became a gift that could be envied in the world of Satan. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." This is the path of tradition that must be followed. It is the path of tradition. This kind of principle applies in any era. This principle applies in any era. 

The nation of Israel had to establish a national foundation united with Egypt, the nation of the firstborn.
Earlier, I mentioned that we need to establish a tradition of building a foundation based on family and tribe before moving on to a foundation based on nation and the world. So, what about Jacob? He is the tribe of Israel. There must be a nation and a people. This is the traditional foundation until the nation is organized around the tribe of Israel. Therefore, the ethnic foundation... In other words, the tribe of Israel must undergo a great migration to Egypt. It must happen. Why? Because Jacob established the family foundation amidst opposition. Ultimately, they had to enter Egypt, into a foreign land, and endure suffering. This is the great migration of the people. Here, the movement towards Egypt is taking place to establish the ethnic foundation, from the clan to the ethnic foundation.

So, what is this land of Egypt? It is the land of the firstborn, the land of the firstborn. Its culture is the culture of the firstborn Satan. The land of Egypt is the culture of the firstborn, while the nation of Israel is the culture of the secondborn. Egypt represents the culture of Cain's right, and the nation of Israel represents the culture of Abel's right. Do you understand?

After the family, we must endure suffering as a nation and establish a national foundation. Thus, for 400 years, they were enslaved. Even amidst persecution and death, the nation of Israel had to become a model of love, loyalty, and a heart that loves heaven. Then, heaven would bless them.

Among the lowest class of people in Egypt, those who were poor and downtrodden liked the nation of Israel, but the higher the class, the more they opposed them. It is the same principle. The class, you see, is centered around the heavenly right of victory, and the nation of Israel stands in the Abel position, so the lowest of the Egyptians liked the nation of Israel. However, the upper-class people all said, "What are you doing?" And so, they grew larger and larger. The Egyptians were absorbed. As this happened, the royal authority was in turmoil. They said, "The whole nation is being consumed by Israel." They realized that they were coming to take away the inheritance of the firstborn. This is the official statement: they are taking away the inheritance of the firstborn!

Thus, the history of Abel's death is mirrored in the national standard. Therefore, we had to endure seeing personal sacrifices. We had to endure family sacrifices and national sacrifices. We had to endure for 400 years. They were enemies, enemies. The teaching of Jesus to "love your enemies" comes from here. Christians do not understand this. They do not know how Jesus said to love enemies or on what basis he did so. The reason comes from here. Do you understand what I mean?

Jacob also loved his enemy Esau because he was his brother. Loving that brother is loving God. It is the same as loving a father and loving parents. Therefore, to love God, you love your brother. What is your brother? If I am in the position of Abel, he is Cain, and if I am in the position of Jacob, he is Esau. If brothers cannot become one, God's will cannot be fulfilled, and the family cannot be restored. The law cannot be established.

Did it happen or not? Did the situation of Cain and Abel unfold on a national level in Egypt, with the Egyptian nation and the nation of Israel confronting each other? "Yes, it did." That situation has no limits. After the nation of Israel endured all the suffering and entered the welfare of Canaan, what were they waiting for? They were waiting for the Messiah to come. However, when they returned, what happened? They entered into the greater Cain, the Roman Empire. It was not a national authority but a global authority. If Cain had subdued Egypt and united with it, the Roman Empire would not have been a problem.

Thus, they entered into the greater Roman Empire and faced persecution. The Jewish nation opposed, so Christianity entered into Rome. The ideologies are completely different. The ideology centered on God is different from Roman ideology. It is different from human-centered ideology. And so, when they returned to Canaan, the nation of Israel gave birth to all intelligent people, and since God blessed them, they continued to prosper. This was terrifying for Rome. It was frightening.

Next, what was their ideology? They were waiting for the Messiah. Messiah! Messiah! Messiah! Our king is not the Roman emperor but the emperor sent by heaven. Therefore, the Roman army... But here, too, everyone was sacrificing, and those within the Roman Empire began to like the nation of Israel. Thus, the situation gradually expanded. It grew larger and larger.

If the Messiah had come and united completely, if Jesus, the Messiah, had completely united with the nation of Israel and Judaism, what would have happened? All the surrounding Canaanite tribes would have united. The twelve tribes would have completely united, and the twelve tribes' authority would have completely united with the Arab authority. Then, how would that all have connected? It would have connected with India and reached out to Syria, now Iran, and all the way to China.

Why? Because the surrounding nations dislike the Roman Empire. They want to unite globally, so if this happens within the Arab world... India and China would say, "Well done, well done." It would have been destined to happen.

As the Roman Empire became more politically powerful, Jesus would have fled through the Middle East, through India, and arrived in China. China and India are within the religious realm. Rome is purely within the human-centered realm, while this side is within the God-centered realm. Then, this is how it would have unfolded. (While writing on the board)

So, where would Christianity have gone? It would have absolutely not gone to Rome but would have come to China. It would have gone to the East. It would have become an Eastern religion. However, because they opposed it, where did it go? The Christians were chased out. They were driven out of that country and went to Rome, entering into a greater enemy's land and having to endure even greater tribulations. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." It went to the West through Rome.

According to God's original plan, Christianity should have come to the East. If that had happened, Christianity would have been blocked by the Arab world and the nation of Israel opposing it. Also, because it was directly under the Roman Empire, it had to overcome the Roman Empire and fight. It had to fight and win against the Cain of the world. Thus, they all endured humiliation, becoming people of loyalty, people of heart, and people of ideals, rising from the lower classes, entering the catacombs, and coming up from the very bottom. They assimilated the Roman Empire. Finally, when the Roman Empire welcomed Christianity, the entire world came under Roman rule.

This is what Jesus should have accomplished without dying, but he died to accomplish it. If Jesus had not died, the world would have been unified, but because he died, he entered into the spiritual Christian cultural realm. This is the Middle Ages, the era when the Pope ruled the entire world centered around Rome. If Cain's king and Abel's king had united, the world would have all been on heaven's side...

The Christianity that went to the West must return to the East. The people must understand this, whether they want to or not. When Jesus says to the king, "King, you must listen to me," if the king replies, "Yes, I will absolutely obey," then it would be over. Originally, Jesus should have accomplished that work in China without dying, but because he could not do it in China, he died and went to the West. Now, where is it going? This Christianity is returning from the Western religion.

It will return through Rome, through England, and then through the American continent, but where must it return? It must return toward China, all of it. It must return to the past. It must return to Asia. The culture must also return. It is going backward.

In this process, it has become a material church from a spiritual church, a material church. (While writing on the board) Thus, Western civilization has become external, and Christianity... This is strange. The center of spiritual culture is Christianity, so why has it become a practical, materialistic Christianity? How do we resolve this? Historians do not know this.

Now, Christianity should lead the materialistic America, but this materialistic America has led Christianity. It has become reversed. Therefore, this must be turned around. Satan is the enemy. The enemy Satan is destroying Christianity, and Satan is destroying families and ethics. He is corrupting Christian ethics. Thus, the second generation youth must turn to God, but Satan is corrupting them from behind. They drink, dance, and engage in disco, leading them all to corruption.

"Where is the nation, where is the world? What need is there for Christianity or religion?" They all deny it. It is all denial. They deny parents, deny siblings, deny families, deny nations, deny religions, deny everything. They deny the world and deny God. They think it is all okay as long as they are united. They think, "No matter what, I must live well, using my country, using the world, using God, using religion, as long as my belly is full."

Satan says, "Young people should not just love American girls; they should also love Chinese girls, black girls, and indulge with people from more than ten countries." This is Satan's wish. Above the age of twelve... Satan does this well. As for women, they say, "Let’s give birth to black and white children, and let’s see what happens," and after giving birth, they say, "I take no responsibility." These scoundrels, these bastards. They say, "I will love anyone who is good, from three countries: black, white, and yellow." This is Satan's boast.

In America, if you don't have someone to date, a girlfriend, or a boyfriend, you are considered a loser, a dropout, and worthless. They flaunt their breasts, meeting more than twelve men in one night, these scoundrels. (The interpreter does not translate the word "breasts.") I said to use the word "breasts." (Laughter) Why are you laughing? You all do it, you scoundrels. You walk around holding your breasts, right? Where should we go tonight, east or west, right? These scoundrels. The problem is with women, with women. These women are the problem, even more than men. Is that true? "Yes, it is true." Women go out tonight, cling to the rich, and go to whoever is naked, right? These scoundrels! Isn’t that right, American women? (Laughter) Is it true or not? "Yes, it is true."

In the future, American women will have nowhere to marry. American women dislike American men, and when they marry, they go to apartments and engage in affairs, becoming like prostitutes, going from house to house, selling love, becoming beggars of love. Therefore, the apartments of single women will line up in dozens, and America will be the last. This will be the period of love's governance. When they go to other countries, they will be kicked out. They will be told, "Hey, hey, hey, Yankee go home!" This is how it will be from a penal officer's perspective. This is not Reverend Moon speaking; this is what heaven is saying. This history of Cain killing Abel, the history of disbelief, will lead to the end of the world. It will go to the ends of the earth, despising heavenly people. You must understand this.

Now, as America has currently crossed over Japan and gained a base in Korea, what has happened? The only country that America cannot let go of is Korea, Korea. Everything else has fallen away, and they are holding on to Korea. Why is that? This is providence. America cannot avoid this path. They must go through Korea. Christianity must pass through Asia; Christianity must return to Asia... If Jesus had not died, he would have centered on Asia and established Eastern culture to conquer the world. The spiritual standard is Asia, and the material standard is the West; if these had united... Because this did not happen, due to Jesus' death, Christianity is now in a position to reclaim the contents of the material world. Therefore, the Christian culture has been led astray and has borne fruit in the material world, following the material world in the West, in America. Thus, Christianity must return to the spiritual world. It is a history that is unfolding.

In this context, America has fallen, so the Unification Church has emerged in Korea, and Reverend Moon has come to America to gather all the second generation.

The mission of the Unification Church is to restore the history of Abel. What is Reverend Moon's mission? It is to restore the history of Abel, in other words. Cain and Abel must start from one person... The historical era has passed, and it will bear fruit as one person. It is decided as one person, one person.

When we look at Reverend Moon from a family perspective, centered around brothers, there must be Cain and Abel. Thus, Cain opposes Abel. Then, what position does Reverend Moon hold? He moves from the family age into the tribal realm. Then, a compounded cross, a compounded Cain and Abel, arises. This opposition leads to a national Abel realm. Then, it progresses to a global Abel realm. This history must be traversed. (While writing on the board)

Now, in the coming age of the Lord's return, what is the global Abel realm, and what is the Cain realm? The closest ideology to heaven is Christianity, and Christianity is the Cain realm. Before the coming Lord, Christianity stands as the Cain realm. Just as Judaism is the Cain realm before the coming Jesus... It stands in that exact position.

If the high priest of Judaism had said to Jesus, "I exist for you. Judaism exists for you, so please lead all the wealth and these priests," then the Abel realm of Judaism would have unfolded. Then, centered around the realm of Judaism, if the king of the Jewish nation had become close, and the king had said, "You are the Abel realm on a national level, and I absolutely submit as Cain," then the national Abel world would have unfolded. After that, if they had subdued the greater nation of Rome, and then centered around India or China, the global realm would have been unified.

The Abel realm of the nation of Israel would have unfolded, uniting with the Roman nation, and then crossing over to the Asian nations. Once they crossed over to the Asian nations, it would have been easy because it is within the religious realm. So, on the day of unification, the world would become completely one. When it comes to the British era, it would be global. In the British era, the entire world, including Asia and India, would completely enter into the British domain.

When looking at the land, the continent is the father, and the islands are the mother. You must understand this. Therefore, where does Christianity go?
When you do that, you will bear fruit centered on Rome, passing through England, and then coming to the continent. It is coming to the Father. To the American continent. The United States is a man, and once a man is on the side of heaven, where does he go? He goes to find an island nation, an island nation. Since he is a man, he must go to an island nation. This island is Japan. Returning to Asia. Then, where is the peninsula? It is Korea. Korea is like a son. This process must be followed. This is about entering the spiritual realm from the material realm. (While explaining, he writes on the board)

That is why the United States must follow Japan. Japan has taken the lead in material matters. Since the United States cannot take responsibility, Japan takes the lead. It is said that a man who listens to a woman's words and follows her will perish, but now if the United States listens to Japan in Asia and follows it, it will live. It is the opposite. (Applause) 

These days, Japan is saying, "Oh, don't let go of Korea." Ohira is talking to China and the Soviet Union, saying, "Don't invade Korea," and it is a big deal right now. Do you know why that is? And this is a fight between two fathers, one being Kim Il-sung's father and the other being the Unification Church's father. (While explaining, he writes on the board)

To go through the global restoration process centered on the United States, if Korean Christianity fails, American Christianity will automatically fail. Since American missionaries are all sitting in Korea... they represented the world. The Christianity that opposes the Unification Church, which has developed over 2,000 years while being opposed, will completely fail within about 20 years. Reverend Moon is nothing, and the Unification Church is nothing, but the conclusion is that they opposed us and ended up like this. 

So, in 20 years, the Unification Church has developed from a position like the very ends of Christianity's global authority... Now, even if all of global Christianity comes together, they cannot do anything to Reverend Moon. We have entered a stage where the foundation of the Unification Church cannot be touched.

Just as Jacob walked for 21 years instead of the 7 years he was supposed to, this is what we are doing, walking for 21 years. If Christianity had not opposed the Unification Church, global Christianity would have been unified within 7 years. There is no doubt about it. You must understand that. Do you think so, everyone?

Your thoughts change within a week, right? Your thoughts turn around in about 7 hours. Is that true? "Yes." Just like that, when everyone opposes the Unification Church, and Reverend Moon is bad, and they say he brainwashes and exploits, when global Christianity says it is good, it turns around in 7 hours. (Laughter) Then, has Reverend Moon become a bad monster or a good monster? "A good monster..." Then, Reverend Moon can restore individual Cain and Abel in an instant, family Cain and Abel in an instant, everything in an instant, and in an instant, he can unite with Christianity and establish a global foundation. At that time, if I were President Eisenhower, I would have to ride on President Eisenhower. 

So, after that, I said to President Eisenhower that the Korean War should not have ended in a ceasefire at the last critical moment. 

Now, President Eisenhower is the President of the United States. If I had united with President Eisenhower, I would have restored what Christianity opposed. That is why I supported Nixon. Nixon was a person who opposed Asian policy. He was the one who separated Korea from Asia and established a defense line connecting Alaska through Japan to New Zealand and Australia, so he is an enemy to Korea. However, if I meet Nixon, I can restore what Christianity opposed. I am saying that we should establish a standard for the global restoration of Cain's rights. Do you understand what I mean?

So, centered on the 7-year foundation, I will turn everything upside down so that the whole world can know. (Someone in the audience keeps sneezing) Why is that? I am saying the most precious words, why is that? (Laughter) So, I entered America. It was a 7-year course until 1981. 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 80, 81... When you add all that up, it is 21 years. Because I opposed the global restoration process, I have to meet with the President of the United States centered on the third 7-year course. That is the mission of the teacher.

So, I came to America and did all that work. I defended all the opposing American presidents... If the American people had listened to me, it would not have turned out like this. Carter is acting recklessly, and Kennedy... just wait and see what happens to America in the future.

The official path that Abel takes
Among the Unification Church members in America, there are some who have fallen away. There are those who have pulled their heads out and run away, saying, "Oh, I can't follow Abel. I don't like Abel. I can't follow the teacher, I can't follow." There is a critical moment when the American people want to accept the Unification Church, and all the Unification Church members can fall away.

So, in the future, ex-Moonies will not oppose the Unification Church, and the American people will all say, "Hey, why did you do that?" There is no doubt about it. Even if I stay quiet, I will say, "What are these kids? Is Reverend Moon really a thug and a fraud, you kids?" and the American people will judge them.

If the American people cannot do it, South America will do it, and black people will do it, and Asians will do it. If white people cannot do it, the Spanish will do it, and black people will do it, and Asians will do it. The world will do it. The people of the world will strike the American people. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

In South America, they are inviting Reverend Moon. People are coming to contact him and invite him to their country. (Applause) 

Then, when Reverend Moon goes, will you stay in America or will you follow him? "We will follow." What will you do? What will you do? When you go to that country, you will be persecuted. You will be persecuted again, Moonie, Moonie, Moonie... You will be more miserable than in America.

Every time I go to South America, the lower people say, "Reverend Moon, the Moonies have become better." Even when they opposed in America, the lower people, the black people and the Spanish people, became closer. That is the same official process. The human trash, the trash of America, has gathered. So, rumors keep spreading that "Moonies are all people with faith, Moonies are people with heart's love, Moonies are people with ideology."

When the day comes that all of America is sitting in the 7-year course, when the direction does not change, this will extend to the 2000s... Because we are in this historical realm, the teacher has commanded to prepare new bases in England and South America. We must create new bases in Europe, and we must create new bases in South America, and we think we must create new bases in Africa and Asia. If I lead America, it will not be far-fetched to hold a conference in Moscow in the near future. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

That is why the teacher cannot endure a day as if it were a thousand years. That is why the teacher has become a terrifying teacher in front of the American leaders. You feel the same, right? Who is the reason for that? It is because of your country... because of the democratic world. I am single-handedly blocking the spread of communism. The communists are attacking from behind, and I am blocking it alone. I am blocking all the satanic attacks from the church. You all dislike that, right? You all dislike that, don't you? You don't like that? How is it? "We like it."

Let me ask you one thing. If you have men and women you loved and liked in the past, don't you miss them? "No." You danced, boasted about yourself, and lived centered on yourself, right? When Christmas and the end of the year came, everyone said it was good, and you all ate to your heart's content, but now you have become followers, so what is good? What is good? Wherever you go, "Look at that guy. Look at his eyes. Look at his nose. Look at his mouth. Look at his ears. There is nothing not to hate. Look at his toes. Look at that butt, that guy," and there is nothing you don't hate. "I hope Reverend Moon dies quickly." Do you know how many Americans pray for Reverend Moon to die? The State Department also says, "If we leave that guy alone, America will be swallowed up. America will perish." It is exactly the same as in the days of Rome.

America thinks, "Reverend Moon is trying to swallow up all of America," and the communists think, "He is trying to swallow up all of communism." Christianity also thinks like that. So, he has become the enemy of Christianity, the enemy of communism, and the enemy of America. This is the formula. This is the official path that Abel takes. On the day of not welcoming and opposing, we must tread all over this formula. In the satanic world, it is not allowed to oppose and not welcome.

That is why the teacher's life is, "Oh, individual Cain! You, pass by. Family Cain, come. Family Cain, pass by immediately. Then, tribal Cain, come. National Cain, come. Asian Cain, come. Global Cain, come. The last satanic Cain of the communist world, come." They all want to kill. They want to kill individually, kill family-wise, kill tribally, kill nationally, and kill globally.

The suffering in America is to digest communism.
So, is there an exception for you? "No." What culture? The culture of Reverend Moon, the culture of Adam, the culture of God. What tradition? The tradition of Reverend Moon, the providential tradition of the heavenly kingdom. I am doing this work to establish this. It is not about Asian or Korean traditions. It is God's tradition. (Applause) Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you understand now? This is how the world moves.

Now, let's conclude. When the teacher prays, he says, "Please help Abel to cross the path of the cross in a situation where the arrows of opposition from the democratic world are flying from American Congressmen like Fraser, and the world is attacking." And so the teacher has crossed it. Now, we must cross the cross in the communist world, the one in Moscow. If we do not cross it, our descendants must cross it.

Training you is to create Moonies who can overcome communism and survive. I will send you to the Soviet Union to work and live there. For that, you will need money and plans. That is why you must earn money. You must have the economic power to receive sympathy and fundraising from those who opposed you. You must have the ability to evangelize those who opposed you. Can you earn money? Will you go out alone for your whole life and silently lay the foundation...? Should you do that or not? "We should do that." Think of the Cambodian front. 

Think of the Vietnam front. You must stand up and prepare while sensitively feeling the struggle against Khomeini in Iran. If the Moonies had an ideology, it would not have turned out like this... Do you understand what I mean?

You kids, do you think you can keep living sweetly and happily like this? Do you think it will work? Can you establish the will of heaven in front of the coming world with that kind of thought? In that place, heaven will absolutely protect you, but in places that are not like that, it will not protect you. What I am doing in America is to digest all of the communist world for the future. That is why I am becoming the main character of the future world. The future world can receive assurance from God. So, do you need to suffer or not? "We need to."

You all say, "Teacher, go alone, we will follow behind." Is that so? "That is the path that Cain must take." What is it? "The path that Cain must take." So, should you go in front of the teacher or follow behind? What should you do? "We should go in front of the teacher." Then, are there Cains in front of the teacher or not? "There are." Do you have Abel? "Yes." What do you have as Abel? You say, "The teacher has taken away my power, taken away everything from me. He has taken away my personality and everything. I have failed since entering the Unification Church." Don't you say that? "No."

You say, "I have given up everything to come in, so the teacher should take care of me, but the teacher does not know how to take care of me." Don't you say that? "No." What is "no"? You are saying "no" after hearing today's words, but until now you have said, "Does the teacher love me? Does he not love me?" You have said that, right? "Reverend Moon loves Koreans more, then Japanese people, and American people third." Haven't you said that? Isn't that against the principle?

I came to America leaving Korea and Asia behind. Why? Because it is the era of the global foundation, so I am pouring all my sincerity into the world. Koreans must pour out their sincerity, and Japanese people must pour it out like the teacher. You must inherit that tradition. You must inherit that root. What must you leave behind? You must leave behind a new culture, a new way of life, and a new tradition.

You know that the long-time members from Korea know the teacher's way of life and tradition better than you, right? They will teach you all of that. I do not have many words. Even if I curse, even if I am cursed by the teacher, you all say it is good. Do I have many words? Can I spend time with each of you individually? That is why I cannot help but bring in people who know and teach.

You must learn that culture, that way of life; you do not have any tradition. What is tradition? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You bring in Japanese people and say, "Oh, it would be nice if we did it among ourselves," but do you think it will work among yourselves? "No." Now, if Korea is the realm of resurrection, Asia is the realm of growth, and America is the realm of completion, you must absorb the realm of resurrection to complete it, and you must absorb the realm of growth to complete it, and only then can completion be possible. The archangelic realm is America, but what can you receive from anywhere else besides the Adamic realm and the realm of the sun? Do you understand what I mean?

It is the same for everyone. You must understand that it is harder for Koreans to come here and for Japanese people to come here than for you. You must understand that it is harder for them than for you. There is no principle that Koreans must learn English and Japanese people must learn English. You too must learn Korean and Japanese. It is the same. Just as the teacher learns English and learns Japanese, you must learn too. You must learn Korean and Japanese. 

When a Japanese person speaks, Koreans and Americans feel uncomfortable, and when a Korean speaks, Japanese people and Americans feel uncomfortable, so what can you do? Korean leaders must speak Korean. I must speak Korean and Japanese.
Can I do it? Should I do it in English? So, everyone, you need to learn. Wherever the teacher goes, you see, all the stepchildren cannot speak. When I was in Korea, there were many Japanese people, and even if there was one Korean person, in terms of the country of Korea, we had to speak Korean. When I went to Japan, I had to speak Japanese. When I came to America, I try to speak American as much as I can. However, I set up an interpreter because my American is clumsy. I can't do that.

How shocked must the teacher have been when he came to America? Ah, I know it when I look at the book, but when I hear it in conversation, I can't understand it properly. I didn't understand anything at all. I only knew 'yes' and 'no.' These days, I understand all the interpretations, but that interpretation is nonsense, nonsense. (Laughter) That's why I console myself, saying, "Oh, the emotional world, what is this... It's my fault for hoping." I forgive myself, thinking, "They should be like that." You are not younger than the teacher. So, learn.

When the teacher studies English, in the past, if I read 20 pages of a book all at once, I knew exactly where the words were. But now, even last night, I looked up the concise dictionary and organized all the words, and after sleeping for only three hours, when I wake up and look, oh, this seems like that, and that seems like this, it gets all mixed up. Confusion arises. I get forgetful, forgetful. Now that I understand and do it, the pain is even greater than when I didn't know. (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Coming to a foreign land and trying to do this... If you were in such a position, do you think you could stay? You would have all run away. I came to save this country, but this country does all sorts of things to try to kill me. It's just that I haven't announced all of that; it's terrifying. That's why it's harder for the teacher; it's not hard for you. You should feel sympathy for the teacher, but do you want the teacher to feel sympathy for you instead? So, you should feel sympathy for the teacher. Who fights this battle for the sake of believing in heaven and God?

Now, do you have Abel? "Yes." Who is it? "Father." That's right. 

Are you truly Abel on heaven's side, or Abel on Satan's side? "Heaven's Abel." Then should the teacher be persecuted, or should you be persecuted? Think about the teacher's words in principle. "We should be persecuted." Should you say, "Oh, I've worked so hard, but the teacher knows," or should you say, "Oh, I'm sorry that I can't take responsibility"? "I should say I'm sorry I can't take responsibility."

The path of Abel

If you are persecuted on a personal basis, don't feel sad about that persecution; if you are persecuted on a tribal basis, don't feel sad about that persecution; if you are persecuted on a national or global basis, you must prepare for all the teacher's future paths. That responsibility lies with me. This is my responsibility, but is it Cain to say, "I don't want global persecution"? "No." Is it Cain to say, "I will take all the global persecution so that the teacher's path, the path of Abel, can be made comfortable"? "Yes."

Do you call the teacher Abel? Is he really Abel? "Yes." What level is that? Is it a family level, a tribal level, a national level, a global level, or a universal level? "Universal level." The answer of universal level is easy, so if you are universal, do you want to bear the universal Cain cross? Do you want to? "Yes." To become a universal level Cain, do you have to get married and have a family, or do you have to come back to the position of serving the universal Abel and have a family? Think about it. "You must have a family after achieving the universal level." Then, thank you.

Centered around the Abel family, the Cain family should say, "Our family can sacrifice, but we must not sacrifice the Abel family." That is the path Cain should take. Is it the path of Cain to say, "Oh, our family is comfortable, and the Abel family must be sacrificed"? "No." If you say, "The teacher is living comfortably in the East Garden with his sons and daughters, and our family is suffering, what is this? What is this? From a principled perspective, Abel should not be like that," is that how it should be? "No." The teacher has gone through all that. Therefore, centered around the East Garden, a Cain arises who says, "Even if our sons and daughters sacrifice, even if our family sacrifices, we will protect the East Garden."

If Cain truly became a Cain on heaven's side, he has the responsibility to make Abel the best in the world, and he must reverse the suffering caused today, bring Abel to the position of glory, and yield all the positions of the world. This is the path Cain must take. The principle is like that. I understand it that way. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

In faith, love, and ideals, one must be Abel.

Then what has Reverend Moon done if he is Abel? Up until now? He has fought on the world historical individual level, world historical family level, world historical tribal level, world historical national level, world historical world, and universal level, and only then has he established his position. Only then has he established his position. For whom has he done this? For you. When the communists inherit the responsibility of the democratic world, and we, in the democratic world, fulfill our duty of loyalty to heaven and fight against the satanic world, America will be established.

There must be a fence. Until now, the teacher has created a fence so that he cannot be attacked by Satan from the entire democratic world, which is why you can have families and live comfortably. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You must have that principled thought. You don't know the principle; that's what's happening now. This time, Michael's situation is all because he doesn't know the principle. That is the principle of historical tradition, but you must understand that this is the principle of today's life. It fits you perfectly. It's a formula, a formula.

Now, when we look at these principles, the fact that Reverend Moon is being persecuted globally as a religious leader today is because of the responsibility of the global Abel. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Is there anyone among the black people who opposed Reverend Moon? "No." They opposed him. They heard rumors and said, "That Reverend Moon is wrong, wrong," at first. It was just short-lived.

The fact that missionaries have been sent to 127 countries around the world is all to provoke attacks. The world is to oppose... It means to be opposed globally. There are Americans, Japanese, and Germans among them, and this is centered on North and South America, this is centered on Asia, and this is centered on Europe. Japan, Germany, and America move the world. Right? "Yes." They are all enemies. Even though they are enemies, they must become one. Is it easy to become one? "No." From there, saying, "Oh, I am Abel," is an enemy. Abel must create Cain and then act as Abel. They all want to be responsible...

First, create Cain, and emotionally, when the missionary here is said to have the most love and the best ideas, you must show an example and naturally subdue them, and then when you say, "Shall I guide you?" they should say, "Yes," and you must proceed like that. Then, when it comes to eating, is it Abel to eat first and enjoy the food? "No." Is it Abel to say, "You all eat; I will eat the leftovers"? That is Abel. Also, saying, "You all grow; I don't need to grow. You all rest; I can suffer. I will do it," is Abel. So, when Cain says, "You are a person of heaven; please represent us," from there, it is okay to eat first, sleep first, or rest first. This is not, "I came in first, so I am Abel. You cook some food." There is no such law.

Then, if an older person was born first in the world, and if we do it that way, would the grandfather be the greatest Abel? What comes first in the Unification Church or before God is Abel? Then, in what must one be Abel? One must be Abel in faith, in love, and in ideals. No matter what, if one does not save oneself and does not evangelize, Abel will not come out. One must give birth. One must give birth from the position of Eve and from the position of Adam. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

You cannot receive blessings without making Cain and Abel one.

Are you now in the position of Adam and Eve? You cannot receive blessings without making Cain and Abel one. Isn't that so? This is the three generations: God, Adam and Eve, and sons and daughters, three generations. You are the same. Therefore, evangelism must be exchanged for life... You must have expectations for your sons-in-law. You must not be unable to have them externally and internally. Isn't that the principle?

Then, when sons and daughters are born, you must know how to feed them. That is why you are fundraising. You must be able to feed all the children of others and be able to raise funds to send them all to marry. You must know how to make money and how to evangelize. Fundraising is all experience. It is preparation.

Blessing the external family and then blessing your own sons and daughters is not the principle? The teacher is also going that way. The teacher is not an exception. The teacher is also going that way. Can you do this freely? If you could do it freely, why would I suffer?

You, who have a tendency toward liberalism, what benefit is there in marrying someone off? If you can't live, you come and report it, saying you can't live, asking for help, how much of a headache is that? If you have money, you ask for help, saying, "Reverend Moon is living well, and we are suffering like this. Reverend Moon's sons and daughters are living well, and we are suffering." Did you help Reverend Moon? Did you help Reverend Moon to live well? I earned it with my sweat and blood, and I worked hard to earn it. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

And when you feed and marry off your external family, if you do not do better than what the world's mothers and fathers have done for you, something must happen. Only after that, three blessed families must come forward and praise heaven for the blessing to create families. The internal family is created. That is the principle, the principle. And they teach their sons and daughters how to unite with their internal family.

Then, when I cannot live in America and think, "I must leave America," if I say, "Oh, you must not leave alone," and follow, that is a spiritual child; otherwise, it is not a spiritual child. You must understand that. "We think that the way to repay the debt we owe you is to do this for your sons and daughters, so we follow to repay that debt. Since you have done well for our three families, when our three families' sons and daughters get married, we want to do more than what you have done without you having to work." That is how you repay. Only then can you love for your sons and daughters. How? You love your sons and daughters as you love Abel's sons and daughters. What does a blessed family know about the world? What does the world know?

Now, you must not think that you should go to the East Garden and steal everything to feed your sons and daughters. I am talking about the principle now, the principle. This is not Reverend Moon's words. Abel has walked the path of tradition that can go to the world toward that purpose, so that is the hope. He must establish that tradition; Abel must establish it. Do you understand what I mean? Do you understand it clearly? "Yes."

So, our Unification Church says, "The path of restoration goes from the position of the servant of servants, to the position of the servant, to the position of the adopted son, and then to the position of the son, and to the position of the parents, and thus goes to God." This is the formula of restoration in the Unification Church. What does the term servant mean? It is not the servant of heaven; it is the servant of Satan, the servant of Satan. It is not of heaven. You must understand that. You must become the servant of the servant of the satanic world. You must become the servant of the servant and restore through indemnity.

Now, what is Abel? It means he came to take our house. Abel came to take our house. That is why the Lord comes like a thief. He comes to take. The satanic world is a place that makes thieves. Do you understand? Who is the king here? "Satan." Yes, who is the thief? "Satan." So, they are all Satan, all of them. They make it hard to live, do all sorts of things, and try to kill.

To be blessed, one must go from the position of the servant of servants to the position of the adopted son.

So, when I look around, I realize that I am too much, that I am ashamed to see my son, ashamed to see my parents, ashamed to see my ancestors, ashamed to see my neighbors, ashamed to see my country, ashamed to see the world, and only after realizing the shame do I surrender. You must understand that. You must feel that you have been too much in front of your mother and father, in front of the whole neighborhood, and in front of the entire nation before you can surrender. You must understand when Satan surrenders and when Cain surrenders. You must know when the servant surrenders. That is why in the neighborhood, they say, "That kid should die!" That is how Satan... Do you understand?

Have you ever been persecuted like that? Have you ever been in the position of the servant of servants? You have only heard about it; have you ever experienced it? If all Unification Church members were told to go to this position, not a single one would remain; they would all run away. Especially the Americans...

When the master of the servant looks at this... This guy is the servant of servants. The master of the servant sees and says, "Hey, this guy cannot stay there. So send him to our house." The master of the servant says, "He is too much for you; send him to me." But is it comfortable just because you went to the master? No. "If I bring that guy, I can make money, and I can make him do anything, so our house will prosper," and they bring him and make him work to death. They make him do all sorts of things to earn money. In the end, they say, "The cows I bought were all because of that Abel, and the land I bought was all because of that Abel," and when all the rumors spread that "the servant collected all the wealth, and the master did nothing," then finally the master says, "I will give you a piece of my land," and that is how you receive your share. Only then can the servant go to the position of the adopted son. You cannot go just like that. You must stand in a position where you can offer your possessions to be able to enter the rights of the adopted son. That is how you become an adopted son.

Then, when the adopted son offers sacrifices, there will be no conditions for Satan to accuse. Do you understand what position the adopted son is in? You must understand this clearly. Those of you who are blessed should understand this!
In this position of being a child of God, if you are loyal to Heaven here, you will receive Heaven's blessings, and even if you gain a lot of wealth, that wealth should not be thought of as something earned for myself, but rather for the coming Messiah, for the Son. Only then can you become a true child of God. Those who think, "I earn for myself. It is mine," can never reach the position of the sons and daughters of Heaven. You need to understand this. It means you cannot meet the Son. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." This is the path you must take. It is not just words; it is a path you must walk. This is the path you must take.

So, centered around this child of God authority, you must create families, nations, and the world, saying, "Oh! True children of God, come quickly!" This is what we call the religious realm. Finally, you become a servant of God's side. This is the servant of God's side. This child of God authority is the servant of God's side. What has been created globally is Judaism, Christianity, and the Unification Church. (As he writes on the board)

This is the archangel of Heaven's side. What is a servant? It is one who stands on the side of the archangel, and what is the side of the archangel? It is the side of Cain. It is Cain on Heaven's side.

What position are you in? You need to know where your position is, what place you are in. You must also know the contents of the 1970s. What position are you in? What position? "The position of a servant." Which side's servant? "Heaven's side servant." Then, after having done all this on the side of Satan, and everyone in the neighborhood knows, and the world knows, and rumors spread saying, "That's too much. That's too much," did you have people who supported you saying, "What did Mun do wrong?" Now is the time to ask, "What is wrong with Reverend Moon?" Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

You must walk this path. Without walking this path, you cannot receive blessings or have a married life. You cannot even bear children. If you have children without walking this path, it is a sin. That is the cross you must bear. Otherwise, you will make your children suffer. That is why, in the end, it is said that a woman who is pregnant will be in sin. Today, Christianity is in this position, and because it cannot pass through the position of being a child of God, it leads a single life, a single life. All brides and nuns are living single lives. Do you understand what I mean?

The more advanced the religion, the more it emphasizes single life because of this fate. This is the game that must be played to fill this child of God authority. That is why all religious people must live a single life.

When you go through the position of a servant of servants, how shocking would it be if you had a wife? If you have children and are persecuted and suffer, can you endure it? How shocking and painful it is! So what did Reverend Moon do? He cut off this shocking situation centered around the servant of servants and has been granting the benefits of the path and privileges of being a child of God.

Walking the path of indemnity for 2,000 years in 20 years
Now, how did Reverend Moon do this? He understood all the principles and fought against Satan in front of God to receive a signature. He received a signature of personal victory in the battle representing the world, a signature of family victory, a signature of tribal victory, a signature of national victory, and a signature of world victory. He has taken care of the history of 2,000 years and thousands of years and has paved the way in one generation, in 20 years. In 20 years, he has received indemnity.

Now, just knowing this is difficult, but to accomplish this, how shocking is that? This must be done. It must be done. That is why Reverend Moon has dedicated his whole life to this until now. Therefore, Reverend Moon himself, while struggling with the principles of Heaven's kingdom and God's ideal cultural realm, has declared that he will not become a child of disbelief, a child of unfaithfulness, a child of unidealism, or a child who forsakes the ideals of Heaven and Earth. Whether he goes to a place to live or a place to die, he must leave this work behind before he dies.

The entire world of Satan is attacking personally. It is attacking personally so that it can be knocked out at the family level. It is attacking at the family level so that it can be knocked out at the tribal level. It is attacking at the tribal level so that it can be knocked out at the national level. It is attacking at the national level so that it can be knocked out at the world level. That is why, 20 years ago, he brought his mother and established a family. "Mother, obey absolutely," and he has paved this path until now, for 20 years.

Women, listen well, and obey absolutely. For 20 years, while being persecuted like this, in the first 7-year course, the second 7-year course... you must strike all your families. You must send your children out to suffer, and then you must strike the Unification Church. You must drive out all the blessed families' children of the Unification Church. Even when coming to America, you must drive out your wives, leaving behind your husbands and children, and you must not complain. You must be grateful. This is not only done in America. It has been done in Korea and Japan as well. This is tradition, tradition.

Why is that? Because Eve denied God, denied her husband, and denied her son. This son is the husband, and then on Heaven's side, he is the child, so Eve must deny her child and husband and go out. Where does she go? To the most difficult place, to the most difficult place. She goes to the place where she will be most scorned. That is why she engages in CARP activities. You must not complain there. Because of this Eve, I am suffering, Jesus died, and all the predecessors sacrificed themselves. Older people must understand this. They must understand this.

What is the responsibility of the teacher? The teacher must establish the tradition of the principles. Should this be done or not? "It must be done." Then how should the teacher prepare? To establish God's sons and daughters, because of Adam's fall, the entire spirit world has been divided, and all orders of the spirit world are blocked, so what must the teacher do spiritually? He must unite the divisions of the spirit world. It must be unified.

What kind of person is the teacher? Like the descendants of Adam, he must inherit Adam's tradition and unify the spirit world. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Because Adam fell and became like this, the resentment of the fall must be resolved in the spirit world. Because God believed in such a unifying promise and sent it to the earth, it must begin from a unified family... It must be corrected from the family for the unification of the spirit world to proceed. This must first be recognized in the spiritual world. It must be done after receiving God's signature.

You must love Heaven more than anyone else
Then what is the principle? As an eternal person of righteousness, an eternal person of love, an eternal person of God, you must draw a line. You must keep unraveling what is tied on this earth to create conditions. You must unravel it... Where do you start? You start from the family. It starts from the family. That is why the Unification Church must unravel from the family. This is the problem.

Therefore, husbands must believe in their wives' love. Wives must also believe in their husbands' love. They must trust absolutely. Whether he is white or black... Therefore, you must create a love that cannot be separated between these two people. A father cannot separate it, a nation cannot separate it, Satan cannot separate it, and the teacher cannot separate it. That is the kind of love you must have. So you must follow your husband. If you follow your wife, you will perish. When the husband cannot go, you must encourage him, saying, "You, be strong and courageous for me. You have the responsibility to lead me." You must say, "I will be your bridge; please ride on me and cross over quickly, and pull me out."

Who must start this work? It must start from the teacher's family. No matter how complicated the environment is, that principle must be maintained. When considering the father and her husband, if she prioritizes her father over her husband, everything will connect. Therefore, even if he does not love me, even if he leaves me, if he loves God more, he must be sent away.

Why? Because Eve can receive the complete love of God, the love of the Son and the love of the Father. God, who has not received the love of the husband and the love of the Son, can receive the experience of the love of the husband and the love of the Son, and if he loves me with the love of the husband plus the love of the Son, that is sufficient. Such love will come. Otherwise, such love cannot come. Do you understand?

So, if you abandon me and love God more, and if you abandon the Son and love God more, then God will come to like me. Only then will there be a tradition to receive that love. That is not a losing business. It is not a losing business; it is a profitable business. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you understand? "Yes."

In the future, when you ask your husband, "How much do you love me?" it would be good if he responds, "Oh, I love you more than God, more than my children, more than anyone." Would it be better to say, "I love you as much as you love your husband"? What about the women in America? "First." Women have fallen, so it cannot be helped. (Laughter) It is a miserable situation. (Laughter) Do you understand for sure? "Yes."

Reverend Moon abandoned his wife, abandoned his children, and while walking the path of Heaven, God loves me like a wife, giving me the love of the Son, the love of the Father, and even the love of a wife, and in order for my son and wife to receive love, Heaven works on my behalf and loves me. This is how Heaven always does what I must do on my behalf.

Heaven goes wherever Reverend Moon goes.
So what is different about Reverend Moon compared to worldly people? Wherever Reverend Moon goes, he loves the Father, loves the wife, loves the husband, loves the children, and becomes a man who can be loved by three generations. Becoming such a man is the problem in the world of Satan. Because everyone is infatuated with Reverend Moon, rumors spread everywhere.

Why is there nothing like this in the world, yet Reverend Moon's power is so great? It is because of this principle. Because he loves God more... Do you understand what that means? "Yes." Such a theory is being established. It is being established as a theory. In order to give you all of this, I am telling you to abandon your children, abandon your parents, abandon your wife, and abandon your family to love Heaven more. This must not be just an idea; it must be realized in life, which is why I am pushing you in this direction. It is to pass on the inheritance, to pass on the inheritance...

Thus, Eve will tear down all the resentment of the fall. She will tear down everything around her. This is the three generations, isn't it? Children, husband, God, all of this that is blocking must be torn down. Will you not do this? This is the expectation of the son-in-law, centered around the children of Adam and Eve. (As he writes on the board)

What is the conclusion? Therefore, I loved God more than my husband, more than myself, more than my wife, and more than my children, and that tradition will be inherited, the tradition. Therefore, it can tighten the world of Satan. If someone who has received the blessing of the Unification Church has more attachment to his wife than to God, and more attachment to his children than to God, then that is a problem. That person is still on his own side. He is not on the side of the principle, not on the side of Heaven, but on his own side.

If such a person wants to lead a family and enter Heaven, he will block the gates of Heaven. The most important thing is whom you loved more. You must love God more than your son, more than your wife. Did the Bible not say that? To be my disciple, you must love me more than anyone else. That biblical saying makes sense. It is correct, isn't it? "It is correct." However, the Bible cannot explain it like Reverend Moon does.

But from whose era did we start to understand this? Because of whom? "The Father." Because of Reverend Moon, the world did not know that he was such a person. You do not know either, do you? When you understand all of this, were you a true member of the Unification Church until now, or a fake member? What do you think? Am I a person on Heaven's side or on Satan's side? What kind of person am I? You must know for sure. Do you not know? Do you understand? "I understand." Do you understand, or not? "I understand."

You must be able to go while being grateful even in the position of a servant of servants.
Has it been five hours? As time goes on, I will say the most important words. You must understand that this is a bigger issue than the inauguration speech of the President of the United States. If you fall asleep there because you are bored, that will be recorded in the spirit world. You will fall asleep. I am more tired than you who are listening. (Laughter) Shall we stop now? "No." Then I will stop, and it will be easier for me. It has become twelve o'clock, and I am hungry. (Laughter) My legs also hurt... Taking you out is also to exercise my legs. Do you understand this much? "Yes."

Do you think it is easy to become a child of God? Reverend Moon was born in this fallen world and is trying to become a child of God. Do you think it is easy to become a child of God? Is it easy to become a child of God? How difficult is it? How difficult do you think it is? It is the most difficult in the historical era, the most difficult.

Just knowing these things is enough to make me say, "Oh, Reverend Moon must have a few pieces of his head." How could he know all of this? Is it recorded in the encyclopedia or in the library? How could he have known all of this? You would not know even if you researched it leisurely.

Is it possible to shoot about 500 atomic bombs toward the heart of God and achieve anything? "No." But how did Reverend Moon know this? Do you think it would be possible to travel the world, play around, and get married at will? "No." It is a great thing that he has created a system that modern intellectuals can understand today. This is something that God has not been able to do until now. That is why, centered on God's heart, millions of spirits and millions of teachers have gone to the spirit world, but they call Reverend Moon their teacher, don't they? A great teacher, the teacher who taught us the heart of Heaven that we did not know...

What do you think of the teacher? "The teacher's face is just okay, and he just comes to talk on Sundays." You think like that, right? But do you know what is behind that? You must know the behind. When you lift the veil, what is there? Those blessed families that have been around for a long time think that everything in the world goes according to their wishes. But that is not the case at all. Do you think so too? "Yes." The more you go, the more the teacher makes a new start. That is why the mother likes the teacher, but she is also most afraid of him. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Just liking is not enough.
Alright, after knowing this, it is not that I went to a place where I could take on the responsibility of being a son, but rather I have walked the most miserable path in the world, the path that a stray dog must take. It is great that I have paved the most miserable path, starting from the position of a servant's servant. You need to understand that.

I have played this game starting from the position of a servant's servant, and I have paved this path with the game of a servant. There are no legs of an adopted child... Even if there are Christian pastors or doctors, there is not a single person who can take on this role, so I have taken responsibility and have been doing this up until now.

So when I say "servant of a servant," who am I talking about? The term "servant" does not refer to others but to oneself. The term "adopted child" does not refer to others but to oneself. The statement that one must be for the son is not speaking of others but of oneself, my own words. That is different.

I understood God's earnest heart to save humanity, and since there is no one else who can do it besides me, the path I take is the path that a son must take, and I realized that this is the duty of filial piety, which is why I am doing this. "I do not want the position of a son. I prefer the position of an adopted child, the position of a servant. Even if I die in the position of a servant's servant, I will be more grateful than dying in the position of a son," this is the heart with which I am doing this.

Therefore, Satan cannot accuse me. Satan cannot accuse me. Otherwise, Satan would say, "Why is the Son of God in this position doing such a thing?" There is no need to long for the position of a son. Even in the position of a servant's servant, I am grateful and going forward as if I am in the position of a son. I am going to this position of a servant's servant because I want to, because I want to. Even if I die in this position, I will die claiming the glory of being a son. Even if I die in the position of a servant, although Jesus in the Garden of Gethsemane prayed three times, "Let this cup pass from me," I do not pray such prayers. "Even if I die in the position of a servant's servant, I will die in a position higher than the glory of heaven."

When I think of God, who has suffered for thousands of years, I cannot complain. The teacher is like that, but what do you all expect? Do you want to become children of God? "Even if I become a servant of God, even if it is a thousand times more, I am grateful." I believe that is the tradition that must be inherited in the Unification Church. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

But can you complain? Even if I have faced all kinds of hardships before heaven, I have never complained. I have never opened my mouth to say, "God, why did you send me to such a place?" Even when I was in prison, shackled and suffering, I did not say, "God, why did you send me this way? You promised me the position of glory as a son, and what is this?" I will go as far as I can. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." If it is hard, I do not say it is hard; if I cannot sleep, I do not say I cannot sleep; if I am hungry, I do not say I am hungry; if I am cold, I do not say I am cold, even while standing in such a position. That is why those people are studying me. The teacher of the Unification Church is not like that.

Why is that? Because how pitiful is God, who hopes for something from such hungry people? You need to understand that. You must understand how miserable it is that God hopes for something from those who are starving, shivering, and unable to rest. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You must understand all of that.

If God exists, then that God must love Reverend Moon. If He does not love, then God does not exist. That is why, on the difficult path that Reverend Moon walks, He creates friends and sources of comfort. If the road is difficult, there are people who cook and wait for him, and if he needs to take a car but thinks of walking, there are people who buy him a ticket. Such things exist in the history of the teacher, in the history of the teacher. If I were to tell stories, there would be many stories like riddles, but I do not speak of them.

Every time, I have thought, "Heaven has worked this much for a man who has not fulfilled his responsibility. I have committed a grave sin." I have thought, "I could have been treated any way, but why do they treat me like this?" That is the burden. I have lived my whole life in debt, crawling on my belly, living as if it were a matter of life or death, but how many years have you all come for the purpose? God must carry this history for thousands of years, so if I think of that God, can I complain? Try to fight against it. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Today is the last Sunday of 1979. We are now moving into the 1980s. We must move beyond the 70s, which were filled with many wishes, and toward the hopeful new 80s.

Now, as I enter the 80s, I am not ashamed. There is no one in the world who does not know Reverend Moon. There is not a single person who has not heard the name Reverend Moon, even once. Everyone has heard it, even in the communist sphere. Those who do not know it are just like pigs, completely ignorant of the world, not reading newspapers or listening to the radio. They are just like beasts. They are people who have no interest in the country and no interest in the world. If they do such bad things, they should have perished long ago, but if they still think they are alive, they should come and see. They cannot say they did not know Reverend Moon, can they?

I sent you all to go and talk to people until your legs swelled and you became disabled. If later someone appears and says, "If Reverend Moon has such a responsibility, why did he not come to our neighborhood?" I would shout, "What do you mean I did not come? I went to every state and promoted it, and if you did not hear it, that is not my fault. I became famous enough to be cursed at and sent to prison, and I went to your state and told everyone, so if you did not hear, that is not true."

Go to every house, fundraising, and distribute flyers and do this work. God values even a penny given to those who are persecuted and marginalized more than a million gold pieces, so He remembers that penny. That is why there are absolutely no rich people who support the poor. It is the poor blacks and the impoverished Spanish who support.

We are continually growing. We will continue to grow. We will prosper more than the well-off Americans. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." We must be grateful with tears. If I return my glorious wealth and blessings to God with a heart full of tears, heaven will return it with tears as well. That is how we should go. Do you understand? "Yes."

To become children and parents of heaven, we must follow the laws of heaven and the laws of the earth. Reverend Moon has a lot of money, but I do not spend it for myself. I spend it all for the world. This too (pointing to the tie) was all bought for me by someone. (Laughter) It is the same wherever I go. People say the most famous center or restaurant in America is good, but I have never been to any of those places. However, I do go to McDonald's House. They say, "That person looks like Reverend Moon, but could Reverend Moon really have come here?" They think someone like Reverend Moon came, but they never imagine it was Reverend Moon. (Laughter) When I first went to Las Vegas to investigate, someone who looked like Reverend Moon appeared, but they said he was not Reverend Moon.

Now, while dancing naked, they are just exposing their breasts and dancing, and I am watching. (Laughter) If others see it, they will say, "What about Reverend Moon?" If they want to curse, let them curse; if they want to criticize, let them criticize. Also, to make friends with the famous people there, I send someone to gamble. I even educate them. So the teacher goes and gives lectures. (Laughter) I am watching the gambling. However, I do not touch it. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

I have also met women from the red-light district on the street and talked to them. I said, "Hey, what is this? Naked in broad daylight, what is this?" When I asked, "Who are you?" they would say, "Don't you know my brother's friend? You scoundrel!" (Laughter) I would ask why they ended up here and trace back their history. The teacher knows the world. The teacher knows the world. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." There is nothing I do not know. I know how the cabaret is run, how the red-light district is run, how the mafia operates, how the drug gangs operate, and how the communists operate.

Do you not think the teacher is like a natural person? "I do." When I go to the mountains, I become a mountain person. It happens instantly. When I go to the sea, I become a fisherman; when I go to the countryside, I become a farmer; when I build a school, I become a scholar; when I meet theorists, I become a theorist... (Applause) I have done everything. I have even been a beggar. Do you understand? When I sleep under the bridge, I say, "God, this is how I live." How poetic is that? The Son of God lives like this... All those things... All that I wrote down has burned away. Those treasures that cannot be bought even for a thousand or ten thousand gold pieces... All that I wrote while in prison... You must learn those stories from the teacher. Do you not want to know? "I want to know."

When I start to talk, everyone will fall over. I will not speak for fear they will run away. "Oh, I like to listen, but I do not want to act," would they want to hear? Now, when someone goes into the Soviet Union for underground work, I will tell them. I will tell them about those doing underground movements in the Soviet Union and those in satellite countries... Why? So that they will act immediately upon hearing. You must understand how far apart you are from the teacher.

To live meaningfully and to willingly choose death is the only way to create an environment where one can speak freely. Why? Because I know this work and have experienced it, I know well the position I was in when I faced that situation. The stories of how I faced that situation cannot be compared to yours. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." To make you suffer, I want to pass down all that history secretly.

You cannot follow the feelings of the Japanese members, and you do not know what the teacher went through in Korea. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." If you understand, you must be able to practice. Think about how difficult the path to becoming an adopted child is, how difficult the path to becoming a son is, and how difficult the path to becoming a parent is.

Now, to become a son and to become a parent established by heaven, you must follow the laws of heaven and the laws of the earth. But how do you introduce the laws of heaven and the laws of the earth? This must be introduced. However, since the world does not follow me and does not match my pace, I must match my pace alone. While doing so, I say, "God, I have responsibilities too, so please give me a little more time. Please give me more time. I will save America. I will complete this work with ten times what I have done until now." Then you will all run away. If there is someone among my sons and daughters who has fallen away, I will take one of them and go out. This is the path Abel takes, and this is the historical perspective of Abel.

Those who wish to die must go the path of life. Now, the path of Abel as seen from providence... Do you all want to be the difficult children of God? "Yes." It is difficult, but still? "Yes." Then act while crying. Do it while crying. Even if tears come, keep your mouth shut. The teacher still has many such times. What we are facing now is not a difficult thing at all. When you enter Harvard University, how hard do you have to study to earn credits? Even so, you must go while crying. If you do not go, you will die and cannot keep up.

That is why the teacher has given up his youth, whether it rains or snows, to pass all those courses and do this work. With this kind of mind, with this kind of ability, if I had set my mind to it, I would have already become the president of Korea. Do you understand what I mean? If I had been born in America, becoming the president of America would have been no problem at all. Such a man has met God incorrectly and is doing this work, which is so tiresome... Oh, I never dreamed that Abel's history would be this tiresome.

Today, religious people do not understand any of this and believe in a haphazard way, swallowing everything whole, saying they will all go to heaven... If such a heaven exists, I would be the first to go, but there is a distance of thousands of miles between us. Everything is completely different, and it is heresy. It is not just heresy; it can be heresy on a hundred or a thousand levels. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Now, do you need such a Reverend Moon? "Yes." It is difficult to receive that degree from me. Must it be traditional, or should it be nonsense? "It must be traditional." Everything will fall apart, and these Unification Church things... They are all failures. Those who fell in the middle are all those who did not pass. Do you understand? Do you think you will follow the path that Michael, who fell away, took? I loved Michael and had planned to elevate him to a responsible position in America, but I do not have such thoughts about you, so will you follow? "Yes." Then try it. When graduation time comes, will it get easier or harder?

Among our Unification Church members, those who came in first and said they would go easily are the failures. Are those who have been in for one year, two years, or three years the ones who are advancing? Which side is it? Does it take one year to seven years, or one year to ten years? You must know only that path. What kind of group are you? Will you dance at dance parties, go to banquets, and go to resorts, doing everything that others do, or will you say, "I do not care" and go into a prison-like place made of iron doors, forget everything, and work hard?

If you want to do home church activities, there are countless ways to do it. Now, "What kind of orders will Reverend Moon give? Will he only give orders to die? If he quickly gives me an order to die, that would be great," then it all ends. It is simple. That is why there is a saying, "Those who wish to die will live, and those who wish to live will die."

If you die while fundraising without eating, sleeping, or resting, you will come back to life at that moment. Also, if you go out to evangelize, not just one person a month, but every day, and die while doing so, then it all ends. If you die, the spirit world will immediately say, "Someone has died, so save him," and twelve people will come rushing to save you. They will say, "Because we could not cooperate and you died, we will take your place." That is why the spirit world takes the lead. Do you understand? That is why "those who wish to die will live." It is simple.
Let's see how hard this home church is! Anyone who opposes, come out! 
The monster of Satan, come out! The white monster, come out! Whether you're white, black, Spanish, or Asian, come out! Let's give it a try! Let's go! Let's go! That's how it should be. 
Everyone, if you don't listen, there are ways. For a month, blow the trumpet 'toot toot', then for a month, ring the bell 'ding ding ding', and at night, with a candle lit, keep going around for a month. Then will there be someone asking, 'Why are you doing this?' or not? 
If he is a child, he would say, 'Take me to your mom and dad.' Then if they say to go to their house, he would go and say, 'The son of the moon god keeps calling me, so I came.' Then that child would also ask, 'Mom, Dad, is there something good?' That's how it goes. Young ladies who sing well should compose good songs like 'Oh! America, awaken!' and sing silently for a month while shedding tears. 
Then in New York, there’s a problem with garbage. If you take a cart and say, 'Come out if you want to throw away garbage for free,' won't everyone open their doors and load it? Just do that for a month or two, and when you give them money, say, 'Ah! I don't need money.' Then at lunchtime, someone will say they will buy you lunch, and at dinner, someone will say they will treat you at their house. Then when they ask, 'Where is your house?' you say, 'I have no house, I am like Don Quixote.' That's how it is. If they feed you somewhere, you eat, and if they let you stay for a night, you sleep. Is that impossible? 'No.' You can do anything. 
Also, buy a microphone and bring a novel or poem, and go to any doorstep to interpret poetry or novels. Say, 'If there are students who want to study literature or poetry, I know it well, so come and ask me, and I will teach you.' You can do anything. 
Do you understand what I mean? 'Yes.' Why can't you do that? If you are hungry, say, 'Grandma, Grandpa! Please give me some food. My grandparents used to give me food when I was hungry, and since you seem like my grandparents, please give me a bowl of lunch.' That’s how you get food. How fun is that? (Laughter) That’s how you get food. You get lunch at lunchtime and dinner at dinner time. That’s fun, really. 
The next day, go fundraising and bring a box of castella and say, 'Grandma is very generous, and because she treated me well, I prayed to God that there should be many grandmas like her. I brought this good box of castella because I want to take care of such a grandma.' Then they would say, 'Oh! This young one is better than our grandson.' That’s how it works. You become close like that. 'Grandma, I will buy you rice.' 
Then who would refuse? Open the pantry and say, 'What is this? You are old. I will clean everything for you.' And you clean everything, even the toilet. If you are wearing a suit, you take it off and say, 'If that suit gets wet, let it get wet. It can be washed.' Then they would think, 'Wow! There is such a young person.' That’s how it goes. 
I believe that even thinking for just 5 minutes a day, you can come up with ten, a hundred, or a thousand ideas. Why can't you do that? You just need to go to any house five times. The first time you go, if the owner glares at you and says, 'You rascal,' endure it. The second time, if they say 'rascal' again, endure it. Then, when the neighborhood sees that, they will wonder, 'Did that rascal steal something?' If you go for the third time and they still call you 'rascal,' let’s do that. After doing that five or six times, when everyone in the neighborhood knows, they will wonder, 'What did that rascal do wrong to be treated like that?' Then you knock on the door and say, 'Rascal is here, rascal, rascal, rascal.' Then the whole neighborhood will know, and the neighbors will open the door and ask, 'Why do you dislike the rascal? Present your evidence; you are not even one-tenth of the rascal. The rascal is someone who is trying to cover those who are being oppressed and loves those who oppose him.' Then the neighborhood people will be amazed. You need to know how to do such things. 
Everyone, pray to God. 'Have I qualified as a rascal now?' Ask God. If God says, 'Now you are qualified,' then say, 'Then I will go and give them a good scolding.' God will say, 'Go ahead.' So when you scold them, they will say, 'Oh, we were wrong.' And the neighbors will not side with that person, saying, 'That was good. They treated innocent people like that, and now they got what they deserved.' This way, the rascal will be supported. Then they will think, 'We need to investigate the rascal. We need to undergo training.' Then those people will quickly return. Do it dramatically like this. 
Abel must be bold. 
If you go to a house and get mistreated more than seven times, the daughters and wives will all be on our side. 'That guy is getting what he deserves. His personality was such that he made it hard for us, and now he has met the rascal. I am on the rascal's side!' How fun is that? If I write a script and do it a few times, it will happen like that, and when it does, how fun will it be? 
And when Christmas comes, you can pack a bag of candy canes and dress like Santa Claus and say, 'Santa Claus has come, so everyone come out for candy.' Then after everyone has received their share, when you take off the Santa Claus disguise, they will say, 'Oh, it was the rascal.' Then all the people in the neighborhood will… To the neighborhood people, say, 'On a certain day at a certain time, Santa Claus will come and give small gifts, so everyone who likes free gifts should come.' Then everyone will come out. 
Then the neighborhood will know who is blessed, who will be saved, and who is not. You will be the guide for those people. If you save those people, will they treat you as an enemy? 
So in any area, in a home church area of 360 houses, Mr. Smith, Mr. Paul, Mr. Kim, and so on, it will be recorded in their diaries. Wouldn’t it be recorded in anyone's diary? If someone keeps a diary, it will definitely be there. 
Now, imagine that such records came out from 360 houses. What is that? It's their property. 'Oh! There are such people.' Even if parents are cursing, their sons and daughters will come out to comfort them. How fun will that be? 
So, 'In 20 years, parents will all be dying, and their sons and daughters will be grown up and 30 years old, and by then I will enter the main room of this house.' How wonderful is that? Have you thought about that? Why can't you have such thoughts? You haven’t thought that way until now. 
Abel must be bold. The righteous must be bold. So is Reverend Moon bold? 'Yes.' If the Carter administration doesn’t insult me, I can avoid being insulted. I can say that I came to America because it was on fire, as a fire chief, and that I came as a doctor because America is sick, and that I came to save all the young people. There’s no need to say things that people don’t want to hear. That’s wonderful, you know? 
The sons and daughters who dislike their parents are all of poor quality, so if they oppose, their sons and daughters will say, 'Let’s find out about Reverend Moon.' Then those sons and daughters will be on my side. 
When they see the rascal, they already know. They are different from others. It’s fine if they oppose, it’s fine if they welcome, it’s fine if they don’t listen, and it’s fine if they do listen; anyway, it’s all good. If that happens, there will be problems, and there will be people who insult the teacher, and there will be people who just let it pass, and there will be people who feel guilty and speak up, and there will be people who say it’s good, and there will be people who like hearing the principle. The problems will continue, and it’s not a bad thing; as the problems continue, good problems will keep arising. 
When it becomes a year, and then ten years, they will know that the rascal is good, and they will say, 'Oh, where is that rascal whom I opposed so much? I hear he lives in Alaska. I should go visit and repent.' Then they will take a flight to Alaska. This will happen in ten years, twenty years… Have you thought about that? In ten years, twenty years, they will listen to the principle, repent, and all come to find him. They will come while repenting. They must repent. History is made that way. 
Recently, I met someone on a plane who said, 'I used to oppose Reverend Moon and hated the Unification Church, but when I got to know the Unification Church, I realized it’s really good, and I repent.' Do you understand what I mean? 'Yes.' If there are many such stories among you, how comforting and proud will that be? 
The way of Abel is the path of carrying one’s own cross. 
So, do you have a Cain club or not? What are you? 'Abel.' Yes, the teacher has recognized you as Abel and sent you out. So you must make it so that you can say to the Cains, 'I am Cain.' Do you understand? 
Now, if you can create about twelve houses that can say, 'Our house is a Cain house, and your house is an Abel house,' how great would that be? Just sitting down while making calls, 'Hello, I just came back from somewhere, and I need to do something in my stead,' and they would say, 'Yes, yes, yes.' How wonderful is that? 'Oh! That person was insulted three years ago, and look how they have become now. Wow, that rascal's activities are good; I want to do that too…' If that happens, how much will it expand? 
Then how will the neighbors react? 'Hey, I am a millionaire and a prominent person in this neighborhood, but they are better than me.' Wouldn’t they say that? 
That’s how it horizontally expands… Reverend Moon is the same, right? When you become the one who commands Reverend Moon, when he says to go to Alaska, you go to Alaska; when he says to go to Africa, you go to Africa; when he says to go overseas, you fly overseas, right? It’s the same. 'Reverend Moon was insulted, but now I see he has become admirable.' Would Americans think that, or not? Business people in America, who operate with organizations and want to profit, would they envy Reverend Moon or not? 
If they ask, 'Why did you become a servant of Reverend Moon?' and you say, 'It’s not for Reverend Moon, but for the world and for God,' how wonderful would that be? 'Wow! They are doing something big.' 
So, it’s not because of Reverend Moon, but for the world and for God… Think about how wonderful that is. 
'Now that Reverend Moon is 60 years old, he will die soon, but these things will remain.' They will say, 'The world will all follow Reverend Moon’s intentions.' Forever… 'Oh, even if the Reverend Moon I opposed dies, he will still remain, so I shouldn’t oppose him anymore.' That’s how they will think. 
So, even if Reverend Moon faces all sorts of insults and storms in the future, and all sorts of things happen, they will hear it in a good way. Do you understand what I mean? Do it for fun. If you don’t do it for fun, you can’t make it. 'The path of Abel is a lonely path. It is the fateful path I must take. If I am going to get beaten anyway, I might as well take all the beatings at once. Oh, I can’t wait ten days to get beaten again. I can’t endure a hundred days. I would rather take all the beatings in one day.' That’s how it is. 
What is the third seven-year course? It is to take the beatings that have been given over two thousand years and take them in twenty years. Go ahead and hit me. It’s to take the twists and turns of two thousand years in twenty years. That’s what the teacher’s third seven-year course is about. After thousands of years of history, there is no sin. Then what should we do? If 240 million American citizens have done wrong, they must repent. They must repent. Will the person repenting say, 'Reverend Moon, listen to us'? They will say, 'Oh, according to your words, all our citizens…' 
This is the standard that can subdue the free world, the communist world, and even established Christians. Reverend Moon has the method to subdue Christianity, the free world, and the communist world. (Applause) Do you understand? 
That is Abel. That is how Abel wins. Do you understand? If it doesn’t work on earth, it will definitely work in the heavenly kingdom, in the spirit world. It will definitely be that way in the spirit world. If you don’t repent here, you will have to repent a thousand times more in the spirit world. Do you understand? The path of Abel is not a path that can always look only at the world. 
That’s why even after a hundred years, the rascal can boast, and even after a thousand years, the rascals can boast even more, and even after ten thousand years, the rascals can boast even more. As long as the descendants of those who persecute remain, the Unification Church will not perish. Heaven cannot let it perish. 
So, when I am persecuted and die, I may die wrapped in a mat in the garden, but the place where my body goes will become a park, and a highway will be built there, and the number of people coming to pay their respects will increase more and more over the years. 
We must become beings who can be welcomed before God when we go to the spirit world. 
Now, what Reverend Moon is talking about today will remain in the historical academic literature in the future. You must know that he has proclaimed an event that cannot be canceled in history. It will not disappear from all literature. It will definitely be in libraries. That’s why many countries and many nations will have to think about that. Do you understand what I mean? 'Yes.' 
The rascal lives with such hope. So, will you walk the way of Abel? 'Yes.' Can I carry the cross of America, the free world, and the communist world? The answer is there. Just as Jesus did, you must carry your own cross and follow me. The way of Abel is that kind of path. The way of Abel is a path that anyone cannot walk. You must follow while carrying your own cross. 
A young person who hopes to succeed in their youth can never become Abel. Or if adults say, 'Oh, I will succeed in my adulthood,' they cannot become Abel. They must think about this for hundreds of years, thousands of years, and in the eternal world… 
So, when you go to find God, God will say, 'Oh, you too…'
Will you be the kind of person who says, "Oh, you came!" or the kind of person who joyfully says, "Oh! You are here! Come in quickly!"? Will you be the person who, with tears in their eyes, says, "Hey, hey, hey, how much have you suffered?" What kind of person will you be? You must be the one who welcomes with tears. Reverend Moon is thinking about this. And not only God, but all the spirits in the spirit world... If spirits who lived in America and faced persecution say, "Oh dear, oh dear, forgive the sins of America," there will be wailing.

How will you approach God? Will you be the sons and daughters who can be welcomed with tears, as God prepares to embrace all of the spirit world, or will you be indifferent, saying, "Come if you want, or don’t come," and send servants to welcome you? Reverend Moon wants to make you into those people who can be welcomed with tears by all the spirit world from God. When you go to the spirit world, God will say, "Ah! Our child is coming!" and will proudly welcome you with open arms. This is what the teacher hopes for. The teacher will go before you. Is that easy? "No." How difficult it will be!

The stream of tears will flow as one with God's tears, the tears of all the saints, the teacher's tears, and your tears, flowing toward the ocean as the main current of the eternal world. Where there is God's joy, there is your joy; your joy is my joy, and it becomes that way. We are moving toward such a world.

What kind of place is the spirit world? People avoid talking about the spirit world because they think it sounds crazy. But let’s talk about it briefly. What kind of world is the spirit world? It is a place where anything is possible if you have a heart that can stand on par with God's heart. Even if millions of people gather in the future, if God says, "Oh! You all change into these new clothes," they can all instantly change into new clothes. Then if God says, "Banquet place, appear!" it will happen immediately. The tables will be adorned with gold and silver decorations, and the chairs will be the same, and everyone sitting there will be intoxicated with joy, happiness, and love, dancing. It is a place where you can dance for a thousand years and still feel joy.

The people of the spirit world suffer for ideals, and the more they suffer, the higher ideals they can achieve. Even if their partner is ugly or has horns... Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." They welcome such a world. In this world... Don’t you want to follow along with your partner in the procession that I and my mother are going to? "I want to follow." It’s not easy.

Now, knowing this, the teacher has come out while receiving persecution, forgetting everything. I know everything. That’s why all the spirits are the teacher's disciples. The teacher has cultivated with truth and spirit. In that world, you know things before you speak. Just by thinking, you know. If I want to be an opera singer, I become an opera singer. If I want to be a poet, I become a poet, and if I want to be a writer, I become a writer; anything is possible.

If you emotionally assimilate the satanic world, you can connect anywhere. The world of the heart is a world of infinite happiness. However, below that, you must step on the stairs of training and re-education, going through infinite trials step by step for millions of years. Everyone must walk this path of destiny. Whether they are Americans, Easterners, presidents, or anyone in the world, they must walk this path... You must be the one who sheds tears for others, not for yourself.

I teach you this because I know it to be true. When will the teacher be able to talk about the experiences of the past? It cannot be spoken of. No matter how much you try to understand, you cannot. Everyone will say, "That Reverend Moon is talking nonsense."

We are preparing to match the rhythm of that world. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." So, seeing this background, you have no reason to doubt Reverend Moon. He is trustworthy. It is something you can believe in without question. Having laid such a foundation, when you die, you will go to that world. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." The teacher is someone who thinks like that. He is someone who has transcended death. He is not afraid of dying. Once you die, you will understand.

Now, if there is a hole in the spirit world from here, there is also a hole in this world. There is a point, a center, in the universe, in the spirit world. I am the tiniest existence on the ground, but compared to the universe, how small am I? Yet, there is a point in this tiny space. Do you see that? Now, what is this heart? It means that this and this are the same. Now, if you enlarge this, it becomes this. When it becomes large, the center of the heart is absolute. Since this is all central, it is the same distance.

That’s why Satan says, "Move your heart this way. This is good," and changes the course. "If you hold the center here and go this way, won’t it be good? It’s bigger than here, so why not? Hold the center here. Isn’t it okay to hold the center here?" This means that the center can be wrong. Satan says, "If you do this, it will be big. Oh, it would be good if you come this way. I will help you. You have no choice. This whole thing is not on your side; it’s on my side. You are all already doomed to fail. Just do as I say," trying to steal hearts and lead them to destruction.

That’s why don’t be wishy-washy. Say, "Go ahead. I will die. Even if I die, I will go. Go ahead. Do as you please. I will die in this heart," and on the day you confront, "Even if you kill me, as long as my heart is alive, you cannot kill me. I will take this heart to the spirit world and graft it there," on that day, God will say, "You invade my heart? You may invade the realm of Satan's heart, but you cannot invade the realm of God's heart; isn’t that the principle of heaven?"

Satan governs the realm of the satanic world, but he cannot govern the realm of heaven. On the day of death, here, in the center of God's love, you will become one. That’s why this heart is not welcomed anywhere in the satanic world. It is the thing it hates the most. God is weighing the heart centered on the spirit world and my heart centered on the world. It becomes the standard of relativity.

So, if you have come to assimilate the satanic world centered on this heart, the whole world will be assimilated. When that happens, there will be no boundaries, and it will become the kingdom of heaven, where there is no one to block you from passing through any of the twelve pearl gates in the east, west, south, or north. They will all welcome you. Do you understand what I mean? You can enter here and go out there, and if you go in here, you can come out there; you can go freely through any of the twelve gates. From here, you can go to any of the twelve gates... Since it’s twelve times twelve, you can go to any of the 144 gates.

Why is that? Because through God's heart, the heart of the kingdom of heaven, everything can become one, and everything can harmonize. When that happens, what will happen? Those who live in the rank that can pass through that gate will say, "Wow! Hooray! God is great!" (Laughter) They will want to follow and will all be happy. If there is something they want to eat, they can eat anything; if there is something they want to wear, they can wear it; if they want to play, they can play; they can do whatever they want. They can experience all the happiness and gratitude that they could not feel in a hundred years on this earth in just a moment.

The seven-year course must be passed through. Therefore, the seven-year period is essential. If you cannot go in seven years, it will be extended to twenty-one years. Do you understand? "Yes." From America, we must go until 1987. Until 1987, you have responsibilities to fulfill. Until that period, America will be in a terrible state. Just wait and see if it’s true or not. They will not be able to manage the church, they will not be able to manage the youth, and they will not be able to manage communism. Centered on youth issues and drug problems, they will realize that "we cannot do without the Unification Church."

They will definitely solve everything. Just wait and see. Do you understand? When the American people reach that point, the communist world will begin to decline from that moment. We will create a situation where communism cannot intervene, and we will be able to manage everything. To do that, we must enter into Canaan welfare from now on. If it’s the Soviet Union, we must enter into the Soviet Union. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Just wait and see if it happens or not. That’s how the principle works.

When Reverend Moon is regarded positively, what do you think will happen? "Reverend Moon is truly wonderful. For young people, Reverend Moon is the leader. To save the church and to save the communist party, we must follow Reverend Moon." When such rumors fill all of America, what will happen? At that time, Reverend Moon will be elsewhere. He will not be here. Then you will be glorified.

God's will cannot be fulfilled globally without unifying the North and South. It will be divided. The false father must be subdued. Do you understand? Who will do that? The Unification Church must do it. America must mobilize all its national power to influence Korea... They must have a good influence, not a bad one, to drive out Kim Il-sung from North Korea, drive out the communist party from China, and drive out the communist party from the Soviet Union.

A global communist party is centered around Korea. It has become a trinity. When viewed from the center of Korea, it is like that. Centered on Kim Il-sung... The borders are connected. Russia, China, and North Korea are all looking over South Korea together. Therefore, America and Japan must unite and...

The blood that the youth of the world shed during the Korean War must be resurrected. It must be said that they died as offerings for the holy war of heaven, and they must be resurrected. The question remains: who will turn the blood shed at that time into holy blood?

There must be a movement to liberate the holy ones who bled and died in that country during the Korean War. The grievances that are bound on the ground must be resolved on the ground. Who will resolve them? The young people of the American Unification Church must do it. The youth of the free world must do it. If it is done before the period is extended, liberation can be achieved without shedding blood, but the longer the period is extended, the more blood must be shed. Blood must be shed. If that is not stopped, all the citizens of the free world will shed blood before communism. Tens of millions will shed blood. Cuba will attack America, and Mexico will attack America. Then the communist parties in the north will attack, and the communist parties in South America will attack.

Does the withdrawal of communism mean that communism will withdraw from Asia? Does it mean that communism will withdraw from Korea? Does it mean that communism will withdraw from Vietnam? No. It will not happen. A more terrifying enemy will arise. That’s why the teacher is busy. Time is urgent. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

The more the American public likes Reverend Moon, the more Korea will completely embrace Reverend Moon and elevate him to hero status. It cannot be wishy-washy; there must be the power to strike down Kim Il-sung against the Korean people and to fight against the communist world.

If Korea is not unified, the free world will perish. How can we unify without shedding blood in Korea? That is possible in the providence of the Unification Church. You may not know that, but the teacher cannot help but lead you to apply it while looking directly at it. You must understand this.

To win the remaining racial wars ahead, home churches must be established.
Well, if God's heart is like that, and the teacher's heart is like that, shouldn't your hearts be the same? Should your hearts be separate? What are you hesitating for? Would you prefer that one of you dies rather than your entire clan and country being destroyed? Would you be okay with America being ruined and the free world collapsing because of your hesitation? This is what would happen to the democratic world and the entire globe.

What remains in the future is a racial war. It is not a national war. It is a racial war. "Let blacks fight whites. The enemy of blacks is whites," this is what the communists will orchestrate. There is a racial war left between Asians and whites. We need to understand this. It is not a national war. Do you understand? The communists can lead globally.

So, we must quickly educate about the Middle East and Africa. We also need to educate about Islam. We must recognize that Khomeini is dancing with the communists while criticizing Islam. The entire black world in Africa is like this, right? From the Middle East to Asia, it is all like this.

So, in religion, the enemy of Islam is Christianity. That monster is the enemy. This is how they are coaching a racial war. When a racial war breaks out, who will stop it? In terms of numbers, it won't be many. It won't even be a third. Considering this, the teacher is advocating that we need to establish the sovereignty of God's love and the crown of the world of love by transcending all races centered on the issue of marriage. Therefore, we need to connect the world with an anti-communist spirit. We need to defend Europe, defend Africa, defend South America, and defend the entire world.

The Unification Church, which the communists hate the most, still holds potential hope from the perspective of the democratic world. Do you understand what I mean? Yes. We need to recognize that a historical turning point, a historical destiny, is approaching us. We must understand that the responsibility to ride over this and digest it lies with the Unification Church.

By the mid-1981, when the third seven-year course ends, it is the teacher's responsibility to send Korean leaders to establish this tradition so that it does not perish. That is why when you join the Unification Church, you are immediately told to undergo a 40-day training and go home church throughout the United States. So, when there are 800,000, we can turn the entire nation of America. It won't even take 800,000. If we consider America to have 70 million households and calculate 360 households, it can be done with 200,000. When that day comes, we can create home churches for the entire American population.

If that happens, the communists will eventually repent, America's immoral love will vanish, and all the American gangsters and terrorists will become mere scarecrows. We can stop communism, and we can prevent youth delinquency and church corruption. The churches are all empty, right? The churches are all empty. They can be completely filled. They can be filled through home churches.

Let’s solve communism, church issues, and youth problems through home churches. Therefore, Americans must repent, and all those who believe in God must also repent. There must be tears of repentance. There must be tears of repentance. So, should we do home churches globally or not? Yes, we must. We need to understand that. Through home churches, we will stop communism, defend against youth delinquency and family breakdown, and protect Christianity from destruction. We must understand that we are doing home churches for that purpose.

Therefore, we should revitalize the church and solve these issues. We need to ignite home churches here, burn down the churches, and ignite the citizens to create a stronghold to defend the America that God desires.

Do you think the State Department will do this? Do you think the Defense Department will do this? No. Do you think the President of the United States can revitalize Christianity? No. No matter how much Oral Roberts or Billy Graham shout, it won't work. Only we, only we can reform youth issues.

Do you realize that the knife of communism is currently stabbing you in the foot? This is the most difficult task in our free world. It is the most difficult task in God's will and the most difficult task in religious history. We are responsible for this most difficult task.

The most difficult thing for God is communism, corrupt churches, and corrupt youth. There is no one to stop this. Therefore, Abel must take on this most difficult task. Abel bears the most difficult responsibility. Do you understand what I mean? Abel must do this. The responsibility to revive the youth of the world, revive established churches, and stop communism lies with Abel. For this enormous mission... Whether you get criticized for fundraising or whatever, that is not the issue. The issue is how to take responsibility for and complete this enormous mission; that is what matters.

If home churches are welcomed in America, they will automatically be welcomed in Korea as well. So, where will the young people wrestle? Just like Jacob wrestled at the Jabbok River, we must fight against the real communists, the real churches, and all the real youth and make them submit. On the day we win this fight, heaven will give us strength. Just like Jacob's hip was struck and broken, we must hold onto home churches and wrestle to win. We must win.

If we achieve victory here, America will welcome us, and the free world will welcome us. On the day we achieve victory here, the communists will retreat from us. To lay that foundation, we must first win through verbal battles. We must defeat communism theoretically. Our theory must be completely established. It is because of our theory that Japan's communism has melted away. That is why they say, "Do not meet Unification Church members. Do not meet them. If you meet them, you won't be able to endure it. Do not engage in theoretical struggles."

At that time, a scientists' conference will be necessary. We will gather scholars from the communist world and defeat them theoretically. Do you understand what I mean? Do you understand how important home churches are? They are the tank base that strikes Satan. Do you think the FBI or CIA will do that? No. The U.S. treats Reverend Moon as an enemy. There may even be agents of the FBI and CIA here in this place. Think about it with your heart. Do you understand what I mean? Yes.

So, do we need home churches? Yes. What you must do here is to set the conditions that Abel has gone through all the indemnity courses for the individual, tribe, nation, and the entire country in this restoration process. That is what God desires. That is the path Abel must take. Therefore, it will be concluded that one cannot go to heaven without going through home churches. Do you understand what I mean? Yes.

Individuals must be restored. They must be persecuted individually, persecuted in their families, persecuted tribally, and face persecution from more than twelve nations in America. They must set the conditions that they have gone through the indemnity course of Abel at the individual level, family level, tribal level, national level, and world level. But do you dislike that?

How much has God suffered to carry out the universal history of Abel since the Fall and throughout human history? He established Judaism and suffered for 4,000 years only to fail, and established Christianity and labored for 2,000 years, but only accomplished indemnity. So, the teacher has worked hard for 20 years to indemnify all of that, and you can't do it in seven years? Even though I have taught you all the ways to win in detail, you can't do it? Christianity has failed, producing many martyrs. The 4,000-year history of Judaism is the same. Still, you can't go? Yes, I will go! I will indemnify the religious history of Abel with my own body!

The teacher has suffered to establish the global indemnity course, but you can't do this little thing, which can be done in a day? If you create a Cain-like home church here, the Abel-like home church will automatically be established. If I receive victorious welcome in America, then home churches will automatically extend to Korea. If America, the Cain realm, welcomes it, then Korea will automatically welcome it too. You must understand that such a destiny is jointly erased.

That is why the teacher has sacrificed everything for the Unification Church... sacrificing Japan, sacrificing Korea, sacrificing Europe, and sacrificing the whole world for America, because America is the Abel realm of the world, and that is why we are investing everything for America. So, you must understand that we are investing everything in America, where many nations are combined...

The people of the Abel realm of Christianity are gathered here. At one time, they were driven out, so they are the Abel of Christianity. That is the principle of heaven. Do you understand what I mean? Yes. Then, in front of Christianity, the Unification Church is Abel. This America stands in the position of Cain and opposes. However, if we are to unite, if we oppose, the world will be divided again. Do you understand what I mean?

So, who must create this? You must create it. Cain must say, "Ah, you are Abel. You who do home church are Abel." Do you understand what I mean? Yes. That is the historical battle of judgment. Just like Jacob fought with the angel at the Jabbok River. Just like the Israelite people fought while crossing the Jordan River. You must understand this. On the day we win this, when we welcome without borders and shout for joy...

We are standing at the final battlefield as Abel throughout history. We must start this work in earnest from next year as a seven-year course. Now we must go from 1980. Whatever else happens, if we can shape public opinion in America, and if the American people welcome this, then in seven years, the world will become equal, and the way to solve everything in the world will be wide open.

Now that you understand this content, from that day on... The sooner, the better. It will end within three years. If you think like the teacher, it won't even take three years. It won't even take three months. Do you understand what I mean? Yes.

As we enter 1980, we must decide, "Oh, I understand well. Even if the teacher is not here, we will do it. As Abel, I will fulfill my responsibility." We must think that we can establish a tradition in home church history. How pleased and envious God, the spirit world, Jesus, and the disciples of Jesus will be.

Now the path Abel must take has become clear. We have clearly understood what Abel is and what Cain is. You must all know whether you are in the position of Cain or Abel. Do you understand what I mean? Yes. If the whites do not take this path, and if the black people do, then the black people will become Abel. Then, in the future, the whites must all submit to the blacks. Therefore, they must be made to suffer more than the whites.

You must understand that the black people have walked the path of slavery in the heavenly indemnity course, in the history of Abel in this country. It was you black people who founded this country, not the whites. It was not the whites. It was the blacks. First, the blacks were sacrificed, and then the Indians were all sacrificed. If a fight breaks out, the blacks will take revenge, and if the colored races fight against the white race, do you think the whites will be left alone? Do you understand that? Yes.

Why did Reverend Moon come here? The Indians are actually like our cousins. In terms of nations, they are cousins and brothers. Since they are all going to die, I must come and stop them. I did not come to take revenge; I came to save and reconcile.

Who will do such a thing? Will a white person do it, or will a black person do it? That won't work. It won't work. They won't listen to the words of whites, nor will they listen to the words of blacks. "We, the colored races who have been exterminated here, forgive this America, which is our enemy, so you also forgive." That is how the blacks will listen. "I will forgive your enemy, who is more than the enemy of the yellow race, the enemy of the Indians, and the enemy of the Asians, so you also forgive." Then it will connect. For what purpose? Historically, that is the path Abel takes.

Home churches are the final method. It has come to the time when anyone can receive the benefits of participating in the Abel realm, so nowadays, black people are receiving blessings. Renowned positions in the world are being occupied by black people. In America, all the famous athletes and prominent figures are black. Even in American football, half of them are black. How many black people are there? If only Unification Thought enters there, I can make black people greater than any genius or doctor, better than American doctors. I will instill in them the thought of supporting ideas that do not yield to whites, and I will make them help the entire white world. Do you understand what I mean? Yes. Reverend Moon is doing that now.

Then, the racial war will begin to distort from America. In the future, the communists are said to be 150,000 to 300,000 in Nevada, and they will create a communist state by concentrating all the communists in a place like Nevada and say, "Ah, the central government is a dual nation, and it exploits us doubly, so we will withdraw from the central government." What will happen then? If Nevada becomes 300,000, they will make the entire state government communist and say, "We only need our state. The central government only collects taxes and exploits us doubly, so we don't need it." If three such states arise, America will be shattered. If three such states arise, America will... It is simple. It is simple. Is there a guarantee that the central government will remain?

Today, Iran is a small peninsula country, and even in such a country, there are wealthy people who cannot move against the communists and are all retreating. Do you think about such things? If we incite a racial war there, mobilizing blacks to "take revenge," we will provide them with weapons, clothes, knives, and money... Guns can be bought in abundance. We are already worried that the racial issue will definitely turn out like this, and we are trying to defend against it. Because of this, both blacks and whites will be saved. That is how it should be. Otherwise, both will perish.

Therefore, we Unification Church members will become sacrificial offerings. The offerings for indemnity must not be forced. They must be voluntary. They must be voluntary. Otherwise, they cannot be offerings. Isaac did not rebel when he was to be offered as a sacrifice by his father Abraham, and that is why he received Abraham's blessing. When he was twelve years old, when his father was about to stab him to death with a knife, he could have opposed it by asking, "Why are you doing this?" However, he must not oppose. He must become a symbol of the lamb, a lamb-like offering. Do you understand what I mean? Yes. That is the difficulty. Without that, there is no way to survive.
This is a significant matter. You must understand that the heavens have taken full responsibility for the history of Abel. 

When you look at this, how petty have you all thought until now? How displeasing would it be for God to see this? Is this what it means to be human? Think about it. How embarrassing it is before heaven, and how shameful it is before the teacher? Think about it. Do you understand the current position of the United States? "Yes." That’s why we need to prevent this with what? What is the ultimate method? "Home church." It’s home church. Before the time of attack, we must be busy. We don’t know when the attack will come. It is already happening. 

The path that goes for the whole is the path of Abel. I believe that if I educate 30,000 people here by 1978 and arrange them, this work can be completely possible even without the teacher. If one person can train ten people in three years, that would exceed 300,000, which means they can be deployed all over America. Then, I believe they will all fall under the home church authority. So, will you be busy or not? Answer me. Will you have a moment to rest, everyone? "No." 

Since the church couldn’t do it, we had to put forward the CARP and started from 1977. We tried to do this from 1977 to 1980, but because the Americans couldn’t take responsibility, we had no choice but to put forward Tiger Park. Now, it’s about fighting against the communists. Go find the pastors of the established churches who are fighting. Go to places where there are gangsters, and go to all the places of vice. 

CARP students must be brave because they are students. That is common sense. While it may be difficult for religious people, students must be brave. And home church members must now engage in activities that do not lose to CARP. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." We must have such strategies and engage in such fights. 

This is not for the Unification Church. It is for the established church, for the youth, for the communists, and for America; it is not for the Unification Church at all. It is not about fighting for the Unification Church. Abel does not suffer for himself. The path Abel takes is for the whole. The Unification Church does not go for Abel. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

What relationship do I have with America? Am I an American citizen? Am I doing this to get a meal here, or because I like this house? If I wanted a house, I could build a good one right away, and I could buy twelve or a hundred Lincoln cars, and I could have anything. I could eat the best steak piled up every day until it rots. 

So, what am I doing here? I am doing this for the whole. It is not for the Unification Church; it is for the world. What is that? It is the path of Abel, the right path of Abel. Do you understand? The right path, the right path, the right path of Abel... From the perspective of God’s restoration providence, you surely understand that the path Abel takes is the right path, right? 

Now, everyone, thinking "I must go through three years to receive blessings" is not the path Abel takes. Thinking "If I do fundraising for the church, good things will come to me" is also not the path Abel takes. "If I sacrifice like this, the nation will be better, and the greater world will be better" — that is Abel’s thought and the path Abel takes. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

The fallen Cain authority has no right to say to God, "Please do this for me." It is something to be ashamed of, and it is a burden of shame that one cannot even repent. Even if you struggle and shed tears, do not shed tears for yourself; shed tears for heaven. If you are to shed tears, you must shed them for heaven, for America, for the world. Do not cry for yourself; you must shed tears for heaven. You must be able to cry for your nation, for the world, and for God. 

If you are opposed and angry, think about how angry God is and how angry humanity is, and cry out loud. You must comfort God. Do you understand what I mean? You must not shed tears for yourself. If you cry for yourself, it is just a formality. If there is a scene where you can shed tears, you should be able to say, "God, how much effort you put into the restoration providence! How difficult it must be for future humanity to walk this path!" and cry instead. 

If you want to complain, say, "Oh, this people! The cursed people who cannot believe in heaven! How can they not know God?" and complain on behalf of the nation, the world, and the true world of humanity. That kind of complaint resonates. That’s why I do not hate Carter out of personal feelings. It is for the world and in the name of God... Personally, I am nothing. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

So, don’t you have times when you feel sad? There are times when I feel sad. There are many times I want to wail. At such times, hold on to God and say, "How sad have you been compared to me? How sad must your beloved sons and daughters be? How sad must the path of restoration that humanity must walk be?" And then shed tears. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You do not shed trivial tears for yourself. That is the path Abel takes. 

When Jesus was to die on the cross, he shed tears saying, "God, please forgive the enemy Romans." He shed tears saying, "Do not grieve for me." He asked for forgiveness, didn’t he? Would he have shed tears or not? But he complained about the cross. He said, "After I die, many people will die for God and for humanity, so this cross is unjust." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

You can curse Reverend Moon. "You have not taken responsibility for heaven and the world, so I complain." Say it to the teacher. When you say, "I will do better than Reverend Moon," then complain. Do you understand what I mean? 

Do not fight for yourself; fight for God and the world. You must fight for America and the world. You must not fight for yourself. You must be willing to go to the place of death for God and for the world. You must not fight for yourself. David, who went out before Goliath, did not fight for himself. He fought for God and Judaism. That is why God was with him. Fighting for oneself is a sin. When you fight for yourself, God does not accompany you. The reason Reverend Moon wears clothes is not because of Reverend Moon’s body. He wears them as a leader of the Unification Church for the church's prestige or face. The reason I wear a suit, tie, and live in East Garden is for that reason. Do you understand? The American president living in the White House is all for this. You must live for the world. 

In the family, who is Abel? He is not someone who fights for himself; he is someone who fights for his brother and parents. The owner of that family is Abel. When you see this, the same logic applies to the Unification Church itself. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You must understand Abel's tradition. 

Now, do you understand this tradition? If you quietly become a sacrifice and go after everything, even if I dislike all the blessings, God will pile them up for me. I have gathered a lot of money and done all good things, but I have done nothing for myself. None of the church's property is in my name. I am not giving these clothes to my children; I plan to share them with the church members after wearing them. 

Then do you understand what Abel's house is? Abel's house? Everyone living in the Unification Church in East Garden must live with such thoughts. Even in this world, you must educate your sons and daughters in such a way. I think that God comes not to protect Reverend Moon but to protect Reverend Moon for heaven and the people of the world. He is doing it on behalf of all humanity. 

That is why I do not rebuke those who are in East Garden. I do not rebuke them. Even while eating, I do not rebuke them. This is the responsibility of heaven. They are not here for me; they are here for humanity. Do you understand what I mean? Their mindset is all like that. 

Even if I go to see something nice, I absolutely do not go alone. I take the Cains with me. Even if there are three people, I lead them, and I never go alone. Nowadays, there are guards, so the guards naturally take their place. That is the tradition of Abel. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." When Christmas comes, I do things for my family first before doing anything for my children. That is how I live. So, the Unification Church members must do things for me, and God must do things for me. That is why Unification Church members try to put their hearts into Reverend Moon, and the conclusion comes that God is trying to help me. 

Abel's tradition. 

That way, there will be no complaints. That is the principle. Therefore, in my generation, there will be no destruction. I will not die at all. Wherever I go, I think there will be companions when I die, and there will be people shedding tears for me. Is it wrong to know that? "No." Wherever I go, even if I go to Africa, within three months, there will be someone who will give their life for me. Even if I go to South America or anywhere else, if I go alone, within three months, such a person will emerge. Because of the tradition of Abel, I survive. If I were wrong, I would not survive, and all the saints who died and were sacrificed on the foundation of restoration providence would have nothing left. 

Confucius and Buddha were opposed, and after they all died, the people of the world exalted them. It is the people of the world who exalt them. Historians did not know why this happened. You have now surely understood that this is because of the tradition of Cain and Abel history. God establishes it, and future humanity establishes it. It is because they worked for God and for humanity. 

When I crossed the 38th parallel to go to the North, I thought it would be difficult to live. Nevertheless, I thought I was crossing for the free world and God. I went to Korea this time, but Korea is in big trouble. That is why I went. I had no plans to go, nor did I have the desire to go, but I went and came back for the world, for God, and for Korea. 

There was a crisis that could turn the nation and the world upside down, but because of my intuition... Heaven became the center, and the Carter administration took urgent measures. Because Reverend Moon was sent first, heaven established its prestige, and I think that is how such conditions were made. After President Park’s death, the United States took urgent measures to defend, and this happened in such a strange environment. It was because there was something that heaven could accompany. I shed tears and earnestly prayed for the future of this nation and for humanity. 

On the day I buried President Park in Korea, if I had not left, it would have been difficult to come out. I prayed with tears, "Heaven, please take responsibility for Korea." I shed tears for God, for humanity, for the free world, and for Korea. You must understand that. "Kim Il-sung, you bastard! To invade this land that I love so much, you must have a heart that loves it more than I do!" After praying like that, I got on the plane and came out. And when I came out, I cannot express how light my heart felt. I said that Korea must get through until April next year. As soon as I arrived, I said, "Korea is in crisis until April next year. Pray." I said that as soon as I arrived, and then such an incident happened. I said there is a crisis in the country. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Meeting Nixon and all that was not because of Reverend Moon. It was for the world and for God. Supporting Nixon was not for Nixon personally or for me and the Unification Church. It was for the authority of God and for the authority of the free world in the future. 

How much has the free world suffered after pushing Nixon out? How much has the communist world benefited, and how much has the free world lost? Do you know that? "Yes." When I curse the American people, I do it in the name of God and in the name of humanity. Do you understand? You must know that Reverend Moon works for you, for humanity, and for God. That is Abel's church, Abel's house. The one who sacrifices is also responsible for it, and the one who resurrects and sends to heaven is also responsible for it. I am not responsible for it. That is the path Abel takes. 

The Unification Church cannot make excuses for itself. When I say to fight, it is not for you or for the Unification Church. It is because it harms humanity and is before God that I say to fight. You must clearly understand this. It is because the benefit of God comes and the benefit of humanity comes that I command you to fight. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." It is not to fight for me or for Reverend Moon. It is for God and humanity... 

Making a movie was also for the will of God and for the free world. 

So, what did Reverend Moon do wrong before God, and what did he do wrong before humanity? Look at it. 

How many of you know that I made a movie? Raise your hands. Not many, right? I made it with 30 million dollars in cash. It is more than the assets of the Unification Church in Korea and the assets in the United States. Of course, if you add the bank debts, it is more, but if you count it as cash, that is the amount. 

What do you think I would do by making that movie? Do you think I would think of making a profit from it? If that were the case, I would be a thief. What kind of fool would make a movie in that narrow place? Why would I throw that much money into the air for three months? Where would you find a madman like that? Would you do it for the Unification Church? "No." Besides, do we have a movie company or has anyone ever made a movie? We have nothing. 

Wouldn’t it be better if we used an American? Instead, we are using Japanese people. That’s why it seems crazy. I wish we could have caught American youth, but we are using Japanese youth. This Japanese youth, Ishii, cannot even write the word "movie" in English. He doesn’t know English. The only English he knows is "thank you." How difficult it must be for those people to enter the movie industry and deal with rich people and bankers in Hollywood! How difficult it must be! In Hollywood, they are all saying, "Look at that kid!" That is the path Abel takes. It is the process of going to the world.
Alright, can the person in charge sleep? They call people and spend money, but they have to supervise; can they sleep at night? Will they have time to eat? They just pace back and forth because it's a big deal. And then the teacher gives them a shout... That's why it's a big deal both inside and out. And in Hollywood, since we don't know anything, they try to deceive us, and everyone we meet is trying to deceive us. Three months go by, and everyone is saying, "Let's deceive them."

The actors were gathered from 25 countries, totaling 400 people. Why was that? Because during the Korean War, soldiers from 16 countries came and went, so they needed to prepare for all those soldiers. That's why Ishii went into their countries and gathered people. They prepared everything, but they were carrying people from 25 countries who couldn't even speak. They were mute. (Laughter) Even when the person in charge talks to the directors, it's through an interpreter, and when it's time to go to the bathroom, they can't speak and just blink their eyes... Just think about what kind of riddle that is.

Would they do this for money? Does Ishii do this to make money? If that were the case, he would have run away by now. What the teacher teaches is for the will of God and for the love of the free world. I would spend more money for this purpose than any movie company in Hollywood has made so far. This is done in the name of God, for God, for America, and absolutely necessary for the free world. So, when you look at that, was the Cain movie tradition right or wrong? You must follow the path of Abel's tradition.

If I say, "Let's go to Las Vegas," then we go to Las Vegas. It's not for American companies, but to entertain in Las Vegas for the world and God's will. Therefore, there arises the logic that we must walk the Abel-like path in Las Vegas. Then, even if Reverend Moon gambles, it is not a sin. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes," that's the kind of thought I have.

That's why when I go on vacation, I return within 24 hours. I don't sleep. Do you understand what that means? "Yes," ordinary people would laugh. Reverend Moon is going on vacation, having fun, and so on, but that's not the right story. I am investigating the background of Las Vegas. I am investigating.

So, when will we meet? When will we meet! If I get involved, I will buy everything with money. If I can earn money and it is something I can dedicate to heaven, I will do it, and if it is something I can dedicate to humanity, I will do it.

Who thinks like that? I went out to 8th Avenue, to the red-light district, and said, "You all are having fun. I will appear again, so let's see." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

We must establish the path of Abel. So how hard is that? Making movies is not for the Unification Church but for the world. Making newspapers is also for the world. Isn't that right? With that money, we could buy several big buildings in all 50 states of America, but we are spending it. Didn't you think about that? That is living for the Unification Church and spending for the Unification Church, but this is spending for the free world and God.

Because I do this based on such a tradition, I will not be accused before God and humanity, nor will I be accused by Unification Church members. I will not feel guilty in my conscience. Even if there is a deficit and I can't recover a single penny, I will not feel regret. I have decided to set the standard of ideology in Hollywood, and this must continue even after I die.

So what will I do? I will create a global university in Hollywood. This place, which is a den of vice, a den of drugs, and a den of free sex, is being followed by people from all over the world, so we cannot leave it as it is.

Even if it makes you suffer, I will not feel guilty in my conscience. Do you understand? This is to establish the path of Abel's tradition, and you must follow it. Is Abel's tradition wrong? "No."

America must help Asia and Black people according to the law of indemnity. America must create weapons to not lose to communism, and that is not for America but for the world and God; it is Reverend Moon's assertion that America must have more military power than the Soviet Union. Therefore, America must prepare for the world and for God's will, not for itself, but to protect the free world. That perspective is Reverend Moon's view on the policy direction towards America from Abel's standpoint.

Instead, we do not attack first. When communism attacks... America does not even know that it is just worried about what the communist forces are doing and wasting money. Recently, it seems they have realized, as the Defense Department is saying, "Oh, we need to rearm the military." But the time is too late. Do you understand what I mean?

In this interpretation, "The sacrifice of the yellow-skinned American Indians was due to this Abel's tradition. The American people sacrificed you as offerings for the future world of God and humanity," and then you say, "Ah!" It was not a sacrifice for America but for God and humanity, for the holy will to build a world of freedom and peace for humanity.

So what about the dead? They became offerings. America has historically borne that responsibility, and it must repay this to the yellow-skinned people. However, America does not have the qualification to repay this to the Indians from a global perspective, and it cannot do so, so the game of repayment has unfolded towards Asia. Therefore, many young Americans must pay the price of sacrifice. They must return through indemnity. Since there are not many Indian people, they cannot repay them. So they repay by participating in the Korean War centered around Korea, the free world.

That is why Reverend Moon has a responsibility to repay to America. Also, when I was in prison, American citizens came and liberated me. So I am here sweating and working for this country. History unfolds like this through the law of indemnity. Therefore, the Unification Church is doing this work.

We must go for God and for humanity. Be thankful for life and go. Do you understand? That's how it is. Next, since you have received a favor from the Korean people, just like Reverend Moon worked for the freedom of America and its independence, you must go to Korea for the liberation of Korea and the Korean people. Since I have life, even if I die, I must go to Korea again.

Your hearts must go to Korea. More than the external American military going to Korea to help Korea, you must internally support Korea even more. Isn't that right? "Yes." Even now, it's true. All American girls want to marry Korean men, and American boys want to marry Korean women. Why is that? Why do American men want to marry Korean women? That is a bond formed inside and out. Through that, they can indemnify the inability to love and unite with the Indians. Is that explanation correct? The teacher sees it that way. He views American history with a providential perspective.

So, when you look at it this way, it also forgives Black people. When you are within the will... To create a country called America, Asians offered their blood as sacrifices, and Blacks offered their bodies as sacrifices. But can Blacks protest against the offering of their bodies? Can you oppose this interpretation? This is how it is interpreted. Therefore, America must help Africa. America must help Africa. Even materially, it must help. Since America has profited from the blood of Blacks to create material wealth, America has a responsibility to help the Black world in Africa. That is Reverend Moon's perspective and providential viewpoint. Even if a person cannot go and sacrifice, they must send material to restore. This is how white people can indemnify the sacrifice of Blacks in America.

White people must be prepared to become sacrifices with their bodies in Korea and stand in front of new bullets to indemnify what they did to the Indians at the end of those bullets. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." The places where young Americans bled in Asia to indemnify are providentially important places. That place concludes that it is an important center of God's providence.

Such places are important in the will of God's providence, and since they bled in Korea, it concludes that Korea is a central point of important providence. The law of cause and effect must be correct.

America must inherit the tradition of fighting against communism from the Unification Church. And what about Korea? Korea is a place where blood was shed in the name of God and humanity by communism. Therefore, the day America withdraws from Korea, the free world will perish, and America will perish. It will perish to communism. If America gives up Korea, it must pay back dozens of times. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." If America turns its back on God's teachings, it will perish.

So, why must America hold onto Korea? What benefit does America gain by holding onto Korea? There is no benefit at all. Inheriting the tradition of fighting against communism is more precious than anything else. The Korean people fought and sacrificed more than Americans, and they are still trying to defeat communism. This must become America's future tradition. America must inherit that tradition to survive. Do you understand what I mean? That is Reverend Moon's responsibility towards America.

Who is doing that? No one is doing it, so I have come... I am providing the ideological armament that Korea must have, and I am fighting against communism in Japan. I have come to pass on this tradition to you. I have come to pass this on to the people of America, the military, the State Department, and the Defense Department. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

So we must be strong in military power and strong in ideology. Since communism is in a position like materialistic religion, we must establish a tradition of loving God more than communism. That is why Reverend Moon has come forth.

I am telling everyone to learn karate and create dojos. This is not to protect my body. Our Unification Church members are not learning to protect my body but to protect the world and God. Do you understand? "Yes." Everything will be neatly organized through history and justice.

In the future, if the Soviet communists invade Africa, and you volunteer, "Teacher, I will take a gun and go to fight in Africa," then I will say, "Okay." When you decide to go to Africa to fight for God and the world, should Reverend Moon tell you not to go or to go? "You should tell us to go." Otherwise, you must understand that there will be no one to manage this world. There will be no one to unify this world. It concludes that even God cannot fulfill His will.

American people, you must walk the path of death to save America, which is perishing. If an American police officer values his life so much that he does not want to catch criminals or murderers and runs away to protect himself, saying, "Oh, I'm a police officer, let's run away," those police officers are all doomed. If I became a police officer for America, not for myself, but to establish the law of God's justice, even if I die, heaven will remember me.

Because of the Unification Church's ideology, in the future, when FBI agents or police officers all run away, the only place they will volunteer to go is the Unification Church. Is that a wrong thought? "No." Is Reverend Moon a violent person? Is he someone who wants to do politics? "No." I am trying to cut out the world's pain for humanity and to establish Abel's tradition. I am going for the sake of establishing this Abel's tradition and leaving this tradition behind.

When I met all the senators in the U.S. Congress and the members of the House of Representatives, I found that there is not a single congressman who says, "I am a senator or a representative for America and the free world. I am not a congressman for my personal gain." There are no congressmen who want to work for America and the free world. Therefore, America's future is hopeless.

That is why I am finally educating. If education does not work, I will continue to fight. This is not for the Unification Church. It is not for Reverend Moon. If that is bad, then the President of the United States, the senators, should bring the FBI and CIA to capture Reverend Moon. Otherwise, the leaders must come and repent to me. But they tried to capture me and kill me; they hated me. They tried to make me disappear without a sound. Was the teacher's story wrong? "No." If it is wrong, then speak up. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

You, who have inherited the blood of America, must find the path of death before Reverend Moon speaks, seeing America perishing. You must find the place to die. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Why do I forget to sleep and do this for almost ten hours? Is it to make you suffer? "No."

Even if I die, I must leave behind a tradition. If I die, heaven, this earth, and humanity will shed tears. Perhaps Reverend Moon is that serious. Who would have thought that history would unfold like this, that providence would go this way, that the world would develop like this? I am doing things that no one expected, and I am confidently pushing forward.

In the future, you must be alert.

Now, let the American people listen to Reverend Moon's ten-hour sermon through television broadcasts. Will America perish or not? Then, it is certain that gasoline can explode; it is astonishing. It is astonishing. Do you think that? "Yes." Does a university professor say such things? Does any politician say such things? Does any economist say such things? Only this so-called heretical leader, Reverend Moon, is saying such things.

Will you sleep? Will you eat and rest? If America perishes as Reverend Moon said, Reverend Moon's words will be remembered by the people for a thousand years or hundreds of years... Do you understand what that means? "Yes." In this situation, what is difficult, what is what? Do you understand now? "Yes." What path have you walked until now? Haven't you walked the path that the teacher has already paved?

So, even if Reverend Moon has gone to a place where he could perish, he has not perished, and you will absolutely not perish either. America will not perish. The free world will not perish. That is the evidence of Reverend Moon's experiment. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

When you look at it this way, "God! Please help Reverend Moon. Today humanity opposed Reverend Moon, but the young people are willing to dedicate their lives to him..."
The conclusion is that we must uphold the meaning. So, the diverse races are in turmoil centered around Reverend Moon. Parents are kidnapping their children, claiming they will deprogram them. That is the truth. Because of this, Reverend Moon is concluded to be a person who is with God and carries out the will of heaven. This can be realized through evidence in the realm of life that we feel in reality.

From now on, you must keep your spirits up. Young people are in the Abel position. In a democratic country, they are Abel. The older people, the parents, are Cain, and you are Abel. That is why you are seeking globalism. American youth are seeking globalism. If your parents are Cain, then you are Abel. Your parents are pragmatists, reconciled with individualism, but we are for the whole, for the purpose of the whole. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

We are not people who prioritize American culture, but those who prioritize world culture and God's culture. This is different. We are establishing the era of Godism. (Applause) 

The path Abel takes is understood only after walking it. After Reverend Moon leaves America, the American people will understand. They will say, "Come back," even though they know nothing now. Do you understand what I mean? 

Therefore, we must establish the tradition and culture of Abel. The American people must create Abel culture and live culturally. What does that mean? It means living not for oneself but for others. That is why God praises us and humanity praises us. Do you understand clearly? "Yes." 

You must forget the period of suffering that the teacher faced in his 50s. You must head towards the joy of hope, offering the altar of living Abelistic victory before the Father, and you must understand that this is the hope of the 1980s. 

Even if someone strikes you or kicks you, do not think about that; you must automatically decide to go that way, automatically say, "I have become that." You must declare that even if someone says otherwise. When you become like that, a great storm of new creative history will explode in America. It will be like a volcano erupting. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

In the 1980s, approach home church with a new determination. 

Now, let’s give it a try in the 1980s. "Yes." How many hours has the teacher spoken? Ten hours, right? Now look. The Abels seen through providence are important. That is why the teacher sees you with this perspective. I see you from this viewpoint. Those responsible! You there! How many years have you been in the Unification Church? What have you done? For whom have you done it? 

So, what do you think? Do you think you can unify the world with thoughts like these? "No." Because you think that way, Reverend Moon thinks that way, and God thinks that way. That is the truth. 

Now, think about it. Consider how many years you have been in the Unification Church and for whom you have lived. It’s astonishing. Do you understand what position you are in? "Yes." From now on, do you understand why I must do home church? "Yes." This is the greatest war in the historical age. Do you understand, Wonpil? "Yes." In the 1980s, we must do home church with a new determination. 

The teacher's thought is to establish a tradition starting from America. A new tradition created in America will raise the first wind in the world. Now, there is a year and a half left in the third seven-year course, and during this time, you must establish a tradition. "It was worthwhile for the Korean teacher to speak for ten hours today." You must strive to make it so. 

After spending two nights, we will welcome the first day of the lunar new year in the 1980s. Then, the teacher's responsibility will end in America. You all can do it even without the teacher, right? "Yes." I want to be in America, but now the time has come when I can go anywhere freely. Until now, I had no freedom, but from now on, I have freedom. I have finally entered a stage where I can live freely after turning 60. Also, God will not say, "You do this or that" because Reverend Moon could not take responsibility. It is okay not to do it. 

If the American people believe in that ideology, America will become a nation with the power to save the Soviet Union and the world. This is historical evidence. If I just pass on this ideology, God will not need to send me elsewhere to do it. You will all do it. 

Whether in business or any other endeavor, it must be for the world, for God, and for humanity. Then, can there be any corruption in that company or workplace? "No." It is a great ideology for democracy. Do you understand? "Yes." Now, you understand without needing further explanation. 

Until now, we have come with desperate steps, but in the 1980s, we must voluntarily overcome the challenges with hope and aspiration. "Yes." Thank you very much. (Applause) 

Home church is the base of heaven. 

[Prayer] 
Beloved Father! A historic moment has just passed as we leave 1979 and the 1970s behind. Now, on this solemn day marking the new beginning of the 1980s, we sincerely thank you for the blessings of praise as we welcome the new year. 

Beloved Father! Among many nations, please remember the poor nation of Korea. I recall once again your historical efforts in sending and raising this child in a poor position within Korea. From the foolish days of my youth through my teenage years, I did not understand your will as you worried about this child’s future and planned with hope. As I matured, you helped me realize what the will of heaven is and that the center of heaven is the human Father. I sincerely thank you for your efforts in teaching me many things through the difficult path of labor. 

As I passed through my teenage years and approached my twenties, I am grateful for the tumultuous youth I experienced during the historical path of indemnity. 

From my twenties to my thirties, I remember the solemn prayers I offered before you, worrying about the fate of Korea and the destiny of our nation, which seemed to be leaning towards despair, while hoping for the day of liberation. 

With the liberation of Korea, your mission to raise a new light in Asia was upon that nation and that land, and I realized that this mission was also upon this unworthy child. I feel once again how heavy the mission and responsibility were, knowing that I had to face difficult circumstances while worrying about the future. 

Father! Centered on Christianity, you raised the banner of providence to resolve the historical grievances of 6,000 years and hoped for the sound of the victory of the heavenly nation to ring throughout the universe. Many people who were prepared and sent to fulfill your will, who remained in unspoken tears, should have praised the glorious day on behalf of the church, the family, the nation, and the world. However, they could not fulfill even 5 percent of their human responsibility and fell into the pit of historical grievances, unknowingly heading towards death. 

As I reflect on these facts, I realize that I have always faced sad outcomes and had to sigh in solitude. The stories of your suffering come to mind once again. 

Thinking about the many people you prepared and sent, who had to face opposition on the path of your will, I wonder how much pain you must feel when you see this unworthy child going through all these hardships. Every time I think about the historical grievances that arise again, I recall the times I appealed to heaven. 

Because of this, the many denominations you prepared over 6,000 years have taken a different direction and embraced Satan, while this lonely child, who carries the will of heaven, had to embark on a lonely journey, crossing the 38th parallel. I recall the historical facts that I had to affirm my final path in the deep valley of death. 

I remember the glorious day of October 14, 1950, when you lowered the flag of love and allowed us to feel the joy of life and shout in glory. 

From that time, the sorrowful land of South Korea, unable to abandon the painful Christianity, returned to that place, and I reflect on the historical path of persecution over the ten years until the holy wedding in 1960. 

In a hall in Cheongpah-dong, noble groups gathered, kneeling before you and celebrating the holy wedding in 1960. That time could be declared as a historic moment of re-launch. From that day, a new 21-year course and the proclamation of the third seven-year course began, and people wondered if the path of historical victory could truly be paved, thinking it was like a dream. I remember that time as if it were yesterday. 

In the first seven-year course, while paving the way for the mother, I sought to establish the days of parents, children, and all things that Adam and Eve lost, and I was able to celebrate God's Day in 1968 with joy. I recall those past days as if they were yesterday. 

From there, until the second seven-year course, as we headed towards the 1970s, we had to establish family altars for the nation and the world, and those days when blessed families had to be driven out into the streets evoke new feelings in my heart. 

When I think about these facts, such things must not happen again. Such a position is not desired by anyone. Because the nation could not take responsibility and the church could not take responsibility, the family stood on the path of the cross, shedding tears for their children and husbands, yet during those three years until 1972, I had to weep for the nation and the established church. 

From there, I built the foundation of the victorious tribal altar blessed by the family before the nation, and I had to leave the path of world activities, preparing for the start of the third seven-year course from 1971 through 1974. 

Towards this foreign land, centered on America, the heart of the democratic world, I remember blowing the trumpet of full-scale advancement as if it were yesterday, and I realize that seven years have already passed. Father! There have been many stories during that time. You have led us through difficult battles, but you have called us to a place where we can surely achieve victory, and I thank you for that. 

This glorious victory is not ours today, nor is it this child's. It belongs to no one. It is your victory, and I cannot help but praise it once again. 

Now, we have already passed through the sorrowful struggles of the third seven-year course. Father! I thank you for allowing us to reach the limit where we can achieve a successful conclusion by 1976, and now we must welcome the 1980s as a year of hope and aspiration. If the 1970s were years of oppression, tears, and grievances, the 1980s must be a year of upliftment, hope, and praise, and we must become a group that can raise our faces before you, proclaiming that the Unification Church has received the sunlight of glory in the world. 

Now, as we welcome this new year of 1980, I pray that you bless us, Father, and that from now on, you hold the free world of America completely in your hands. 

From now on, may you raise the shining flag of victory over the battlefield you have left behind and demonstrate the power of resurrection of life, trampling upon the authority of death and raising the banner of glory. Thus, may you resolve the grievances of 6,000 years, the grievances of 2,000 years of Christian martyrdom, and the grievances of the historical path centered on the Unification Church. Father, I earnestly hope and wish for this. 

On this day, your children gathered here, from diverse races, kneel before you, Father, so please have mercy on us. Do not let us have hearts that act according to our own will. Let us become those who have hearts that can act according to your will, and we must not become shameful children like those of the 1970s. By fulfilling all the unfinished standards left in the 1970s, we must shed the shameful identity of children. 

By fulfilling our responsibilities in the 1980s, we must become sons and daughters who can appear with the glory of children. 

Yesterday, we listened for a long time about the righteous path that Abel must take. Now that we clearly know what path Abel must take, we must march forward with a shining determination from this new foundation. The 1980s must be a Unification Church that shines with your morning sunlight and can spread out into the world. I earnestly hope and wish for your blessings. 

Now, as we welcome this new year of 1980, may it be a year in which each of us resolves to create a base of the heavenly kingdom, as the slogan for this year is "Home Church is the Base of Heaven." May this year be a year in which we each create our own resting place. 

Now, from this new beginning in 1980, for the next ten years… When we think about what foundation our Unification Church will have after this ten-year period, we know that as our efforts and struggles intensify, the emotional foundation will expand, and the victorious results will be revealed throughout the world. Therefore, may we become a group that does not complain about investing everything and sincerely offers ourselves as living sacrifices before you. 

Allow us to be a group that advances boldly and confidently without hesitation. I earnestly ask and wish for this. 

I earnestly ask for your blessings on this day. May your grace and love be with us in all things. Remembering this time in Korea, Japan, America, and the 127 countries around the world, I earnestly ask that your heavenly blessing be upon all your children who honor this place. I pray all these things in the name of True Parents. Amen. 

[Message] 
The unforgettable 1970s in the Unification Church have just passed, and we are now welcoming the hopeful 1980s. As you have learned from the Principle, the number 8 signifies a new beginning, a number that can bring new hope. I hope this year will be such a year. 

Now, where will the Unification Church and its members go in the 1980s?
As we speak, starting this year, we must fully develop home church activities. From the perspective of the original meaning, once the third seven-year course ends, a complete home church system should be established. That is the essence of the mission. Last year, you spent the year with the slogan 'Completion of Heaven through Home Church,' and this year, we plan to move forward with the slogan 'Home Church is the Base of Heaven.' Without home church, heaven cannot be realized. Without home church, nothing can be accomplished. Home church is the base of heaven. What is heaven? Heaven is a place of rest, a place where happiness dwells, a place where love resides, and a peaceful place.

From this year, we must actively develop home church activities. Then, will I be the only one to rest? Of course, I must be there, and parents must be there, families must be there, children must be there, tribes must be there, and nations must be there. The entire world is included in this. No matter how much I want to rest as an individual, if my parents cannot rest, if my wife cannot rest, and if my children cannot rest, then I cannot rest.

In our Unification Church, you think you are with the True Parents. If those True Parents are in a position where they cannot rest, then all the people under those True Parents cannot rest either.

Originally, from the perspective of God's will, as I mentioned the other day, if the Abel-type Unification Church had embraced the Cain-type Christianity, then from that time, 30 years ago, the foundation for rest would have been established historically in the world. If that had happened, along with the manifestation of the True Parents, the standards for true children, true families, true tribes, true nations, and a true world would have been established. 

If that had been the case, the rights for parents, children, tribes, and nations to rest would have been established. If only the national foundation for rest had been established, then all nations in the world would have seen how happy that nation was with its foundation of rest and would have automatically followed suit, seeking their own rights to rest.

However, after the path for Christianity and our Unification Church to unite began to diverge, we could no longer rely on the historical foundation of 2,000 years of Christianity established worldwide.

As a result, what happened? We had to create our own Unification Church and re-establish a foundation that could replace Christianity, from the national level to the global level, and this had to be placed on the foundation of the rights to rest, leading us down this unfortunate path.

The first seven-year course is the time to establish a family foundation centered on the mother. The teacher cannot be centered only on himself... The original start of the Unification Church cannot be done from a national standard. That is the mission. It must start from a family foundation to reach the national level. The Unification Church emerged with the ideal of building heaven, and since heaven is a place where couples and children enter together, it must start from here on earth.

Thus, from the place of all kinds of persecution, where the country and the church oppose everything, going into the satanic world and establishing all conditions for indemnity, we finally welcomed the year 1960, 14 years later, by embracing the mother, allowing the Unification Church to make its official start. Even if the nation opposes and the church opposes, we established a foundation that could push forward that nation and that church, and under that foundation, we embraced the mother. 

However, even when we embraced the mother, she could not immediately live with the teacher after getting married. Just as you have a three-year period after marriage, there is a history of coming into the family from the outside. All of you walking the path of principle are going through that same path. The mother's path is... What is the first seven-year course? It is a period where we must go through the process of indemnifying all sorts of complex issues within the family.

The 21-year period, the first seven-year course of the third seven-year course, is the period of establishing a family foundation centered on the mother. What is this standard? It is the time when Adam and Eve fell at the completion stage of the growth period, transitioning from the completion stage to the perfection stage. Therefore, during this seven-year period, we must find all the days that God lost: God's Day, Children's Day, All Things Day, and Parents' Day. During this period, no matter how difficult things may be, we must not have doubts about God or harbor disbelief in Him.

During this period, Satan is allowed to accuse us in various ways within the family. There are many scenes where the mother could say, 'Oh, it’s too hard, I can’t go,' and pack her things to retreat. However, that does not mean that the husband is grateful. The husband is also a fearsome husband. We start with the most fearsome husband, the least desirable husband.

Why must it be this way? Because we must replace what Satan would do. Therefore, there is implicitly a way to teach along that path. We walk for three and a half years like this. After going through this seven-year period, ultimately, the husband and wife must be recognized by heaven and even by Satan as those who can overcome any trial.

Blessed families must follow along and not complain, no matter how difficult it may be, and they must center around this family and serve these parents. Blessed family women should not think, 'Where can I find a husband like that?'

However, the people around them know that the teacher and the teacher's family walk this path for the sake of God's will. All the 36 families, 72 families, 124 families, and 430 families know how arduous the path has been for the teacher's family during this seven-year course. Therefore, they cannot complain.

Thus, after the seven-year course, God's Day was established. Originally, God's Day should have come first, but it was reversed. Parents' Day came first, then Children's Day, All Things Day, and finally God's Day came into being. It was reversed. Do you understand what I mean? Yes. Since we have God's Day, from then on, we entered into the original principled standard centered around God's Day, Parents' Day, Children's Day, and All Things Day. Thus, we have passed through the family seven-year course that parents must go through and restored the lost days of God, Parents, Children, and All Things.

As this happened, in terms of the national environmental foundation, persecution became increasingly leveled. Do you understand what I mean? Yes. There is no persecution. No matter how much the established church persecutes, it is useless, and the nation has also persecuted. Who received that persecution? The teacher and the teacher's family received it all. They must bear the responsibility that Adam could not fulfill, so it is inevitable.

The second seven-year course is the time when blessed families took responsibility. Thus, having established the standard of victory at the national level, what comes next? Centered on the second seven-year course, we must elevate not the teacher's family but the blessed families. We must teach how those families should stand for the nation, how they should dedicate themselves, and how they should walk the public path before the nation.

Thus, the blessed families are fully mobilized. The second seven-year course is a family course, so during the second seven-year course, all blessed families are mobilized. 

Entering the 1970s, for three years, all the wives of families left their children and husbands to go out. Why must it be this way? They must walk the same path that the mother walked. When they leave the family where they lived with their husbands and raised their children, the husband becomes an enemy, and the children become enemies. Why? If the husband says not to go, he becomes an enemy. At that time, he is not just a husband; he becomes a complete traitor before heaven. So, they preemptively regard him as an enemy. Here, it is like treating him as an enemy. Why do they think of him as an enemy in advance? Because they have already considered their husbands as enemies, even if they say not to go... Then, even if the husband says not to go, he does not become part of Satan's side. Do you understand what I mean? Yes. The same goes for the children. By deciding in advance that 'this child is my enemy,' even if that child appears as an enemy, he does not become part of Satan's side. He does not fall under the conditions of Satan. That is love. Do you understand? That is love.

The biblical saying that 'your household members are your enemies' has all been fulfilled in the Unification Church. This is not just words. History has become that way. Therefore, loving and cherishing one's own children is less than treating the children of enemies as such... They must go, but is there anyone to take care of the babies? In America, there are orphanages and childcare centers where the country takes care of them, but there was none of that in Korea. So, they treat them like the children of enemies. They leave them at relatives' houses or their own homes, or even at the house of a brother-in-law, writing their names down and leaving them over the wall. They treat them like the children of enemies and leave, saying, 'I will return in three years, so please take care of them.' So, the world says, 'Oh, this Unification Church! They are not even human. That Reverend Moon is a terrible person!' They say this everywhere.

However, the husbands, wives, and children of the Unification Church think well of the teacher. That became the condition for the nation to receive blessings. Do you understand? Yes. Even though the nation is making noise and opposing, on the other hand, the blessed families of the Unification Church have stood in a position where they can pray for the teacher's family, considering it a pitiful family. That is why they receive blessings. The opposition from the nation is against Reverend Moon rather than against themselves...

Therefore, even in the face of opposition, they became the teacher's side, saying they would suffer more because the teacher is being criticized for them. They were able to pray for the teacher in an environment of opposition. Thus, heaven can reach those families through the teacher. That place is not a comfortable place. It is a place where the world hates and the whole of society opposes, and we have done these things in that boiling environment.

When we first made a fuss, the whole world trembled for about six months, but after about six months, the rumors spread. So, they asked, 'How did you come out? You abandoned your children and husbands and all went out to evangelize? Why?' They answered, 'To save this nation...' So, the wives of families in this nation must educate their children and instill the thought of loving the nation into their husbands; otherwise, this nation cannot survive. After a year of nationwide education, everyone bowed their heads. Those who had opposed and turned away all returned. Do you understand?

After about two years, what happened? In every neighborhood, the saying spread that 'if people love the nation like the Unification Church, this nation will not perish. There will be no problem with communism, and it can become a better nation than any other in the world.' Thus, in the neighborhood, they began to say, 'So-and-so, or someone’s cousin, or a nephew believed in the Unification Church, had a joint wedding, and abandoned all those children,' and they initially pointed fingers at them. But after about two years, the neighborhood people began to testify instead. The nation also...

Now, when established Christians oppose the Unification Church, they say, 'What? Why are you opposing the Unification Church? You guys!' They said this to the opposing established Christians. (Applause) From the position of enemies, without fighting, in three years, we laid the foundation for the relatives to unite, for the people to unite, and for the nation to unite. In this way, even though the nation opposed and Christianity opposed, the fact that these people took care of the children gained sympathy and became a connection that allowed them to be bound together again. As a result, the fallen Christianity and the opposing nation entered a time when they could be embraced within the realm of blessings. Do you understand what I mean? So, it has become a time when we can revive the opposing nation and the opposing Christianity. Do you understand what I mean?

Thus, the intention to bind the relationship that saves this nation and church by offering families as sacrifices has been fulfilled. What does that mean? When viewed through the lens of the Jewish nation and Jesus, it has created an environment where the Jewish religion and the nation can welcome it, just like the extreme opposition faced. That is sacrificing families. Is that correct? Yes. Because this has ended, the teacher has been able to move beyond the national foundation to the world.

Now, without the Unification Church, there is no way for Christianity, America, or communism to survive. Therefore, starting from 1972, three years ahead, we established a global activity system based in America. We are transitioning to a global level. When we came to America, at first, from 1972 to early 1974, for two and a half years, American Christianity and the entire nation welcomed us. (Applause) As a result, what happened? The American Christianity, representing the world's religions, and America, the central nation representing the world's countries, stood in a position of opposition like Korea, but by welcoming us, they entered a position where they could inherit the world and establish a relationship with heaven.

Thus, by laying the foundation of victory until 1974, in December 1974, we created an international mobile unit and all entered Korea. The reason for entering Korea was that it was an offensive operation, an offensive operation. We were going to see who would prevail between Christianity and the nation. At that time, we received about 850 proclamations. (Applause and cheers) At that time, Christianity and the government were at odds. They were at odds and fighting, but we entered and took on that fight. Therefore, the government began to support us. The opposition that the Jewish religion had against Christianity, which had united with Rome, was happening. The nation united with the Unification Church and opposed Christianity. It is a restoration of indemnity. That happened because the government became aligned with the Unification Church. 

Because America welcomed us, Korea united... It is the complete opposite of the time of Jesus. That is the restoration of indemnity. (Applause) We accomplished a historical restoration of indemnity there, at the national level and the global level. 

Because America united with the Unification Church on the external front, no matter how much internal opposition there is, it is being pushed out. The opposition to Reverend Moon in America is Christianity. Korean Christianity and American Christianity are united with the world communism and are opposing us. After that, the American government and the media began to dance to try to take down the Unification Church. However, no matter how much they beat us, we remained unshaken, and they lost. The fact that they lost means that no matter how much the established church attacks the Unification Church in the future, or how much communism attacks, it will not break. (Cheers and applause) In the future, no matter how much Christianity opposes, it will not work.
No matter how much the Communist Party opposes, it won't work. Rather, those who oppose will be the ones to be defeated. The times are changing. "Amen" (applause) Because such a foundation has been laid, we are entering a new era. (Cheers. Applause) So when Reverend Moon started the third 7-year course, it was a personal cross road, a family cross road, a mountain of difficulties, but now all the paths have been paved. The highway has been laid out. That is why the Moscow conference has been declared. (Cheers. Applause)

From this point on, the Communist Party will decline. The issues with China and the Soviet Union are all complicated by the Vietnam issue, right? The conclusion is that without the Unification Church, there is no way for Christianity to survive, and no matter how big America is, without the Unification Church, there is no way to survive, and the Communist Party also cannot survive without the Unification Church. (Cheers. Applause)

Start from the personal home church path
Now, everyone probably knows. Since the third 7-year course has ended, the time has come for the teacher to rest. Do you understand? Because this foundation has been laid, the process of indemnity and restoration is all finished. Finally, the time has come to rest with Mother in the family. (Cheers. Applause) Even if the world attacks, the teacher's family has completely escaped from Satan's accusation rights. We must understand that it has become a time when we can rest in the historical realm of the world—heaven is a place where we can rest. (Applause)

Now, I am telling American families to go out for two and a half years, and I am expelling CARP as well. That is to indemnify the whole. If this happens, in the future, the American people will be able to live for the country. It will show how nations are formed in the free world and how the will of Heaven has come to be. Everyone, do not complain. This is the last hurdle. If we can get over this, everything will be fine. Do you understand? "Yes." If we just get this done, there will be no such thing afterward. That is why we are not starting with home church as a family, but rather starting from the personal home church path. Isn't that right?

Without the family cross that the teacher was carrying, and without the persecution that blessed families faced, men are paving the foundation of the home church, and women are paving the foundation of the home church. From that home church foundation, a basis will emerge where we can live blessedly without persecution. Because the world is different, we have put up the title of completing heaven through home church. It is heaven, heaven. The nation is changing.

Now, how about you? Before, the teacher would shed tears and be insulted, seeing people who would come crying, people who were beaten, people who came with their heads bleeding, people who were stabbed, and people who were chased away naked, but now you have none of that. It is just good. When you meet and talk, it is good. Everyone is smiling and talking, singing happily; we have entered a time where this is possible.

Earlier, Park Jong-gu said that he trained 460 college students this time, and he found it strange that someone who was making a fuss outside became more passionate than a Unification Church member after listening to the words. So I said, "Hey, what's strange about that? Don't you know the time has come?" (Cheers. Applause) These kids don't even know the time and think it's strange. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You are the same. The time has come.

That is why there is one iron rule. If you can just get over the standard that the teacher worked hard under persecution, the spirit world will mobilize immediately. If you can step just one step beyond the standard that the teacher worked hard under persecution, the spirit world will mobilize immediately. The foundation of the home church starts from there. At first, it is difficult. You have to step over the standard where the teacher was persecuted with all your strength. Once you step over that day, after the hardest period, it will gradually become easier. Can't you do that? You little brats! "I will do it."

So when you go to do home church, you should just... (gestures) with your eyes like this, round and without regard for appearances, go laughing and having fun. (Laughter) Yes, when you go to do home church, where do you start? You should not try to go into the main room first, but rather go to the bathroom first. That is where restoration begins. (Laughter) "Can the bathroom of the heavenly kingdom be like this? It must be clean," and you clean it up, and then you say, "Can the floor be like this? Can the room be like this?" and you clean it up. You think, "I must welcome God." If you think, "Hey, how can I come to someone else's house and clean the bathroom?" you say, "Hey, you little brat, you are not the owner; I am the owner! Do you think your house will be happy if you live like this? I am the owner." That's fine too. (Laughter. Applause) "So what about God?" you say, "We need to have a birthday party for God here. Then we will receive blessings." Would anyone say that is bad? If you ask, "Can that happen?" you say, "It can happen, so just wait and try doing what I say! (Laughter) Just pray while listening to me for a week." (Applause)

Make 360 homes into a rocket and fly to God
So when you think historically, what does the term home church mean? Home church is what has been dreamed of for thousands of years, centered around Judaism for 4,000 years and Christianity for 2,000 years, sacrificing countless people. When God tries to draw a line at the providential destination in the historical era, that is when home church can finally be welcomed.

The 360 homes in that home church are my clan. If it is Mr. Smith, it becomes the Smith clan. "Who made all these houses for them to live in? I must do it all. Who built all these houses? I will build them all," you think. At that time, you think, "Ah, God made the Satans build them!" (Applause) "I am happier than anyone in the Satanic world, so let’s live happily!" So God comes and says, "Hey, you are really good, aren't you?" and Satan comes and says, "You are living in the house I built, so that’s nice! I like it too." (Applause) The term home church is a delightful term. Do you know how much hardship it took to come up with that term? "Yes."

When you fully understand the principles and the teacher's words in the future, just hearing the term home church will make you say, "Oh, how grateful!" You will bow your head in gratitude before the term home church and shed tears. The teacher has created a global home church. The teacher has worked his whole life to create this global home church, but can you not do what you can do in 30 minutes? "We can do it." Can't you do that? I have taught you everything. I have taught you everything. That's right.

Now, look. In the third 7-year course, if America has become a place where people say, "Oh, Reverend Moon is good, and the Unification Church is good. Reverend Moon is doing well! The Unification Church is doing well! Hurry up, hurry up!" will home church be difficult or easy? Think about it. "It will be easy." So, do you know what ingenuity is? "Home church." Cape Kennedy is a satellite base. They launch rockets from there. You need to understand that, and since you understand...

You are the rocket heads. You need to know that the rocket head goes up last. "Does it go up last? Doesn't it go up first?" (Interpreter) When launching, don't people go up last? "They go up first." You make the rocket, and people go up last, right? Is that correct? "That's right." You all are making it from the bottom and going up. All 360 homes must become God's rocket. Then what if you go up? You must fly like this, whoosh. (Gestures. Laughter. Applause) Imagine that you are flying with 360 homes attached behind you. (Applause) Do you know why we went to the moon? It symbolically shows that you are making the Unification Church home church rocket. So isn't it "moon"? (Laughter) Then, when you all come to the moon, when the teacher is flying at the top like this, it means we are flying to the sun. When that happens, you must understand that the moon becomes sunny (Sunie). You must think that when you fly, you will surely become the king (Kingie) with God at the top. (Laughter. Applause)

Now, whether others say we are crazy or that we have been brainwashed, or whether we are insulted, we just need to live happily and laugh! (Laughter. Applause) What is this year's slogan? "Home church is the base of heaven." Well, you know it, say it again! "Home church is the base of heaven." (Applause)

Who will be number one in home church?
Now, the teacher can leisurely take Mother and the children and go play at some good palace in Paris or famous tourist spots in the world, right? "Yes." (Applause) If you think, "Oh, I wish I could go too," you cannot. After home church is over, you will all become like that. The teacher has created a global home church, but you say you will rest without even making that small home church? No matter how much you throw a tantrum and like to whine, think about it. The teacher has worked hard for the past 20 years looking forward to the home church era. You will do this 360 homes; what is 20 years? You will do it in less than 20 weeks... You must think to quickly finish it all and be liberated. Yes, you think home church is difficult; do you think it is easy? "I think it is easy." I also think it is easy. Isn't that right? Think about it.

Now, after listening to the teacher, do you feel like going to the East Sea? What will you do when the teacher says, "You can't do home church!" and does not distribute home churches? You must understand that there is no more intimidation than this, no more lightning than this, and no more scary words than this. Now, do you understand home church clearly? "Yes." Do you know that to create this, the teacher and God have sacrificed, that Jesus died, and that countless Christians and people around the world have sacrificed? "Yes." Now, you don't need to talk about home church anymore, do you? "Yes." Now, you can do without the teacher, right? "No." I hope we can meet after home church is all done. Let's think about meeting after home church is all done.

Now, in creating the 360 home churches, who will be the first in the historical era to be able to welcome the teacher, Mother, and Father? Will such a home church arise in the land of Korea, in the land of America, in the land of Japan, or in the land of England? "In America." "Home church number one is Korea!" It must be like this. Look. You walk with long legs like this, but Koreans walk like this... (gestures. Laughter) They walk with their height and round eyes, looking all around, but Koreans are short and have small eyes, so they focus on just one place. Do you think you can beat them? Are you confident? "Yes."

Koreans, even if they skip three lunches in a week, don’t mind at all. But if you skip just one lunch, you become all droopy... (gestures) Look again. Koreans can sit anywhere freely, but what about you? You look for a chair first. You go anywhere and freely take care of business... (Laughter) How complicated is this? Even when eating, you have forks and knives and spoons... What is this? A new beak looks like a fork to eat well? (Laughter) Think about it. How complicated is this? After breakfast, before lunch, you say, "Oh, milk," what about "dessert..." What is dessert and coffee? You are busy just trying to eat one meal. (Laughter)

Think about it. Can you be number one with this? "Yes." You all have lip gloss and nail polish... (Laughter) Do you think you can win with all that? You need to change your thinking. You must understand that you need to change your thinking, change your lifestyle, and change your actions. When you walk, you should be able to shout and run to the point where it can be compared to how you usually walk... Can you do that? "Yes." You talk well. You don’t even know how much you have been deceived. Now, just this time, in 1980... I will forget all about 1979. Are you confident in 1980? "Yes." Should I remember that? "Yes." Then raise your hands if you want me to remember it. Those hands are beautiful. (Laughter)

Today, I am speaking so joyfully because this moment is the dawn of the new year, starting the new 1980s, so I have put on quite a show, a one-man show. (Laughter. Applause)

Now, how many ranks should I record in my notebook for home church from number one? You should go to the spirit world and see. "Ah, we became home church number one!" When that happens, how happy will your ancestors be? Will God say, "Hey, why are you like this? Are you crazy, why are you like this?" No, He will say, "Well done! Well done!" The spirits will all applaud. (Applause) Now, will this be compared to a marathon athlete in the Olympic Games? Think about it. "No." To become an Olympic marathon runner, you have to run day and night for over 10 or 20 years. But can you not run as much as those marathon runners? Can't you do that? What the teacher is talking about goes to the world Unification Church. You need to understand that. Do you understand? "Yes."

When the world members see what the teacher has said three days later, they will say, "Oh, it has been three days," and from then on, they will run quickly. Three days later, they will think, "Hey, I ran this much for fundraising, so I must do better than when I did fundraising. I must work hard when witnessing, even if I get insulted, it must be better than that." Will they think that or not? Think about it. If women have big butts and they want to go faster, they will think, "Why is my butt so big?" When God sees that, will He say, "Hey, that’s good," or will He say, "Hey, that’s..."? (Laughter) Then will God give you a husband who is number one in the world or one who is last? What do you think God will think? "Number one husband." You know that well.

A person who lives in home church and dies in home church is a happy person.
Now you understand, right? So what is today's title? "Home church is the base of heaven." That is where happiness is, that is where you can hum a tune, that is where true laughter comes from, that is where true rest is, and everything done there is recognized by heaven and earth. You must understand that a person who lives there and dies there is a happy person.

I am thinking of buying an airplane. Would that be good? What kind of airplane should I buy? A Boeing 747? "Yes." What will you do with that? That is what I am thinking of doing. After that, what will I do? After home church is over, I will build a villa...
You need to find a place. A good island in Greece, a nice place in Italy, about twelve good places in nice countries, South America, and so on, I think we need to create about 30 vacation areas. What's the fun of going there alone? I'll bring someone like Home Church, who hasn't eaten or dressed well and has only been criticized, and I'll take care of them, dress them, and feed them. We will also dance. At that time, it won't be disco dance. What kind of dance will it be? (Laughter) If you do that, I might buy you the best Lincoln car. How many ranks do you think you will achieve here? Decide in your heart how many ranks you will achieve. Decide here. You need to understand that the heavenly base in your heart must open up for the Home Church base to emerge. Is that correct or not? "That's correct." Decide.

The time I promised my mother has passed. The teacher is a homebody, a homebody. (Laughter) Have you decided? Have you decided? "Yes." You all need a person in charge, a supervisor. Do you need one? "No, we don't." If you had confidence in Home Church in the early morning of 1980, I would be a very successful person, right? "Yes." 'Yes' means the same as Jesus, Jesus Christ. (Laughter) Will you take on that responsibility like Jesus? Will you work hard? "Yes." This is the first promise for the next ten years in the 1980s. It's the first promise. You must not forget this and remember it. Will you do it or not? "I will." Will you? "Yes!" Then I will trust you. May God's blessings be with you! (Applause)

Thankful Day of God
By celebrating this day, we have welcomed the 13th Day of God. According to the teacher's age, it is now the day of turning 60 years old. 60 years old. (Applause) I look older than you, right? "No." Thank you. However, age is now, how should I say it? It cannot be negotiated. (Laughter) Generally, 80 percent of the people gathered here are about the same age as the teacher's sons and daughters. Isn't that right? "Yes."

Children of God must be better than those on the side of Satan
In that sense, what the teacher thinks now is… Now that I am 60, I had a youth period like you, around 30 years old, right? "Yes." In the East, the year one turns 60 is seen as a new year, a new turning point, a year to start anew after going around once. This is called a "Hwangap." What goes around here goes around like this. (Drawing and explaining)

What does that mean? When we look at biblical history, after six days, the seventh day is called the Sabbath. The Sabbath means resting. It means going a different way. This is similar to that.

Communists represent the world of Satan… The history of communism began in 1917 and lasted until 1978, which is 60 years. Therefore, from 1977 to 78, 79, during these three years, the communist world… It has developed like this, and when it gets here, what happens is… (Writing on the board) Do you understand? "Yes." How did the communist world rise to the global peak within that 60-year period? This is a riddle.

Satan says to God, "God! Since I have occupied this entire world, you should give me the authority to sweep the world as I please, even if I have fallen. Shouldn't you grant me that authority?" Then what conditions must be met? If the children of Satan have worked hard under the title of the world more than the children of God, then at that time, it must be allowed, inevitably.

Then what will God do? He cannot say no. He will say, "You are right." Centered around me, Satan is on the way down, and God is on the way up, so Satan is brainwashing all the laborers and farmers, the lowest class.

Now, when we look at the two worlds, the spiritual world and the physical world, the physical world is the material world, and the spiritual world is the spiritual world. However, communism is materialism based on the materialistic worldview. Centered on this, all humans in the material world…

If Satan can govern like that, then the children of God can also say, "Oh, God! If we can do even more than that, shouldn't you allow us to govern the world as we please?" Then God would say, "Of course. But you must be better than Satan." You must be better. It is a condition that you must be better. Ideologically, you must also be better than Satan. Therefore, if God exists, He should teach better ideas than the thoughts of the world of Satan, but people must seek them based on their efforts. This conclusion arises. Even if He doesn't teach, people must seek.

How much have philosophers searched and struggled to bring forth the theory of materialism, which is the theory of communism today? If they have searched for the material world and established it here, there must also be people who are searching for the spiritual, metaphysical world of the heavenly kingdom. It is the same. If there are people who can do that, God will say, "Well done! Well done!" It should not be relative, right? If there is a good god and an evil god, the good god cannot lose. If there is a good person and an evil person, can the good person be worse than the evil person? They must be better in everything.

So, everything that exists in the world of Satan… Knowledge is for acquiring material, power is for acquiring material, and love is also for acquiring material, then that is on the side of Satan. Is that clear? "Yes." Then what is the opposite? "God." Here, money is for God, knowledge is for God, power is for God, and love is for God.

Now, people attending schools like Harvard and Yale say, "Oh! I will study and make money," do they say, "I will seek God"? Knowledge, power, and money are all material. They are centered around the external human. What does that mean? "It is centered around Satan."

People on God's side must rise up from difficult positions
Now, when we look at the United States, this country is individualistic and materialistic. Is it a holistic or spiritual country? Which side is it closer to? Is it closer to the side centered on material or the side centered on spirit? "It is closer to the side centered on material." So, in conclusion, is America on God's side or Satan's side? "Satan's side." Is that Satan's side good or bad?

So, based on that principle, since Satan has occupied the number 6, he says, "Try it for 60 years." However, he cannot surpass the number 7. (Applause) From the number 3 to the number 6, it can continue. What does that mean? It means it will fall again from 30 years to 60 years. The more the democratic world unites, the shorter that period becomes. Do you understand? "Yes."

So, when Satan says, "Try it," does God just watch quietly, saying, "You guys just do it"? God says, "You fool, after the number 6 passes, we will prepare and I will let my children try it. Let's see if they are worse or better than you." That is what God says.

Then, this is centered around 3 years, the number 3, and after 3 years from 1917, in 1920, a person called Reverend Moon appeared. (Applause. Cheers) So, Reverend Moon… Now he is Reverend Moon, but at that time, he was not Reverend Moon. He was nothing. He was nothing at all. (Laughter) It would be good to talk in detail, but there is no time for that. Generally, history has turned out that way, and even if God exists, it logically makes sense. It makes sense theoretically; you can think of it that way.

Then, if God has established such a son, would He say, "You just sit there and be less thoughtful than the people of the Satan world, work less hard, and suffer less to become the best in the world"? Would He want him to come out from such a difficult place? "I hope he comes out from a difficult place."

If you have something in mind, you must think seriously enough that the Satan world cannot even think of it. If you have eyes, you should also look into the spiritual world and the material world centered around those eyes. You should gaze more intently than any person from the Satan world, and if you have ears, you must not lose in listening. More than the Satan world… Also, if you have a nose, you should smell the good scent more…

And if you have a mouth, should you say, "Oh! It's good. Oh! It's delicious. Oh! It's good. Oh! It's good," or should you say, "Oh! I'm dying. Oh! I'm dying. Oh! I'm hungry. Oh! It's hard"? You should say good things a lot, right? "Yes." With your mouth. Should it be "Woo woo woo" or "Ha ha ha"? "It should be ha ha ha." If your tongue doesn't move, you should weep.

Then, in terms of sensations, you should say, "You hungry sensation, you longing emotional sensation, endure! You greedy sensation, endure!" 

You must make even one person in this world want to follow Reverend Moon. You must not make them say, "Oh! I can't follow. You go your own way." Does that make sense theoretically or not? "It makes sense." So, when Satan sees that, will he say, "Hey, they are worse than us"? Will he say, "Oh! That son of a gun, what can a child of goodness do like that? Our kids can't even follow."? "They say they can't follow."

Has the teacher ever fought? (Laughter) "Yes." The whole neighborhood was most afraid of me. When I fought, it was for 24 hours, a week, without sleeping. I fought without sleeping. (Cheers. Applause) And after knowing how God is, how God's heart world is, how the world is, and how the principle world is, I said, "I will fight against everything in this world." Just everything… Then, personally, rather than suffering, it was the environment that hit me. "Look at that guy's eyes. Look at that mouth," and they all hate me. I fought against the communist world, the democratic world, everything. They hit me and everything… (Explaining with actions. Laughter. Applause) That’s how I lived, didn’t I?

So, if God exists, would He give work to someone who has such spirit and determination to try? "He would give work." Even if I were God, I would say, "That guy is useful! You try it!" (Applause) Reverend Moon's face looks random, and his body looks like a piece of wood, but when viewed from this perspective of governing logic, if Reverend Moon's words seem plausible and God supports him, is that Reverend Moon a bad guy or a good guy? "He is a good person." Then, does that author, that person, seem like a good person or an evil person? "Good man." Evil man? "No." (Cheers. Applause)

So, the teacher said, "Let's surpass 60 years! Let's surpass 60 years!" Then when you start to go down, I will rise. (Cheers. Applause) Before that, I received all the diplomas. When a rocket flies, can you pull it down? You have to push it. "Oh, you must go. You must rise." That’s how it should be. You should applaud and be able to do that. Do you understand?

You must ride the sine curve of life well to reach the realm of God's love
Korea is making a fuss, and the world is even more… They are comparing themselves with things that cannot even be compared. The communists, the established churches, the Jews, all of them. (Laughter) But Reverend Moon is rising, is he going down? "He is rising." Can you all do that? "Yes."

Now the teacher is 60 years old. Now, centered around 60 years, I am starting to turn a corner and begin to turn in a different direction. (Cheers. Applause) Now that I have started to turn, how many thousands of years will it take? It will take about 6,000 years. It will not just go around here; it will turn around for tens of thousands of years, getting bigger and bigger. (Applause)

When you look at everything in this world, there is a limit to everything. There is a saturation point for everything. It is true, that is. It goes up like this on a sine curve, becomes saturated, and then falls again like this. If it cannot turn like this, it will rise again, get smaller, and disappear. The problem is that it is easy to go down from here, but it is difficult to go up. This is the logic. Isn’t that right? "Yes." (Drawing and explaining)

The Unification Church's ideology is not materialism but a principle that lifts us up to God, so God can lift us up. However, materialism is a principle that pulls us down, so if it goes down, it will perish. (Applause) Therefore, if you fall well today, you can rise quickly. (Laughter) So, where are we falling now? We are falling, but where are we falling? Where is it that all 60 fall at once? It must fall to the Home Church, to this heavenly base. What is that base? There, a fire will burst out. That is heaven. Everything will explode automatically from there… (Cheers. Applause) When you go to the Home Church, if you go to the center and hit it hard, the fire will burst, and the gasoline tank will explode and rise. Do you understand what that means? It will all rise up at once. So, what is one thing Reverend Moon can do better than the world of Satan? He could set up the Home Church device.

So, the faster it is, the better it is to collide. The more it collides, the better it is. If that happens, the communists, the democratic world, and Christianity will say, "Where did Reverend Moon, who was opposed, go?" Where did he go? He went to the heavenly kingdom.

Then, later, when looking down at the earth, it feels good. "I am happy because my side is like this. Oh! How wonderful. I feel good," and everyone… They will rejoice and be thankful more than when they suffered in the past, until their cells burst… (Applause) And while going, when you are exhausted and look around, you will find that you have fallen into the realm of God's love. (Applause)

So, you will receive the love injection in every cell. Love injection, love injection. (Explaining with actions. Laughter) Only then will God's ears, God's eyes, and God's senses say, "Oh, I want to see. Oh, I want to hear." Only then will God begin to see and hear. Even when smelling, He will say, "This is the smell of love." So, if God is also exhausted, will He collapse from love or not? "He will collapse."

So, while lying like this, the power of love is so strong that it comes and touches you. What is this? What is this? What is it? It is a beloved son. (Applause) You can hear whispers, and you can hear breathing. You can whisper as much as you want, and you can touch as much as you want.
Well, at that time God would say, "Am I unhappy?" or "Am I happy?" "I will say I am happy." What is the opposite of unhappiness? "Happiness." What kind of happiness should we call it? Should we call it mysterious happiness, or happiness like one who has eaten honey? It is a grateful happiness. What does grateful happiness mean? (Laughter)

To fulfill the purpose, we must become sons and daughters who fight proudly. What is today's title? Gratitude. Gratitude for God's day. Then what day would be the day God is most pleased? "God's day." It is God's day, and is it happiness to meet God? Whom do we meet that brings happiness? "True sons and daughters." Hmm, well said. That little one spoke well. (Laughter. Applause) It is God meeting His sons and daughters. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."

So now, since 1980, the Unification Church... By the age of the teacher, it is over 70, right? The number of Satan in the communist world is 6, 6. We must go beyond the number 6. After passing through the number 6, we are now heading towards the number 7. God starts from the number 7. Since we are over 60, we are entering the number 7, right? Do you understand what I mean? In the satanic world, it may be a number of suffering, but in heaven, it is a number of glory, so from the 1980s, the Unification Church enters a glorious era. (Applause) If you all do well, it will all be over by the 2000s. (Cheering. Applause)

So, do you think you have come well into the Unification Church? "Yes." Has Reverend Moon practiced everything he has said so far and fought against it, winning or losing? Is that a lie or is it the truth? "It is the truth." Look. There has never been anyone born into this world who has been insulted like Reverend Moon. That is undoubtedly true, historically? "Yes." Did he commit robbery or anything? He did nothing.

Jesus, you know, preached for three years and then died. The reason the teacher speaks of the 2000s is that even if we set the starting point of the providence of the purpose at the 20th century, if I started from the age of 20, it would become the 2000s by the time it reaches 60. This year marks the 40th year. For 40 years like this... This corresponds to the 40-year period for the Israelite people, and the world Canaan restoration course. You need to understand that.

So we need to return. We need to rest. We need to take a break. This is true both from the perspective of biblical history and theoretically, and even when we look at what Reverend Moon has actually done. This is not all a lie; it is all true. (Applause)

You all, it is not long now, it is not long. As I mentioned earlier, the public life of three years, three numbers... Now just try to endure for three years, six years. If you go for about seven years, it will pass quickly. The period you have left to be persecuted is only that much. Do you understand what I mean? Just wait and see. Will it happen or not?

In the 1960s, when the teacher said, "The world will be like this," centered around a small number of members, no one believed it, saying it was a lie, "The teacher is good at lying." Now, from your perspective, the words you have heard have come true and more. They have come true and more. Now you all must think like the teacher. You must be better than the sons of the satanic world! You must be better than anyone in the satanic world! To do that, you must put in more sincerity. You must be able to say, "No one, whether they are saints, patriots, filial sons, or loyal subjects from the past, can surpass me!" Can you do that? "Yes."

You want to visit your loved ones, right? "No." You want to eat delicious food, right? "No." You want to rest and sleep, right? "No." The teacher has preached for more than ten or twelve hours, and that is a historical record. (Applause) In America, he preached for up to fourteen and a half hours. (Applause) There were times he went without sleep for several days. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." It is a problem. Reverend Moon is a man of global significance... When the world's beauties claim they can seduce Reverend Moon, do you think Reverend Moon would be seduced like that? "No." Even if they line up to tempt him... Is there no one who writes blood letters or piles up money? They do all sorts of things. Some come into the men's room naked, and I don't even know, but they come and sleep next to me. American women may be like that, but Eastern women may seem quiet, but oh, they are quite bold. (Laughter. Applause)

And those who have daughters, do you know how much they have begged to make me their son-in-law? I have met all sorts of people who follow me around bragging about their daughters; I have met all kinds of people. That is also number one in the world. How interesting would it be if I wrote all those stories down before I die? They would want to hear that instead of the Principle. (Laughter. Applause) In the teacher's view, even if I seem clumsy, if I am interesting as a man, then I am an interesting person. Taste and sweet man! (Laughter) Laugh. Today is the first day of 1980, so laugh. Laugh. (Laughter)

You must become people who can give for the world to inherit God's blessings. Now it is time to stop. "No." The ideal preaching time is 40 minutes. "No." That is American style. Shall we continue? "Yes." Knowing that, from now on you all... What is "muni"? It means to boast about that. Even if I have thousands of eyes, my ears, my mouth, my body have millions. (Cheering) At this moment, the faces of Unification Church members are truly beautiful. They are unified. (Applause. Cheering) What that means is that you can receive God's love.

Now, let's open the door of our hearts wide. Let's open it wide. Anyone can come and swim in the sea of my heart; I will go out in front. My heart is as wide as the world of air, so not just jets, but any airplane, Concorde, can fly freely. Drive with your eyes closed. If you crash while driving with your eyes closed, my heart will carry you and pull you along! (Applause) Even though I am being insulted and called a bad person in the world, I am living like this. (Applause)

If I were to hold a microphone from a broadcasting station and speak fluently in English for ten hours or twenty hours in front of the American people, 240 million Americans would weep. Not even for a week. In 48 hours, in one night... Do you think that would happen? Do you think Reverend Moon has the ability to do that? "Yes." Reverend Moon, who is Korean, not American, not white, but Asian, can do that? "Yes." Therefore, God works in such a wonderful way.

Korea has had a miserable history of 5,000 years until now. However, because Reverend Moon has come, we can finally say that God is fair. God is fair. He is not unfair. That is true. If He were born in America, even a puppy would know... Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Now, let me ask you something. When your eyes were formed, did the black come first, or did the blue come first? Think about it. When black eyes or blue eyes were formed, do you think blue eyes became black, or black eyes became blue? (Laughter) And when you look at white babies, do they start out yellow and grow into yellow? "They grow..." That's right. (Laughter) So, what is the ancestor of the eyes? It is black.

Now, when you look at eyes, do blue eyes look deeper, or do black eyes look deeper? "Black eyes." Shallow eyes indicate a shallow heart. That is why Westerners cannot endure what they have in their hearts. Hoo-ba-ba-ba... But Easterners... (Making a face)

So, Easterners should not be too deep, and Westerners should not be too shallow. Therefore, depth and shallowness must harmonize. When that happens, Easterners will like Westerners, and Westerners will like Easterners, and when that time comes, the ideal world will come closer to the world; this logic holds. (Cheering. Applause)

In the world of religion, the deeper you go, the more you must discard. Until now, it has been like that. However, in the material world, the more you know, the more you acquire. The religious world discards everything, so the Western civilization comes to pick up what has been discarded. The religious world is all about discarding. When the great countries of Asia can be manipulated by Western society, the ideal world will begin to come to Asia. Do you understand?

So, when we divide, the era of independence will come. Whether it is a Western society or an Eastern society, a world of equality will come. The Second World War came from this phenomenon.

Now, from the perspective of God's will, God has entrusted all this material to the Western people. However, since the owner is God over there, He knows that it must be shared fairly, so He brings forth communism to strike. "All property belongs to the state and the world. This capitalist system, let it go!" That is what they are saying. It is the world's and the nation's. The communists are also using God.

Therefore, if America has received global material blessings, it must help and share with all the countries in Asia and Africa. Only then can America inherit God's blessings; otherwise, it will be struck down. However, because America has not fulfilled its responsibilities, the side of Satan strikes and takes it away. It only benefits the communists. So, will America be praised? "No." When all these problems are resolved...

What time is it now? You must understand what time America is in now. Reverend Moon tells the youth, "You all must share for the world. Only then will everyone survive." That is the movement he is engaged in. He is saying to do fundraising. Only then can America survive, so he is saying to do fundraising. Do you think fundraising is necessary? This is not just a coincidence; it is not a coincidence. Reverend Moon is not just making this up. It is all in today's title, so while it may be said as an example...

Become a person who can practice God's love.

Therefore, the most important issue is that today is God's day, so we must give thanks to God. Gratitude. God's day... No matter how many people gather here, even if people from 130 countries come together to celebrate, it is not about the hundreds or thousands gathering to celebrate for God. The issue is how many people can receive God's love. How many people can God come to and want to touch, kiss, and say, "Oh, this and that..."? (Laughter) How many people can do that? (Laughter. Applause) Right now, that is not possible. Right now, it is not. When you hear the teacher's words, you think, "Oh, now I understand. I have realized." Until now, you have not realized.

So, then, if you say, "God, please wait just three more years. Now that I know how much You miss me, just wait three more years, four more years, five more years, six more years, seven more years," God would say, "Okay." That is the principle world...

At that time, you must say, "I will be a son or daughter who can be happy even if God swallows me whole from the top of my head with a jar of honey of love." Only then can you celebrate the grateful day of God. If you have such a love connection in this world, you can go anywhere in heaven. We all have such privileges. Should we call that a priority? We all have privileges. We all have such privileges.

Then, when that time comes, you can say, "I am higher than God; the whole world is mine. Hey! Hey!" Therefore, you have the heart to rise higher than anyone else. That is why it is righteous. Everyone has it. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Be men and women who can exercise that right. Then God... Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." (Applause)

So, try saying, "For even ten years, I will not lose to the communists or to the teacher. I will not lose to God." But that does not mean you hate the teacher and say, "Hey, why are you doing this?" No, you support him. You support him. God also does not say, "Hey, you!" but rather, "Do well, do well. Oh, come on! Come on! Come on! Wow, wow..." (Speaking while applauding. Laughter. Applause) Now, raise your hand if you have decided, "Teacher, don't say anything more. I understand everything. I don't need anything more than that. Now I will be number one and more!" Is it complicated for you all? It is getting complicated. (Cheering. Applause) Thank you! God bless you today! (Cheering. Applause)

Me.

When we say "I," no one thinks of themselves as alone. In the concept of the world, or in the context of this universe, we establish the notion of "I." There are families, parents, and siblings... All these concepts are interconnected. Then there are nations, and the world... If you are an American citizen, you will inevitably think, "I am an American citizen."

A person who thinks a little more broadly, who thinks a bit wider, will think, "I am a citizen of the world." A person who thinks even more will think, "If there is a Lord who created this universe, then I am a representative of God." All these concepts are interconnected. In those concepts, both good and bad things are all connected.

Am I a good person? Am I an evil person? Am I a good person? Or am I an unhappy person? Am I a happy person? From the perspective of such vast connections, we come to think of the concept of "I" without even realizing it.

So, then, when does my existence, my being, begin? Let’s say you are in your twenties or thirties; think about when you have been around since you were born. If you are 30 years old, that 30 years did not just happen. That 30 years is a connected 30 years. We must think of it as a connected 30 years. What does that mean? It means that I am not alone in my existence. I exist because of my parents. That is true. Where did I come from? I came from my parents. It is not that I existed first. When we look at it this way, what about the parents? It goes up and up. So where does it go? It goes all the way to the source of the fundamental power of this universe, to the place where the first force can act. So, all of this universe is pulling me along, that is what I am saying.

Everyone, if you pull one hair, you must be pulled along to avoid pain. Therefore, when I say I am turning, I am acting on behalf of all the actions of the universe.

Then, at that time, where does the concept of "I" come from? What is "I"? Every human being will like the concept of "I" as a representative position that includes the entire universe. Do you all want that? "Yes." Do you want "I" from the perspective of the whole, or do you want "I" as an isolated individual? "From the perspective of the whole..." Why is that? Why do you want the central "I"? That is the question. Why is that?
What is it, exactly? You want to become the master and take control? "No." For some reason, when someone tries to invade your personal space, you go "Hmm," and even a slight invasion makes you go "Hmm," and you dislike it.  
The universe arises from the interaction between the subject and the object.  
When it comes to my eyes, I hope my eyes are the best; when it comes to my hands, I hope my hands are the best; I wish for my head and my clothes to be the best as well. Why is that? This is the question. From this, we can draw a similar picture. (Drawing on the blackboard) Furthermore, if we look at this in a flat manner, we can think of it like this. If you press this firmly, it becomes this. Do you want to become this or that in the world? What do you want to become? This is a common notion shared by both the talented and the less talented, but where does this come from? Where does it come from? (Pointing to what was written)  
In such a context, the action of conscience allows us to discover the infinite self, the great self. Then, where does this action come from? This action manifests due to cause and effect. It must be so. There is no action without purpose. The butterfly flies, the bee flies, the bird chirps, the wind blows… nothing happens without purpose. Even our eyes blinking have their own purpose. Right? "Yes."  
Breathing also has its purpose, and laughing, saying "Ah, that’s nice," also has its purpose. We have learned that action cannot occur without purpose. Nowadays, scientists say that this universe is made of force.  
Then, which comes first, energy or force and action? This is the question. Which comes first? In principle, it is said that force arises from interaction, and does interaction arise from force? What is it? "Interaction gives rise to force." This must be clarified. If this is wrong, the foundation of the universe is turned upside down. (Pointing to what was written) If you say this, you can say it this way, and if you say that, you can say it that way, but which comes first is an important question. Which comes first? "Action comes first." Why? Why?  
Then, can action happen alone? Where does action come from? It simply comes as it is. That cannot be. Before action, must there not be something? There must be plus and minus. Without the subject and object, action cannot occur. This must be understood. Is that correct? "Yes."  
From this perspective, if there is a fundamental being in the universe, that being itself emerges as an existence with the notion of subject and object. Therefore, the term "dual characteristics" mentioned in our Unification Church principles is a great statement. This is why existence begins when the subject and object start to interact. It means that it begins to arise. Because it is based on this fundamental, the entire universe is dualistic. It performs actions of give and take in a dual manner.  
What is force? Force is the result of action. The result of the interaction between the mother and father, the plus and minus, becomes the children. The result of force becomes the object. Force is a resultant existence. It corresponds to this. Action corresponds to this. What is this? It corresponds to the fundamental, the subject. (Pointing to what was written)  
When we look at this, what is included in the notion of force? There is action. Why? Why is there action? Because it emerged from such concepts. Also, what is force? It possesses the content of relative relationships. Why is that? Because it started from this principle. Now, if the force of "I" becomes the destination, then there must be action occurring here.  
Here, there is a subject-object relationship. Do you understand? When we say "I," that relationship is established. My mind and body become the subject and object, performing interaction. They are all performing actions. Thus, the subject of the force, the essence of the force, is born. Therefore, everything becomes a pair. Half, a pair, perfectly plus and minus. Our sperm and egg cells are all divided. Do you understand?  
Why is it that way? This question arises inevitably as a result of the universe's foundation; the cause is such that the result cannot be otherwise, which is the theoretical conclusion. Therefore, the world of force that our scientists observe today, that nature is made of force, and that everything has evolved due to force, that evolutionary logic is completely shattered. It is vague.  
This logic, centered around plus and minus, if this becomes minus, then this becomes plus and acts, and this becomes one, and if this becomes plus and this becomes minus, then if this becomes plus, this becomes another one, and if this becomes plus and this becomes minus, then it becomes larger, this logic is extremely theoretical. (Drawing on the blackboard)  
Let’s think about whether such actions exist in our human life. You yourself. You become the subject, unite with the object, and become a large plus, and you want to expand further. Isn’t that a logical progression, a developed phenomenon? So, when that becomes a plus and accepts the relative minus, it grows larger and becomes a bigger plus, wanting an even larger minus, and then becomes an even larger plus and an even larger minus… This is how it develops.  
Today on Earth, they say, "Evolution is a natural development, it is abrupt." But where is the abrupt action? Abrupt action cannot exist. That is a fallacy to create a logical system. It is a fallacious logic.  
This becomes plus, and by combining what has become minus, it grows larger and pushes out more and more… This small thing attaches and becomes one, and then attaches and becomes one… This way, it becomes one plus and minus. How does an amoeba grow? How does something large come into being? Here, the small one absorbs this. After absorbing, what happens? It acquires a subjectively plus form and absorbs the small one again… This is how it develops.  
Then, where does the motive power for that development come from? Do you understand what that means? Therefore, the universe acts, and it must act to develop, but there is no action without purpose. Because of the issue of the subject and object that can act, it concludes that action must be centered around the notion of purpose. It concludes that force also exists within the realm of purpose.  
When a professor conducting experiments in a chemistry lab applies force to create a plus-minus relationship centered around atoms, does that act? If it is a plus-minus relationship, it naturally acts without intervention. Do you understand? Therefore, this logic, the logic presented by Reverend Moon, is scientific and theoretical. You must have this notion. When studying the principles, you must approach it with this notion. You must save the universe with this notion.  
Based on this logic, our conscience action is, as I mentioned earlier, "I will become such a great person." Why is that? Why? Is this action a common action? It is not just acting for no reason. The conscience acts, right? There must be a subject in that action. This is theoretical. This is a plus-minus action. This is theoretical. It exists within the realm of subject-object relationships. Therefore, it acts, and I myself am being drawn into that realm of power. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."  
In performing this action, there must be this circular action, and here, the subject notion and object notion must fulfill the expectation of the relationship. (Pointing to what was written) This is plus and minus. Also, this is plus and minus. This place can become minus, and it can change. It is a relative relationship. Here, it cannot just turn this way. Do you understand? In the universe, nothing does not rotate. Nothing does not move. A person who does not move cannot exist. They disappear. They cannot sustain themselves. All your cells are moving. This is the same for the universe when expanded. Does it seem like that? "Yes."  
Then, does this universe just move? It moves for a purpose. When viewed this way, the cell is like a person in the universe, and this cell also says, "The universe and people exist for me." There are 400 billion cells. So, it is worth living. If you are just at the bottom, what would you want to live for? You must understand this. You must understand this clearly. Why does this universe exist? What is this universe made of? It is made of force. What was there before force? Without action, force cannot arise. Where does that action come from? It comes from the subject-object relationship, the subject and object. The subject and object exist, and purpose arises.  
Thus, people are in this logical position, having dual purposes. Dual purposes. While aiming for a great purpose, they also have the purpose of completing their own purpose. Under this theoretical presentation, this can be defined. Therefore, this is the completion of the expectation of the relationship; the mother has the purpose of completion as a mother, the father has the purpose of completion as a father, and the mother and father have the purpose of completing their relative relationship. These two purposes unite to have the purpose of completing their children. This is dual purpose. It is the same for itself. Do you understand?  
In your eyes, there is the purpose of the eye itself and the purpose of the whole. The same goes for the nose, the hands, and everything; they all have dual purposes. Because of this content, it concludes that the formation of the universe from elements is possible. How does the universe form? It is because the subject purpose and the object purpose are connected. Thus, the universe expands from the small to the large.  
Because of this notion, evolution also occurs there. Evolution also takes place within these purposes. The term evolution is also like that. Nowadays, scientists and scholars in the world think, "Where is this world going? It moves without purpose." Where is it going? They do not know. This is incorrect. If it continues like this, everything will be ruined, they say. But that is not true. The universe moves toward a purpose, so it does not perish. It may seem like it is perishing, but it brings about the results of formation. Do you understand? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."  
When you observe the universe like this, everything aligns. Everything aligns. The meeting of two is also for the individual purpose. They meet for the individual purpose, but they must meet to connect the greater purpose. When viewed this way, because the universe is heading toward this purpose, what is a great personality? It is to have the perspective to relate to the universe.  
Now, speaking of white people, do white people relate for their own purpose? No. Among white people, no one knows that there is a purpose to unite with the various colored races. They did not know this. Therefore, this is incorrect, in fact. Do you understand? The individual purpose follows the overall purpose. It must be so. Because it is recognized, this is why it consumes the smaller ones, absorbs these cells, and plays this game. That is the right thing. (Laughter)  
The universal law exists for the greater purpose rather than the individual purpose, and it is possible because of that law. If all things happen within the realm of individual purpose and overall purpose, then theoretically everything is established, right? However, in a country like America, they do not know that they exist not only for their own individual purpose but also within the realm of the overall purpose for the world. (Applause)  
God, the universe, and humanity are mutually related, relative existences.  
Based on this logical foundation, our Unification Church is entirely theoretical. The individual exists for the family, the family exists for the tribe, the tribe exists for the nation, the nation exists for the world, the world exists for the heavenly nation, and the heavenly nation exists for God! All of this has been presented through such a systematic and decisive logical stage. Why is that? I dislike it too. However, that is the universal law. If we do not pass through the individual purpose and the overall purpose, our completion cannot be achieved. Therefore, it is inevitable. Is that correct? "Yes." Is that correct? "Yes."  
These days, American youth are making a fuss about kissco dance. For whose purpose is that done? Not disco, kissco! (Laughter) By doing this with the nose and kissing, they are destroying the whole. Blocking the overall purpose becomes a sin. This is a sin. Logically, we should support this and say not to do it, but without knowing this, when we say not to do it, they ask, "Why?" Do you understand? Will you do disco dance or not? "I will not." But when it is said that this is for America, for the world, and for God, then it is okay to dance feverishly 24 hours a day, a month long. (Applause) Then, is this the right statement or not? "It is the right statement."  
If they say, "The Soviet Union is ruining the world, so we do disco dance to kill the Soviet Union," then it is not a sin when done for the sake of humanity. It must be done. (Laughter) Until now, the people of the world have not known this. They do not know this content. They do not know how humanity is constituted and what relationship humanity has with the universe. Therefore, confusion arises. By presenting such orderly content, the universe is organized, and confusion is eliminated. This applies theoretically to everything, to all of history and the universe. Such things are not taught in schools. There are no books on such content in any library. It starts with Reverend Moon. (Applause)  
You must know this and study the principles… Thus, the three stages emerge, and the purpose of creation comes out, all of which are principled. "This is how dual characteristics are. This is how interaction works. This is how the purpose of creation is. This is how the three stages are." It all comes out. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." "Ah, so this is how it is," it all clicks into place.  
Let’s summarize once more. What concept exists in force? What concept exists? Action, action. When thinking of action, what exists? The subject and the object.
Plus minus, you all know that is certainly true. You yourself are the same. Even when you look at me, it is in action, subject and object, mind and body.  
This subject and object are what they are. Where did that come from? I am a consequential being, so it means that a causal being has become like that. I am an individual, but centered around God, the universe is connected. It means that the great universe is connected centered around God. That is what God is. So how am I? I am a relative existence connected to this universe. That action is an automatic action. The universe is the largest mass, and I am the smallest mass in it.  
So in this interaction, my heart says, "Be great, be big." Is that correct or not? "That's correct." This is how it theoretically fits perfectly. If it fits perfectly theoretically, it also fits perfectly in content. Do you understand? Therefore, I am the center. Do you understand this?  
Humans must walk the path of love centered on God.  
Everyone, there is a winch here, and I have a rope attached to it, and I am hanging like this. Sometimes, if I keep pulling it, it goes up, and if I pull it, it goes up, and when it gets higher, it goes over there. That is why people say to rise higher. The higher you are, the faster you get there. So when you climb a high mountain, you find God quickly. It's easy. (Laughter) Therefore, having a thought greater than God is not something God hates. He likes it. Do you understand?  
So what is God's thought? What would God's thought be? Is it a thought of wanting to use the power of thousands of horsepower? Is it a thought of living with power? Is it a thought of trying to create an ideal world with power? "No." Then with knowledge, let's create a world of peace, a world of happiness! "No." Here, if Harvard University professors say, "Harvard University professors are currently dominating the world," would God forgive this? And someone with power, who is that? Muhammad Ali can do it all...  
So can that become an ideal world? "No." Harvard professors, philosophers, what knowledge do they have? "No." Then what do we need, what do we need? "Love." What did we say love was the day before? Love is what? Long long very much! This is what we think love is. (Laughter) This concept is necessary. What is love? Long long very much! That very much is not just love. God is also long long very much, and you are also long long very much... Do you want that love to be short? It means eternally good. (Laughter. Applause) Do you understand? With what, with what? How does God do it? "Long long very much."  
So then, where is God? When we say, "Where is God, the center of the universe?" it is not "He is where I am." It is said that He is at the center of the universe. That is how I would answer as well. I want to be at the center of the universe; I would answer that way. You all feel the same, right? That is the cosmic center, but when we ask if it is a center of power, a center of knowledge, or a center of love, what would God say? "The center of love, long long very much." (Laughter) What is that? "Love." You know that, don't you?  
So is that concept wrong or not? Does it seem plausible? "Yes." Then when I asked you why you are the center of the universe, you said you didn't know, right? (Laughter) Where is God, the center of the universe? He is in the love that is the center of the universe. Therefore, when I ask why I want to be the center of the universe, the answer should be to connect with the center of love in the universe. How wonderful is this? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Centered on God's love, which is the center of the universe, I, though small, am trying to become one as a counterpart of love.  
So where do you want to be? "At the center of God." No, it's the center of love. Do you understand, everyone? Then in terms of the purpose of life, what path should I take? "Ah, I must go in the direction of the center of love in the universe." The purpose is established. There is a path of purpose. In subject and object, there must be a purpose... Then what is the path of purpose? You must walk the path of love centered on the universe. Then where is God going? God is coming to find this path, and I am coming to find this path, so we are bound to meet. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." It is not great to study, nor is it great to seize power. These things all pass, but the path of love remains forever.  
So when we look at the world centered on this worldview and ideal, can a world of peace be envisioned, and can an ideal world be envisioned? Yes, right? "Yes." Here, several hundred people have gathered, and you all understood that you must align with the universe centered on love while listening to the teacher's words. Did you understand? "Yes."  
The Unification Church must walk the path of love and sacrifice for God and the world.  
So when I ask, "Who am I?" and you respond, "I discovered that I am a being who must go for the purpose of love," that is how it comes out. Who am I? Therefore, the universe is in a position to follow humanity, centered on humanity. All things must sacrifice before humanity, and I have realized that all of this exists because of humanity.  
Do you all like steak? "Yes." Even when eating that steak, did you say, "Hey, you! You are going to become the flesh that can love God by entering me!" and eat it? If you do that, it says, "Good. Please eat." Why? Love... This morning, when eating spinach, lettuce, or butter, did you say, "You all are going to become flesh that can receive the high love of God by being eaten by me"? You eat like that. On the day when such a person is born, all things in the universe will line up behind you. Such people naturally earn money; they cannot help but become rich. The universe follows them.  
These days, what are people doing? They are following money. (Laughter) For such people, a tiger follows them, and material things run away. Where does such a person go? They go to hell, all of them to hell.  
So would you follow the material of the world or love? "Love." Love! (Laughter) That is a very wonderful word. (Applause. Laughter) When we talk about love, it wakes us up. (Laughter)  
Now, do you understand? Then is it good to sacrifice my beloved wife for the country and the world, or is it evil? "It is good." Americans, practical Americans say, "Oh...!" But God sacrifices beloved sons and daughters for the sake of humanity. Then here, when the American people want a president, what kind of president do they want? An ideal president who can lead the world even if he is dictatorial. A president who can educate the American people. Is that right or not? "That's right." Today, is Carter doing that? "No." Whatever happens to America, let's go out centered on me; what kind of president is that?  
Reverend Moon is fighting for the world today, even if it is America that dominates the world. He fights for God and humanity. Even if he is alone. The American government does not want to hear this. They must repent. (Applause) Reverend Moon of the Unification Church is not fighting for the Unification Church. He is not fighting for Reverend Moon. He fights for America, for the world, and for God. This is what is wonderful. He fights for the world and for God. Do you understand? It may seem like it will fail, but it will not fail. This is what the universe desires. It all fits with the theory. It all fits with the theory.  
I am a good leader who makes you become the counterpart of love, the counterpart of the center of the universe, right? "Yes, a good leader." Then, should I make you like that even if I have to hit you, or should I just leave you alone? What should I do? Do you think you, who have a tendency toward liberalism, will become with that freedom in a democratic way? Eastern people are trained for the whole; what will you become centered on the individual?  
When you enter the Unification Church, saying, "Wonderful! Good!" is the highest, but saying, "Oh, I can't go!" is the lowest, the lowest. (Laughter) You must overcome that.  
Unification Church members, even after getting married, cannot look at their husbands, cannot kiss them, cannot hold their wrists, and what is this? After 3 or 4 years, when they turn 30, they do not know when they will live. What is this after being born as a woman and passing the period of producing children? Oh, oh... (Laughter) But you must go even while crying. You must go to seek love even if you have to die. (Applause)  
So Reverend Moon is walking that path, knowing that. He knows how the universe becomes like this. Therefore, even if the whole world opposes, I declare that I will go, and I have fought my whole life, have been scolded my whole life, and have been persecuted my whole life while doing this play. Yet, I have not gotten tired. So throughout my life, I have come out alone, and I have run this much. (Laughter) There are plenty of white people who are willing to die for the Unification Church teacher. And there are many black and yellow people who are willing to dedicate their lives for me. That is why white people are going crazy. Oh... So they say they must deprogram or kidnap... But now the universe wants such people. Heaven and earth want Reverend Moon and the Unification Church.  
To walk the path of love, one must struggle with one's life.  
Now, then, you have understood 'I.' You have understood who I am. Did you understand? "Yes." The fact that you have understood yourself is a great success. It is a great success. But can a person with such standards become discouraged? No matter how much the 4 billion people of this world oppose, you must blow it away and go.  
What year is this? "1980." So what is this? You must understand the thought of the subject of the universe. You must have the idea that you will carry the thought of the subject of the universe, no matter what anyone says. From 1980, we are people who possess the thought of the subject of the universe. (Applause) Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."  
Now, you say you love 'I' the most, but you must love your family as you love yourself. You must not only love yourself. You must love your family, your parents, and your siblings. By having this concept, even if you cannot do it and die, a path to the spirit world will be opened. A path to go will be opened. A path for the family to live will be opened.  
Next, I must love the tribe centered on my family, and if I think that our whole family must be for the tribe, the tribal rights will be opened. Also, if I think that I must love the nation by creating this, the national rights will be opened. Furthermore, if I live like this, even the national rights and world rights will be opened, and from the individual to the world, a path to the spirit world will be opened. It will not be blocked. If you do not have this thought, it will all...  
What is hell? Hell is being completely blocked and being alone. It is longing for everything but being unable to do anything. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Intuitively, I can see and feel the vast happiness of the universe, but I am stuck. That is why I cannot connect with people, with any person. So what is Reverend Moon doing? He is conducting a movement to love heaven and earth and to love God centered on this global thought. This is preparing all the paths you will take to the spirit world in the future from now on. Preparing to continuously open the door is a great thing. You must understand this fact.  
If you love and go, any nation, wherever you go, will welcome you. The direction you go will be followed by all. You must know that. Therefore, through this short life, you must understand that you are becoming the master of the vast universe. You must understand that this life path in a competitive society is to determine the master of the vast universe. It is eternal. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." When you see it this way, there is no gambling like this in gambling, and there is no business like this in business. Therefore, you must clearly understand that 'I' am laying this bridge of love.  
Everyone, you want to follow the teacher, right? "Yes." Why? I have no money. I have no money, no knowledge, nothing at all. Why do you follow? Just to study, just to make you work... Like your parents, they just say, "Study, study," right? If you do that, you can say, "Oh, if I don't go to school, why should I study...?" It is the same. That is love. "You, child, study." This is love. Even whipping is for doing well. Because you love the future and love life, you are not loving today, but you are loving life, and that is why it is good. Do you understand? "Yes." Hitting a child is for their life. This is all theoretically proven.  
The issue is love. Because there is love, everything becomes like this. Now we have understood. Now you have understood 'I.' You have understood who 'I' am.  
So when do you want to reach that place of love, when? Ten years later? A hundred years later? A thousand years later? Right now? "Now." Now, now, do you know what now means? Now is close to know. (Laughter) Know means understanding. Everyone, do you know? What is it? Do you know or not? "I know."  
Then can you do it alone? Try doing it alone. Can you do it alone? "No." Then who do you need? "God." Would you like to be pulled by your nose, or would you like to be pulled by your head, or would you like to be dragged by your legs? What is it? Should I say, "Do as you please, do what you want," or should I say, "You little brat, it won't do. Do as I say"? What should I do? It is serious.  
When you look at it, it is good, but knowing that the world has become like this, you must go... Who has the strongest punch to make boxing champions and wrestling champions? If the trainer says something, you grab him by the collar and kick him. (Laughter) If you say, "What kind of trainer is that? I don't like that," you will lose. That is how it is. You must know that.
Training cannot be done with just one trainer. You need to learn from about twelve people. You should travel in all directions, receiving training from Koreans, Japanese, British, Germans, Americans, Chinese... You should receive training from about twelve countries; you need to have this kind of ambition. (Laughter) Even if those twelve people come together to train, you should be able to say, "I will try." Therefore, on the day those people are exhausted and fall over, he will undoubtedly become a champion. (Applause) This is a serious game. This is not just about eating and having fun. If you want to go somewhere and do something... you need to understand that you must engage in serious play for your entire life, risking your life and eternity.

Even if it is difficult and hard, you must walk the path of loving humanity. Now, do the members of the Unification Church know about the spirit world? Do you know that the spiritual realm exists? "Yes." That is something you know theoretically. We are starting from the shortest distance where the spiritual realm makes contact, from the shortest distance. To understand the Unification Church, if you do not understand a Unification Church member who knows that the spiritual realm exists, no matter how many books you read or how much you study, you will not understand. No matter how much you study Reverend Moon, you will not understand why he does what he does, even if he is criticized. Even without seeing, he spends an enormous amount of money in this country, all while doing the opposite of what everyone else is doing... Why is he doing this? It is not because I do not know what I am doing. I am not walking this path without knowing where I am going. I am a smart person. Therefore, the worldview I have is different from theirs. The perspective is different. It is a different dimension.

Then, this path must be walked through the way of religion, but who is the most severe trainer in the religious world? That is Reverend Moon. He is the Reverend Moon whom the world dislikes. What is this? It is a training ground. So, sit down and learn. Oh, what is a chair? You guys! Sit in the cold, you guys! (Applause) And as you grow a little more... (Laughter) Do you understand? This is wonderful. The more severe the tests and training, the more there is nothing difficult. Do you understand? "Yes."

Why is that? Why is that? It is to become a champion quickly. Do you understand? It is the same. When will you do this work? From now on. Throw away all the complaints and whatever you have been saying until now. You must go to the difficult training ground, the hard training ground. You need to seek out the difficult places.

Everyone, they say that fundraising is the most difficult thing right now, but what is difficult about fundraising? If your wife or husband says that fundraising is difficult, there is no hope in that, and wanting to quickly go and do something easy by yourself is all Satan. Satan is telling you not to become a champion. Understand what I mean? "Yes."

If you love, you should go to the difficult places, go as a missionary rather than fundraising, go to Africa as a missionary, go to Cambodia where you might starve to death... (Laughter) Why are you laughing? Do not laugh. Such things, this kind of logic develops normally. Do you understand? If you are going the path of loving humanity anyway, you should go that way quickly. So when Reverend Moon says, "How will you prove that you loved humanity?" where is the proof? "Reverend Moon, you say you love humanity and have done everything, but how will you prove it?" Should you say, "Ah, there is no proof"? "I married all of humanity in the world as if they were my sons and daughters!" That is the proof. Did you do it forcibly, or did you do it as they wished? And what did you do with that? It is not about leaving them alone. It is about paving the way for them to live as far as your strength reaches, together with your sons and daughters. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."

That is why when I go to the spirit world, I cannot oppose whether I go to a white area, a black area, or a yellow area... No matter which area of the five colors I go to, I cannot oppose. I must welcome them. Whether I go to heaven or hell, it is the same. No matter which of the twelve pearl gates I enter, I can go. This represents the twelve people, representing twelve nations. It symbolizes 120. If you say you will follow me by holding onto my backside, you should say, "Oh, that is how it should be." You should say, "Follow me as you please."

Then, if someone asks, "Who are you?" you should say, "So-and-so is so-and-so, Reverend Moon is our father," and if they ask, "How is he your father?" you should say, "It is because it is in accordance with the principle." (Applause. Cheers) Who do I resemble? I resemble my father. My face is similar, my heart is similar, and my talents are similar, so I can do the same work as my father! (Laughter. Applause)

Then, how long will I do this work? I keep talking about it. You must do it until you die. A day is busy; do you know when you will die? If there was someone who hated black people in the past, they should spend the whole day fundraising, taking the black woman they disliked the most to a Chinese restaurant for lunch, treating her well, and forgiving all of that past. (Laughter)

Then, they should say, "I used to hate Chinese people like this, but I became a Mu-ni and learned that I must love you, so I cannot help but do this. If you forgive me for my past mistakes, my heart will be relieved." They should plead. Also, if black people hated white people, they should repent to the ugliest white person. They must forgive all of that. As a black person, do you understand? "Yes." Everything must be forgiven. You all must forgive as well.

If there is a man who has sinned greatly by violating all women, he should find one woman and say, "I did this in the past, so please represent and forgive all my sins..." Such games must be played. The same goes for women. Divorced women or divorced men should do the same. To be forgiven for their divorce, they should treat that person like God and plead for forgiveness, and they must all forgive. You should not get divorced. Divorce should not happen. Do you understand what I mean? You must forgive everything.

This year, you must do all of that. You must clean up the past completely. Clean it up thoroughly. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." This is a difficult task. It is a difficult task.

Whether it is in finding a husband, finding children, or finding God, you must understand that the more difficult the path you take, the more valuable it is. If you find something easily, its value is as low as its ease. The more difficult it is, the more valuable and precious it is. Do you understand? "Yes." When I say I know God and love God, it is fundamentally different from what you know and love. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, you must suffer. You must suffer for your entire life. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." The question of how to shorten the period of seeking true love is the duty of humans to fulfill while they are alive. Will you be a failure or a success? "Success."

To establish the world of God's love, you must fight with your life. I have understood that I am "I." Now you know who I am? You must know that I came from my mother, that I came from my father, and that I came from God. When you say "I," you must already know that you represent God, your father, and your mother. This whole is perfected through me. It is completed through me.

Thus, it becomes the realm of the son-in-law, and the third stage is the realm of the son-in-law, and what do you do in this realm of the son-in-law? The center of the realm of the son-in-law is needed. What is the center of the realm of the son-in-law? This is it. What is it? "God's love." That's right. It is love, love. The center of the family is love. (While writing on the board)

Now, when you look at this realm of the son-in-law in three dimensions, what is it? When viewed in three dimensions, it becomes one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. The reason the number seven is a number of completion is that it is a place where love can dwell in this sense, so the number seven becomes a number of completion. When viewed in three dimensions, this is four in a plane, and if you draw this again vertically, it becomes six. One, two, three, four, five, six. (While writing on the board)

You must understand that the number seven is a number of completion. It is the point of love. Now, this is also one, two, three, it must be like this. Also, when you look at this one line, there are two here, and this connects with the middle point, forming three points. Thus, the number twelve, the number twelve comes out. Do you understand?

So, centered around this number twelve, the universe becomes twelve months, and the twelve pearl gates of heaven come out. Jacob's twelve sons, Moses's twelve tribes, Jesus's twelve apostles, all of them are aligned with this heavenly and earthly number. So, what is an ideal person? An ideal person is someone who can align their heart with the twelve people like Jesus's twelve disciples. That represents 120 nations, representing all of humanity. Therefore, among these three, there is someone like Judas Iscariot.

This is spring, summer, autumn, and winter. This is the spring season, this is the summer season, this is the autumn season, and this is winter, where it freezes. They all exist. (While writing on the board) This is all necessary. Do you understand? "Yes." If there had been no fall, we should have started from the spring season civilization, but instead, we have the autumn season civilization... Now, the Soviet Union is invading the cold zone civilization. What is this? It is to seek the spring season civilization.

Why do we start from the summer season? It is because humans have not seen the flowers. We have not made an ideal start. The ideal love realm that can blossom around God's love has not emerged. Because of the fall, a tragic history has unfolded. It is all like that. When all the leaves fall, life remains on the branches. Therefore, life only remains in a culture of love. Do you understand? "Yes."

So, where do we move to? We are moving toward the communists. The spring season civilization, toward the ideal, toward God's ideal. In the language of the Unification Church, this is called the "Zhonghua Civilization" (中和文明), the "Yuanhua Civilization" (圓和文明). (While writing on the board)

To overcome this, we must pull the spring season, pull the autumn season, and pull the winter season. We must pull the opposing forces over. We must overcome this. We must risk our lives to overcome it. Do you understand? "Yes." That is how it must turn. This world must turn that way. The Soviet civilization is temporary. No matter how loud the communists shout, they will break apart. (Applause) The problem is centered around love. When love comes, everything will be opened up. Everything is collapsing. Then, there will be no place in the world that does not connect. Do you understand?

Now you understand what you must do. You must become the center of the realm of the son-in-law, and then, like what Jesus did, centered around twelve people... You are the same. Do you understand? In America, they talk about the number thirteen, but the number thirteen is this, the number thirteen. (While writing on the board) When they say thirteen, they say it is the worst number, right? This thirteen is not the worst number; it is the best number. It is the hardest number. America does not know this. Because America does not know this, it is now failing.

You must digest the most difficult things to give the condition that you loved the world. If you cannot digest the hardest things, you will get caught up in this. If you cannot digest it, you will die. Only by digesting this will America survive. (Laughter) Therefore, you must all love the number thirteen, the members of the Unification Church must all love the number thirteen even more. (Laughter)

Then, even in the world of Satan... even in winter, you will survive. If you cannot surpass this number thirteen, you will die in winter. Right now, America is saying, "Oh, we will fail because of the communists," right? They must swallow it. They must swallow it and digest it. Hurry up and come! And then you must overcome it. America needs a strong person as its president. They must digest this so that the love of the number thirteen centered around Jesus... that must happen, right? Isn't that the place where humanity's cross lies? Who is currently doing this? All the Mu-ni are doing it. This "B" means this. The "B" stands for "become," "believe," and then what is "B"? "Brave," think of it like this. (Applause) Because the Mu-ni is responsible for America, America will not fail because of us! How wonderful is that?

So why do we do fundraising? We must pass the twelve-person form, we go to get signatures, to receive receipts. How wonderful is that? We run to get signatures that we loved the twelve nations, 120 nations, the world. How wonderful is that? "You gave me money as a sign that you love me." How wonderful is that? "Because of me, you will receive blessings. The Mu-ni will receive blessings, your nation will receive blessings, and I will receive blessings." 

Also, why do we do home church? It is to go and find people centered around love. Do you understand? To get signatures... Reverend Moon, the teacher, must surely believe that you are all his parents, and when the teacher gets a signature, you are going there with him. How wonderful is that?

When you go to a house, they say, "Oh, the Mu-ni has come, the Mu-ni who has come to kill me." The first time, many people said this. The second time, they say, "You little Mu-ni!" The third time, they say, "I can't stand this!" The fourth time, they say, "Hmm-" It changes. When you see that, you think, "Wow, what a stubborn person the Mu-ni is!" It is interesting to see how it changes. (Laughter) It gradually changes. In the end, they say, "Wow, this is strange!" What is that? Everything is melting away. All the walls are collapsing. "The heavenly gate I can return to, the wall is collapsing!" This is it. This is where I must quickly weave the bones together, the wall is collapsing! If every house in the 360 houses smiles and welcomes you, then heaven is being realized. The time of my hope is coming. How wonderful is this?

After about three years, everyone will come out and wait for the lady. When you ask, "Why are you waiting?" they say, "It is morning, so please eat and go." When evening comes, they are waiting again. When you ask, "Why are you waiting again?" they say, "Please stay overnight at our house." Then they wait again. When you ask, "Why are you waiting again?" they say, "Today is my birthday, it is a festive day..." 

That is conquering the world. It is conquering the world with love. How hopeful is this? Thus, this universe can complete the position of becoming the center of the universe centered around God's love. This is a fact. How wonderful is this? From here, I must win over the methods of indemnity for restoration one by one, restore history, love humanity, and in the heavenly hope, I must become like Apollo 11, like a missile. I must become the love of Apollo 11.
it will be good! (Applause) 

Who is that? It's me. Would you like to be like that? Would you like to try? Women, when you look at your face, you say, "Oh my, why is my nose like this? Oh my, why are my eyes like this? Oh my, why is it like this? I wish I looked more beautiful." But it doesn't matter at all. Don't worry. (Laughter) Do you understand? "Yes." No matter what your clothes are like, just run, run. No matter what your hair is like, or how your manicure is… So, would you like to try? "Yes." It doesn't matter if a man can't go to college or wherever. How will you run? Faster than a jet plane, faster than a running car… How will you run? Would you like to try running on this runway? "Yes!" Really? "Yes." In the past, your hearts went separately, your eyes went separately, your thoughts went separately, your feet went separately, each went their own way. Your eyes went this way, your thoughts went that way. Your ears went this way, your mouth went that way, everything went separately. (While writing on the board) 

When the eyes taste love, they go to one place, and the nose, ears, heart, and body all go to one place when they love. Everything goes together, but what leads the way? It's your heart, your heart. Then comes the body. Then the limbs, torso, nose, all of it. 

Now, let’s fly like an arrow! If I become an arrow and pierce into God's heart, it cannot be pulled out. It all passes. Then God doesn't say, "Oh, it hurts." He says, "Oh, how nice! Oh, how nice!" Think about it, I live in God's love, in a place where others cannot see. God comes and goes as I go… Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Let’s run towards that purpose in the 80s. Amen! Amen! "Amen!" (Applause) 

**Boundary Line** 

In the world we live in, there are many systems. Each of these systems has its own boundary line. Likewise, in our daily lives, there are boundary lines set in various fields. And beyond those boundary lines, something else, or another world, is established. 

To cross the boundary line, the body and mind must become one. 

Now, when we look at it this way, there is a boundary line even in the fallen world. Conversely, in the heavenly side, whether it’s heaven or paradise, there is also a boundary line, as good and evil are in confrontation. 

We must understand that there are times when we need to cross that boundary line and times when we should not. When we are surrounded in any kind of war, we must overcome that siege line. To do that, we must overcome all actions and obstacles that form that boundary line. We must break through. Therefore, this boundary line, like a limit or border, must necessarily act around these two worlds. 

The path of the principle taught in our Unification Church is not found everywhere. There is a path to follow. There is a limited path. Each individual has a boundary line they must follow. 

However, this boundary line can only be crossed when the individual's body and mind become one. This is something that must be crossed anyway. Now, can the heart go separately from the body? No, it cannot. To cross this, the body and mind must become one. Who determines the principle of becoming one? It is not me who determines it. It has already been established. That which is established is not just by chance but is established by the Creator according to the principles of creation. In following these principles, there is a formal path that must be adhered to. 

Now, when this becomes one, in our principles, when the subject and object become one, it must become the center, the central line. Then, where does this center connect? It connects with the path of principles and simultaneously with the infinite path. Therefore, in becoming one, in the act of two becoming one, that place of unity must necessarily connect with this central line. It is connected to the central line. 

The world we live in is a fallen world, a realm of fall. Therefore, we must escape from this fallen world. We must break through this line, this boundary line we call the realm of fall. We must break through this boundary line that restricts us. To break through this as an individual, one must become completely one. One must become completely one. 

Then, who do these two become one around? They become one for a common purpose, for a common goal. That purpose is achieved here, but what is achieved is not theirs. In other words, if there is a Creator, to become one, they must enter a position that aligns with the Creator's purpose. Then, when the subject and object become one, what happens? When they enter into oneness, that purpose also rises to become one. Because this purpose is fulfilled, if the Creator is present, the Creator descends to where this purpose is fulfilled. This is the position. Thus, they gather into one place. 

However, this also applies to our relationships with others and in our work. In work, when I work, I must give and take regarding that work. When giving and taking occurs, the purpose of that work is fulfilled. Then, as that work is accomplished, it brings us closer to fulfilling the overall purpose. It is the same principle. 

From this perspective, the principle states that when the subject and object completely become one and give and take, God is present. That conclusion is reached. In the East, when giving something, it is customary to give with both hands. This is etiquette. Since this itself is the object of purpose, it expresses the heart by making it one. When this becomes one, it does not just remain still; it moves. So, when it becomes one and moves, where does it go? Does it go this way or that way? Where does it go? (While writing on the board) This is the problem. Where does it go when it becomes one? "Up." Why up? Because this is the principle, it turns. When it turns, it is naturally drawn in. 

Now, when we look at the whole, this itself turns due to the action of centrifugal and centripetal forces, so it is bound to revolve around this center. The centrifugal and centripetal forces act, and when the centripetal force is stronger than the centrifugal force, it is bound to be drawn in. When these are parallel, they revolve in a single line, but when the centripetal force is strong, it is drawn in. And when the centrifugal force is strong, it moves. It moves. When the centrifugal force is strong, the center shifts. It is the same. God is the subject of all power, and because this does not move, it is naturally drawn in. 

**There is no boundary line in the heart** 

So, why do we want to become one today? Why must we become one? When you go to school, you become one with the teacher, and when you go home, you become one with your parents, or among friends, you become one centered around a leading leader, all of which is based on good, urging you to unite with the good side, not the evil side. Isn't that right? 

So, what is good? Who determines what is good? There must be many qualities that can correspond to this. The subject, the Creator, must harmonize with the principles of creation, and the qualities of the Creator must be harmonized with, possessing such character that becomes the subject. Then, what is good? What is considered good? It is not centered around me, but it is public. What is good is that which is for the greater whole. 

Now, how is our body structured? Our body is made up of two parts. It consists of subject and object. Within me, there is a person of heart and a person of body. These two must become one to live. Now, is there anyone who says, "My body is the subject, not my heart"? "No." 

Then why is the heart public? The heart does not say, "After helping all the white people in the world, 'Okay, that's enough.'" No, the heart says, "Hey, not only help the white people, but also help the black people, help the black people." Even after helping all the black people, the heart does not stop. If it has given for people, it must also give for animals and love all things. The heart is urged to do infinitely. It keeps urging. 

Why is that? Because the heart is vast and boundless. The heart itself has no boundary line. However, this body says, "Forget about the person next to me! Just me…" It says it doesn't need anything else. Just me… Is that how the body is? "Yes." The body always tries to stay centered around itself. Thus, a conflict arises here. One wants to pull it along, and the other does not want to go… The body disregards the heart and says, "I will not do as you wish. I will do as my body wishes," and then the heart interferes, saying, "You did well or you did wrong." Even if the body does what it wants and later thinks, "Oh, that was nice," it hides behind or stays alone, but it just complains. However, when the heart pulls the body to do as it wishes, and the body gets exhausted and collapses, feeling tired and unable to move, then the heart is also pleased and rests. 

Is that true, everyone? "Yes." (Laughter) That's how it is. No matter how tired and exhausted the body is, when it sleeps, it spreads its limbs and sleeps comfortably. Even if it faces death hundreds of times, even if it enters a suffocating situation, the heart is pleased. The body may become evil and do as it wishes, trying to take over the world all at once, doing great things and saying, "I’m done," but it is attacked from all sides. "You rascal, you rascal," and it is attacked 24 hours a day from all sides. Even if it tries to detach the heart, it cannot. Always, "Hey, you! You are a bad guy, a bad guy, this kind of guy, that kind of guy…" it is attacked forever, eternally. 

So, looking at it this way, can the body conquer the heart? "No." That’s right. The body can never conquer the heart. However, the heart can conquer the body. Do you understand? 

**God's resting place is where true love exists** 

So, which is the subject? Is the one that can be conquered the subject, or is the one that can conquer the subject? Now, when the body and heart become one, what will they do? What are they going to do? When they become one, they go to the one who is the subject of the heart, to the one who is the subject of the heart. For example, when a student goes to school, if they completely become one with the subject, where do they go? They do not go to a place of ruin. Do they go to a place of success or a place of ruin? They go to a place of success. In other words, when a student becomes completely one with the teacher, what happens to that student? They succeed. They go to a good place. Isn’t that right? "Yes." The same goes for companies. When you go to work and do well, if you align completely with the company's purpose, you will rise higher in that company. The same applies to nations. If you center around the nation and completely become one with it, you will rise to a higher place. Do you understand? "Yes." That’s how it is. 

Now, from this perspective, what does the heart love the most? It loves what is good. It loves what is good. So, what is good? What is the core of goodness? "God." If it is God, what must God have at the center? Must He have power and strength, or must He have wisdom? What is it? What is the core that can constitute God? What is the strong entity with power? "Love." There is nothing else. It must be love, strength, money, knowledge, or something like that. What is it? "True love." Yes, true love! (Applause) 

From this perspective, in going towards true love, true love must unite with true love, right? If true love is the subject, then there must be true love entities. Only then can they become one. Evil love cannot unite with true love. 

Now, do we humans need true love? "Yes." Why do we need it? Why? "Close to God." Why is "close to God" necessary? Why do we want to get close to God? Because we are the subject of true love. That conclusion is reached. 

So, where will God go? Where is God's ultimate resting place? Where is the resting place for humanity? Where is the resting place for all things? You all feel it too, right? When you wake up in the morning, you feel energized, right? So, what kind of place is that resting place? It is not a place that gives you strength. What kind of place is it? "True love." Why do we need true love? What is true? "Unchanging." That is true. (Laughter) 

So, what kind of path does true love take? It is the straightest path. To put it in electrical terms, there are many wires, but even if they are laid on the same line, where does the current flow fastest? It flows through the shortest path. Even if it is difficult, it tries to flow that way. Is that right? "Yes." Even if it is a struggle, it tries to go through the short path quickly. Even if it sparks, it rushes through. 

Now, in the relationship between God and humanity, there must be such a path. What is that direct path? "True love." Yes, true love. Do you all like true love? "Yes." To like true love means to like the path of true love. So, what are we trying to do? We are trying to surround God, God. We are trying to make God ours. It is not about me becoming God's, but making God mine. (Applause) We are making God ours. Do you understand? There is that privilege. There is that privilege. 

**God created humans with body and heart to enable giving and receiving** 

Now, God made us humans in two parts. Did He do well? Why did He make the body and heart as two? "To give and receive." What does that mean? If God and I were just related like this, would it be fun? It is to make the whole world move. It is to make the whole world revolve and connect to God. 

When you wear clothes, you like black clothes, red clothes, and want all kinds of colorful clothes, right? And you want animals and plants too, right? When you look at toys at home, you have things like kittens, piglets, chicks, and little bugs, right? Isn’t that so? You also have flowers and trees, right? When you are with your beloved husband, do you think, "Oh, this is enough!"? Do you think that is enough? The animals must also respond and react positively. When the owner loves everything,
Think about how animals love and how all the plants in that garden love too. And when the owner is busy and unable to think of what they love, the birds chirping and seeing the two in love say, 'Ah, I should be like that too.' They encourage each other. 

Why do women wear earrings and nose rings? (laughter) They want to have even one more thing, and they try to attach something more precious. That's how the world of art is. You all say that keeping the playground clean is the best, and that's true. Now, let's say you've cleaned the playground completely. If you've made it spotless, without a speck of dust or a single leaf, would you say, 'That's good!'? Even if you've made it perfectly clean, you still need to put at least one rock there. You clear everything else away and place this one rock there, and then you feel good about it. (laughter) That's the world of art. (laughter) People are like that. That's why such triangular relationships exist...

If you choose love according to the direction of your heart, synthesis, construction, and unity will be achieved. Today's title is 'Boundary Lines,' and how many boundary lines are there in this world? How many boundary lines are there? When you think about living within all those many boundary lines, don't you feel suffocated? Nowadays, all the young people are constrained by the system and have become slaves to the established order, and in order to break free from this, various movements like hippies and others emerge.

So what are they seeking? They are seeking the path of love known as free sex. They call it the love of freedom. What is that? It lacks true content. 'What is truth? What is that?' they say. They also lack direction. So then, is there truth? What is the difference between truth and falsehood? Truth has a clear sense of direction. The purpose and direction are clear. On the other hand, falsehood is indifferent. It doesn't matter at all. Whether a single man or woman loves their grandparents freely, it doesn't matter.

What has been happening in this wicked world until now? They dislike all boundary lines, but while seeking love, that love is love without order. It is love without direction. It is love without purpose. Then, is that love the kind that follows the desires of the body, or the kind that follows the desires of the heart? "The body..." They all use love. They all use it. It is not public; they use everything centered around themselves.

From this perspective, the most representative country in the world is America. Is that right? "Yes." Conversely, what is it that the Unification Church is causing problems in a country like America today? It is to bring forth our ideal love. We must go beyond all boundary lines.

So then, what is that love? It is choosing love while following the direction of the heart. It is about organizing. Going in that direction leads to destruction, chaos, and exploitation, but this side leads to synthesis, construction, and unity. As I mentioned earlier, the body and mind are divided like this; were they originally meant to be divided and fight like this, or were they meant to become one? If God exists, why would He create them to fight, making the body not move according to the heart's desires? If God did that, then that God wouldn't be very wise.

From complete negation, a complete person emerges. 

Now, look at your face. Your eyes, for example, are set up to move collectively, adjusting to each other, focusing precisely, not moving according to their own will. The focus is always the same. If this nose, for instance, gets blocked while breathing, what happens? When you catch a cold, your nose gets stuffy, right? (making a face) 

Now, if one eye is slightly off, it can be painful, and if the nose is even a little off, it can be uncomfortable. If the body and mind are not aligned, think about how painful that would be. You must feel that pain. How excruciating that pain is! If your right hand and left hand are not coordinated, and if even one of them is slightly off, you would try to hide it, calling it a disability. But a person who is not even aware that their body and mind are not one is the worst kind of disabled person. 

It's like being a crippled person, limping along, saying, 'Oh! I'm so handsome. Oh, look at me!' Just look at that. How ugly and disabled is that? Think about how God, who knows that you are disabled, and the spirit world would feel when they see you. Would they say, 'Hey, you ugly child, oh, look at that...' or would they say, 'Oh, you wonderful child, you are right'?

So do you know that you are disabled? "No." Did God create you like that? God did not create you like that. You have become sick. You have become sick. It happened because of a malfunction. So what caused this malfunction? It is because love, which should unite you, was played with, which caused the malfunction. That love should follow God's side, the heart's side, but it followed the body's side. Who caused that? Satan. Because Satan became the master of the body, the body and mind became the same plus. The body's plus emerged before the heart's plus, not a minus.

Now, this is the boundary line. This emerged centered around love. Why did it split like this? Since it became like this because of love, to unite it, we need to use a higher dimension of love. Only then can we pull it together; otherwise, there is no way. So, how do we achieve true love? We must sacrifice and eliminate everything that is centered around ourselves. If that disappears, what happens? Automatically, they become the same. Therefore, deny it! You must deny it. If God exists, what is God's method of salvation? It is negation. So, 'Deny! Deny your body! Deny the body!'

Then where does that negation start? There is a logic that a complete person comes from complete negation. A complete person comes from complete negation. Doesn't that make sense? Therefore, religion is about serving and doing that. Even if they are scorned... This body says, 'What is there to endure insults, you child?' This history has changed in the era of the Unification Church.

In order for the heart to conquer the body, it must overcome many boundary lines. What do the democratic world and the communist world want? They cannot distinguish between subject and object. They both claim to be the subject. Satan says, 'Matter is the most important. Matter is God.' Satan wants to leave an eternal base there. However, what does God say? 'That is not it. The eternal base is here. God is the center.' Satan says, 'If love is centered around matter, animalistic love is enough,' while God says, 'No. You must have ideal and rational love.' Love with purpose is ideal love, principled love. 

Because love is absolutely one, it cannot have two standards. It is not two loves; it is absolutely one, so one man and one woman must become one. This is not zigzag; it is a straight line. Is it a straight line to go this way, going this way and that way? "No." 

When looking at this issue, today's American society is a family that has become the offering of Satan. It is a doomed family. Why is it doomed? From God's perspective, there is not even a single point of hope. There is no possibility at all. Now, do you understand this? "Yes." What is this body? "The subject." The body is also the subject. Originally, the heart is the subject, right? "Yes." But the body also wants to become the subject. This must be conquered by the heart. 

What is the secret to conquering this? What do we use to conquer this? To conquer this, we must overcome many boundary lines, and to cross those boundary lines, will you fight hundreds of times, or will you cross them all at once? What will you do? "All at once..." 

So Jesus said to carry the cross. He said, 'If you want to follow me, die.' What did he mean by that? He didn't mean to kill the heart. He said, 'Kill the body.' Therefore, those who want to die will live. If the body is killed, the heart will lead everything, and that is how you live.

Before true love, there are no boundary lines. 

Now, these boundary lines, you know, even in the spirit world, there are clubs and social structures, and there are so many that you cannot do as you please. This world cannot be done as you please either. There are so many boundary lines. In this world, with so many boundaries, who can become a free person and an ideal man? It is a person united with true love. It is a person who has true love. If you have true love, you will want to come together, and everyone will want to gather there, whether it is in a company or in a home.

For example, if a beautiful woman says, 'Those who have true love, come here,' and a person with true love comes, she will welcome him with open arms. So how does a true man live when he meets a woman who desires true love? He lives centered around principled love. 'Ah, you are like my sister! You feel like my daughter,' he would say. Because love is based on a completed character through the path of principle, love alone is not enough. 

You must see whether the two stand on principle or not. If she feels like a daughter, she must love like a daughter, and if she feels like a friend, she must love like a friend; this must be possible. It must be anyone. It must be anyone. Do you understand what I mean? Through that love, you are not trying to go far from the kingdom of heaven; you are trying to get closer to it. That is the path of true love. Do you understand? You are trying to get closer to God through that love. If you love centered around yourself, you will inevitably drift away. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Even with all these boundary lines, if there is a person with true love, they will welcome you wherever you go, anywhere. Whether in the spirit world or the physical world, all existing worlds are open centered around true love. There are no boundary lines. (applause) Therefore, the heart acts according to where it wants to go... How fast is the heart? It acts according to where it wants to go. The heart can freely act as allowed. Wow! How big is the heart? It is big enough to embrace God and still be able to sleep peacefully. Truly, that is something to rejoice about.

That is why religion desires love. When this happens, that is a religion that aligns with reason. Do you love your teacher? "Yes (loudly)." Do you really love him? "Yes (even louder)." Here is a mother, and if women say they love, would the mother get angry? "No." (laughter) It is different. If they feel like daughters, they love like daughters, and young women do not think, 'Oh, you are taking my love away.' They all look toward heaven... Heaven thinks in a straight line, not sideways.

That is why even if women live alone, the teacher's family will welcome them all. That is different. That is why people find it strange regarding Reverend Moon of the Unification Church; it is something that no one can understand, no matter how much they study. (applause) Why is that? It is because, without being particularly handsome or having anything, the heart keeps wanting to go. What is that? "True love."

That is why for those who know this, there are no boundary lines. There are no boundary lines where the teacher goes. Whether it is a black person's house, a white person's house, or an Asian person's house, regardless of cultural differences, there are no boundary lines in front of true love. However, in the world of Satan, they say, 'Oh, Reverend Moon is the scariest, the scariest. Oh, oh, oh... If he comes, it's a big deal.' (laughter) When they only hear the words of the Unification Church, because true love is hidden, they jump over walls and run away at night. You guys do that. Even if they receive love from the world of Satan, they would rather die than live, but what happens when they receive love from the heavenly world? They would go even if it meant dying. Look. Even if God's love stretches me like a rubber band, I want to go without breaking. It keeps stretching without breaking. That is why when you go to the spirit world, they say there is a life line, and that is correct. Does it have to break for you to die? (laughing)

Now, you are talking about human freedom, and that is correct. You say you want freedom, you want to be liberated, but what kind of freedom is that? What kind of freedom? Is it freedom concerning gold? What kind of freedom is it? Is it freedom concerning power? Is it freedom concerning knowledge? What kind of freedom is it? 'Give me the freedom concerning love!' That is what they are saying. They are asking for freedom concerning love. Why do they want that? Because it is the liberation of the whole. It is the liberation of the whole. The freedom of the whole begins from there...

If you have true love, whether your mother or father appears anywhere, day or night, 24 hours, you will be dignified. With true love, you will be dignified before any king or any authority, anywhere, 24 hours. No matter how scary or strict God is, you will always be dignified. Freedom, complete freedom. Look. You do not think of exploiting all those who are fundraising and such. You want to add more. Do you understand?

Hey, once you shoot this arrow, if you shoot the true love arrow around the earth, it will hit God's heart wherever it goes. It will hit God's heart here, and it will hit God's heart there; it will hit wherever you go. (laughter) It is the same everywhere, no matter where you are. This is not just talk; it is a fact. When you go to the spirit world, that is how it is.

If we score true love and say it is 100 points, that 100 points of true love will resonate everywhere. It can go in all directions, east, west, south, and north; it can go this way and that way, freely. It can even go upside down and roll around. It can do anything.

However, when it is 50 points, a wall of 50 emerges. If this is 10 percent, a wall of 90 percent, a boundary line, emerges. Do you believe that? Do you understand that? "Yes." Look. A person who scores 100 points in college will act with that 100 points for their whole life. Do you understand? "Yes." If someone received a perfect score at Harvard University, people would say that person who got a perfect score at Harvard is going over there.

Now, there are many schools, private schools, and all sorts of schools, but what kind of university does the Unification Church want? "True love." Hmm, true love. That's true! (laughter) When you look at worldly universities, what do you see? The most prestigious university in the world, Harvard, is also the most disordered in love. There, they just freely engage in directionless love and destructive love, which is considered freedom in all directions. That is the world of Satan.
If it is the end of the world, the Unification Church is the end of the heavenly world, so it practices principled and telescopic love, telescopic love. We are strict. Even when sitting, men and women sit separately. (The recording briefly cuts out) So what are we trying to do? What is the purpose? "True Love." What will we do with that True Love? We want to have infinite liberation, infinite liberation. What does that mean? If we have true love, no matter how great God is, even if we climb up with our feet, God will be pleased. (Laughter. Applause) It is through love, you see, if we embrace love and try to leap over with our legs raised, God will say, "Come on, get on. Come on, get on." (Laughter) When we go to the spirit world, it is really like that. When such a person enters, the throne where God is in heaven will shift forward. It is not that I am going there. The whole heaven automatically comes to me. Reverend Moon knows this… It sounds delusional. From a worldly perspective, it seems like a delusional ideal. (Applause) Our mission is to liberate humanity.

What if we were brainwashed in front of true love? Is it just brainwashing? Is it just brainwashing? It can be reborn, reborn cells, worldly, worldly eyes; all of that is allowed. (Applause) Do you dislike that? Is there anyone who opposes that? "No." That’s what you worry about, not being able to do it. When you say "brainwash," when the kids are brainwashed, you are told to conclude with true love. (Cheers. Applause) If the body and mind align only with true love, they become completely one. With such a mindset, Jesus told us to love even our enemies. True love conquers even the world of enemies.

Through the 40-year history of this claim, this is our mission. If that happens, we can live joyfully for thousands and tens of thousands of years without a limit, and we are given the gift to live joyfully for millions of years. Do you oppose the Unification Church because you truly don’t know it, or do you oppose it after hearing the principle? Do you oppose it knowing? You might say, "Oh, let those who oppose be punished. God, strike them all," but what about those who don’t know? Where is the law for those who don’t know the law and don’t know anything? Can you punish someone who doesn’t know what sin is? Even in court, a judge must recognize and rule through a lawyer and prosecutor that he is a sinner. Here, there is no lawyer, no knowledge of sin, no understanding of the situation, no criminal law, nothing at all; how can there be a judge, how can there be a lawyer, and how can there be a prosecutor? Therefore, we have a responsibility to teach them.

So, for such people, I must think that I have not been responsible. We must teach them. We must have that kind of mindset. So how much would those people repent if they truly knew the Unification Church? Would they repent or not? "They will." There are many boundaries everywhere, but we must understand that we have come to find the privileged standard that can overcome these boundaries and liberate anywhere. Reverend Moon chose this path.

If you have the ability to subdue your own body, creating a clan or a tribe is not a problem at all. The hardest thing is the body. That’s why when the teacher knew this and paved the way, the slogan was "Complete self-governance before universal governance." No matter how much you hope for peace and happiness, you cannot overcome this boundary. You must break through this to find happiness. Would you like to try it? "Yes." Towards the world of freedom, towards the heavenly kingdom of freedom… How much criticism must you face while doing disco dances? How sinful is that?

Now, would you like to go? "Yes." Let’s see who wants to raise their hand. May God’s blessing be upon you! (Applause. Park Bo-hee prays)

Let’s prepare for the next generation. 

In the future, we will try to limit the number of people coming to these gatherings. Of course, I know that many want to meet the teacher. However, from a public perspective, there are many who target the teacher, so you must understand that we cannot avoid such measures when considering security issues. We cannot avoid it. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

There are many enemies who hate the teacher. I have no enemies, but those people think I am encroaching on their world and appearing under the influence of opposition, so you must know that there are all kinds of people. In their minds, if Reverend Moon is not there, this organization will disappear. That is a wrong thought. It cannot disappear. As long as God exists, it cannot disappear, but they think that way. You do not know that well. You do not know what the current situation behind the scenes is like. The teacher knows that.

Because the teacher is so famous, for about the next 5 or 6 years… There is a world that cannot do without the teacher in the future, so when thinking about this, you must understand that we cannot avoid such an environment being limited rather than public for the sake of the overall purpose.

Now, you will not know where the teacher has gone. You will not know where he is. The teacher is trained for such things. He knows better than anyone how the underground organizations of the communist world operate. You know nothing. You know nothing. You are also receiving some notifications from the government. You must understand that you are receiving notifications that certain facts are undeniable. Spiritually, I also know that about six or seven organizations are planning such things. Do you know that or not? Do you understand what I mean?

Therefore, when you sit down, you do not know who will sit around you. You do not know who it is. That is the kind of environment that can exist. Here, they set up explosive devices and lit three cigarette lighters to blow up, but all three went out. All three went out. This was heaven’s help. You must fight for your whole life like that. Until now, you have always been pioneering while risking your life amidst threats, intimidation, and coercion.

From now on, once this third seven-year course is over, the teacher will not take such risks anymore. Moreover, he should not take risks. There is still much work to do. From now on, there is more to leave for the next generation. Do you understand? We must prepare for the Unification Church a thousand years from now, and while I am alive, I must establish all the norms regarding the various divisions that will occur in the satanic world. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." The teacher has a lot to do. So, understand that… It is not that the teacher does not want to meet you. The teacher is not playing. The teacher is working. He continues to do so. However, he does not do it publicly. Do you think that is necessary? "Yes." 

Even with a president of a nation at the center, how serious is the security issue? 

That is why there are such problems, such as family issues, issues regarding children, and many double and triple problems that you do not think about. Therefore, we are entering a stage where a nation for us is necessary. Do you understand what I mean? You should think that way too. Do you understand? "Yes."

So from now on, on Sundays, about 100 or more key members will be able to attend here. Newcomers will not be able to come. Especially guests coming from abroad may be exceptions. Bo-hee, who spoke this morning, should already know and set limits on attendance. "Yes." That is for the whole. It is not for Reverend Moon. Reverend Moon is not a personal being. He is a public being, so he acts publicly. He does it for the whole.

Now, the teacher must appear here for that to happen; if he does not appear… Such training is necessary. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Those who do not come will be fine. "No." You will only realize how precious this Belvedere is after it has passed. Do you know why? "Yes."

During the Yankee Stadium event, everyone brought pistols and did all sorts of things, which you publicly do not know about, right? There are many such things. You must know that our Unification Church members are also going through such things. So, we have no choice but to create seals and teach self-defense and karate.

The Communist Party infiltrated the religious world. 

When it comes to the Communist Party, everyone is scared and retreats, but we are advancing and resisting. The person at the forefront is Reverend Moon. I did everything to dissolve the Japanese Communist Party. The world Communist Party knows all about it. (Applause) The Communist Party knows. The United States, as the prototype of capitalism, is now being consumed by the Communist Party, and they are anxious because Reverend Moon has appeared and is completely rearming to counterattack, which they think is not far off. You must understand that they are making a total attack from a nervous position. I am the one educating Korea as an anti-communist nation. Reverend Moon is doing that. I have also expelled communism from the universities in Japan, and that is all my doing. It is a nation that gives Kim Il-sung a shock and influence.

Reverend Moon knows exactly what he will do in America. The term "brainwash" was invented by the Communist Party. They have created all sorts of false propaganda books, and it has become the standard language for attacking the Unification Church in this free world of America. Even things like the KCIA were all invented by the Communist Party. You must know that.

Where are the Communists now? They are among Christians. The Communist Party is in all Christianity. There is no place where they are not.

Recently, when I was doing anti-communist activities, a Korean-American youth wrote a letter pleading for help. He reported that so-and-so is a communist and who is in the university, giving a complete report. He received instructions from the leadership to go to the established church and become the youth president. They are making him come to work every day while giving large donations on Sundays. They are occupying everything. Do you understand what I mean?

You must understand that the U.S. State Department and the media are all under that influence. You probably do not know. It has been made explicit centered around Congressman Fraser. By suppressing this new organization of the free world here and attacking Korea, they believe that it is possible to dominate the communist world in Asia and defend the Pacific coast. (Applause)

Look. Now legally, there is nothing they can do with the IRS, SEC, and the Ministry of Justice, the State Department, and Congress. Now, they cannot catch anything. Only violence remains, violence. Do you know how Kennedy died? Do you know how Martin Luther King died? You may not know the backgrounds, but the teacher knows them well.

You do not know how the conspiracies behind a nation, such as those of the CIA and KGB, intersect and operate. The teacher is ultimately a witness and attacker of those two worlds. Furthermore, he is also attacking Christianity and Judaism. The fact that there are so many enemies means that they are that strong. To you, I may be a good teacher, but in that world, I am the scariest person. (Laughter) There, I am a monster. That is why I am an extreme person. If I am bad, I am the worst; if I am good, I am the best. I am not someone in the middle.

Therefore, to protect the teacher, you must go beyond those enemies, right? That is simple. Each of you must have that awareness, each of you. Wherever I go, everyone immediately knows that is Reverend Moon. So, I have no choice but to spend time in East Garden. (Laughter)

Here, the king of Iran is fighting and going to Colombia, but there is nowhere to go, just like him. They cannot go because they are increasingly despairing and hopeless, but I cannot go freely even though I have hope. The Unification Church can go anywhere. We must overcome this path. Now is the time to properly navigate this and move forward. We must do this over the next few years. Knowing that, even if the teacher does not appear, you must achieve the results you are responsible for this year. Let’s stop talking for today. (Applause) 
* 
Selected Words of Reverend Sun Myung Moon, Volume 106 
Printed January 15, 2002 
Published January 25, 2002 
Editor: Compilation Committee of the Words of Reverend Sun Myung Moon 
Publisher: Hwang Seon-jo 
Publishing Company: Seonghwa Publishing Co., Ltd. 
Address: 172-1 Cheongpa-dong 1-ga, Yongsan-gu, Seoul 
Phone Number: 715-3894~6, 701-0110 (Cheongpa Bookstore) 
FAX Number: 701-1991 
Registration Number: No. 3-98 
Registration Date: May 20, 1961