Mr. Moon Sun-myung's Selected Words  
114  
Mr. Moon Sun-myung's Words Compilation Committee  

Foreword  
                   President of the World Peace Unification Family Association  Hwang  Seon-jo  

Table of Contents  
  Foreword …………………………………………………… 3  
··························································································9  
······················································································· 70  
·····················································································156  
·····················································································165  
·····················································································190  
·····················································································277  
·····················································································400  
·····················································································400  

8  
9  
O God, fulfill Your will  
I apologize for my hoarse voice.  
To all the Christian leaders and esteemed guests gathered here this evening! I sincerely thank you for coming together in such great numbers.  
The title of the message I wish to share with you today is "O God, fulfill Your will," "O God, make Your will come to pass." I will speak briefly on this topic.  
The will of God is to complete the ideal of creation.  
Many people are talking about the will of God. However, when we ask, "What is the will of God?" it seems like a simple question, but it is extremely difficult to answer. Until now, many believers have prayed, "O God, fulfill Your will." Moreover, we live our faith to realize that will.  
If I were to define the question, "What is the will of God?" I would say, "It is to complete the ideal of God's creation."  
What does it mean to complete the ideal of God's creation? It means to fulfill the ideal of humanity. In other words, centered on Adam and Eve, all of creation must unite before God's will to realize the ideal of Adam and Eve. To put it in the words of the Unification Church, it can be said that "it is to fulfill the ideal of the son-in-law."  
To fulfill this will of God, Jesus came, and Christianity has followed that will. Therefore, we believers scattered around the world must uphold the will of Jesus and realize God's will on this earth.  
The ideal world that God originally intended has not been realized due to human fall.  
So when we ask whether the ideal world that God envisioned, that is, the world He created, has been realized, the answer is no. This is because humanity has fallen. Because humanity has fallen, the ideal of God's creation has not been completed. Due to the fall, God could not find true men and true women as He desired. Although our human ancestors are God's sons and daughters, God could not find Adam as a true son, who fulfilled His will, nor Eve as a true daughter, who fulfilled His will.  
What does the fall mean? It means to have fallen away. In other words, it means to have become sick. Because humanity has fallen and become sick, God could not fulfill the original will He established. However, because God is absolute, He cannot help but save fallen humanity, the sick humanity. In other words, we must understand that He is in a position where He has to carry out a restoration movement, a history of re-creation.  
Therefore, the concept of salvation in Christianity means to complete the original will of God, the ideal of creation that He envisioned before the fall. That will has not been manifested in human history since the day of the fall. Due to fallen parents, fallen children have been bred, and centered on the family of those children and parents, humanity has developed into tribes, nations, and the world, which is the history of humanity today.  
Thus, the true parents who can stand in the position of fulfilling the will without falling, the true parents who must fulfill the original will of God, remain unmanifested in this historical age. True families, true tribes, true nations, and true worlds centered on true parents remain. If Adam and Eve had not fallen and the world of that will had been realized, it would undoubtedly have been a world of God's culture, as well as a world of the culture of Adam and Eve's lineage. There, there could be no differences in language, and all traditional cultures could not differ, so under God's governance, a single nation of the world would have been formed without question.  
If Adam and Eve had not fallen, they would have been bound in God's love as sons and daughters who received God's perfect love, and they would have given birth to sons and daughters centered on God's love, forming a family centered on God's love. Thus, traditions as husbands, wives, sons, daughters, and families would have been established in true God's love. If that had been the case, it could be said that God's will would have been fulfilled.  
The purpose for which God created humanity is to bring Him joy.  
So what kind of relationship did God want to have with humans? He wanted to be in the position of human parents. Today, ordinary Christian believers understand the relationship as that of Creator and created, and they believe this relationship is unchangeable, but originally, it was not such a content. God does not need money, knowledge, or any power because He is omnipotent. If there is only one thing He needs, it is love. Only love is needed.  
Love is established in a relationship of reciprocity. No matter how omnipotent God is, if He is alone, love cannot be established. There must be a reciprocal relationship for love to be established. Therefore, the purpose of creating Adam and Eve was to bring Him joy. What is the basis of that joy? It is not joy from seeing, speaking, or touching, but joy centered on love. Thus, I believe that God began the creation of all things to realize joy.  
Then, what would have happened if Adam had not fallen? According to what is written in 1 Corinthians, it says that we humans are the temple of God. What does the term "temple" mean? It means a house. What does "house" mean? It is a place where God can dwell.  
If Adam had completed his purpose, God, who has love, would have dwelled in Adam's heart and realized the ideal of oneness with Adam. In other words, Adam and God would become one. Adam and God would not be two but one.  
Since it is said that God created Adam and Eve in His image, the one who possesses the Adamic image and the Eve image would have entered into Adam and Eve's hearts with love, and God would exist as the internal God, while Adam and Eve would exist as the external beings of God. I am certain that this is the reason why the created world was brought into existence.  
Then why can God not fulfill love without going through Adam and Eve? It is because God exists in an incorporeal form. If you have experienced the spiritual world, you would know that in the spirit world, only Jesus can be seen. In a higher dimension, God's voice can be heard, but it is through Jesus that those words are manifested.  
Therefore, why must God use the bodies of Adam and Eve? It is because, with an incorporeal power, He cannot manifest in the position of corporeal human parents. To manifest in the position of parents with substance, a body is needed, and when He becomes one with Adam's body to realize the ideal of love, He can manifest as the ancestor of all humanity, wearing the form of Adam and Eve. In other words, He created Adam and Eve to wear a body.  
Next, it is to fulfill love. God created Adam and Eve to dwell in their hearts, centered on love, and to stand completely in the position of parents, not just in words but in substance and externally as well.  
This may be the first time you are hearing such words, but I know this very clearly through my experiences in the spiritual world. I know it very clearly. The term "In-Nae Cheon" (人乃天) can also be seen as derived from this principle. Why did God create Adam and Eve? It was to wear a body. Next, it was to fulfill love.  
With this intention, God created Adam and Eve, and when Adam and Eve complete and become one in the era of love, God can dwell fully as the true parents of humanity, and in the spiritual world, He can manifest with substance, while in the physical world, Adam and Eve can reign as parents with the image of God. By reproducing children through substance, humanity was created to connect with the spiritual world.  
Because God is absolute, He must carry out the providence of salvation to fulfill His will.  
Thus, centered on God's love, He becomes the true parents of humanity, and when they live as substantial parents and go to the other world, God, who wears the form of Adam, Father God and Mother God, could have manifested in the position of parents, but due to the fall, this was not fully realized, and I hope you understand this fact.  
A couple centered on God's love, children centered on God's love, cannot be destroyed by any power. Today, even the love of fallen humans has a power that cannot be stopped by life, and when we see that, it shows that the love aligned with God, which has not fallen, cannot be broken or corrupted by anything!  
Looking at this position, God's ideal of creation, this standard, was completely shattered due to the fall.  
Because God is absolute, He cannot fail to fulfill what He has willed, and because He must surely fulfill what He intended, He must re-establish Adam on the ideal of love that has not fallen and recreate Eve. Thus, He must connect the found parents to find the children. You must understand that this is the position in which the providence of salvation began.  
Then why did the providence of salvation begin? This is a theological question. God is omnipotent, so why did He not prevent the fall? This is the problem. The reason God could not prevent the fall is that love is absolute, and until human love rises to an absolute position, there must be a growth process.  
Just as young men and women go through a process until they reach adolescence, there must be a period of process to reach maturity to become one with God's love. However, before reaching that position, Adam and Eve fell. As the Bible says today, if they had eaten the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, it would not have been a problem. It would not have been a problem.  
Then what caused this fall? It was due to the issue of love. Therefore, throughout the historical process, for thousands and tens of thousands of years, the history of salvation has been extended and extended, a fact that many believers have not understood until now.  
What caused the fall? It was because of love. Who disrupted this love? It was the archangel. The archangel disrupted the love of Adam and Eve. He enticed Eve, and then led Adam to form a connection. They were supposed to go the right way, to go directly to God, centered on the love of husband and wife, but due to the temptation of Satan, they changed direction and went left. You must understand this fact.  
What does the fall mean? It means that humanity, who should inherit God's blood and flesh, has received the blood and flesh of Satan. However, we do not even think of such a fact in our dreams. This is the problem. The principle of heaven states that if you establish a connection of love, you can completely govern and possess it. Therefore, even though it is love of disobedience, infidelity, injustice, and misfortune, because of this love, Satan entered into the position of the law of love, and since God cannot ignore the established principle, He cannot remove it, so He continues to move toward eternity while carrying out the providence of salvation and restoration. Salvation means restoration. You must understand that it means to recover.  
Since creation was based on principles, restoration must also be based on principles.  
Therefore, the first son born after the fall is not a son of God. The second son is also not a son of God. They are all sons of Satan. As it says in John 8:44, "You are of your father the devil…," Jesus referred to those who opposed God's will as children of the devil. Why are they children of the devil? He referred to them as children of vipers. Since Satan is symbolized as a serpent, they are said to be offspring who have inherited the blood and flesh of the serpent. As long as this devil has the conditions to leave a foundation as a devil, it is impossible to restore children centered on the ideal of God's love. It is impossible to restore families.  
Therefore, we must understand the motives that made Satan a devil and all the motives that violated the order of love. Due to the fall, humanity became the children of Satan. They received the blood of Satan. Because Satan sowed a lineage centered on himself among humanity, today humanity lives a life centered on themselves, their families, and their nations. They do not know heaven, the world, or the universe. They must understand that they have fallen into such a history.  
When viewed from the original will of God, the first-born son should be a son of God, and the second-born son should also be a son of God, but due to the fall, the opposite result occurred. Adam and Eve became the possessions of Satan, and the children of Adam and Eve also became the children of Satan. The blood and flesh of Satan are intertwined. Therefore, because they were created based on principles during creation, the restoration must also be based on those principles.
The principle of returning in reverse must be centered on the original principle. So, what is the original principle? It is in the order of God, man, and archangel. This is the order. However, because the archangel became Satan, the order has reversed to archangel, then man. It has become inverted; it should be God, man, archangel, but it is now God, Satan as the archangel, and man. 

Here, when God is searching, it must be done according to this order. Since man must be placed in the second position, Cain and Abel, the sons of Adam, are centered upon. Cain is established as the representative of Satan before Satan, while Abel is placed in Adam's position. Because Abel is placed in the position of man, it must be restored to the order of God, man, and archangel. To do this, God places the second Abel on the side of heaven and makes the first Cain submit before Abel, thereby unfolding the history to restore the order of God, man, and archangel. 

The offering of Cain and Abel was to determine ownership. 

To accomplish this, God instructed Cain and Abel to offer sacrifices. Originally, if they had not fallen, Cain would have also been a son of God, but because Satan has placed conditions, he is set on the side of Satan, while Abel is placed in a conditional position before God to completely determine ownership through the offerings. 

What is the offering? It is to determine ownership. In other words, if it is suitable for the side of Satan, then Satan owns it; if it is suitable for the side of God, then God owns it. Therefore, we must understand that until now, Christianity has been conducting a battle for ownership centered on sacrificial content from the old church. 

Although Abel was born as the second son on the side of Satan, this son must become the firstborn when he returns to the side of God. This is the problem. The issue is that although he was born as the second son, he must become the firstborn when he returns to the side of God. The right of the firstborn does not exist before God. It must be sought from the side of Satan. This is the problem. Because the right of the firstborn was violated due to the fall, it must be reclaimed. 

In the family of Adam, when Cain and Abel offered sacrifices, why did God accept Abel's offering but not Cain's? This is the issue. Abel is on the side of God, so He accepted it, while Cain was placed on the side of Satan, so He did not accept it. This does not mean that it will never be accepted; rather, it will be accepted when Cain loves Abel, who received the offering, and follows him. When that happens, the order of God, man, and archangel will be determined, and the work of salvation can be restored. 

The condition to reclaim the firstborn's inheritance was established by Jacob. 

However, God, who could not see the fulfillment of this, had to carry out a movement to transform this throughout the historical era. As you know, because this was not transformed by Cain and Abel, it was reduced to a closer distance, and in the time of Jacob, centered around Esau and Jacob, this work was attempted. Since the fulfillment did not happen with the two sons born separately, it was attempted to be fulfilled through twins. 

Where does this lead? It leads back to the original mother's womb. Unless this transformation occurs, there is no hope of seeing the day of God's will. Therefore, no one knew that such a history was being led out. 

When you look at the Bible, Isaac's wife is Rebekah, right? Rebekah, Isaac's wife, knowing that Isaac was getting old and would bless him, helped Jacob deceive Esau and Isaac to steal the blessing of the firstborn. How do you interpret this? It is a clear fact in the Bible, but how can it be interpreted? It cannot be interpreted. Why did the mother, why did the woman play the leading role in taking it? Why? The law of the Old Testament was an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. Therefore, since the woman caused the fall, she must take responsibility for restoration as well. 

Look. When Eve fell, whom did she deceive? She deceived God. Without God's knowledge, without consulting God, she fell in a position that denied God. What happened next? Adam is her husband. At the same time, he is a son of God. Because he fell in a position that denied the father, Adam was lost. This is what happened. In order to restore this, in the language of the Unification Church, it is called restoration through indemnity. God set up Rebekah to restore this through indemnity, taking the blessing away from Isaac, the father, without Esau knowing. This is how it was changed; in other words, in order to replace what was changed, Rebekah was able to have the condition to take away the lost blessing of the firstborn through Jacob. It is a condition, a condition. It is said that she had a condition, not that she possessed the reality. 

Thus, when Esau learned of this, he tried to kill Jacob, so Jacob fled to his uncle's house. Jacob fled to his uncle Laban's house and suffered there for 21 years, right? There he met his wives Leah and Rachel. In this way, he took all the blessings of God received over 21 years from Laban and started a new family structure and a new tribal structure from there. This is a fact that must be known. 

As Jacob was on his way to meet Esau, he wrestled with an angel at the Jabbok River. Why did he have to wrestle with the angel? The angel is in the position of Satan; he is an angel opposing God. If the angel, opposing God, were to fight Jacob and lose, that would be the end. 

However, since Satan was originally in the position of the archangel, the angel acts as if he is attacking on behalf of God's command. Here, Jacob wrestles... This is a decisive battle that determines victory or defeat. It is the final decisive battle of whether Jacob fulfills God's will or not; without subduing the spiritual archangel, he cannot subdue Esau, the son of the actual Satan. He cannot save Esau. Jacob may not have known this inner secret of heaven's providence, but he wrestled all night with all his strength and won. As a sign of this, he received the name Israel. 

Why Israel? Israel? You have won in the position where God is trying to strike against Satan. Who did you defeat? What did you win? Since you defeated Satan, even if you go before Esau, who is on the side of Satan, because you are in a conditional position where the spiritual Satan has submitted, Esau, who is on the side of actual Satan, will submit. Thus, the fact that Esau welcomed Jacob is a historical good news. The positions of God, man, and archangel have started on their original course. This is the beginning of the history of Israel. 

The restoration of the birthright through Perez and Zerah in the womb. 

However, the fulfillment of the firstborn's inheritance by Jacob on the side of God is conditional. This is also a fact that occurred after they were older, after the age of 30, so Satan insists that any sons and daughters born from any woman under the age of 30 are his. This is a serious issue. Therefore, based on Jacob's victory, centered on Jacob's family, it must be turned around internally in the womb, not through birth but by turning this around in the womb. 

You are probably familiar with the story of Tamar in Genesis 38 in biblical history. I won't go into all the details because of time constraints. Tamar, when her father-in-law was going to shear sheep at Timnah, dressed as a prostitute and had relations with him. The sons born through Tamar are Perez and Zerah. 

When you look at the Bible, why does Jesus have to be born through the descendants of Perez, a woman who committed an unforgivable act in the human world centered on God's will? If this issue is not properly interpreted, the history of Christianity cannot find the right direction. No matter how hard Christianity tries to align with God's will, there is no way to fit it. 

What did Tamar do? Just like when Eve fell, she deceived her father-in-law. Her husband Judah's first son died, the second son also died, and she hoped to continue the lineage with the youngest son, Shelah, but knowing that she could not fulfill the will of the Judah family, which extends to Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and Judah, she acted without regard for her life for the sake of God's will. 

Thus, in a single-minded effort to inherit the bloodline of the tribe of Judah, she lured her father-in-law and conceived Perez and Zerah. As the day of childbirth approached, she was about to give birth. The firstborn reached out his hand, and the midwife tied a scarlet thread around it. But the younger brother pulled the firstborn back and came out first. This is not a ridiculous story. From the womb, the sons and daughters of good and evil were separated, so unless the firstborn's inheritance is taken from the womb, the second cannot dominate the firstborn. 

Today, since Satan is in the position of the firstborn and religion is in the position of the secondborn, the firstborn must dominate the second, and the younger brother in the position of the second must listen to the elder brother. Because of this principle, today, religious people are being beaten, crushed, and dying without being able to make a single excuse. The reason for this is here. Because the position of the firstborn was taken away, the son of God on the side of God is in the position of the secondborn, and this unfortunate fact is something we have not known until now. 

Thus, centered on Tamar's womb, the younger brother Perez was born first, pushing aside the elder brother, and through being born as twins, he was able to take the firstborn's inheritance. Finally, by entering the womb, a foundation was established through the descendants of Judah that could recognize the heavenly firstborn's right, leading to the conclusion that Jesus Christ comes through the tribe of Judah. 

Why is it that Jesus cannot be born without this bloodline of Tamar? Until now, this has not been understood. Thus, God, in order to cleanse the bloodline that was born incorrectly from Satan... Therefore, on the day when the heavenly firstborn's right is obtained, the secondborn will inevitably govern the firstborn. This is the principle. 

However, until now, Satan has been in the position of the firstborn, so even the sons and daughters on the side of God who believe in Christianity can activate the principled authority to say, "Come here!" The authority to activate the creative principle cannot be denied by God. Therefore, God says, "You humans! Abel! Through the historical era, take away Cain's authority! Reclaim it!" 

Just as Rebekah deceived her husband and children, Eve lost Adam due to the fall, and it is through such deception that they come back. Tamar also deceived her father-in-law and her husband to find the son of heaven. 

Thus, because the firstborn of God was born with the bloodline from the womb, those who are born inheriting the bloodline of Perez and the tradition of Israel can stand on that conditional expectation if they align with the emotional connection of Perez's bloodline. This is how it is viewed. 

Born on the foundation of indemnity through the history of Israel, Jesus. 

Then, immediately centered on Perez, why could the providence of God not be advanced? The world of Satan has nations. Because it has become a sovereign state that rules the world, no matter how much the Israelite tribe is, it cannot confront the world with just a familial foundation. Therefore, looking toward a nation that can confront the world, the history of 2,000 years has been extended, and commands have been given to absolutely obey the traditional thoughts of Israel. Do you understand what I mean? 

On the day of absolute obedience, one will stand in the authority to exercise the right of the firstborn. When one absolutely believes in God, even the firstborn of the wicked world of Satan can be defeated. This is a clear fact that you must know, shown by the Israelite people on their journey from Egypt to the blessings of Canaan. 

Thus, the Israelite tribe has waited for 2,000 years for the formation of a nation, and God has promised to send the Messiah before many Jews on this earth. He said, "Grow quickly! Grow quickly!" In this way, He formed the nation of Israel and made Judaism stand in an internal position within the nation, so that they could inherit an emotional bond that Satan could not invade. 

In other words, everything that comes down through the tradition of the Israelite tribe must be absolutely obeyed. If so, from here, a conditional expectation can be formed. Thus, the nation of Israel was formed, and Judaism was established, looking forward to the time when the nation and the church could become one while being in the colonial state of the Roman Empire. 

At this point, God caused Jesus to be born. Who gave birth to Jesus? It was not a man. Mary went down a path that her parents did not permit. She also went down a path that her husband did not permit. Everyone, think about it, why did this happen? Eve denied God and Adam, losing Adam; thus, according to the law of indemnity, an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, what Satan had taken away from heaven... 

Mary was engaged to Joseph. This is reminiscent of the position of Adam and Eve before God. It was the time of engagement. Eve fell during the time of engagement. The wedding day is a day that can align with God's love, but before the wedding day, she fell. Therefore, Mary stood in the opposite position and took a risk; in Israelite law, if a woman commits adultery, she is to be stoned to death. Nevertheless, for the sake of God's will, she offered herself as a sacrifice, sacrificing everything to fulfill that will, and you must understand that Mary conceived Jesus in a position that denied her engagement to her husband. 

Thus, from that moment, Jesus, conceived in Mary's womb, had the condition established that Satan could not claim, "I am the beloved son left in the womb." Because He was born on the foundation of indemnity established through the history of Tamar and Israel, even if Jesus was conceived in the womb, Satan could not claim, "I remain as my beloved kin." Therefore, from here, the time has come for the new son of God's hope to manifest. From the moment He was conceived in the womb, He is God's possession. 

Thus, being born in the first love of God, He is called the only begotten son. You must understand that the term only begotten son means this. The saint born on the purified foundation of this historical bloodline is other than Jesus.
You need to understand that there are no saints in the world. That is why Jesus Christ is known as the saint of saints. You cannot just believe blindly. There can be no completion in ignorance! Even if you know and try to achieve it, it cannot be realized. God knows this and is looking at His will, yet you, in your ignorance, cannot fulfill any of that will. It is utterly impossible.

The reason there are contents in the Bible that cannot be accepted by human morality and ethics is because such internal misfortunes and twists are hidden within it, which you have never even thought about while reading the Bible, right? You might think, "That's just what Reverend Moon says. So, you should be able to believe it."

Now, look at the Bible. The Gospel of Matthew replaces Genesis. Since the fall occurred in Genesis, it must be restored in Matthew. When you look at Matthew, the history of Jesus comes from the history of Abraham. It starts with "The history of Abraham and David is as follows." It mentions that Judah bore Perez and Zerah from Tamar. Have you thought about why such a story, which cannot be accepted in the world, was included? It could have been omitted, but it is placed right at the beginning, stating, "Ah, Judah bore Perez and Zerah from Tamar." Go back and check.

Then it says that Boaz bore Obed from Ruth. What is Ruth? She is a concubine, an object of illicit love. Why is it recorded like this in the Gospel of Matthew? Furthermore, it states that David bore Solomon from Uriah's wife. What is this? Why did they write such irreverent, morally unacceptable content? Answer me. I know that the author Matthew understood the background of Jesus' birth.

Then it goes on to say that Jesus was born of Mary, who was betrothed to Joseph. Go and see. Why is this happening? Just thinking about it feels unpleasant, and just looking at it is uncomfortable. How could this be woven into history and recorded up to Jesus? You need to understand this.

Because there is a history of misfortune that could not be announced in the era of human history, it is necessary to uncover this and firmly establish the tradition of Christianity. Otherwise, you must understand that the Christianity of the world will be shattered and disappear as a sacrifice to Satan.

Through this history of indemnity, we must understand that the woman named Mary could fulfill the historical resentment on behalf of the nation, and by following the will of heaven, she could conceive Jesus regardless of life or death, allowing God's only begotten Son to be born.

Now, look. What is God's will? After 4,000 years of Jewish history, what has God sought, and what has He restored? A son who did not defile the bloodline before the fall. He restored Adam. He sought one person, Adam, one son. That is why in 1 Corinthians, Jesus is called the last Adam. The established church preaches well, but why is He called the last Adam?

God's work of salvation is a work of restoration; it is a history of finding again. Thus, after 4,000 years of history, God worked hard to follow a path that the human world could not understand, and finally, the only begotten Jesus Christ was manifested. This means that He restored the position of Adam, who could receive God's love without falling. You are hearing this for the first time, right? You will hear it for the first time.

So, what remains? It is obvious. Today, Christianity says, "What is left? The Lord has become the bridegroom, so He will descend on the clouds to judge the world of Satan, and we will ascend." If that were the case, how wonderful would that be? If I were to believe that, I would have run ahead of you so that I would not lose.

You must understand that God operates according to the principles of heaven. Now that He has found Adam and has become the bridegroom, what must He find? He must find Eve from the world of Satan. Because Adam failed to fulfill his role as a husband, he stood in a position to dominate and command Eve, yet he could not fulfill his responsibility and lost her. Therefore, He must find her from the world of Satan. To find her, He must fight.

To prepare for this, God must establish a foundation from the nation, from the church, from the tribe, and from the family. That is why He prepared the family of Joseph and the family of Zechariah.

If John the Baptist and Jesus had become one, God's will would have been fulfilled in an instant. What if John the Baptist had complied? What if Jesus had welcomed the sister of John the Baptist as His bride? Saying such things would cause a great uproar in Christianity, right? No matter how much you oppose it, go to the spirit world and see if Reverend Moon is lying.

Having laid the foundation for the completion of Adam, He must find Eve, and to find her, He must go through Adam. Since Eve was created through Adam, He must find Eve through Adam. To find her, He received the blessing from John the Baptist at the Jordan River, and John the Baptist proclaimed, "Behold, the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world," and he said, "I am not worthy to untie His sandal. I must decrease, and He must increase." Why must he decrease? Because if he follows Jesus, he will prosper. When he opposes, he will perish. He must die by beheading because of Jesus, yet there was a dispute between the disciples of John the Baptist and the disciples of Jesus. As a result, John the Baptist met an unjust death.

Thus, Jesus had to leave due to the environment that could cause Him to lose His foundation and fight against the world of Satan to recreate that family foundation and tribal foundation. Because He could not fulfill the responsibility of achieving the task of "I am the bridegroom, and you are the bride," He had to risk His life to fulfill this task. During the three years of public ministry, the Jewish religion and the nation of Israel united with Rome to capture and kill Jesus.

With what? As an enemy of Rome, as a traitor to the nation, as a rebel against the sect, they attacked Jesus. As a result, the misfortune consumed the nation of Israel in blood, completely trapping Israel and Judaism, and all the chosen families that were blessed became sacrifices to Satan. They completely lost their foundation. Thus, during the three years of public ministry, He was driven to the cross.

As He was dying on the cross, He said, "I will come again. I will come again to find the bride as the bridegroom." What does that mean?

What is God's will? It is to establish a family of God centered on the love of Adam and Eve, having set the standards that Adam completed and the standards that Eve completed. Has God's family been established? Jesus was miserable... Who knew the circumstances of Jesus when the 4,000-year history of Israel and the 4,000-year history of Judaism, which had been prepared for Him, collapsed all at once? Today, a person named Moon, who is persecuted by the established church, comes out and says such things, so you should be grateful. If this is true, how happy would Jesus be?

In order for us, the bride, to be reborn, we must love the bridegroom Jesus more than anyone else.

Thus, the bridegroom Jesus must find a new bride, a true mother. Without this, the completion of God's family is impossible. As long as this is the case, God's will will never be fulfilled.

Therefore, after Jesus died, on the day of Pentecost, a group of 120 people prayed, and the Holy Spirit descended. The Holy Spirit descended. What is the Holy Spirit? It is the mother spirit. The one who knows her husband is only the wife. The only one who can fully communicate with the bridegroom is the bride.

Therefore, what is the Holy Spirit? If Eve had completed her role, she would have appeared in that form, but due to the fall, Eve's spirituality was taken away before God, and it was supposed to be re-manifested on this earth on a day when she could welcome the bride. However, since there was no foundation for a bride who could embody that form, Jesus could not come out in the position of the substantial parent. That is why He had to at least take the position of the spiritual parent. Otherwise, there would be no foundation for His will to remain.

That is why today, Christianity says that one must receive the Holy Spirit. Why must one receive the Holy Spirit? Because the woman sinned, the woman must bear the pain of childbirth. To do this, what must be done? Before the love of the bridegroom Jesus and the love of the bride, the Holy Spirit must be unified. Before the standard of love, which is one in flesh and bone, and the standard of love that says, "I am in you, and you are in me," is established, there can be no rebirth as Christianity speaks of.

You must love Jesus more than anyone else. In order to do that, you must surpass any love that is established under the shadow of Satan's love within the fallen realm. Only then can you connect with God. This is the path of suffering, the difficult path of religion.

For 2,000 years, we have been crying out, "Come, Lord, our bridegroom!" with our eyes filled with longing, our hearts melting. When we reach a state where we do not know whether we are inside or outside our bodies, where only God and Jesus exist, the Holy Spirit will come and the history of spiritual rebirth will unfold.

Do you have such experiences? Without this experience, you are all children of the world of Satan. You must understand that those without this experience will go to hell, not to heaven.

Today, Christianity must enter the position of the sons and daughters born from the bones of Jesus. Just as Adam had the seed of sons and daughters before he was born, you must enter that position. Therefore, today’s Christians must enter the position of sons and daughters born from the bones of the Father centered on Jesus. To do this, you must be born through the Holy Spirit, who is one with Jesus, centered on the unity of love that says, "You and I have become one." You must be reborn. Jesus also spoke about rebirth to Nicodemus, didn't He?

Can you be reborn with just the Father? Can you be reborn with just the Mother? Because the substantial reality of the Mother and Father was not achieved, and the ideal family of love that is beyond God's creation was not fulfilled, He came again to find the bride in the position of the bridegroom to unite with God's love. Thus, when the position of Adam, who could be completed without falling in the Garden of Eden, is unified in love, nothing can cause a fall. Nothing can cause a fall. That day is what humanity longs for.

What is the desire of fallen humanity today? It is to meet the Son of God. With the history of resentment born as the son of Cain, I am lamenting, searching for the Abel-like existence that stands in the position of the Son of God. We must find the Son of God.

We must find the personal Son of God, the family Son of God, the tribal Son of God, the national Son of God, and the global Son of God. How much suffering will humanity endure to find these? Therefore, it is necessary to send the Messiah who represents the sonship at the national level. On the day we find this Messiah, we will have found the entire sonship, including the personal Son of God, family, tribe, nation, and global sons. You must understand that this is the purpose of the Messiah's coming. Do you understand the Messiah?

We, who are fallen, must meet the Son of God, the Son of God who has escaped the accusations of Satan. After meeting Him, what comes next? We have no parents. You have fallen parents, but you do not have parents who have been completed within the will of heaven. After having the sons and daughters of God, what is the desire? It is to find parents whom God can love. What comes next? It is to find the family of those parents. It is to find the family of those parents and seek God's love. It is to meet God.

You must find your siblings, your father, your mother, and your home. You must understand that humanity today cannot do without finding their homeland. The place where parents centered on God's love exist, where God's love can be received, is the position of a family that can sing songs of love and automatically spread out horizontally. Only then can the formation of a nation be possible.

Because Adam lost his family, the standard we must find through religion is to find the family first. Before finding the tribe, the nation, or the world, we must find the family. Today, humanity remains within the love of the fallen realm, so we must break free from this and sacrifice ourselves.

That is why Jesus Christ said, "You must love me more than anyone else." Why did He say that? Where else is there such a statement? Why would He say such a thing as "the dictator of love"? He said, "You must love me more than anyone else." He said, "If you try to love your mother, your husband, or your children more than me, you are not worthy of me." You must not go beyond that. If you fall below that, you become a possession of Satan. You become a possession of Satan. No matter how much you become an elder, no matter how much you become a pastor, no matter how much you become a famous revivalist, you will still be under the dominion of Satan. You must realize how many religious people today are unaware of this astonishing and fearful fact, and how Christianity, which should inherit this traditional historical connection, has never even thought of such things.

Today, having met a person named Reverend Moon and heard these words, you should investigate whether this is true. You should investigate.

Then what is Satan? He is the god of lust. Having spread this as the god of lust, what will Satan do when the end comes? He will deny God, deny God's church, and deny God's family traditions. This is the time of the end. What is that? You must understand that it is communism. Communism says, "There is no God. The church is opium. What is a family centered on church ethics?"

Satan knows that God intends to subdue him through this, and knowing that he will be denied by God, he tries to prevent humans from returning to God's side. You must understand that this villain is Satan. Do you understand what I am saying? You must understand this.
Christianity as the Ground Defense Line Against the Archangel Authority

Jesus must come. How does He come? He must complete the ideal of creation centered on spirit and flesh. Despite this, Christianity believes that the spiritual standard has been fully realized and looks only to heaven while denying the world. Will God's will be fulfilled with such a Christianity? Absolutely not. It is impossible.

That is why Jesus entrusted everything to Peter, saying, "Whatever you bind on earth will be bound in heaven, and whatever you loose on earth will be loosed in heaven." Because the fall occurred on earth, one cannot enter the heavenly kingdom without resolving things on earth. If you had not originally fallen, you would naturally go to heaven after living in a heavenly family on earth, with your father, mother, and children all going together. Why is the Messiah needed? Why is a Savior needed? If the will had been fulfilled, there would be no need for them. They are needed because of the fall.

I mention this because today, Christianity claims that Jesus came to die, and it is necessary to awaken them to the fact that they are unaware of this tragic and unjust reality. So, I cannot help but speak about this. Did Jesus come to die? If so, does that mean everything Reverend Moon said is a lie? What is God's ideal of creation? What was the purpose of creating Adam and Eve? It is natural that God must create a world by giving birth to His sons and daughters in His love. Is that wrong?

Therefore, you must understand that the spiritual landscape created through Christianity worldwide is a ground defense line against the archangel authority, the world of Satan. Satan has seized the power of the air, right? Instead, it is the archangel authority on God's side, the spiritual authority. Christianity has left the archangel defense authority on earth.

So, what is Christianity? It has two aspects. One is in the position of the son of Satan, and the other is in the position of the son of God centered on the original position. What is that position called? It is called the position of an adopted son. That is why Christianity is in the position of an adopted son. The bloodline is different; to inherit from the parents, an adopted son must be willing to die for the one who can become a true son. Only by being able to sacrifice one's life for the parents can an adopted son inherit the lineage.

Even if an adopted son is loyal, once a true son is born, saying, "Oh, you made me an adopted son, so please let me inherit even though a son has been born," will not work. Before the true son is born, the adopted son can inherit, but when the true son comes, he must give all his life, possessions, and everything he has for the true son. Christianity is in such a fate.

The United States, representing Christian nations, is in such a fate. The United States stands on the side of the archangel authority that manages Christians, humanity, and all of humanity's possessions and lives. Therefore, on the day of loyalty, it will welcome the Lord who comes. When that happens, if the son can stand in a position to die in place of the parents, he can enter the realm of blessing, saying, "Please bless this adopted son as well." Without that, there is no way to return.

That is why there must be a grafting process to become one with the son. To graft, the root and branch must become one. The parents and the son must become one, cutting off their own lives. In this way, God is still working to connect the lost archangel authority and complete the historical course of salvation even to the world of Satan.

The Unification Church is an organization to create the ideal family that God desires.

So, what kind of church is the Unification Church? What does the Unification Church do? The Unification Church is an organization that aims to form the ideal family, the ideal position of Adam, and the ideal position of Eve that God desires. In other words, it is an organization that seeks to escape from Satan's accusations, to break free from Satan's dominion, and to unite in God's love in the positions of Adam and Eve. In this sense, you must understand that the Unification Church conducts joint wedding ceremonies. Do you understand? It is different.

By forming families in the heavenly kingdom, it will connect to tribal formation, and as tribes are formed, it will connect to national formation. As nations are formed, the world will be restored. If Christianity worldwide understands this will and prepares to unite when the Lord comes, the foundation of the world will be completely established within seven years. It can restore 7,000 years of history within seven years.

Today, the established church and the Unification Church are destined to be inseparable. Do you understand? Although the Unification Church may seem like a heresy, it is not. You must understand that it has come out with the content of orthodoxy more clearly than any denomination. Research it; is it a lie? These days, elders are holding public hearings, but after listening to the word for just three days, if you ask the elders who have believed for decades, "Do you have any questions?" they say nothing.

If the established church in Korea, along with Ewha Womans University and Yonsei University, had accepted Reverend Moon instead of opposing him, Christianity could have united within seven years. Theoretically, it cannot be defeated. It has a worldview, and the direction of the democratic world and all of Christianity is clear. Personal views on life, family, society, nation, and the world are distinct. And it aligns with God's providential view while also aligning with the direction of love and orthodoxy.

Look at the world. Here, many wonderful elders are present, but among the people of the Republic of Korea, there is probably no one who does not oppose me. "Oh, is there such a child in the world? That guy should be killed!" Everyone opposed me. Is there anyone among the people of Korea who did not oppose me? If I am in Korea, they oppose me; if I go to Japan, they oppose me; if I go to America, they oppose me; the whole world is saying, "Kill Reverend Moon!"

But how have I lived? If I die, it will be a big problem. You must understand that there is a principle that even if Christianity collapses, God cannot help but save Reverend Moon of the Unification Church. Why has Christianity, which has developed for 2,000 years, fallen in the historical course of the 20th century? I believe it is because it opposed the Unification Church. I see it that way.

Christianity is gradually weakening, while the Unification Church is rapidly developing, and the time will come when it surpasses the balance of power in global Christianity. I believe it will definitely come within 40 years. Already, 20 years have passed. It has been 35 years.

Without uniting brothers, one cannot meet the parents.

Time has passed a lot. Now, look. The rights of the firstborn must be transferred. Currently, Christianity and America are the firstborn. America has followed Christianity, so it is a restored nation. Is the current government of Korea united with Christianity? No, it is not. If the nation and Christianity oppose each other, both will face great trouble. That is the will. Christianity is in a fate where it must sacrifice itself for the Republic of Korea to naturally unite.

God's method is not to subdue by force but to naturally subdue through love. While Satan forcibly takes away, heaven operates by winning over through love. Why? Because He is a God of love. That is why He tells us to love our enemies. If you are hit by an enemy, you should claim damages and seek to recover what was taken.

When viewing the Unification Church and the established church from this perspective, even though you opposed me, I have never thought in my dreams that you would perish. I think, "They are in the position of our older brothers." Without uniting you and me, the bond of brotherhood cannot be established. The historical course was disrupted because Cain and Abel fought; until Cain and Abel unite, there is no way to find the parents. This is the path of destiny. The firstborn and the second-born must become one.

The firstborn is on the side of Satan, and the second-born is on the side of God. Therefore, the second-born on God's side must stand in the position of the firstborn and lead the firstborn on Satan's side to the position of the second-born. Can this be done with force? It must be done with love. The younger brother must be beaten and bruised, and the elder brother must say, "I was wrong," holding the younger brother and crying, "Take everything, my house, whatever it may be." Without establishing such a position, one cannot return.

That is why American Christianity and America must establish that position. Through the 2,000 years of Christian history, God has… In terms of old and new churches, the old church is the firstborn, and the new church is the second-born. These second-born must overcome through suffering and naturally subdue the firstborn of the old church to return to God. It is impossible to do this centered on the Catholic countries of Europe, the firstborn, so God has sent the second-born, Abel, to the new continent as representatives of the new church, creating the new church nation, America.

What Christianity must do is save America. When viewing the Unification Church and Christianity, the Unification Church cannot abandon Christianity. It must carry Christianity with it. Because it is in such a fate, without doing this, brothers cannot meet the parents.

From this perspective, the sectarian conflicts today are like the twelve brothers of Jacob fighting, or like the twelve disciples of Jesus fighting. In such a situation where sects have expanded horizontally in history, it is absolutely impossible to fulfill God's will. Therefore, since the end has come, it makes sense that God is developing an inter-denominational movement centered on the unification movement.

Let us form ideal families centered on God's love to fulfill the will.

In this sense, what kind of church is the Unification Church? What has the Unification Church brought forth in this end-time course? We aim to fulfill God's will. With concrete content. Then how do we restore Adam? How do we restore Eve? How do we form families? How do tribes develop, and how do nations and the world develop? This formula has all come out. The day you understand this, you will be able to serve God as not an abstract God but as a God who is present in history, directly governing your life. This is the strength that the Unification Church can boast of. It is not just believing in God. It is that God governs my life.

So, six months ago, on November 18 of last year, I met with Christian pastors. If you see the pastors and you, you are in the position of the second-born. You know very well that the pastors have all become corrupt, right? They are like "Pastor Rice." They must be saved by the elders. Because they oppose, the inter-denominational movement seeks to stabilize them centered on the elders. Do you understand why they need to be saved? It is because the second-born must be stabilized in Christianity. When the second-born is stabilized and unites with the Unification Church, Christianity will naturally unite. The pastors cannot help but follow.

You are gathered here for that reason. What are we gathering for? It is not to share a meal; it is not to see each other's faces. It is not for you to see my face either. Whether you came by chance or however you came, we are people gathered for the will of God.

God's will and Jesus' will cannot be different. It is the same. The will of a Christian believer who believes in Jesus cannot be different from Jesus' will. It is the same as Jesus' will. Since Jesus' will is God's will, my will is the same as God's will. If you have sown Jesus, you must become Jesus. If you have sown Adam, you must become Adam. You must also become good ancestors.

Thus, standing in the position of the true parents, who are the parents before the fall on this earth, you must leave the world entirely as God's love. Humanity has fallen and has come to stand in the world of the fallen, so it must stand in the position of regeneration through Jesus and the Holy Spirit. Therefore, the spiritual foundation expanded by Christianity is to connect back to the parental position, which is the foundation of the individual, family, tribe, nation, and world.

The established church and the Unification Church must unite to fulfill the will.

Cain and Abel must meet and become one; otherwise, the fallen Adam and Eve cannot be saved. What does this mean? It means that without the brothers uniting, they cannot meet the parents. They cannot fulfill the wishes of the parents. Without being able to fulfill the wishes of the parents, there is no way to complete God's will. You must understand this. Therefore, you and the Unification Church must quickly unite from the position of not being enemies and save your pastors. 

The established church and the Unification Church must unite and become one with this nation. When they become one with this nation, they will liberate the North Korean communists. The nation is divided into two, right? If South Korea is Abel, then North Korea is Cain. If the Lord comes to South Korea with the name of the parents and the ideals of family, tribe, nation, and a new country, then even in the communist world, a new parent who is destructive and satanic will come. That is why they call Kim Il-sung the parent.

It cannot be unified through fighting. Our entire standard of strength must be established in such a way that Satan cannot accuse us, and at the same time, we must stand firmly on the authority of God's love, possessing the ability to move him. Without being such a person, we cannot absorb and digest the communists. You must understand this terrifying fact.

Korea is divided vertically between North and South. Germany is divided horizontally between East and West. Since these two places are divided, the Unification Church must first unite with Christianity, unite with Korea, and liberate North Korea. America is in the position of the second-born, and Europe is in the position of the firstborn. If Germany becomes the center of resolution, and East and West unite, Cain and Abel will become one, entering the position to welcome the historical liberation of the homeland. Standing in such a position, the enemy world of freedom and the communist world must unite so that the position of the parents who can lead the world can be restored.

This tremendous content exists in the fact that each of you, centered on the individual man and woman, and the family and children, must know how to digest this. From now on, I hope you will strive to solve this issue.

Heaven's will has come to you through many twists and turns, centered on you, and it hopes that at the end, you will resolve the entirety of this content centered on your family. Thus, you are swirling in the midst of the world's fortune, in the winds of the world's fate. The day you understand the current of the will, you will rise. Otherwise…

Now, the content of today's message is "God, please fulfill Your will." What is the will? It is the ideal family centered on God's love, a family that Satan cannot accuse.
is counting on me to establish that foundation. 

We must recognize that we each have the responsibility to carry forward the history that has been passed down through our lineage and to create a framework for love that can be developed socially, nationally, and globally. I hope that from this moment on, you will advance with the conviction that you are entering the path of God's will and the sacrament. (Applause)

Establish the Tradition of the Unification Family

You are following the teacher with understanding of the purpose, and we know that we bear the significant mission of completing God's providence. We understand the historical background that allowed the Unification Church to emerge.

We know that the completion of providence can only be achieved through families. In the Garden of Eden, true men and true women were meant to create an eternal ideal world under God's love without falling, but due to the fall, they have gone through a long historical journey, representing that time and adjusting the course of humanity until now. 

While God established the nation of Israel as His chosen people, due to their failure to fulfill their responsibilities, the providence began with the Roman Empire, passed through England, and reached the United States, connecting to the land of Korea as the center of the global cultural sphere. We know this through principles.

This land of Korea has a 5,000-year history, but it lacks anything to boast about to the world. When we trace the entirety of that history, it is a miserable one, and we know that it does not possess anything proud to present among the history of humanity.

Yet, despite this, the people love their country, and as a nation often caught in miserable circumstances, there have been times when loyal subjects were oppressed by treacherous individuals, or righteous people were sacrificed by the wicked. Throughout these trials, the traditional history of holding onto the country and justice and appealing to heaven has allowed this nation to remain a people that heaven can remember.

Because of this foundation, God has faced the providence of restoration, and the Korean people have been able to feel this. We know that God's providence has established a corresponding standard in Korean history. It is on such a stage that today's Unification Church has been formed.

The Historical Significance of Blessed Families in the Unification Church

Of course, centered around myself and through various processes receiving direct guidance from God, we see that in the context of this providential journey, originally, right after liberation, the Korean church and Korea were a Christian sovereign nation. In 1948, with Korea's independence, a Christian sovereign state was established. It was a time when the country was founded on Christian ideals, and Christians were in politics. At that time—when the Unification Church did not exist—if they had not opposed me, the state of Korean Christianity and the political situation would have fundamentally changed today.

Because it was during the military government centered around the United States, a new providential fortune was established, allowing a bridge to connect the U.S. and Korea smoothly, and it was believed that within seven years, Christianity could be stabilized. This was the providential perspective and my hopeful view. However, due to opposition, history repeated itself. Because of the opposition, the foundation of God's providential history that had been completely prepared was abandoned.

Due to this position, today our Unification Church has had to bear the historical misfortunes once again in this country, in Asia, and in the world. In that environment of being pushed out, we have been expanding the foundation of providence that God desires.

What does expanding that foundation mean? Certainly, proclaiming our church to the world and establishing our foundation globally has significance, but more importantly, the fact that today we have formed the Unification family and established new families centered around the Unification Church is of utmost importance.

In forming families, the 36 families represent historical ancestors, divided into the first, second, and third families of twelve each. We have not yet found the family that God desires within His providential plan, so we must fulfill all the conditions of indemnity to establish the family that God wishes. The fact that men and women who have overcome all the conditions that Satan could accuse have finally received blessings and formed families is a remarkable truth.

This began in 1960 with the 36 families, followed by 72 families, 120 families… The 72 families represent the 12 apostles of Israel, who were to complete the will centered around Jesus but failed to do so, thus all historical mistakes must be indemnified. To do this, 12 families must be established… This is an extension vertically. The 12 families represent a horizontal standard from the time of Jacob. Therefore, to connect vertically, the 36 families were established. Centered around the families of Adam, Noah, and Jacob, they were connected through the 36 families… When this is reduced, it becomes 12. Thus, we must indemnify the failure of the 12 apostles and 72 disciples who could not form a tribal foundation centered around Jesus.

When Jesus was alive, he could not fulfill this will and returned to the cross, causing the complete collapse of the 12 and 72 foundations. When combined, this forms the 84 foundations, which must be established, and the personal 12 apostles and 72 disciples become the family foundation.

In this sense, today our Unification Church has completed this family formation. On this family foundation, the 120 disciples, after Jesus' ascension, with the coming of the Holy Spirit on Pentecost, established the 120 disciples centered on the new gospel, symbolizing that they are representatives of the world. From here, when the day comes that 120 nations are formed centered around Christianity, it will be seen as the end.

Looking at the 72 families and 120 families, this serves as the foundation for restoring the substantial, global representative family form that heaven has sought by sending Jesus. Therefore, based on this foundation, we must expand the family foundation that can connect all tribes, not just specific ones, within the realm of God's providence.

In this sense, what occurred in Korea is not merely a reproduction within Korea but serves as a framework representing the entire world and the spirit world, which is why the 430 families were established. What does this mean? It has a significance akin to the 4,300 years of Korean history. Centered around these 430 families, connections are made in all directions. Here, numerous tribes can be connected among all ethnic groups. Therefore, by establishing the 430 families, countless tribes can be connected through a foundational family that has been established. A path has been paved.

Next, the 777 families represent the expansion of Korea's national foundation to the world, indicating that all tribal realms of the world are being opened. The 777 families were formed based on the 430 families in 1970. As a result, countless people from all nations, regardless of their country, who come forth with a purpose can participate in the blessed families within the realm of grace.

Then, the 1,800 families, which is 3 times 6 equals 18, represent the family that embodies the completion of the 3 as the number of the 6, which is the number of Satan. This family represents all of humanity. It is not only for believers but also for non-believers, establishing a foundation that can connect the future family foundation within the realm of heaven. This history is what has been ongoing until now.

The Fight in America Like David and Goliath

Thus, entering the 1970s… Until 1972, before going to America, I had never held an official meeting in Korea. Why? Because I had a heavenly responsibility to make an official start on a global stage, not just at a national level. The global foundation connects based on a national foundation that can enable a global start, which is why I had never held an official meeting in Korea before.

Then in 1971, I crossed over to America and from 1972, I began a global proclamation movement centered around America. In 1973, I had to obtain permanent residency, so I received it and began a full-scale operation regarding America. Thus, for three and a half years, I had to present issues to America and the world. To do this, since I was already facing opposition, the quickest way was to face that opposition and cross over the world's peak as soon as possible. So, I undertook such operations.

I mentioned at a recent gathering that what do Americans dislike the most? They believe that their country, as the leading nation of the world, cannot be followed by Asians or any colored races. They think that when they give orders, those orders must be followed, and that everyone should follow the path they lead. In this situation, Koreans are seen as like roses in a garbage can.

In this situation, as a Korean, I charged in. I charged in headfirst. At first, they were not afraid. However, in front of my advancing reliance on heaven, even the State Department felt threatened and set up Fraser, who was in contact with the communists, to launch a full-scale fight to eradicate the Unification Church along with 'Korea Gate.' In this, we fought a battle like David and Goliath, representing heaven.

In an environment where there was not a single person to support us, we believed in heaven and attacked the massive America, ultimately overcoming Fraser. As a result, a new boom arose in America, transforming the previously liberal political system into a new conservative political system. Without that opportunity, the Reagan administration would not have been born. In this sense, our Unification Church contributed to creating a new historical turning point, which even the American political world does not recognize, but from a providential perspective, this will remain in American history in the future.

Then in 1977, after the Washington Conference in 1976, I established the Cheon Seung Il and concluded the 21-year course of the third 7-year course as a 17-year course. This is an astonishing history.

Thus, centered around my 60th birthday, on February 21, 1980, I declared the victorious conclusion of the third 7-year course and the start of the new second 3rd 7-year course.

Unifying with Established Churches through the Interdenominational Movement

Then, when I returned last year, from a principled perspective, Cain and Abel cannot be one unless they are united, so for the past 15 years centered around the established churches… At that time, it was 13 years. Looking back at that 13-year period, we invested more money into the established church than our association headquarters. There cannot be any organization that has done that.

We have moved forward for about 13 years, pouring immense funds into the interdenominational movement to save those enemies who oppose us, who try to destroy our organization with all kinds of slander and schemes. We have gone through such a difficult process.

By establishing a foundation centered around Christianity, if the Namdaemun Church incident had not occurred in 1979, the groundwork for Korean Christianity would have been completed before 1980. On July 12, 1979, we planned to gather over 3,000 pastors for a global proclamation conference, but it was delayed due to the Namdaemun Church incident. So, we initiated a movement to send the heads of the unified and joint denominations around the world to recreate the atmosphere, but that was not successful, so we developed activities centered around the elders. In other words, we fulfilled the responsibility of a generation regarding the pastors.

To develop activities for the elders, I had to negotiate with the established church pastors. I had to meet them. That was the conference on November 18 of last year. The fact that I called the elders back together six months later is a significant turning point in this country and in the history of Christianity.

In comparison to Jesus, what does this mean? It is like Jesus going to Rome, establishing a foundation of victory, returning to His country, and holding a grand proclamation ceremony centered around the high priests of Judaism, and then presenting the scribes for the proclamation ceremony. When viewed this way, this is a historical event among historical events.

Until now, Christianity and Judaism have been like sworn enemies. Even today, Judaism considers Christianity a heresy. Nearly 2,000 years have passed, yet today Judaism still views the crucifixion of Jesus as a justified act. Considering this situation, the fact that the Unification Church has established a relationship with Christianity is a historical event. It is truly possible because God is alive.

When comparing ancient Judaism and Christianity, the differences are negligible. Today, the relationship between the Unification Church and Christianity is not that the content of God's providence is different, but rather that the perspective is fundamentally different. Based on this fundamentally different Unification Church, we have been able to connect so many Christian leaders, and during that conference, regardless of what was said, they could not oppose it but welcomed it with applause, which is a remarkable fact.

A Foundation for the Defense Against Communism

Thus, gradually, a new fortune has sprouted that allows the Unification Church and Christianity to unite. The day that Christianity and the Unification Church become one, and the Republic of Korea becomes one, North Korea will be absorbed without fighting. The day that the Republic of Korea unites, America will automatically be absorbed. It is destined to be absorbed automatically.

America has fallen beyond measure. Japan will also inevitably be absorbed. Why? Because of communism. Therefore, while one aspect is deteriorating beyond measure, another aspect is absorbing communism, and the entire world is gradually advancing under a new providential realm.

In this light, the fact that we have completed the third 7-year course means that I have fulfilled all the missions bestowed by heaven. This applies to the church and the nation as well.

Therefore, this time, the 23,000-ri unity conference, which mobilizes 12 million people, is something that has never been done before. Reports of conferences held in 2,500 places a day are sent to the Central Intelligence Agency and the Security Command. This is a story like a dream.

Today, it is an event that no one can imagine, even through the administrative organization of the Republic of Korea. Why do we do this? Because if the nation cannot establish a foundation to defend this people from communism, I must establish it. Heaven is counting on me to do so.
I know that I have the responsibility to protect this Republic of Korea, so if the state cannot do it, I must pave the way, even if it means taking on private debt, for the path that the nation and established churches must follow. In other words, although the state opposed us and the church opposed us, from the world's perspective, they may seem like enemies, but the path of the Unification Church, the path of Christianity, and the path of the nation are all common paths. Therefore, we cannot stop just because they do not follow; Unification Church members must take the lead and pave the way for them.

Until now, we have faced opposition, but we have already reached every household through the provinces, districts, and even down to the ri (neighborhood) level. From a providential perspective, this is a significant achievement. Today, as God carries out the restoration providence, we have been able to establish a cellular foundation that can influence each household centered on our nation, which is historically unprecedented. This is the first time from a providential standpoint. Such organizational activities are only conducted by the Communist Party.

In order to absorb and digest what is being done solely by the Communist Party, which is like the religion of the devil, we must inject life into the grassroots cells of every household through an organization as solid as iron, love the nation through the heavenly principles, and with the explosive power of that love, we must crush the ambitions of the devil's forces that seek to dominate the world through disbelief and deception.

In this sense, the fact that we are now anchoring in Korea and laying the groundwork to defend against the infiltration of Satan is, centered on the will of the heavenly kingdom, the first time in history that we are doing something unprecedented. Therefore, my coming here this time is, of course, necessary for such gatherings, but what is most important is the organization at the ri level. The fact that an average of 250 people gathered in one ri is remarkable. Now that we have completed the organization at the ri level, training a hundred people from each ri is not a problem. To properly hold a ri-level conference, we must have a core team of 5 to 7 dedicated members. Even if we only gather 5 each, that amounts to 30,000 people (5×6=30). The fact that these core members have been able to carry out activities that can influence every household nationwide is astonishing.

From here, we connect to Christianity. Now, Christianity has entered a stage where it cannot oppose our church. Not only at the myeon (town) and ri levels, but even the heads of households will be awakened when they hear "President Moon."

The teacher is not only the founder of the Unification Church but also, considering the struggles abroad and what has been done for this nation until now... Even if a patriot did it, it would not exceed what has been accomplished under such circumstances. They have now entered a stage where they can receive a new hope and a new belief that permeates their very marrow through me. You must understand that this is the opportunity for the establishment of a great achievement in God's providence.

By taking the lead, what happens now? No matter how much the established church opposes, the time for opposition is coming to an end. If they continue to oppose, they will be slapped in the face. We have entered a stage where opposing the Unification Church and Mr. Moon will lead to violence. The established church, having mobilized all its strength to oppose for 35 years, must now acknowledge that the Unification Church has developed without retaliating and has reached a stage where it can overwhelm and digest them.

By taking the lead for the nation and blocking the Communist Party, or by heading towards a new path of hope for the world, they have entered a stage where they can feel this tangibly and cannot help but follow us.

That is why we advocate for an interdenominational movement. Four years ago, I proposed through this interdenominational movement that we should revive centered on Christianity. In Seoul, we do not need many churches. If just five churches are revived, they can completely sweep through Christianity. If just five churches are revived, within a week, everyone will turn back. For example, it shows that elders who have been bound by thousands of years of tradition and have lived in faith for decades can completely turn back after just two days of lectures, indicating that if a revival meeting is held, all church members can return.

The fact that we have navigated through 35 years of such amazing truths has led to the division of our nation, the destruction of the democratic world, and the decline of Christianity itself. This is an undeniable fact that has brought loss to heaven, to the democratic world, and to today's Republic of Korea. It is an astonishing fact that the time has come for these things to be extinguished.

So, if the established church aligns with us... When our Victory Alliance issues a document, it will be conveyed through the provincial government, through the police chief and local police, or through the military and the mayor, establishing a foundation for activities that can integrate with the administrative organization. This leads us to the conclusion that if the Republic of Korea goes just a little further, it cannot help but follow us in defending against North Korea.

If the established church joins in, the Republic of Korea will absolutely not perish. Not only will it not perish, but it will also be able to absorb and overcome North Korea. Therefore, we must achieve ideological unification and a new liberation in terms of ideology, and we must liberate the land of North Korea in terms of ideology. Along with this, we... Even if they act militarily, as long as we can maintain a balance of military power, the ideological strength will flow northward like tidal waters, and in terms of population, economic foundation, or any conditions, we will be able to defeat North Korea and liberate it.

In this way, when the land of South Korea becomes Abel and absorbs North Korea, which becomes Cain, we will then be able to absorb Japan, and when we unite with Japan, we will be able to absorb the United States, and after absorbing the United States, we will advance to unify Europe and the Soviet Union into one world as seen by God.

From this perspective, the fact that the teacher has returned to Korea today and has anchored down to the ri level and has laid the groundwork to gather people is remarkable. How does this happen? It is closely linked to the third seven-year course. Because of this, I have fulfilled my responsibilities to the nation, to the Unification Church, and to Christianity. I have been able to accomplish all these things in loving the Republic of Korea, which no patriot could do.

This conclusion is currently in the process of being realized. Just as I mentioned yesterday at the conference, looking at the assassination of the Pope and the recent railway incident in Korea, such events are occurring again in this turbulent time. The assassination of the American president and these events are all intertwined within a span of a month or two.

In this light, centered on that providential responsibility, we are reaching a conclusion... Even from a familial perspective, we stand on a standard that can somehow resolve the numerous nations of the world, and from a national perspective, even though my power is small, with the cooperation of heaven, our Unification Church has laid a significant foundation. When we stand in a position to guide the nation and show the way for the ethnic groups that must be treated as enemies or the established church, the Republic of Korea will... North Korea is not the problem. If such a Republic of Korea is invaded, Kim Il-sung will die.

As you know, we are now in a state of emergency. We are in a state of utmost urgency. North Korea has moved several divisions... Specially trained units to invade all cities in South Korea have moved and hidden their whereabouts. Therefore, a total state of emergency has been declared. Although someone took responsibility and reported back, saying not to worry... History is being transformed in ways that humans do not know, and God's providence is progressing in ways that humans do not understand. This is an enormous fact.

The Value and Significance of the Engagement of Jin-hwi and Ye-jin

From this perspective, the teacher personally must complete his responsibilities, and the mother must fulfill her responsibilities as a mother, and then our family must establish itself completely. Once we establish ourselves, what happens? If an individual or family that has fulfilled their responsibilities is attacked, heaven will immediately demand compensation. It will issue a legal directive. We must enter an era of tremendous significance.

That is why I called Ye-jin, who is studying in the United States, to hold this engagement ceremony on the 20th anniversary of the blessing of the 36 families. Because of this fact, the foundation of the teacher's son, the second generation, will finally begin. Why? The second phase of the 3rd seven-year course for blessed families is in the second generation of Cain-like families... Therefore, this second generation of Cain-like families must be connected through the teacher's family. Of course, Seong-jin has married, but he is a son. The fact that Ye-jin is a daughter means that this fits perfectly in and out.

Thus, we see that the teacher's second generation Abel family is being formed and established. Do you understand what I mean? If the teacher is the first generation and has laid the vertical foundation, then the horizontal second generation foundation is being established there. Thus, when viewed from the center of your families, your families, the families of the teacher's sons and daughters, and the teacher's family will be completed as a horizontal foundation of restoration, growth, and perfection. Do you understand what I mean? When viewed through Cain and Abel, the blessed families are in the position of Cain. The teacher must connect these families to the horizontal foundation, but until now, the vertical foundation has been connected, while the horizontal foundation has not been. Now is the time to develop horizontally, and in order for you to spread out in all directions centered on the second phase of the 3rd seven-year course, an Abel family centered on the teacher's son must be present before the teacher. Do you understand?

Then, by centering on the sons and daughters, establishing the family foundation means that all horizontal families can achieve restoration, growth, and perfection, and can form a horizontal foundation based on principled standards centered on the teacher. By serving in such a position, there is progress in believing and having faith. Do you understand, association leader? "Yes." You must understand this theoretically. In going forward with faith, there is only progress. No matter how fiercely Satan aims and shoots arrows, it will not affect us, this is how we see it.

Therefore, you must understand that today is an extremely significant day. Do you understand what I mean? Now you must have confidence and advance towards the second phase of the 3rd seven-year course. In the second phase of the 3rd seven-year course, since it is the first phase of the seven-year course, you must unite and carry on the strength I have devoted my life to for the purpose until now, inheriting the tradition of your parents. You must understand that you are standing in the position of Cain-like families.

If you have the conviction to be more loyal than the teacher in facing the purpose, everything will be resolved smoothly. Do you understand what I mean? If the teacher has gone 10 meters deep, but you have only gone 5 meters, then that is where Satan strikes. Do you understand? It means that you are not on the same level. If you have inherited the foundation that the teacher has gone 10 meters underground, and you go to 11 meters and then come back to stay at 10 meters, that is acceptable. When you do not progress and stay stagnant, it is not horizontal; it is not a plane but an angle that opens up. You must clearly understand this. Do you understand what I mean? In order to be on the same horizontal level as the foundation the teacher has laid, you must be properly educated in the teacher's ideology, tradition, and practical ability. You must have practical ability.

Where is Satan's first line? Until now, even if the teacher fights, he has been persecuted in the democratic world. Is that not so? He has been persecuted in America and in Korea. Ultimately, it was persecution within the Abel realm. Meanwhile, he clashed with the Communist Party. He faced persecution from the Communist Parties that were active within the Abel realm. Even if they moved to oppose, they did so through underground operations or their own clubs, but they could not oppose with the Communist regimes like the Soviet Union or China. It was opposition from within the democratic realm against the Communist Party, opposition from within the democratic realm against Judaism, opposition from within the democratic realm against Christianity, and opposition from within the democratic realm against America. That is why you are now in a favorable position. You are in a more advantageous position than the teacher. If the teacher has gone 10 meters, you can go further than that... You must overcome the Communist Party. You must understand this.

Now, what remains depends on the democratic world. If you step forward at the forefront, risking your lives against the opposition of the Communist world, on that day, you will stand in a position that surpasses the suffering and trials that the teacher endured throughout his life in prison, and you will stand in a place where you have defended the position of a heavenly soldier for heaven. On that day, your position will not rise above the teacher's position, but rather, how will it be? The angle will be reversed. You will go deeper into the ground. Therefore, you must be willing to go down as much as necessary.

That is why, from now on, for those of you who are mobilizing for the second phase of the 3rd seven-year course, where is the first line? What is the first line? It is the Communist Party. It is a matter of whether we win or lose against the Communist Party. That is why I am currently directing guerrilla training centered on America. We must conduct guerrilla training beyond that of the Communist Party. Why? Because I will stand up boldly to fight in front of the bases where the elite units of the Soviet Union, China, and all other Communist parties are mobilizing, and I must have the conviction to regulate this and bring about a decisive victory. In the second phase of the 3rd seven-year course, your families, centered on the teacher, must become the tradition that the Cain-like families must follow. You must organize this in your minds. Do you understand? "Yes."

The second phase of the 3rd seven-year course is for the second generation to follow. 

This is not something that can be done by individuals. It is not just about one person, the association leader. We must block it at the family level. To block it at the family level, we must root out the Communist Party that is infiltrating our system of 38 million. We must root them out and crush all their malicious organizations. We must push forward with the family approach to the North. It is not a matter of national level; it must be pushed forward at the family level. Individuals must push forward and achieve victory, and husbands must push forward and achieve victory, and wives must also push forward and achieve victory, and sons must... Do you understand? We must push the Communist Party out at the family level. When we complete this training, no matter how intense the world becomes...
Even if there is a Communist Party, we can stop it.

55
On this commemorative day, you must clearly understand this issue. Moreover, the 36 families must understand it. And the representatives of the 72 families, 120 families, 430 families, 777 families, and 1800 families are believed to be present here. The traditional family must hold this conviction and advance toward the second 3rd 7-year course. You must understand that we are facing a suffocating moment where such an order of advancement can be given. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you definitely understand? Raise your hand if you understand for sure. You kids may not know well. You must understand this clearly. Historically, you need to know something different. 

We are resting now, but the entire nation is vibrating. This is the time when we must transition to a foundation where we can vibrate together with our Unification Church. So, you must… With this global environment, centered around the teacher's family and his sons and daughters, the fact that we are establishing a family Abel in the second 3rd 7-year course is an astonishing fact. 

Therefore, the family Abel and your families must become completely one. Before becoming one with the teacher, you must become completely one with the Abel family. On the day of becoming one, things will change. It will develop. On the day of becoming one, God will be with us. When the subject and object become completely one, a center is formed. On the day of becoming one, God will be with us. When the subject and object become completely one, a center is formed. Just as the principle teaches, God must be present here, and all things that invade this, no matter how powerful the enemy, will be repelled. From this perspective, you must clearly realize that this has historical significance. Do you understand? 

Such an event, for you, for the 36 families, means that starting from tomorrow, the second 3rd 7-year course will begin after finishing the first 3rd 7-year course. You must surely know this… The teacher has faced various threats and intimidation from the Communist Party until now. He has truly fought with his life on the line. You must connect this tradition horizontally to the world.

56
When the blessed families take the lead in such matters, the entire individual and family of the Unification Church will be welcomed. In other words, countless people who are threatened by the Communist world will raise their hands to welcome and praise the Unification Church, and will run toward the Unification Church with life, power, and strength. Who has the responsibility to establish such a tradition? "To the blessed families." This must be theoretically established. 

Here, the blessed families, the first generation is Cain. What is the second generation? It is the Abel rights. You must understand that. Therefore, even if the pastors and elders of Christianity in Korea oppose it, their sons and daughters will come to the Unification Church. If they oppose it, they must pay the price for their opposition. Because they opposed people, they must compensate for it with their sons and daughters. 

The children of blessed families must become encouragers before their parents.

God's good path is correct and must be taken away. However, Satan strikes and leads to ruin. It means that they strike and lead to ruin. Therefore, those who sided with the enemy in World War I were ruined, and those who sided with the enemy in World War II were also ruined. In the ideological war era of World War III, those who sided with the Soviet Union will be ruined. Our Unification Church has been fighting since birth. It does not lead to ruin while being struck but develops instead. This is the heavenly official law, the heavenly principle.

Thus, when the children of blessed families realize that they are the children of blessed families, they will suffer more and be able to judge the right and wrong of what their parents do from an ideological perspective. Based on the principle and the tradition left by the teacher, if parents go astray, they must have a sharp perspective to criticize them, saying, "In my time, as a normal standard, this must be a path that can land on this earth." If parents cannot go, you will have to walk the path of miserable fate. You too must go through indemnity. 

Therefore, the children of blessed families must become one. Our family will also stand in such a position in the future. It must be completely one. You must become children who can advance for the purpose in front of your parents, your mother and father.

Then what happens? Abel was struck by Cain, but the fact that Abel encourages his parents means he has already come closer to heaven. If you try to elevate what has fallen, if you stand in a position where you can elevate, parents may not be able to rise, but you can inherit the blessing of the horizontal standard. Even if parents do not comply, you can move further from that position. Knowing this, you must be a model for your parents. Do you understand, students? That is why I have gathered the sons and daughters of blessed families over 18 years old here today.

In going where your parents go, you must not be ashamed, in seeking God… When viewed centered on God, if God is seen for the first time, the sons and daughters are second. The sons and daughters are second. Who must liberate God? God Himself cannot do it. It must be done by the sons and daughters. It is the same principle. This official principle is better than any system today. When considering that this official principle changes in the life stage developed through historical processes, there can be no exception to this in our blessed families today.

Young people, those in their 20s, this is an important time. If the teacher had not made this resolution at the age of fifteen or sixteen, there would have been no way to stop the Communist Party, which is the great enemy of the world today. Of course, we have gone through a path of suffering and spent decades of history, but you who have met the teacher after going through that decades-long history must become a new awakening agent and stimulus before your parents, not a source of worry.

If you are the children of blessed families, you must become a source of pride before your parents, a beacon of hope, and an encourager. By the time you are fifteen, you should be able to take on all responsibilities for your parents. You must be able to take on everything and take on the responsibilities of the head of that household. You must also be a respected leader among the young people in that neighborhood. What does it mean to be born into a blessed family? Who are you? "..." You must answer, you kids! What is it? "Children." Yes, children, children. You must always have this conviction. You must make such a resolution.

The children of blessed families must become one with the Jin-hwi and Ye-jin families.

Therefore, today Ye-jin must realize, "Ah, I should have been a stimulus before my parents." Until now, she has caused her parents worry because she was immature, but now she must fulfill her historical mission as a valuable woman in front of heaven. As a turning point, Ye-jin, who is in the position of an athlete, must solidify her resolution… So she must show an example to all future generations. Now, Hyun-jin, you understand the teacher's words, right? "Yes." Now, Jin-hwi must also understand this perspective… Jin-hwi is not getting married. He is entering the teacher's family. He must become one family centered around the twelve siblings of the teacher's family. 

In today's world, children are often fighting among themselves, and sons-in-law often take advantage of wealthy in-laws. 

In our family today, we must build a stronghold. Sons-in-law, daughters, and sons must protect all aspects of our family and expand this into a foundation that can protect the nation and strengthen the world. You must understand that the responsibility to do this lies with the sons and daughters who will inherit our family. Jin-hwi, do you understand? "Yes." 

Knowing this, even when you enter the family… You must have public beliefs centered around yourself and be able to confidently take on the mission of being a son in the teacher's family. If the siblings cannot take responsibility, you must be able to take their place, and if your wife cannot take responsibility, you must be able to take her place. You must digest this representative content and firmly establish God's traditional thought… With the conviction that I will leave a foundation that will not be invaded by anyone even if I die, 

59
you must go forward with the blessing of heaven forever.

Knowing this, the blessed families of the Unification Church must unite with the new families of the teacher's sons and daughters. Today, Ye-jin stands in the Abel position before you, the second generation, and Jin-hwi, as Ye-jin's husband, must think of her as an older sister and completely unite with her. You must clearly understand that you are the second-generation families who can inherit that pure path and transfer it to your families. Do you understand? "Yes." Raise your hand if you understand. The teacher does not have time to talk to you all. I told Hyun-jin, "You must mature. When you mature, I will talk to you," but now that you are 18 years old, you are at the age to mature.

Now, understand the words the teacher has spoken today, and remember that this day is a significant engagement ceremony day, and that tomorrow, based on the 20 years your parents have spent, the second 3rd 7-year course will make a new start. You must make a new resolution and establish the tradition of all descendants of the Unification Church living on this earth, the growing second generation. Amen! "Amen." Amen! "Amen." Amen! "Amen." Raise your hand if you will do that. May God's blessing be with you. Amen. 

Knowing this, parents should not handle their children carelessly, and I hope they will cooperate so that they can walk this path while serving God and the teacher. Do you understand? "Yes." 

In that sense, I hope you welcome this time with a joyful heart, and I am grateful for this time when the world of purpose and hope is connected, and I ask for the time to come from now on. 

Now, let us finish the meal and once again congratulate Ye-jin and Jin-hwi with applause. (Applause) 
[Prayer]
Beloved Father, please bless the future of those who have newly formed a marital bond. We thank you for gathering the blessed family members here to celebrate after the engagement ceremony. 

60
Through the words, we must think about what position we are in and what time we are facing. Faced with such urgent and tremendous tasks, while solemnly gazing at the future of these two sons and daughters, we earnestly ask that you elevate this time to a moment where families and the second generation unite and vow to organize and dedicate this desolate world before heaven. 

To commemorate this day, please bless all the hands and footsteps that have worked hard and devoted their hearts for this day. May the spiritual world, which rejoices in this holy gathering, connect with the physical world, and may all spirits in the spiritual world come to the earth to receive the blessings. May this day become a commemorative day where all spirits harmed by the Communist Party receive special benefits by indemnifying the Communist world. 

From now on, this is the day of the boundary starting the second 3rd 7-year course, so please accept everything with joy. We thank you for establishing us as families of glorious victory. May all the gifts of heaven be with this place and these sons and daughters today, and may they be protected for a long time and be allowed to have happy families. We pray in the name of the True Parents. Amen.*

61
Today's Intellectuals and Religion

I am Moon Sun-myung, as just introduced. 
I consider it an immense honor to have this gathering with the prominent figures of the Republic of Korea. 
Since there is not much time, and since I am just a passing guest, I have much to say… You must have been curious about who this person, Moon, is, as he has become a controversial figure both domestically and internationally. As you know, the person appearing here is Moon. 

Now that we have gathered under the theme of "Today's Intellectuals and Religion," I would like to share my thoughts on this matter. 

Human beings pursue higher values through desires.
What is the claim of the Unification Church? You must be curious about that. Every organization has its claims, and every nation has its national policies and claims. Just as every administrative or organizational body operates under those claims, the Unification Church must also have its claims.

62
As you esteemed individuals present here know, human desire is exceedingly great. There are individual desires, family desires, social desires, national desires, and global desires. 

When we consider what we can gain through these desires, it is undoubtedly to pursue higher purposes or values through those desires. 

Then, in this universe, and furthermore, when viewed religiously, if there exists an invisible new world, the question is, where do I advance toward as my destination? This is a significant point that all philosophies and religions dealing with life issues emphasize. Where are we headed? Each person has different desires and is going their own way. The highest purpose that those desires aim for must be the highest value. 

In this context, just as you are guided by renowned scholars in your respective fields, if there is a great being who is the subject of our purpose in this universe, everything will move according to that standard. In the human world, this brings up the issue of saints, and further, in religious terms, the issue of God. In this light, all our desires are aimed at God as the destination of our purpose. 

What does God need?

If we discover God and seek Him, the question then becomes, what does God need? What does God desire? If God has desires, we must inevitably advance toward what God wishes from the moment we discover Him.

So, what is the desire of God? It is not material, nor is it money, as we speak of in the human world today. Although esteemed scholars are present here, it is not knowledge either. God, being omniscient and omnipotent, does not need knowledge. Furthermore, He does not need power. 

Then, if God has desires, what might they be? This is a matter worth pondering. If God has something He wishes for, it becomes a significant issue that we, as humans, must pursue from a second-dimensional perspective. In conclusion, when we summarize this, is it life? No, it is not.
What is it? I can only conclude that it is tied to the two words "love." Then what love does an omnipotent being need? Does God also need love? It seems that God also needs love. Why is that? Because love is not established in the individual itself but must be established in a relational context. Can love spontaneously arise from itself? No matter how much one claims to possess love, it cannot spontaneously arise from within. It must be pursued through the interaction with a counterpart.

When viewed this way, what is the purpose of God's creation? If God exists, what is the purpose of the creation that God has made? Would it be the same as the purposes that we humans desire? Did God create this created world for the sake of a unilateral pursuit of purpose? God created it to be joyful. For the sake of joy and goodness, what is the center? Is it centered around money? Is it centered around all things in the universe? It is not for the sake of things that humans can enjoy, but rather for the sake of love that God created all things. All these creations were made with that purpose in mind.

Then what is the highest desire of all creations, and what is the ultimate destination? If we say that all things were created for the purpose of joy through love, then the created world cannot escape the connections that can be made through love. All creations are functioning ideally to receive true love from God. It's a simple statement.

To have power, action is necessary. When we look at this, many famous scientists today, including Dr. Yoon, conclude that "the universe came into being through power." It's simple. Because there is power, the formation of the universe occurred.

Now, did the universe form because there was real power? Before there is power, there must be something else. Power alone is not sufficient. Before power, there must be a process of action. When the action of the heart ends, the life that serves as the driving force of all our power also ends. You all drive cars, but when the engine's action ends, the power to run and everything else stops, just like that. Therefore, we enter into the fundamental question of whether power comes first or action comes first. Is power first, or is action first? When we look at it this way, where there is no action, power cannot exist.

Today, when we look at all the cellular structures of the human body, everything is integrated to maintain a single force within the realm of action. When we see this, the question of whether power comes first or action comes first becomes significant. I believe that no matter how strong the power is, that power itself cannot spontaneously manifest. It can only grow through cellular action; it cannot simply emerge as a large force. There must be action before power. Action before power, can that action be done alone? It cannot be done alone. To form the conditions for action, one cannot escape the relationship between subject and object. You must understand this. This conclusion arises.

Then, where does the formation of the universe begin? It does not begin with power. It begins with the concepts of subject and object, and through the formation of the action between subject and object, the direction of the activity of power changes. When it acts this way, that power goes this way, and when it acts that way, it goes that way; when it acts comprehensively, it will go in one direction.

Then what is the action that can unify all these actions? This is the question. What is the action that can unify? Is it the action of our arms? Is it the action of our hearts? Is it the action of blood vessels? Is it the action of the nervous system? The question of what will occupy the main role of subjective power that can unify all these into one direction is a matter of great concern in modern times. This is a significant issue for scholars and especially for intellectuals.

Then, what is the main action that connects to such a grand purpose? It is not dissatisfaction or complaints. The more you connect, the more you collide, the better and happier it can be; there is a comprehensive action of a main power that can bring joy. What is that? It is called true love.

In the action of true love, everything is meant to harmonize. Why is that? Because when God pursues love to be joyful, that love stands in the same position as our primary desire. Since the created world was made for this purpose, it has become a being that cannot help but align itself with true love.

Therefore, if there is a wealthy household in the neighborhood, even the neighborhood dogs go there to relieve themselves. Passing dogs want to linger there, and even sparrows flying by want to stay on that fence. The house where the sparrow chirps is usually a wealthy house, a central house. Sparrows do not go to the houses of the poor.

In this way, all beings, including puppies and even insects, exist in a form that can align their actions with the direction of the grand action of the universe based on the ideal of love. This is also true for humans; you all are the same. So, what must be done to follow the path of love? This action cannot escape the subject-object environment.

Today, when we look at humans, humans are structured in duality. We know that people have the action of the heart. No one can deny this. However, do we see the heart? We do not. The body also acts. This is well known.

The action of love is the union of subject and object.

Why does this body act and why does the heart act? If we compare this to subject and object, one is the male form and the other is the female form. The positive is the invisible inner self, and the negative is the visible outer self. How does it work? The actions differ.

For example, let’s say everyone holds hands. You might think that holding hands casually is just holding hands, but that is not the case. There are various types. Some people hold hands up like this, and some hold them down like this. (Expressing through action)

Why is that? Everything moves within the realm of the concept of subject and object to connect, so it must perform a circular motion. Why? Because within the realm of action based on subject and object, such actions are absolutely inevitable. Therefore, every aspect resembles a circle.

Now, when we think about this, how does this action occur? When you think of a "great person," you hold them up like this. When you do that, the higher person does this, right? (Expressing through gestures) This is how it acts. Therefore, when we look at men and women, their actions appear different fundamentally while being relative. Men are taller, and women are shorter. Also, the hands on either side perform such movements. It is based on such movements that one is created. The two act, and from this collision, the action of love can be established. It cannot happen alone. It is from this common purpose that the two entities can harmonize, and from this tangent, the action of love explodes.

Then why is there a need for an action that can cause that love to explode? When there is movement, there is always consumption. When looking at input and output in mechanics, the output is always less than the input. Therefore, how to perpetuate this principle in the world of action is an extremely important issue. Thus, the great scientist God must think of how all different actions can explode when they come into contact.

The action that can unite these two at the point of action is the action of love. That is an interesting statement. Therefore, if the two collide, they push against each other. They come and go, and it is through love that they push against each other. Thus, it continues the main action of continuous action for expansion.

So, if there is one plus, there is one minus. How do these plus and minus combine? The combination is the action of subject and object. The minus acts but does not move to cause absolute loss. When the minus acts on the plus, it only acts in a position where it thinks of supplying a force that can be greater than itself through the joint action of plus and minus; no matter how much a person in a laboratory tries to force an element to act, saying, "Hey, element, act," it will not act. However, if you place a plus element in front of that minus element, it will act even if you tell it not to.

Why is that? It is because it is seeking a standard that can become a plus for itself. What do you do when you find a plus? You advance into a larger plus realm, heading toward the ultimate purpose of the greatest desire and the ultimate value. So what is the goal? It is to move toward a higher dimension of love. This is the conclusion that arises.

There is infinite value in loving for a greater purpose.

Now, you can simply understand what the Unification Church is today. The desires of people today are all factional. Economists focus on the economy, intellectuals on knowledge, politicians on power, or their own desires in the world, or family lineage, or historical background, or environmental conditions, and so on; they are all acting under very diverse circumstances. That is where it ends.

While people have desires, the fundamental problem arises here. The self is the subject. I become the subject and say, "You too, come and attach to me." The disease of humanity today is not that there is no money, not that there is no knowledge, and not that there is no sovereignty of social organization. What is the disease? It is the attempt to pull others toward oneself as the center.

Look. If individuals assert themselves, the foundation of the ideal formation of plus and minus collapses completely at once. Actions must proceed as actions, and while achieving self-completion, they must go down a path that can connect them to another subject-object relationship.

All beings stop when they try to unite around themselves. If you try to enter this, you will stop. They will all confront each other. In this situation, the formation of the grand universe is impossible. Therefore, if God exists, what kind of thought should God have? To connect this, it must be discovered that it is not always about serving but about taking the path of serving.

Those among you who study electrical science know that electricity flows from where to where. Does it flow from plus to minus, or does it flow from minus to plus? It flows from minus to plus. If someone says, "Oh, that’s not true. It flows from plus to minus," no matter how much they argue, this principle cannot be changed by any assertion or violence. This principle can only yield effective results when it follows the purity of the principle. Beyond this, it is impossible. Thus, we humans advance from minus to plus, from minus to plus, and again from minus to plus, toward plus, plus, plus.

Why is that? It is for a greater purpose. The individual is for a greater purpose... The individual is for the purpose of the family, the family is for the purpose of the tribe, the tribe is for the purpose of the nation, the nation is for the purpose of the world, the world is for the purpose of the spiritual world, and if there is a heaven and earth, it is for the purpose of God. The purpose of God itself is the purpose of God's love.

There is a path of love for everything. From a single cell, from microorganisms, everything becomes like a tributary flowing into the marrow to form a great river that connects to the ocean; there is a great flow of love that cannot go to the ocean without acknowledging the principles and contents of this flow. Those who stand here understood this early on, which is why they said they must revolutionize the universe. A great revolution is taking place, but even in that revolution...

You see, when a husband truly loves his wife, even if he pinches her, she does not dislike it. You may not know this well, but I think so. The essence of true love is that even if you hit, it feels good; suffering for love has infinite value. This is how it is viewed.

When we say a filial child, what do we use to define a filial child? Money? Oh, can we say that a child who buys beef soup for their aging parents every day is a filial child? There must be love, a heart that loves the parents, before that. Whether a lot or a little, if they bring beef soup, there must be a flow of love connected within. If love is the subject and the meat is offered to the parents as one with love, the parents will say, "Ah, my son..." You all have probably experienced this. This cannot be denied.

A filial child must go through the path of hardship. To go through the path of suffering, there must be a source of stimulating power that can digest that suffering and hardship into valuable content. What is the subject that can impose this? It is love. Love for the parents; this principle cannot be denied. No matter how great the scholars are, they cannot deny this.

What is a patriot? The same principle applies. In loving the nation, loving the people, and loving the sovereign, it is to embrace the people as a unified entity that can align with the elements of love in the universal principle. Even if you embrace the people, in love, it is okay to hit them, and it is okay to strike their heads. Even if your hand touches them, they do not dislike it.

Anyone who needs love must follow the path of religion.
So does it end with adulthood? After that, one must become a heavenly sovereign, a heavenly sovereign. What is the path of the heavenly sovereign? It is someone who can resolve the suffering paths of God and humanity and conclude the purpose of love; that is to say, one who can be called the Son of God.

Then what does the Unification Church claim? It is not about forcibly doing this centered on me, but entering a path that can comply with the original way of love in the universe, where I exist for the sake of parents, children, nation, and world... progressing to a higher stage of love. So what does it become in the end? In the end, it can conquer the one and only love of God, this is how it is viewed.

When thinking about such a world, it can only be unified here. When you go to that place, you become one. It is something that can cause an explosion of your body and mind, but this action does not work because of the fall. It is because humanity is broken. Therefore, the issue of how to overcome the extreme situations spoken of in existential philosophy is the problem. How? With love!

Now, I do not know who chose today’s topic, but it was well chosen. The intellectuals and religions of today... what should you think from the current standpoint? The conclusion is that anyone who needs love, no matter how accomplished they are as a scholar or world politician, or even if they are a saint, cannot escape from believing in God and religion. If that love is not needed, it is fine to disregard the path of religion, the path to find God.

So since you have come to this place today, I ask you to at least consider the words of this inadequate person, and when applying this content to your lives or society, in terms of human morality and ethics, in various fields, I think that the Republic of Korea and the world will spread a new standard of development, ideals, and happiness. In that sense, I briefly spoke. (Applause)

New Advancement
[Prayer]
We thank you for the grace you have given us for the day of victory. While overcoming all the stories and twists of the historical era, we cannot help but express our deep gratitude before the Father, who has endured with hope for tomorrow and has resolved to move forward.

Our ancestors on this earth and countless humanity have always stood behind you, not knowing how to comply, accusing themselves centered on themselves, and insisting on themselves, creating many side paths that heaven should go. We earnestly hope that you will allow us to suppress everything centered on one standard and move forward.

Father! At this time, we are at a new starting point, so Father, please bless the Republic of Korea anew, and we earnestly ask you to bless the Unification Church and the whole world.

We thank you for giving us your joyful grace on this third Sabbath morning of this month. We ask that your infinite grace and love be with us during the time you have allowed, and we conclude all words in the name of True Parents. Amen.

[Message]
The title of today’s message is 'New Advancement.' I will speak briefly on this topic.

The Unification Church, which has taken on a heavenly mission, 

Now, the Unification Church is seen as entering a new dimension of era. When thinking about the past, the path the Unification Church has walked has been a path of suffering. This could not help but be a path of suffering because the nation and Christianity could not unite and become one with the Unification Church.

So what is the mission of the Unification Church? It is to create one unified church and unite with the nation to connect with the free world to form one world. It has taken on such a historical responsibility. This is similar to the situation during the time of Jesus, where he had to digest the Roman Empire, the center of the external world, which was the center of the world at that time, centered on Judaism and the nation of Israel.

In creating one world, if Judaism and the Israeli nation had been opposed by Rome during Jesus' time, India or China would have naturally united with Israel. When looking at the cultural world of that time, there were Chinese and Indian cultures in the east. God did this to send Jesus to the Middle East to connect with India and China. Thus, if Rome had not complied, it would have automatically united from the east and absorbed Rome to create one world. In today’s terms, it would have formed a democratic and free world.

Such a historical re-enactment form has appeared today in the end times as the free world and the communist world. However, when centered on Korea, this is similar to the nation of Israel. The fact that Korea entered the form of an independent nation by being liberated from Japanese oppression due to the coalition of the free world means that the oppressed Christianity was supported by the free world and could stand at the forefront of heaven’s nation, carrying the banner of new faith, independence, and revolution, fulfilling heaven’s will. This is seen as a transitional period.

Centered on such a period, the Unification Church, on this foundation... In this era of new transformation, if Christianity had united with the Unification Church, the problems would have been different from that point on. You all know that after three years of liberation, independence was achieved in 1948. If the established church had not opposed the Unification Church, a great historical unification movement would have unfolded.

Now, 20 years later, the Unification Church has become a church that this nation cannot help but follow and emulate, both ideologically and in terms of faith. Therefore, general religious people say that if one believes in religion, they should believe and act like the Unification Church. It is the same in loving the nation and establishing an anti-communist ideology. In that sense, the Unification Church has already left behind something historically indispensable in South Korea.

It has taken 35 long years after liberation to lay such a foundation. The national foundation and the church’s foundation have been organized... To develop this much while facing opposition in a fully established system has been extremely difficult.

Immediately after liberation, the church was in a state of confusion. There were church members who worshiped at shrines and believers who went to prison for refusing to worship at shrines, and they had to... Originally, the established church should have been organized around those who were in prison.

So what perspective did those who were imprisoned have? Many received revelations that the Lord of the Second Advent would come to Korea. At that time, if the spiritual groups had formed a new Christian environment with those who came out of prison, and if the Unification Church had started from there, Christianity would have seen the determination of national standards in just three years or three and a half years, I believe.

At that time, it was a period of confusion for Christianity. Christianity could not establish itself and was colliding due to new currents. It has become clear that the Unification Church should have been the one to fulfill the mission of the core at that time.

At that time, the nation was also in a state of confusion. Through this confusion, the U.S. military government came in. The military government era meant that Korean people had to be set up and follow the claims of Korean people. They should have followed, but... If Christianity had completely united and moved from a position equipped with a worldview like that of the Unification Church, it would have influenced the entire United States centered around General MacArthur and moved in a new direction. This is something that has come to be believed through the historical process to today. At that time, no one believed it.

The Unification Church started with this heavenly mission, but in the process, it faced opposition from the established church. Originally, when the Liberal Party was founded, the teacher was active as a member there. However, knowing the signs of connecting the church with such a foundation, the pastors opposed it, leading to a rupture. Thus, the fate of our Unification Church began its path of suffering.

The established church and the Korean government should accept the Unification Church.

History is divided and united by one or two people. Also, the revolutionary changes of the times do not start with many people. A new historical revolutionary origin is formed centered around one person who claims something and a few people who can relate to that. Everything is like that.

When reflecting on the past, Christianity and the Unification Church in Korea were in a position where they could not establish themselves at that time, but if the established church had accepted the principles of the Unification Church, it would have been completely digested. Nowadays, you are engaging in an interdenominational movement, and if the elders of the established church, who stand on the foundation of a 2,000-year tradition, hear the principles of the Unification Church for just two days, they will completely turn around. They will completely turn around.

When thinking about this, if the Unification Church had only established itself during that period of confusion, how fast would it have progressed? If that had happened, the Republic of Korea would not have been divided into North and South. It would not have been completely divided.

Reflecting on this historical past, when I realized that heaven’s will was not being fulfilled, I completely fell into the realm of Satan. There is no way to find God’s will again without leaving the realm of Satan.

Therefore, going to North Korea... On the day when the church opposes and the nation opposes, the history centered on heaven must inevitably shift to the side of Satan, to the opposing side. That is why, in front of the international communist party in North Korea, Satan will inevitably transfer the standard of ideal blessing that heaven can permit. The communist party, which seeks to dominate the world... Because Christianity, which represents the democratic world, could not accept the Unification Church in Korea, a global problem has been connected from here.

Because Judaism and the nation of Israel could not accept Jesus, where did heaven’s will go? It was dragged to Rome. The realm of heaven’s grace was transferred to Rome. When that which was established within the realm of heaven’s blessing could not be held accountable, it inevitably had to act from within the realm of Satan, meaning it would come out with a counteracting position. From the perspective of Christianity, Rome is the enemy among enemies. Therefore, we recall that Rome became the foundation that shed blood in Christianity.

From that perspective, the communist world is the global enemy standing in today’s world. Because Christianity could not fulfill its responsibility, the communist party has repeatedly committed the history of massacring and shedding blood of countless religious people in world history. Here, how does the world religion centered on Christianity survive? Just as Christianity survived in Rome, the question is how Christianity and religion will survive in today’s communist world.

They claim that 'religion is the opiate of the masses, and there is no God.' Under this complete rejection, they are presenting a complete eradication movement and are fervently pursuing the ambition to dominate the world. This is not a doctrine centered on any one nation. It is globalism. Their goal is clear. It is world domination, world domination. The domination of the world is not through natural means but through forced means, through the sword.

When looking at it this way, just as the evil Rome stood before Christianity, today there is a global villain, the communist world, which has replaced evil Rome before all world religions. How will all world religions survive? It is in the same position as how Christianity survived before Rome, and today, the Unification Church stands among world religions. The Unification Church is fighting to survive. You need to understand that.

Therefore, what is the way for Korea to survive? Sometimes, Christianity can become a cancerous presence in Korea. At times, Christianity can even play the role of a frontman for the communist party. This is the frontline of Satan. In destroying the nation, it plays a leading role in destroying the nation rather than in protecting it.

What is the next problem? The communist party. When one betrays heaven’s will, when the central being of heaven departs, that betrayal becomes the frontline of Satan. Because the church and the nation are in such a position, the Unification Church faces Christianity as an enemy, and then the nations, including the Republic of Korea, the United States, and the Soviet Union, are all opposing together as one with the church and the nation.

Just as Judaism and the nation of Israel united against Jesus and expanded to Rome to attack him, today the fate of the Unification Church is being attacked by the arrows of the established church, by global Christianity and global nations, and even by communism. The Unification Church, which is in this situation, appears to have a historical fate that should naturally perish, but it cannot perish. It cannot perish.

In an opposing environment, the Messiah must prepare a new origin.

So, the Unification Church was established in 1960, 1960. After 15 years, based on that foundation, it finally entered 1960 and started anew. That was centered around the Holy Marriage Ceremony, laying the foundation on earth. From that time, it began the third seven-year course.

What is the third seven-year course? This is a course centered around the teacher’s family. Families are being invaded by Satan. Before the world was invaded, the nation was invaded, and before the nation was invaded, the church and the tribe were invaded— the church is similar to the tribe— before the tribe was invaded, families were invaded, and before families were invaded, individuals were invaded. Therefore, God’s providence of salvation has unfolded until now centered on individual salvation. There has been no providence centered on family salvation.

Christians have groaned until now for their individual salvation. They have believed in the Savior but have focused on the doctrine of individual salvation. They have not yet reached the position of focusing on family salvation, national salvation, or world salvation. Humanity is currently struggling within the realm of individual salvation. Therefore, it is impossible to expand from individual salvation to family salvation, from family salvation to tribal salvation, national salvation, world salvation, and even to the salvation of the spirit world without having fallen. It is absolutely impossible.

Looking at the history of humanity for tens of thousands of years, although the biblical history is said to be 6,000 years, when viewed from the perspective of tens of thousands of years of human history, what has God been doing until now? He has been fulfilling His providence. The omniscient and omnipotent God has been laying the foundation for the history of salvation, the foundation of individual salvation. However, this alone is not enough.

This cannot be done by human power; humans themselves cannot do it. That is why it must expand from individual salvation to family salvation, from family salvation to tribal salvation, from tribal salvation to national salvation, from national salvation to world salvation, and not only that, but also complete the salvation of the spirit world that can liberate even hell; otherwise, God cannot receive liberation. Without the original ideal love of God, there cannot be a day of proclamation of the completion of God’s ideal, saying, 'It is done. I have fulfilled my will. Praise! The world of my love will advance as one world.'

When viewed this way, even the omnipotent God has not been able to lay the path for the completion of individual salvation.
is the mission of the Messiah, the mission of the Messiah. 
That is why He said He would send the Savior. In Christian terms, it means the Lord will come again. 
On a global scale—here, there may be concepts of tribes, nations, or states—but transcending all nations, a global framework is being woven to create a Christian cultural sphere, and the Lord will come here. Where will He come? He will come through the world, through the world. He will come through the world, passing through the global framework, through the national framework, and reaching the ethnic, tribal, and individual levels. 
Then, will He dominate the entire world? He will come through the world. To lay that foundation, today, the Christian sphere, representing the religious cultural sphere, is creating a global cultural sphere. To lay bridges to the individual level... To lay bridges to the ends of the earth—beyond this world, the boundary of Satan is the end of the world—Christian cultural spheres must be expanded. It is said that no bridges can be laid where the boundary of Satan is. Therefore, we must create a base where we can connect with heaven. Thus, we cannot hold onto the world and carry out the providence of salvation. 
In seeking the opposite point that has developed from the fall, we must reach the very end of the individual aspect. Your conscience must come to the very bottom. Even if we seek individual standards, where do we come? We must lay bridges to address the issues of the world of conscience, establishing the position of what the conscience is, and then based on that conscience, establishing the position of what the body is, creating the liberation rights of the providence of individual perfection, the liberation rights of individual salvation. Without this, we cannot establish liberated victorious individuals, that is, men and women, before the standards of the religious providence that have been set until now. 
Then, who should walk that path? Fallen humanity cannot go. We must clearly understand the content that can connect with heaven's command and come to the human world as a victorious individual representing one man, fulfilling the liberation rights as a representative of humanity. That is the mission of the Messiah. 
The liberation rights are bound to an environment that can connect with the world, so once the liberation rights are established, through one man, the history of indemnity and restoration, the history of re-creation, will take place. Since Adam created Eve, the coming Messiah must find Eve. In other words, it means that He must find the counterpart and recreate. 
Only after going through this process and completing the re-creation of Eve can He finally connect the emotional foundation to recreate sons and daughters. Therefore, how do we establish the liberation rights of the providence of salvation centered on the family foundation? We must understand that this is why nations, states, and the world enter into a confrontation with Satan. The fierce battle between Satan and heaven to establish the liberation of the family and the salvation of the family is being reenacted centered on the coming Messiah. 
When everything is completely believed, the rights of individual salvation will be realized. It will be completed as a man. The woman must absolutely submit to that. There can be no objection. Because Eve violated the heavenly way through disbelief, the woman must absolutely submit. There can be no objection. In this way, we must become one with the Messiah. We must not pull the Messiah. The Messiah must stand firmly in the center, standing on the foundation of liberation rights, and must encompass the woman. From that position of encompassing, He must establish the order of love, have children, and set the standard for family liberation rights that Satan cannot invade. The Lord who comes must prepare a new origin on earth as a heavenly family. 
In this process, Satan will unleash all kinds of histories and arrows to try to remove everything. This involves mobilizing churches, mobilizing nations, and then mobilizing the world for a total offensive. You must understand this. This period is the first seven-year course in the Unification Church. 
The 2000-year history of Christianity must be indemnified in line with the 200-year history of America centered on 1976, adjusting it to a 20-year stage. 
What must happen then? What must happen for this family to be formed? The church must face severe persecution, and then the nation, if it is the Republic of Korea, must face persecution there. Even if we face persecution, the family standard must not be shaken, and we must follow a path that can align with God's direction. Through this process... The first seven-year course is centered on the Teacher, corresponding to the number seven, and is a period that the mother can complete. Since Adam and Eve fell and were separated, the Unification Church today must raise children to the level of the completion of the growth stage. 
However, to raise them amidst the world of Satan is extremely difficult. If the Teacher had been swayed by the claims of sons and daughters, or the claims of a wife, he would have lost all purpose. No matter how much the son opposed, no matter how much the wife opposed, no matter how much relatives, religion, and the nation opposed, if he had been swayed by that, everything would have collapsed. However, despite all opposition, we must go toward the degree that heaven must go. Since our family has a firm belief that the path we must take is to lay the foundation for tribal liberation, no matter how much we suffer and get hurt, we must advance to establish the foundation of victory... We must face the solemn and fateful task of fulfilling the mission of the Messiah for tribal liberation, which was the order from 1960 for a seven-year period. 
That was the time of the mother's suffering, the time of the mother's suffering. All the women of the Unification Church hated the mother. For three and a half years, they just tore at her. As a woman, she faced all the fierce arrows of the world of Satan. It was an act of indemnity. To avoid this... If you are in the middle, you will be hit. 
So the Teacher took the mother and separated her from the external world, keeping her in another house for three years. While doing this, he reduced the situation. He pioneered the environment and cooperated with the environment... This is not coercion. It is not a command saying you must do this. It is naturally pacifying the environment, naturally subduing it. While doing this, he went through the seven-year period. 
As a result, all the people who hated the mother in front of her path... They cannot help but hate her. Those who have daughters will all come to hate her. No matter what, they want to make their daughter the mother, and amidst that, the mother must also overcome. Thus, with the end of the seven-year course, the proclamation of God's day could finally be made. During that period, the proclamation of Parents' Day, Children's Day, and All Things Day was made, and the proclamation of God's Day was made. Finally, a time was reached where one could face God in a family context. That is the proclamation of God's Day. Although the proclamation of God's Day was made, it was not proclaimed from a position that had stepped over the global satanic realm, but rather from a regional boundary. This must be expanded. 
In this way, the Teacher's family could finally settle on the earth centered on the seven-year course. Finally, they could establish themselves on the earth. After establishing themselves, the blessed families must inherit this tradition, so just as the Teacher did, they must deny all sons and daughters. Just as our family laid the foundation in the position of being denied, all blessed families of the Unification Church must step into the position of denial according to the principles of indemnity and restoration. 
Deny yourself. If you do not deny yourself, Satan will deny you, and if you still do not deny, you will all be dragged into hell. This is the course centered on 1968. 
The second seven-year course, which began by abandoning the family to save the nation. 

The second seven-year course is the course of family suffering. This family is the second family, within the realm of indemnity. 
Centered on the second family, for the nation and the world, we must truly establish the way of a patriot, the way of a loyal subject. Representing a true family, we must cultivate the duty of parents, and centered on the family of parents, even if we ruin our own children and ruin ourselves, we must establish a tradition that can serve the family of parents and the family of the nation. This is the course of the second seven-year course. 
After the end of the three-year course within the second seven-year course, entering the 1970s, everything... The blessed members were all expelled for three years. Go! Why? Because if not, Satan will take everything. If Satan knows in advance that he will strike, he cannot strike. Just wait. If you cannot walk this path, you will be caught. If you cannot walk this path, you will be caught, but if you can walk it, he cannot do anything; this is the fight. 
Therefore, the second seven-year course is a period of family suffering. During this period of family suffering, whose tradition must we inherit? We must inherit the Teacher's tradition. Which family's tradition must we inherit? We must inherit the tradition of the Teacher's family. Just as we have committed to advancing little by little for the purpose amidst the arrows of suffering and persecution, we must stand in the realm of destiny to walk a path where, no matter how strong the persecution is, we do not retreat but advance even an inch. The path of providence is destiny, destiny. We must go. 
Thus, from 1970, centered on the three-year course, we must push forward until 1972. At that time, the world was scornful. They said, "Those crazy people, Reverend Moon is a madman." However, whether the world scorns or the nation despises, we are walking the path where the nation can be newly revived, the family can be newly revived, and the nation can be newly revived. Without walking this path, there is no way to bring back heaven, which has departed, within the national realm, the ethnic realm, and the family realm. 
Therefore, we must lay bridges. We must lay bridges, but everything has been cut off, so we must lay bridges. That is why we, the blessed people of the Unification Church, must expand the external path before paving the path for the tribe, and we must go beyond the limits that the nation opposes. Thus, only then did the Republic of Korea or the established church begin to see the Unification Church... "The Unification Church is a heresy, but we must learn from what they do and their efforts. The Unification Church is a problematic organization on a national and global level, but we must learn from the patriotism of the Unification Church." 
Thus, centered on the second seven-year course, there were many instances of sending children to orphanages. They must go, but they must match their steps with the heavenly mandate, while their beloved children are starving. At that time, they were starving. If they abandon them immediately, they become beggars. So, what path did they take? They entrusted them to their relatives. They went to their in-laws, their own home, and their relatives' homes, wrapping the babies in bundles and leaving them behind. Where in the world are there such crazy people? 
The Reverend Moon, who made them do such things, is not a stone-hearted man. He is a person with feelings. He is a person who knows the principles of heaven. He is a person with deeper affection than anyone else. However, considering the solemn circumstances that he must save the nation and the world while holding back tears, he must choose this path while facing the suffering path to establish the principles of heaven over human feelings. The path to discern the right way is here, and thus, he could not help but go. 
After three years, it was seen that the Unification Church... At that time, North Korea's invasion was at its peak... 1970 was the most difficult time. 1970 was a time of fighting. It was a time of intense struggle. Centered on the ceasefire line... I think that when we look at the ceasefire centered on the ceasefire line, it can be seen that the Unification Church, the nation, and Christianity itself entered a state of ceasefire. Thus, centered on 1972, it was already surpassed. Because a new realm of fortune was created that could surpass the nation's ceasefire line, a situation emerged that could be revealed before national standards. Now, even if I leave this path and act freely, I see that these people have become a foundation to protect the rear. 
Thus, from the end of 1971... Originally, the path I must take is not within the Republic of Korea, but on the world stage, as a young man in his 30s, I must become a figure of ideological advocacy in the world. However, despite this, I could only see the extension of decades within the Republic of Korea due to the arrows of persecution. The fact that time has passed means that it has caused great harm to the providence of history. 
Before that, I had never given a lecture in the Republic of Korea. Although there were rumors that Reverend Moon was bad, no one had seen him. Many cursed him, but no one had seen him. They cursed without seeing, cursed without knowing, cursed without meeting; it was all arbitrary. That is what Satan does. When there are bad words in rumors, they all shoot arrows. 
Now, as we look at what the Teacher said from November 1971, there is a president of the association, but at that time, the Teacher already spoke of stepping onto the world stage. This is what the intention is... 
I said that when the whole world unites to attack the Unification Church, it will be the time for the Unification Church. I taught that when persecution begins, if it falls like leaves in the midst of global persecution, it will perish, but if it emerges as a victorious prince from here, the world will be newly released from that point. 
The Unification Church, which started to establish a global framework centered on America. 

It must raise the banner of world liberation in the Republic of Korea, but due to opposition, it has left a path of suffering. However, this connects in the land of America. 
From the national standard to the world, in other words, through the Christian foundation, everything must flow smoothly through the national foundation, and the third seven-year course has been repeated to connect the national standard to the global starting point. 
Thus, centered on America in 1974... It must be shortened as much as possible. We cannot wait seven years. It must end in 1974, but it has already started three years earlier, three years earlier. It means that it started from a position similar to the third seven-year course. 
In this way, I went to America. While going to America, I was the only one who knew; no one else knew. The president of the association did not know, and no one else knew. However, Satan knows the path well. I was caught at Gimpo Airport, and I was not granted a visa to enter the United States from Canada... I fought with the American government through Canada. I mobilized the National Assembly and fought. 
So, I went to Canada... Even then, Satan's side cooperated. The reason the U.S. State Department did not grant me a visa to enter the U.S. was that Reverend Moon was on the yellow card. There is a specific individual investigation card called the yellow card, and it states that Reverend Moon has a record of joining and acting in the International Communist Party. What the hell? Standing at the forefront fighting against communism, what about communism? I understood! I mobilized senators, representatives, and lawyers to investigate the cards in the State Department and confronted them.
Is there a fact that has been confirmed? Since the lawyer can look up all the details.  
Is it true? It’s a lie.  
Satan knew that Reverend Moon of the Unification Church would inevitably succeed and conduct global activities based in the United States, so he took all precautions. It feels like just yesterday when I broke through this and entered America. That was on December 18, 1971, a snowy day. It was snowing, but there were no flights available. If I missed that time… as soon as the time came, I had to act immediately; if I hesitated, I didn’t know what problems might arise. So, I had to board a plane as soon as I got my visa, but there had to be a plane. I had no choice but to take a propeller plane and cross the border. Thinking about going back and forth in the snow, can you feel that? That evening was when the Little Angels were performing at Lincoln Center. It feels like just yesterday that I attended that performance, but now ten years have passed.  
When I entered the land of America, I aimed to establish a base for world peace, which Jesus could not accomplish by moving Rome during his three years of public ministry. Within three years, whether Reverend Moon succeeds or fails, I aimed to make it so that no one in America, not even a child, could be unaware of it, making it possible for the American people to say they would kill him, just as Jesus was killed as a traitor to his nation. That was the quickest way. Within three and a half years, I spread the word… That’s why everything was done according to plan.  
So, I brought American youth and made them all fundraising. There are Americans here too. For 400 years, as the leading nation of the free world, our country boasts of being the best leading nation, living as a base of peace and heaven, yet it is being invaded. It’s a direct confrontation. It’s an invasion.  
So what is there to be happy about? At first, they scoffed. When they tried to hit back, they found it was just a game of day and night spirits. In an instant, while it takes them six months to investigate a single organization, I created dozens of organizations and carried out dozens of activities in those six months.  
In the meantime, I captured young people and made them fundraise. I created a fundraising special forces unit in Japan and trained them, selecting them as the advance team for fundraising. “You, the American people, the greatest nation in the world, who fought and won against Japan in World War II, are you going to lose to these little ants? You must not lose. If you lose, your prestige will be gone.” Then they would say, “What is there to lose?” Don’t lose? Don’t lose.  
The trained activists from Japan couldn’t speak a word of English, yet they went and engaged in economic activities… At that time, to operate in all 50 states in America, you had to earn between $40,000 and $60,000 a week, or you couldn’t operate. Everything was self-sustaining. So I taught them. I even taught them how to make money. This is how we gathered them.  
Germans and Japanese are enemies of Americans. Yet, Japanese people come and offer their lives to save America, and Germans come and offer their lives… I mainly brought Germans and Japanese. I stirred up a whirlwind.  
As this happened, the opposition parties quietly observed, knowing through the news. The communists opposed, saying that the Unification Church was doing something… I already knew everything. If we couldn’t establish a foundation within a year and a half, they would expel the people from the Unification Church who came from Japan and Germany. I would also be expelled. I knew this. However, I knew I could not be expelled.  
That’s why after the first and second speaking tours, I received my permanent residency on April 30, 1973. It’s foolish to fight without obtaining permanent residency. So I obtained my permanent residency and then fought. Sure enough, within a year and a half, we completely established a foundation and confronted the Americans. Now, they are saying they will expel Germans and Japanese, but sure enough, after a year and eight months, the immigration office was trying to expel the Unification Church… In America, expulsion is not done lightly. We hired a lawyer and fought back. That fight was a mere show.  
While engaging in economic activities, we educated American youth using the Japanese and Germans, who were enemies of America. Do you understand? We educated American youth using our enemies as teaching materials.  
To correct the misguided America and eliminate the power of the communists…  
Now, as we engage in strong economic activities, the American people are already suffering… In every country, prime ministers come to America with outstretched hands, hoping to gain something, and here comes Reverend Moon from the Unification Church, causing chaos without knowing the fear of the world, which makes them feel pain. It’s not enough to just feel pain. It has to hurt more. It’s an invasion. When the people of heaven invade, it hurts so much that they can’t fight back, but can you avoid it when the communists come to kill?  
Mother has a promise and needs to go somewhere, so don’t look at it strangely. Do you understand what I said? I said the most important thing, but you think it’s strange. What did I say now? What did I say now? Pastor Lee, what did I say? Just stay quiet. (Laughter)  
Reverend Moon is hitting everyone, so it hurts. How furious would it be to be hit? Like a roaring lion. “You must feel pain. Mobilize all your anger and take revenge like lightning. If you have anger, uproot it all the way to the roots of history and turn it upside down.” Then comes the money…  
After that, I called the religion editor of the New York Times for an interview. I declared that I had the ability to generate $15 million immediately, within a week. That was necessary as a strategy. You don’t understand my strategy, Reverend Moon’s strategy. Just wait and see.  
Even though problems are arising, knowing the source, “Ah, Reverend Moon is a millionaire. No, he’s a billionaire. So where did that money come from?” It’s easy to oppose. “We are exploiting our young people…” “Yeah, yeah,” so there’s nothing more for Americans to divide over. Oh, how furious they must be, being hit by an Asian, and having their sons and daughters exploited while I thrive. You fool! You misunderstood, you fool. I didn’t spend a single cent of American money.  
I was investigated by the IRS for five years. These bastards claimed I embezzled all the money, but I didn’t spend a single cent. I brought in tens of millions of dollars from outside… They were shocked thinking I spent money, but after the investigation, not a single newspaper or media outlet has said a word about it. Do you understand? You need to know how much I have suffered and how unjustly I have been treated.  
So they talk about exploitation, and then the Japanese communists say, “The Unification Church is a front for the KCIA…” This is a fabricated statement to incite conflict between the Korean and Japanese governments. “If you go to the Unification Church, everyone behaves like that. What do they use to control them? Electric devices, drugs, brainwashing…” Various fabricated statements have been made into several books. In order for America to oppose the Unification Church and to attack Reverend Moon, they had to create lies, and they just flipped the lies made elsewhere onto us. They would want to hit us so hard that we couldn’t even breathe. I know that.  
It’s definitely true. The term brainwashing was created by the Japanese communists. They are projecting their own brainwashing onto us. The KGB agents are labeling us as KCIA agents. That’s why I’m grateful that I didn’t meet any of the leaders of South Korea. If I had met Kim Hyung-wook (former head of the intelligence agency), it would have been a disaster. I would have been flattened like a squid. (Laughter) However, I didn’t meet a single minister or any politician at all, not one.  
Why? My battlefield is America, America. I will dominate America and eliminate the communists… If Christianity had united as I said, it would have all been over before the division of North and South, before the nation was formed in the South. The communists would have melted in my hands. This is the battle I am unfolding.  
That’s why heaven has laid out all the strategies. At that time, President Nixon was cornered. Ah, Christianity was at the forefront of attacking President Nixon, those bastards. It was clear that America would fall if this continued. Just wait and see. Everything I said has come true. So, I had no choice but to support Nixon.  
Originally, I knew that Nixon was the mastermind trying to corner Korea based on the Nixon Doctrine. However, since I came to America, if the authority of the American president collapses, the communists will infiltrate the FBI and CIA and replace the KGB on all international foundations, and it’s clear that the FBI and CIA will be eliminated. That’s why I blocked and fought.  
If Nixon had only listened to me, he would never have fallen. If Nixon had not been ousted, the Unification Church would have soared.  
Centered around Nixon, then Ford, Carter, finally I pushed Reagan to be elected… Who did that? I risked my life and prayed before heaven. Reagan must listen to me in the future. Just wait and see. This will be a disaster.  
Then I will have to clean it up again. It sounds like a dream.  
The path the Reagan administration must take.  
Now, I am doing this work. To do this, you must know something. You need to understand how the world operates. Now, since you are coming, I am focusing on South America…  
The path the Reagan administration must take is going in a different direction than today’s title, but it’s not a different story. When I try to talk about the title, it goes this way. Don’t think I’m going off on a tangent.  
Now that Reagan has been elected, the communists are bound to strike. There’s no time to discuss it in detail. Before that, regarding the military balance with the Soviet Union, they are in an incredibly weak position, so somehow the Reagan administration must expand militarily through strong politics. However, with the issues of taxes and Congress, the communists will mobilize the Democrats to oppose. Then Reagan will surely be cornered.  
How will he carry Congress? He will face issues that cannot be resolved within Congress itself. And along with that, if a few assassination issues arise from the communists, all Americans will pack up and retreat.  
Knowing all these issues, I created an atmosphere to fight strongly on college campuses. I built a strong foundation with professors… That was in 1979. Starting from 1979, centered around our CARP, we created a whirlwind in American universities. Because of the communists’ talk of détente and peace offensives, everything melted away, and for 20 years, it became a communist-dominated situation, doing all sorts of things. You bastards, I will show you what I did in Japan.  
The communists know. They must not fight CARP! They will lose. They will lose theoretically, lose in a fistfight, and lose in strength. They will lose in their area of activity. You bastards!  
I promised God that I would strike Kim Il-sung beyond the 38th parallel, because if I don’t strike him, South Korea cannot survive. I thought I must establish a foundation that can manage Japan and America, and even handle China. So I swore before heaven that I would pioneer that path, and that’s why I am doing this.  
How long has it been since the Reagan administration? It’s November, so how many months has it been? It’s been six months. Right? December, January, February, March, April, May. During that time, what must be incorporated? Europe must be incorporated. That is the way for Reagan to survive. There can be no contradictory policies of military expansion and tax cuts. Therefore, the only way to supplement this black hole, this deficiency, is through Japan and Europe.  
When looking at this, how do we incorporate Japan and Europe? Europe is currently watching NATO, with the Soviet Union at its borders. Countries like Germany have borders centered around East Germany. They are preparing to draw gas pipelines from the Soviet Union to supply all raw materials, so will they listen to America? No matter how much America says, “If you step up and can win, I will go,” they are not likely to listen. Japan is the same. If this goes off track, it will be a big problem. Along with this, there will be global chaos centered around El Salvador, creating a chaotic environment in Central and South America, lighting a fire right under America’s nose. This is the reality.  
Therefore, the only way for Reagan to survive is to focus on Japan and NATO-centered Europe. Where is the first place to start? It’s South America. Once I establish that South American base, the Reagan administration will be in trouble.  
Thus, I am now working to pioneer the path that the best ideal countries can take, centered around administrative personnel… As I saw yesterday evening, I realized that I must not neglect South America. So I sent Bohee to meet with presidents from Argentina to Chile and made promises, entering into the full educational phase. The fact that the direction is now in the decision-making stage is astonishing. Seven South American countries are coming together…  
It’s busy. Bohee is not even in a time to give lectures or anything right now.  
There’s nothing to be done, so if anyone can go, they need to cross over to America immediately. So I am coaching the summit meeting of the seven countries. They are preparing for that now. Once that happens, we will have all the pathways open, and Reagan will be supported.  
Now, how do we solve the economic issues? For the seven countries to unite, there must be economic resources beyond the capacity of a single country to operate. How do we solve this? We will plan resources that can be used publicly. Once we establish tens of billions of resources, then we will advance as the situation demands. When this happens, the Reagan administration will… They will know the truth and shout for joy. “Wow! Is that really true?” They will say. These bastards, it’s not a lie.  
The operation of God that takes what is rightfully ours.  
While laying all these foundations, from now on, support us. Then, coming into Korea, starting from all the Presbyterian churches… This time, upon entering, I will meet with the pastors…
It has happened. These enemies! I have invested more in interdenominational activities than in the money I spend on our Unification Church through interdenominational means. Is there such a representative in the world? 
But our principle is like that. It is not about forcing and subjugating, but about naturally bringing them to submission. We must receive benefits in terms of capability, and furthermore, if we do not naturally submit under the influence of love, a base of peace cannot be formed. That is why we are hit and take away. You all know this. The operation of heaven is to hit and take away. Shedding tears, shedding blood, bandaging wounds, and paving the way to be able to give thanks before God is the path of restoration standing in a good position. That is the formula. 
Yes, I am currently being hit. After being hit by the Republic of Korea for 20 years, the Republic of Korea itself is welcoming me, and after being hit by Christianity for 20 years, Christianity is welcoming me. The group that opposed me, centered around the pastors, is being gathered. The most disliked words, the most disliked words about enemies are being said in a way that makes sense. And yet, I received applause. 
History has already ended. This time, I also received applause centered around the elders. Moreover, I am informing all the prominent figures in the Republic of Korea. I am telling them, 'Do not say that Reverend Moon did not invite you next time.' I invited all the top leaders and core members last night and said, 'Those who need love must become religious people.' 
What have I been doing until now? I said that we need to train good staff in military affairs 15 years ago. I said that 15 years ago. I said that if South Korea does not conduct guerrilla training centered around the heads of the districts and towns, we cannot liberate the Communist Party. I know the Communist Party well. Those who talk a lot sit down and engage in power struggles, pack their bags to live well, sell out the country, spread all sorts of slander, and make money through tax evasion to live well are doomed. However, when the patriotic act of selling one's house and property to save the country begins, it will prosper. That is what our Unification Church wants to do, even if it gets criticized. 
I am being treated so poorly. I am being treated poorly here. Korea is currently in a state of confusion. As we approach 20 years, the phenomenon occurring in the Republic of Korea is similar to the confusion right after liberation in the past, which has been happening since President Park's return. There is no owner. Here, we are acting as the owner. It is time for us to take the lead. 
We must give hope to the political world, hope to the military, and hope to the people. Since everything has been in a state of stagnation until now, we must raise the torch of new hope and lead the way to heaven, for the country, and for the world. I believe this started before the December 12 incident last year. 
We are holding a unification rally centered around the Victory Federation. We are creating an atmosphere from the district unification rally, the military unification rally, the township unification rally, and the village unification rally. Originally, I told them to finish by the 15th. You guys, finish by the 15th! This is the day when the 20 years after the May 16 incident ends. The day of historical transition is coming. But I told them to finish by the 15th without saying anything, and these district leaders, raise your hands. You guys! You guys, not doing as I instructed and doing it your own way…. No matter what, I told you to finish by the 15th…. 
And along with this day, I was thinking that there would be a blessing for Yejin in the Teacher's family. In terms of family standards, the Teacher must have a family foundation that can unite with sons and daughters. Without that, the family cannot establish its position. So, I called the Japanese leaders and also called Kwak Jeong-hwan. No one among the executives knows, no one. Not even the mother knows. As soon as they arrived, on the 15th, they got engaged and had the wedding ceremony all in one day. This is not just a wedding ceremony. It is a program. In other words, it is a solemn time that can determine the direction of the providence of family salvation. The fact that we have moved to an era where family salvation can be possible in the historical path of heaven, which has pushed for individual salvation until now, is an incredible leap, or what should I say? It is something that cannot be expressed. God has sent the Messiah until now to recreate Adam. He has walked the path of suffering throughout the historical era to find just one Adam, yet now He is fulfilling family salvation. The era of individual salvation has passed. Do you understand what I mean? It is family salvation. 
That is why, after winning in America and returning to Korea, I will cut off the necks of my enemies and push them into the realm of revenge, but they are the Cain within the Unification Church. The enemies of the Unification Church are those who have fallen away from the Unification Church, these guys. In the world, they are enemies who should be executed, but that is not the case. God's providence of salvation is to save the enemy, so forgive them. Forgive them. Blessed families in the Unification family are enemies, so forgive this enemy. Otherwise…. Because of this, I have created a foundation where the internal and external families of the Unification Church can merge, which is why we can bless our Yejin. Do you understand what I mean? Do you understand what I am saying? 
This is about the principle that the Teacher teaches within ourselves and the path of God's providence. The environmental conditions that can subjugate Cain are in the family era beyond the individual era. Therefore, by forgiving the blessed families that have been devastated, we can create a connection through which Cain's family and Abel's family can unite, paving the way for the foundation of the Teacher's children's family. 
If you think in worldly terms, it is a boiling game. Throughout my life, opposing Christianity and the betrayers of the Unification Church, I have come this far, but I am trying to save Christianity…. Until I settle the enemies of the Unification Church, Christianity cannot be settled. Do you understand? Do you understand what I am saying? 
To establish the tradition of heaven, the second 7-year course must be fought through. 
To settle Christianity, I have set up such a sign that they can praise what they could not do. Therefore, Reverend Moon of the Unification Church has loved and cared for the enemy denominations…. Although the pastors oppose, the second generation will surely represent history and step forward, the second generation. Based on what the country cannot do, centered around the 63,000 villages, let’s hold a rally for a month! To do this, we need to mobilize 12 million, nearly 14 million. We are doing this now. 
I believe that the reports being sent to the center will show that more than 2,000 rallies are being held in a day. We cannot manage all of this from behind. Only then can heaven lower the net boat to the ground. 
You see, when a tree grows, the roots spread, but new leaves must sprout from all the branches. The Communist Party knows this well. No matter how much politicians in the Republic of Korea oppose communism and try to catch Kim Il-sung, the guns in the hands of the police cannot catch Kim Il-sung. 
In the Republic of Korea, what can catch Kim Il-sung is the family. It is the generation. The generation must be prepared to sit on this base, which has all become a base for underground operations against the Communist Party; without that preparation, there cannot be a day of victory. I am currently being branded as a heretic, a national traitor, and all sorts of heinous…. Even now. 'Moon is doing that to get into politics. Oh, if he does that and just gives one command, it will immediately become a political organization and our sovereignty will collapse,' they say. The sovereignty of the Republic of Korea is not the problem. I declared the Moscow conference to smash Kim Il-sung's palace. I am currently stationed everywhere for this purpose, and is the Republic of Korea the problem? Even while receiving such misunderstandings and misinterpretations, I say, 'Go ahead and do whatever you want. You all do whatever you want. I am busy with my own path, my own path.' 
When everyone, the members of the Unification Church, the executives, when things were good, they would say they did well because they were good, and in a favorable environment, they would try to come forward; do they even think about that? Even for this rally, they say, 'Oh, it will take a lot of money, and I hope we don't do it because of that money,' and they are just lying around now. 
Is there no money in the Unification Church for the issue of saving the country and the world? We must do it even if we have to sell the church! We must do it even if we have to carry the light! We can do this…. The rally is currently in progress, and how great it would have been if it had ended by yesterday. So starting today, all the district leaders…. They all came, right? Did they all come? You guys, I taught you all the methods the other day; if you had just done it, it would have been finished…. 
What is a meeting? This guy, the district leader from Seoul, when does he have to deposit the money? This guy! You cannot live life like that. You must live centered on heaven. Wherever you go, those who are looking for the owner's approval and serving must live as servants. If you are a representative agency of heaven, you must know how to live looking at God's approval and the approval of the Teacher of the Unification Church. 
I have fulfilled my responsibilities regarding the country. Now I know how to catch the Communist Party. The police chief knows, the governor knows, the district chief knows, and the township chief knows. But no matter how much the governor and the police chief shout, they cannot catch the Communist Party. Can we mobilize the district heads and county heads from the province? All of them must be household heads; we must lay the foundation here. How many years has it taken to achieve that? What is 20 years? It has taken 35 years, 35 years. 
I, Reverend Moon, have come after 35 years. Because of this, I can stand proudly before the nation. The established churches opposing the Unification Church, just wait and see! When they oppose in the name of President Moon, the villagers will come in and beat them up! It is all over. Even if I stay still, it will happen. If I were a villain, I would have coached and solved those problems 10 years ago. But if I do that, the history of resentment will remain, and because I have the responsibility to teach the right path, I endure. I know the method, but I tried to follow the right path. 
Now, in this regard, I have fulfilled my responsibilities towards the country. I have fulfilled my responsibilities towards the established churches. I have called pastors and elders to say that I will support 1.2 billion won. I have called the national leaders to say everything. In this way, I have already resolved the path of indemnity that could be a problem for you within the Unification Church. 
Therefore, now you must inherit the tradition that the Teacher has paved through the path of suffering in the historical era in the second 7-year course. You must grow while receiving welcome and affirming the tradition. Therefore, it is time to establish pillars. The pillars of the nation must be like this, the pillars of the family must be like this, and the pillars of the tribe and kin must be like this…. We must establish such pillars to recreate and rebuild the future vision of this country, and you must understand that this responsibility lies with your families in the second 7-year course. Do you understand? The president must understand this clearly. What is the president thinking? There is no room for other thoughts. That does not mean abandoning home church activities. 
Now is the time to advance anew for the establishment of tradition. 
Everyone, let’s just run for about 7 months, 7 months. Three times seven is twenty-one (3 x 7 = 21), it will not even be two years. Run, run! Just bend your waist, let this waist bend. Run! Try running for 24 hours! It is South Korea…. 
Now, the military is the same, right? The military is the same. The 8th Army has started receiving our education, the 8th Army. The 8th Army is receiving our education. It is the 5th Air Force Intelligence, and with the CIA's agents, under the direct control of the Ministry of National Defense, the 8th Army has a system that manages it horizontally, and from there, we are conducting Unification Church principle education. The lectures on the Unification Church there are recognized as inspirational lectures. 
Now, the 8th Army just needs to receive education. There, centered around the movie 'Oh In-cheon,' we had a big fight with the Ministry of National Defense. The Army, Navy, and Marine Corps, those with loyalty are the Marine Corps. The Marine Corps has put forward a four-star general and has been pressed. So, when the Ministry of National Defense and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs opposed, we thought we should show them an example, and we mobilized the Marine Corps band. The Marine Corps band is rumored to be the presidential band. When the American president is inaugurated, the Marine Corps band performs at the inauguration ceremony. We mobilized such a representative band. At national events, they stood wearing Marine Corps uniforms and planted flags. How else can I, Reverend Moon, establish the authority of the Korean state? The Ministry of National Defense and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs have clashed. The Ministry of National Defense knows that the Ministry of Foreign Affairs hates Reverend Moon. So, the Ministry of National Defense issued a document saying, 'Hey, there are all those who opposed the Unification Church until now; copy all of them and distribute them.' That would have been enough. Do you understand what I mean? 
It is not about keeping quiet; the Ministry of National Defense has acknowledged it. Why? You guys! The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is wrong. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has agents of the Communist Party and opposes everything. We had such a fight. This is a dreamlike story. Even if there are many scholars and sovereigns in the Republic of Korea, what can they do? The United States cannot do whatever it wants with the Communist Party. Therefore, we must strike the United States and strike the Communist Party. Only then will Korea survive. Now do you understand, everyone? 
Because such an environment remains, we must start the second 7-year course. From now on, everything has been organized. From now on, we are completely starting. Believe and start. Be strong and courageous. It is a total advance for the family. Do you understand? It is a total advance for the family. In the past, the Teacher's family advanced while being persecuted, but you are advancing while being welcomed; can’t you do it? Can’t you do it? How is it? Can you do it? 「We will do it!」 Can you do it? 「We will do it!」 Can’t you do it? 「We will do it!」 Amen. 「Amen」 You understand, right? The time has come. 
Now, if you go the wrong way in the 7-year course, you will go the 21-year course. When the second round of the second 7-year course exceeds, the third round of the second 7-year course will automatically be dragged in. Therefore, the second round is the problem, the second round. The second son was a problem in the family of Adam, and the second Ham was a problem in the family of Noah. Also, in terms of family, the family of Noah was a problem, and Isaac, the second son of Abraham, was a problem, and when we look at Adam and Jesus, Jesus, the second son of God, was a problem. Now the problem is your family. President, make a firm resolution. A new start, today we will advance anew, what is it? 「Amen」 What is amen? The number one man says amen. 
So then, what does it mean that you have inherited this tradition? The Teacher has fought and won against the great nation of America in the democratic world, so now you have a foundation that can be welcomed in the free world. 
Look at it within three years. Just spend three years. Do you think it will happen? Now the abundance…
The time has come. Can you see everything in front of you? "Yes," you can see it all. In just three years, everything will be accomplished, that's what I'm saying, just three years. Run! Run! We will finish the Moscow conference within seven years, that's how I see it. Within seven years, no matter what... The KGB will probably laugh when Reverend Moon says such things. This kid, when I talked about the third seven-year course in the 60s, saying the first and second would go this way, and the third would go this way, they scoffed, no one believed it. Did you believe it? When I said the third seven-year course would go this way and that way, who believed it? It's the same.

Look. What the U.S. and the Soviet Union need are resource countries in the Third World. So, we must first secure Africa and South America. Do you understand? Do you know what I mean? We must secure this first. It has already been secured. The day South America joins hands with the Unification Church, Africa will automatically follow. Centered around resource countries of the Third Force, this foundation will be able to move the world in the future... That day will undoubtedly be handed over to the Unification Church. Do you understand what I mean? This is how I see it. If this happens, what about you, America, you, Soviet Union? The wind has already begun to blow.

So, in this global era, through this great process, there will be a time to leap forward... When I see that, I don't know if it's the Columbia or some royal ship. Do you know what it is that moves freely? The Unification Church can now truly move between the physical and spiritual realms at will. What that means is that we are entering an era where we can freely exchange news from the spiritual world to the physical world and vice versa. Do you understand?

From now on, those who oppose the Unification Church will immediately face punishment, and the Unification Church will rise like fire. Amen! "Amen." Just saying it is good, right? "Yes." Let's try to say it even if it's a lie. Amen! "Amen."

Now, look. Do you know there is a state of emergency in North Korea? Special forces trained around Seoul's overall bases have all disappeared without a trace, and a state of emergency has been declared since three days ago. This is all equivalent to our time. In the heavenly state of emergency, breathless heads...

So, when I heard the report, I said, 'It's done. Just leave it as it is. At this time, such events will surely occur.' The Pope of Rome will be shot, there will be a traffic accident somewhere in Gyeongsan, and such disasters will definitely happen. Isn't that strange? The day after our joint wedding, the May 16 incident occurred, right? How could that be so coincidental?

Now, in this second phase of the third seven-year course, shedding tears and blood on the battlefield left by the teacher, even if I have to wear shackles, I will go the painful path of heaven's will... The family opposed, the nation was all enemies. Alone, I carried this work, and now looking back, I have truly laid the foundation for victory and returned in glory, and our son, our relatives, the Moon family is the best. So what?

When I go to places like America, that's how it is. If I meet an Asian person and ask if they know Reverend Moon, they say they do. When I ask where they are from, they say they are Asian. In the past, when Japanese people mentioned Reverend Moon, they said "Moon Sun Myung," but nowadays they say "Moon Sensei." "Ah, he is a figure born of Asia," they say. Am I a figure born of Asia? I'm a figure born of Korea. (Laughter) In the future, they will say I am a figure born of the democratic world, born of the free world. It keeps rising.

Therefore, when infamy turns into fame, the world will return. (Laughter) That's right. So I think my name, which God knows well, was given as "fame." That's what I say...

Now, then, those of you who inherit this tradition and advance to the battlefield, even if arrows fly, under the command of the march, you will ride and swiftly cross the border to Moscow, sailing smoothly with the wind. When running, the wind is, how should I say, a whirlwind pushing you from behind. If you think stopping will be a big problem, then surely everything will be finished within seven years. Do you understand what I mean?

When I go to America, the whirlwind blows everything into the air, and all sorts of games are played. "Whoosh!" There is nothing left where it goes. Similarly, if you stop, the horse's rear will go up. Do you understand? What happened? If it goes up, everything will be shattered. The responsibility is truly terrifying. What about putting a bed or furniture... That's why I have not been able to buy a house until now. You must always be ready to pack your bags. Do you understand? "Yes." Until now, I have not been able to take responsibility. The staff have not been able to take responsibility. Instead, from now on, you must stand at the forefront again and put all your children in orphanages... Where are the children? After fulfilling the will, after finding the world, the nation will be revived, and the nation must revive for your family to be established. This is tremendous... From now on, you will not oppose the Unification Church. Right?

From that perspective, what must we do now, inheriting this tradition? In front of the path our family takes, there is a family bomb, or what should I say? It's too small to call it a family bomb. What is a family? "Missile." It's a missile, a missile. When the family missile flies and explodes, the world of Satan will be in all sorts of... That's the truth. The day you only hear the principles of the Unification Church, the world of Satan, the communist world, the family will be shattered, and the Christian families will be shattered too.

When it is renewed and shattered, what will happen? Even if it shatters, it won't be a big shatter. It must be shattered to the point of being pulverized, and even if it is sent to the smelter, it won't cost money. To remake it... Now, you must go home and win the victory banner against Satan... Therefore, we must urgently connect the expansion of family churches for environmental organization, and we are mobilizing for that. We are not abandoning family churches. This time, we are organizing the environment. If it doesn't end in seven months, then thirty-seven is twenty-one (3×7=21), I see it ending within twenty-one months. Do you think that will happen or not? Nowadays, when I give lectures, what kind of lectures should I give? "Victory lectures." Victory lectures. Korea is the chosen nation! If we only talk about the Second Coming theory, everything will end. Don't talk about the principles of the Unification Church. Just promote the victory lectures, the Juche ideology, and the Second Coming Messiah thought centered around the chosen nation. Now, to a new dimension...

Now, when you leave your family, if the children say, "Aww... Mom, Dad," what will you do? Will you look back? Jung Dae-hwa, what will you do? What happened to Lot's wife? She became a pillar of salt, right? This time, it won't be a pillar of salt. Do you know what kind of pillar it will be? The pillar of salt is white and has some use. What will it be? It will become a "poop pillar." There is no such thing as a poop pillar, but it will become one. It will be useless. You must understand this firmly.

We must establish a tradition on this earth where Satanic families can naturally kneel down.

Now, we must liberate the teacher's family. Will you liberate it? "Yes." Even if I don't earn money, will you provide the money that the teacher will use? "Yes." Now, you must show filial piety. If I have established a family tradition, then the family must now show filial piety according to that tradition. I have acted as a filial son before Heaven, and as a father before you, so the children must inherit that tradition. Will you earn money to feed them? "Yes." Will you feed them? It's not just about feeding them; will you raise them? (Laughter) Where will you raise the thirty-six families? "Yes." Do you know how much money I spend in a month? (Laughter) Will you raise them or not? Here, you all are sitting here, will you raise them or not? "What, I am from the 36 families of the Unification Church..." Just forget that. "What, I came in first..." Just forget that. You must go to the bottom.

As I said yesterday, a minus rises toward a plus, but how far does it go? It goes all the way to the top. Electricity flows there. When it enters and taps God, then God, as the fisherman, will come down next. Do you understand? Only when it makes a full circle will the world be harmonized. Therefore, when you love more, when you love more, on the day you catch God's love, God will mobilize. Where to? Does God have a place to go up? He comes down. I talked about the Taeguk yesterday, but on the day it makes a full circle, the world becomes one. 

Therefore, all of you...

Reverend Moon is now making a loud noise in the world, but I am someone who, even if I wear work clothes, feels no shame at all. If this can help fulfill God's will quickly, why can't it be done? Why can't it be done? If stealing could quickly fulfill God's will, why can't it be done? It's not that there is no way to fulfill it quickly. If I fight and burst my belly while sitting, and that helps fulfill the will quickly, why can't it be done? It's because it doesn't fulfill the will quickly that it can't be done. I can do anything. I am that kind of person, a relentless person.

Look at my eyes, my eyes. They are like owl eyes. (Laughter) I don't listen to anyone. If I think I'm right, no matter who it is, even if my parents beg, I won't listen. Even if my siblings beg, even if they offer sacrifices to me, I won't listen. If I try it and decide it's right, then when I know it's wrong... People must be honest. I hate people who hold on after doing something wrong. At that time, they should go down to the ground. Because they made a mistake.

In our Unification Church, these guys say, "If the 36 families made a mistake, you should listen to me!" The association president has that stubbornness, right? Even after giving wrong orders, they try to hold on even when they know it all. They must be honest. I am an honest person. If it's wrong, I will bring it up. After that, I am someone who likes to lose. People must be honest. In the realm of righteousness, the whole world, even God, is hoping to submit.

I am like Reverend Moon, or even more... Do you understand what I mean? Kim Jong-myung has turned white. Why don't you try being a beggar to save the Republic of Korea? "Yes, I will try." Can you do it? "Yes."

Then it will be fine. The association president can do that too.

Doctors, scholars, you must start from there to save the Republic of Korea. The sovereign of the nation must also walk that path. So when it makes a full circle, the people will say, "Hey! That won't do. We will support you from behind, so you stand in front..." When they push you to that position, the world will unite. The world will unite. Now the association president must go down and come back up. Do you understand?

You must shed more tears than anyone else. I have shed more tears than anyone else. I have slept less than anyone else, and saved money more than anyone else... As I mentioned before, when I went to England, I bought my family members, the association president, suits worth $380, even over $500, but I wore a $72 Polish suit. That makes my heart feel at ease. Even without being taught, that makes my heart feel at ease. That's how I feel comfortable wearing this clothing. To others... Even while going into debt, I bought clothes and fed thousands and tens of thousands of people, but I don't want to buy even one shirt for myself.

So, Satanic families must kneel down. Satanic families must kneel down. We must establish a tradition that can naturally make them kneel down. I have come through countless hardships to establish this tradition in the Unification family, so you must establish this tradition in this country... I have left a tradition in America, so you must establish that tradition in America. Do you understand now?

Advance to leave a new tradition.

You have the responsibility to leave a practical tradition, so today must be a morning where you can pledge environmental advancement unlike in the past. Do you understand? Knowing that, I will leave in the not-too-distant future. When I leave, you must advance toward the second world for the will together with the teacher... In fact, I have no intention of returning to America. I want to return through South America, through Africa, through the Middle East, and through Asia. Do you understand? 

I will not be a teacher who owes you anything. I will continue my busy life. So, in that sense, you are entrusted with the responsibility of the second phase of the third seven-year course, and with the start of this stage, you must march forward with a loud and clear command of victory! Advance anew! "Amen!" Advance! "Amen!" Hmm! You should say Amen at such times. "Amen!" God will come to His senses.

Now, do not try to follow the teacher. When Jesus was crucified, he said, "Do not weep for me. Weep for your children of Israel." You do not need to worry about me. Now you must worry about your descendants and the path you must take. Do you understand? Your own path is busy now. Do you understand? This must not be extended to the third phase of the third seven-year course. It must end in the second phase. So think about it. We must push back the communists. I have faced persecution while laying the foundation in the democratic world, but now you must lay the foundation in the communist world. You must stand on the front lines to push back the communists. Isn't that amazing? The principle is set that way, right? Who will subdue the communists, the evil Cain? "Abel." The evil Abel, centered around me, has subdued the evil Cain, so the center of the evil Cain is the Soviet Union, and to subdue the evil Cain, the evil Abel must take responsibility. It's the same. Do you understand? Do you understand what I mean?

I have fulfilled the responsibility of indemnity and restoration up to America. Now, the time has come for the direction to unfold. You must now develop a direction where the communists can live anew, centered around the Soviet Union. This battle is a fierce battle. It is truly the era of the seven-year great war. We are transitioning into the era of great tribulation.

But it is not scary. The free world will support it. Christianity will support it. So, in America, we have made all preparations centered around the United Nations. We have created all the networks, including scientific conferences, to defend your path of suffering. When this gathers and responds to the command of advancement centered on one purpose, the day the U.S. administration moves will be the day all matters are resolved. Do you understand?

So, with vigor, prepare for the national re-mobilization to form the family messiah realm of the second phase of the third seven-year course. At this time, the entire Unification Church family must advance to a new dimension. What? "Advance!" Advance! "Amen!" The morning title is "Advance!" "Amen!" Amen. "Amen."

[Prayer]
Beloved Father God! No matter how fierce and terrifying the suffocating paths of history may be, in front of the sunlight of love emanating from your garden...
We have learned that anything can melt away. 
When Reverend Moon came to this place, he was extremely lonely. I could empathize with Elijah's feeling of 'Am I the only one left?' and I can fully imagine and sympathize with the heart of Jesus Christ when he said on the cross, 'My Father, why have you forsaken me?' 
In front of this nation, I have embraced the saddest heart more than anyone else, carrying the cross of suffering more than anyone else, and as I have come, closing and opening my eyes in confusion, I have arrived at this place today. I am grateful that, because the Father is alive, He has allowed Reverend Moon to remain. Although I was a body that should have already died, I am humbled in front of the Father's hard work, who has come out by removing those who told me to die in difficult circumstances. 
Because I knew myself, I understood how my loyalty to your will should be, I knew what the way of a filial son should be, and I knew what the way of a loyal subject and your son, the heavenly prince, should be. Therefore, I have come out with a single-minded determination, never forgetting it in dreams or reality, and I think back on the days when I struggled not to get tired on the path of battle. 
At one time, from November 14 to 20, I have kept that day to myself without telling anyone, and you know that I have kept it until this purpose is fulfilled. Now, we have greatly overcome a hurdle in Korea, but again, centered around the chaos on the world stage…. What remains to be left is not Korean tradition, but to connect the tradition of the Unification Church worldwide. We must completely break down, organize, and unify all these habitual environments where customs and nations differ so that everything can reconcile before your love, not only to harmonize but also to be absorbed and return to the realm of love under the subjectivity. We must create a world where this can happen. 
I know that such a tremendous mission awaits us, Father, so please be with us. 
The Father who treated me surely knows how to hear the sorrowful cries and prayers of those pitiful people who are struggling to conclude the second 3rd 7-year course on this 7-year course. When I go to that village, let there be more voices of the Unification Church conveying the word and praying than the barking of dogs, and when the roosters crow, let the heartfelt prayers of the Unification Church surpass the sound of the roosters. 
When we gather for worship and praise in the church, let there be a heartfelt song and prayer that no one can follow, causing Christianity to be swept away. When we sing, let the songs sung by the Unification Church be songs ignited with patriotism to save the nation, surpassing any song and becoming a group that advances toward this nation. 
The Republic of Korea is a pitiful country, with nothing to boast about in its 5,000 years of history, and today, you have established the Unification Church, allowing us to move beyond the stage of family salvation providence. 
The amazing fact that if parents do well, their children can be saved on their own, has laid the foundation for family salvation. Therefore, the Unification Church has entered a new era, a higher dimension that can start from the family church. Since Adam was expelled centered on the family when he fell, now all the good spirits in the spirit world that were connected to heaven have almost laid the foundation to return to this world in the form of angels centered on the family. We must create an environment where the past, present, and future can harmonize, establish a tradition that can weave love, and become the origin of a new constitutional standard for the Father's nation and the Father's world. 
As we inherit the heavenly tradition without shame before the remaining days and that world, we have victoriously inherited the family tradition, so I earnestly ask that we do not tarnish this tradition but conform to it, becoming families of unity that can share this tradition before the descendants of all ages, or before the peoples of all nations, or before our own nation. Thus, as we enter a new dimension of the Unification Church that can advance beyond the era of family salvation providence into the realm of tribal salvation providence, as well as national salvation providence, I earnestly ask and wish, Father, that you be strong and courageous, and that you bear with us, holding onto hope, and cooperate with us toward the day of victory. 
Father, who comforted me in my loneliness, be with them when they are lonely. I know that you will stand in for the whole when I am persecuted, so I earnestly hope and wish that you allow them to appear as courageous warriors who advance with the same conviction, as proud soldiers of heaven. 
No matter how vicious the communists are, I ask that you bless them to be resilient, strong, and patient, capable of digesting and overcoming them. I pray all these things in the name of True Parents. Amen. 

Through the condition of emotional indemnity, the providence of salvation
I have returned to Korea after five months. 
There is much to say, but rather than discussing other matters, since we are a faith organization, I will briefly mention the content that you must inevitably engage in the second 3rd 7-year course in the future. 
No matter how much the world opposes, the direction of heavenly fortune cannot be stopped. 

We declared a new era starting in 1977. We proclaimed that history would transition into a new era. Since then, we have been carrying out home church for three years. Without a global proclamation that we must conclude the first phase of the restoration providence, which God has historically been guiding until now, we cannot transition into a new era. 
However, until now, many religious leaders, numerous faith organizations, and countless believers have not understood this. No one has been able to imagine how the process of God's providence has developed religion and how the providence behind religion connects to human history and reality today. 

However, as long as God exists, He is alive and governs the historical process for the realization of ideals, thus there must be a progressive development. To achieve that progressive development, there must be individuals, faith organizations, or nations that can inherit it, and it is an undeniable conclusion that we must advance into the world based on these organizations. 
Because no one knows this overall content, there has never been a historical fact that has educated through faith organizations or other educational institutions. Today, the Unification Church has emerged and caused global repercussions in various fields, including religion. 
Now, issues have been raised even in the ideological and economic realms, and we have reached a stage where even the democratic world and the communist world cannot help but feel threatened by the image of the Unification Church that will emerge in ten years. 
Therefore, whether it is the U.S. State Department or any other entity opposing me, all the media and intellectuals mobilized against me are doing so because they understand this context and direction. However, no matter how much the human world makes a fuss, and no matter how much the state raises the banner of opposition, the direction of heavenly fortune cannot be stopped. 
This is my lifelong conviction, and I know this historical fact very well because I have confronted and overcome many difficult issues head-on due to that conviction. I do not think about going back on any issue. Going back will not solve anything. We must digest and move forward. To digest, we must confront. We must confront and digest; that is how I see it. 

The restoration is a champion match of good and evil. 

So how do we confront? The true good must confront the true evil. The best of the evil must confront the best of the good. Thus, I see it as a champion match of good and evil. Do you understand what I mean? To put it in realistic terms, it is a confrontation between champions of good and evil. Such confrontations must pass through eight stages: from the individual of good and evil to the family of good and evil, the tribe of good and evil, the nation of good and evil, the world of good and evil, and the heart of God. 
However, because people do not know that the historical development process progresses in this providential context, they cannot establish norms based on the realities of today’s world and the historical process. 
However, when we have a providential framework that develops through this official trajectory, we can certainly condemn and critique the situations occurring in each era and present a new perspective on the future. We can find the inevitable result that this is possible. 
In this light, today’s restoration providence of God, centered on the Unification Church, is not about the life journey of Reverend Moon as an individual but represents the path of confrontational actions of good and evil, the path of the champion match, based on the providential history. I think of it this way, and if God exists, He must think this way too, and if Satan exists, he must also think this way. 
Moreover, just because Reverend Moon thinks this way, it should not end with his own thoughts. The content must align with God’s will, and when Satan opposes God’s will, the content must also align with that opposition. 
Who decides the outcome of this confrontation? It is neither God nor Satan. It is the historical process that jumps over the hurdles centered on human Reverend Moon. Do you understand? We must go through the process of jumping over the hurdles. 

Restoration originates from emotional issues. 

Now, let’s get to the main point. Time has passed. If I were to title the content I have shared with you today, what is this champion match for? In the terminology of our Unification Church, it is for salvation. Of course, religion is the same. The purpose of religion is to achieve salvation…. What is salvation? Salvation is like a sick person returning to a state of health. 
Therefore, fallen humanity must return to the position of unfallen humanity. Because humanity has fallen, the fallen must be restored to their original state. This is defined in the terminology of the Unification Church as restoration. It is restoration. 
What does restoration center around? It is not centered around economic issues or social or political issues. What does restoration center around? It originates from emotional issues. In the triangular relationship between God, Satan, and humanity, the issue of love is central, and the fall began due to a collision of love in the wrong direction. Because of the collision of love in the wrong direction, we must focus on resolving it through a collision of love in the right direction. In this view, God’s providence of salvation, and the process of restoration through humanity, must inevitably revolve around emotional issues of love. 
Then, in bringing forth the issue of love, what kind of love must God and humanity establish? There are various types of love, but there is only one. If God's love is like this, then the human standing in a relative position to face God's love must also be like this. And when I, as a relative human, say to God, 'Is this the right way for me to go in love?' God must be able to say, 'Yes.' It must be a love that can be unified. 
Human history must begin based on this servitude relationship with God, and because of this, it must be unified on the horizontal foundation of the relationship between men and women, based on the construction of family issues, leading to localization and landing. 
Where does the establishment of God’s heart begin? From the perspective of the family, it begins with the relationship between father and child and the relationship between husband and wife. Based on this, the love that God and humanity desire must be united in a perfect love that is connected to the relative position. The sons and daughters born from such love grow up within that love, and the connection horizontally under the standard of that love is the original foundation that God had when He created humanity. This is not only the original foundation but also the absolute foundation for the realization of God's ideals. This is why we use the term 'ideal family' in the Unification Church. 
In this way, the husband represents the symbol of love that stands for God, and the wife represents the symbol of love that stands for both God and man. 
This reality must be digested in the environmental realm centered around the lifestyle of the male and female. This earth is the environment that must be digested. Centered on this earth, the ideal realization must go through stages of expansion from family to clan, nation, and world. Is this not the ideal that God desires? Because of this, we must return to this original standard, which has not been achieved, and move forward. We must return to find it again. 
Therefore, salvation is not about individual salvation for any man. You must understand this. The faith concept that believers have held, viewing individual salvation as the goal of faith, is contrary to principle. Thus, faith must be centered on family salvation, and the foundation of that family refers to a family that can lead the world. 
Establishing a heartistic realm that can achieve this is the highest ideal of faith. 

To complete God's providence of salvation, we must digest the enemy realm. 
Now, this has fallen. By falling, what has happened? Everything has become an enemy. What happened centered on original love? An enemy relationship has emerged. The wife has become an enemy to the husband who could achieve that ideal of love. The one who can break this apart is the wife, and by listening to the words of the serpent, Adam became an enemy by listening to Eve. Everything has become an enemy. 
By harboring an enemy between God and humanity, Adam and Eve themselves have ultimately become enemies of God, breaking the foundational ideal of God's love. Because this issue arose at the time of the original creation of humanity, this broken fact becomes a historical destiny that must be addressed at some point in time and place.
Without laying the foundation to resolve issues centered around individuals, it is impossible for God to realize nations, societies, clans, or even heaven that He desires. 

In this context, what is needed? It cannot just be for the sake of uniting enemies. God and humans have become enemies, men and women have become enemies, and parents and children have become enemies. In our Unification Church, as you all know well, I don't need to explain this, but centered on parents, Adam and Eve were born, and through Adam and Eve, Cain and Abel were born. Originally, the firstborn should have been born through normal parents centered on God, based on the foundation of ideal love, but a problem arose here. The firstborn was born in a position that shattered all of God's ideals. It was a place of enmity against God's will, where men and women became enemies, and from that position, they gave birth to sons and daughters who could never be connected to God. That was Cain. Then, to restore, who came forth? It was Abel.

Thus, Cain and Abel are enemies, parents and siblings are enemies, husbands and wives are enemies, and then who are enemies to this couple? They are enemies with God. Without resolving this enmity, the completion of God's providence for salvation is impossible. This was the internal situation of God's providence for the salvation of humanity that no one knew.

In today's Unification Church era, one person has come forth and recognized these facts, and has laid the foundation to systematize this and align the reality of historical processes with the providential view. This is not a temporary revolution. If the citizens of the Republic of Korea understood that the origin of a cosmic revolution is exploding, they would be eternally grateful before heaven. Yet, they are opposing it. Today, countries like the United States do not understand this, and that is inevitable.

To save such a situation, it cannot be done casually. We must engage in a history that subdues enemies. So where do we start? We cannot start from the top. It must be done in reverse, in reverse. To do this in reverse, we must start from Cain and Abel, establishing Abel and subduing Cain. Now, who is Cain? He is the older brother, and Abel is the younger brother. How can the older brother try to subdue the younger brother? This is a paradox. They are enemies. It is a position of enmity.

To establish the foundation and emotional connection of God's providence for salvation, Cain stands on the side of Satan, and Abel stands on the side of God. The question is how these two conflicting beings can achieve emotional unity. Therefore, God's providence for salvation has gone through countless stories and twists in history without seeing the fulfillment of a single day, a fact that no one knew. Thus, what is needed to subdue this? A condition for indemnity is necessary. Hence, today’s title is 'The Providence of Salvation through the Condition of Emotional Indemnity.' Do you understand? Now that you know this background, let’s talk from here.

If humanity has fallen, to what extent has it fallen? Satan has dragged God's sons and daughters down into the ranks of Satan. Humanity has been dragged down to the lowest position, a place from which they cannot return to God. Our human ancestors are the embodiment of God. They should have become the temple of God and the realization of God's love, yet, from that position, they were to secure a foundation on earth and establish ideal couples, ideal children, ideal clans, tribes, nations, and the world. However, Satan opposed this and dragged humanity in the opposite direction. 

Satan has brought down humanity, which has immense value, to the lowest and most miserable state. This is the result.

So, what is the distance between God and humanity? How is it structured? In the structure of the Satanic world, there are servants of servants. What is a servant of servants? The structure of the Satanic world is such. Your social system is like that. It is structured in a hierarchy, and if there is a servant among the lower ranks, then among the servants, there are also servants of servants. What does a servant of servants mean? It means that the servant is the master. It is not the master who controls the servant, but the servant who controls the servant. The servant has become the master. Do you understand? That is the position. 

Even when looking at the lower structure of the Satanic world, humanity is connected from the position of servant of servants. This is from servant of servants to servants, then to adopted children, and illegitimate children—where the father is the same but the mother is different. However, when you look closely, it is better than being an adopted child. Then to children, and while it is possible to connect emotionally to direct descendants, restoration is not possible. The side of Satan is structured like this. From servant of servants to servants, adopted children, illegitimate children, and then to sons... Where do we go from here? To true sons, true husbands and wives, and true fathers. There are also wives and husbands in the Satanic world. This is how the hierarchical connection is established.

Now, in the historical world, we must establish an emotional standard, and how we establish that is an important issue. We must emotionally connect from the position of servant of servants in the Satanic world to servants, adopted children, illegitimate children, sons, wives, and husbands, and through the husband, connect to heaven, but all of this is enmity, all of it is enmity.

So, who is responsible for laying this path? It cannot be done by people of the Satanic world. Do you understand? It cannot be done by people of the Satanic world. Since it cannot be done by people of the Satanic world, heaven must raise people—similar to the spy operations in today’s democratic and communist worlds. This is infiltration work.

To carry out infiltration work, how should it be done? Shouldn't it be good if heaven leads it back from the national standard of the Satanic world? That cannot be done. Even if it is led by national standards, the social, tribal, familial, and individual standards are dominated by Satan. That also connects to national standards. Even if it is led by national standards, because Satan is connected to the global standard, no matter how much it is done, it cannot connect to the traditional foundation of God's overall restoration providence.

Therefore, heaven thinks about the basic policy, and in this regard, it must educate the servants of servants on the side of Satan. Do you understand what I mean? We must educate the servants of servants. If you do not understand this, you do not know the tradition of the Unification Church. If you do not know the tradition of the providence of salvation, if you do not know the emotional tradition, you cannot connect with heaven in the heavenly world, and even if there are many ideals in that country, you will become a person unrelated to those ideals. Isn't that so?

To go through the university process, one must go through the officially recognized elementary school courses of that country, and after going through the regular middle and high school courses, only then can one obtain qualifications for university. Similarly, even if God comes into the ideal world, the heavenly world, it must be connected from the earth, going through the earthly regular process. It cannot be connected without going through the earthly regular process. Therefore, how important is the earth? We must understand this clearly. The earth is important.

Thus, heaven is carrying out an infiltration operation. How can we move the position of the servant of servants in the Satanic world to the position of the servant of servants in heaven? How can we establish the original position through the positions of adopted children, illegitimate children, sons, and then husbands, and fathers? We must lay this ladder. Do you understand? However, this ladder cannot be laid casually. We must always confront Satan. That confrontation is not taking place in a normal environment; it is a confrontation between God and Satan, between the best and the worst. If one becomes a servant in the Satanic world, that is a historical servant. Therefore, the servant of heaven and the servant of Satan collide. So, God must say, "You have won!" and Satan must acknowledge it too. That battle is taking place. Do you understand?

To return to the original world, emotional indemnity and restoration are necessary.

So, what position are you in now? When looking at individuals, centered on 'me,' there is God standing in the heart, and Satan standing in the body. Thus, 'I' oscillates and exercises this judgment. Do you understand?

When the heart says, "Ah, today I shouldn’t go to a bad place," the body says, "Hey, I’m hungry, and having a drink will feel good; it’s a happy day," thus luring you in. This is a struggle. The struggle of "Don’t do it!" and "Do it!" is a fight that concerns one’s entire life. Do you understand?

At that moment, the struggle of not falling into temptation is a point of dialogue, which may seem trivial, but it influences the entirety of one’s life and lineage. You may not think so. A drink or a lie or a scam seems trivial... but behind the entire history of one’s life, the providential history, and the cosmic decisions, I am acting as the tip of a pen. Do you understand? The tip of the pen. What is that? Who is that? Each of you, the animal called woman and the animal called man. (Laughter) That is merely animalistic. You are not human yet. You must understand this clearly.

So, who makes the decision? Today, believers think, "Ah, God is omniscient and omnipotent, so everything..." If I had that kind of nonsensical faith, I wouldn’t suffer. From a worldly perspective, I am a smart person. Look at my eyes; who do I look like I would listen to? Look at my nose. Even from a physiognomic perspective, it is so. If there were such a path, I would have gone first, up until now... I would have become a leader in the established church, and I have the ability to do so.

If this had not emerged, the world would have become like this, and God would not have made theoretical decisions, and all this history and providence would become lies. The fact that I have brought out this content in an environment where it cannot be grasped will likely become the foundation for Korea to be eternally blessed, and the Unification Church members, who are currently opposed, can become a base they can proudly stand on forever because Reverend Moon has laid the foundation for absolute victory and established the ladder. Do you understand what I mean?

Who makes the decision? Who? Who? I make the decision. Reverend Moon himself stands at the focal point representing the masculinity of historical thought, capable of making decisions before history, heaven, providential history, and future history. Even if he is not a global figure, God will make him one. The Satanic world cannot pull him down. God also says, "Do it!"

Whether your head breaks or my head breaks, whether your nose shrinks or my nose shrinks, we collide. When we collide, everything breaks apart. Even if my eyes break and my body breaks apart, I go forward. Do you understand? That is the thought of the Unification Church. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

When colliding, from an individual centered around the family, when the husband and wife come together and say, "Let’s collide! One, two—bang!" If the husband says, "I will stand in front, and you stand behind," and the wife says, "Yes," they break through together. They break through the family, and then centered around the family, the children come together and break through. Thus, they break through the tribe, then the nation, then the world, and break through the hellish world to open the gates of heaven and return to the original world.

So, what is absolutely necessary when crossing over? Emotional indemnity and restoration are necessary. Do you understand what I mean? To do this, one must stand in the position of the servant of servants in the Satanic world and be able to educate the servants of the Satanic world to become the servants of heaven. Who bears this responsibility? It is Abel. This is the thought of the Unification Church.

Who is Abel? He is a person of God. Who is Cain? He is a person of Satan. Who is Abel? He is the younger brother of Cain, his biological younger brother. Who is Cain? He is Abel's older brother. They are brothers. This is a brotherly fight. Unless this brotherly fight is resolved, there is no way to stabilize the fight between husband and wife. Unless the fight between husband and wife is stabilized, the fight between parents cannot be stabilized, and unless the fight between parents is stabilized, we cannot stabilize God, the Lord of the universe.

Salvation is centered around the family. The arrowhead of the family is the focal point that draws everything in. In that sense, Reverend Moon wants to become the global arrowhead. Where does that arrowhead aim? It aims at the enemy, the target of the adversary. That is ideal. Do you understand?

Therefore, when seeking religion centered around the brotherly relationship, when looking at the Unification Church, who is the older brother? It is the established church. However, this established church is trying to kill us. This historical fact is what Jesus came to this earth to proclaim, saying, "Love your enemies." He established this target because there was no other way to resolve this.

This emotional foundation, through the historical process, established the representative being known as the Messiah, and who is that Messiah? It is the Father. That Father creates the Mother and establishes the tradition of the Mother, creating an environment where the firstborn and second-born can unite, so that a lineage can be formed and escape from the enmity of God. Therefore, Jesus, who knew this, said, "Love your enemies," because otherwise, no matter how much you try, you will fall away.

The path goes from the way of the servant of servants to the way of servants, to the way of adopted children, to the way of illegitimate children, then to the way of sons, the way of wives, and the way of husbands, and must return to heaven. The wife must follow the husband, Cain must follow the mother, Abel must follow Cain, and the lineage of Abel, the nation of Abel, and the world of Abel must follow. Otherwise, we cannot resolve the path of restoration on this earth, in history. And there is no way to reach the ideal world that humanity hopes for.

So, who does this? The rider must be the highest historical being that God desires and the greatest leader that humanity hopes for. Peace and happiness in the human world cannot be achieved without love, so the traditional origin centered on love cannot be the emotional historical fruit that can be internalized in the path ahead. This is the path that Reverend Moon is trying to take. Do you understand?

What is Reverend Moon trying to do? Why does he cause problems everywhere he goes? Why must he live like this? Does he enjoy fighting and causing problems? I don’t like that. Of course, I don’t like it. But I cannot help it.
I cannot refrain from doing this. This is for world history, for God's providence, to correct past history and to liberate this world, which is under the dominion of death, and humanity, which stands at the crossroads of life and death. Someone must take on this responsibility and boldly kick off this historical path of destiny from the individual level, starting a movement on this global scale that can create a unifying heart-centered governance and a unified image of humanity that transcends nations and connects the five oceans and six continents. That is why we encounter obstacles everywhere we go. Do you understand? It is a championship match, a championship match.

From the ladder of the servant of servants, we must establish the ladder of the servant, the adopted son, the step-son, and the son.

Then how has heaven been working throughout the historical age? It has been preparing to educate this servant of servants. Who is this servant of servants? It is the elder brother. He is the elder brother, but he is an enemy trying to kill his younger brother, an enemy. He is an enemy trying to stab with a knife. As this unfolds, who will rectify the resentment of this enemy? It is impossible for Satan. Only God can do it. Do you understand? Therefore, a religion that walks this path of destiny cannot help but be persecuted.

Look. Let’s build a bridge. We must establish the bridge of the servant of servants. Wouldn't it be nice to place one bridge and move forward? But we cannot move forward. We must establish all of this. Even if this person stands in the position of a servant of servants here and becomes victorious on the side of heaven, they cannot just go. They are part of humanity and the shared destiny.

This is one human being. Humanity is seen as one Adam and Eve. Do you understand? Adam and Eve have been divided. One person has become a servant of servants, one has become a servant, one has become a step-son, and one has become a son. In other words, one person has become a fallen Eve, and one person has become a fallen Adam. Thus, they have made Satan their king and have become traitors to the kingdom of heaven. Therefore, it is believed that by the completion of one person, the whole can be completed. 

Thus, one person must be recreated. After recreating the man, we seek to create Eve, and then we look for sons and daughters. In that sense, the term "True Parents" in the Unification Church is an extraordinary statement.

God's providence of restoration has been about finding one Adam throughout the 6,000 years of history, while human history spans 800,000 years. However, the sorrow is that we have not yet found that one Adam. That Adam is an enemy to Eve and an enemy to the sons and daughters, and among those sons and daughters, Cain and Abel are enemies. If we were to find all of that, it would take a history of billions of years. Therefore, it is necessary to establish a core being that can represent this suffering and carry out a providence that shortens this process.

The spiritual leaders of that era planned this. They are working centered around the four major cultural spheres: the Christian cultural sphere, the Islamic cultural sphere, the Far Eastern cultural sphere, and the Indian cultural sphere. Based on these four cultural spheres, they are establishing measures to address the circumstances of that era and environment, producing individual responsible figures, family responsible figures, tribal responsible figures, national responsible figures, and global responsible figures in all directions. Thus, everything is different. At some point, a global leader must emerge to address all of this. To address this, everything must be stitched together. Do you understand?

By creating a ladder like this, and by ascending to the top of the world, all that was fallen in the past, all facts that violated the emotional norms, and all enmity must be resolved, and it must be declared that "there are no enemies. Between God and our original ancestors Adam and Eve, between the completed Adam and Eve, and between the children of the completed Adam and Eve, there is no conflict," only then can one enter the kingdom of heaven.

Now, when we think about this, this is the goal of the providence of salvation and the will of God to establish Christianity and historical religions, which no one could have imagined. We must connect this. Do you understand? We must connect from the servant of servants. There is a ladder that connects this. From the ladder of the servant of servants to the ladder of the servant, then what? The ladder of the adopted son, and then what? The ladder of the step-son, and then what? The ladder of the son, and then what? The ladder of the wife! This is what religion has been responsible for until now. So when the Messiah comes, focusing on the wife, if this is pulled through, it connects with the Abel world, the Abel nation, the Abel tribe, the Abel family, and the Abel individual.

Thus, the Messiah must come and finally be moved. When comparing the two worlds, Satan himself must say to the substantial Messiah before God, "I have lost. You have undoubtedly won from a historical perspective. Now you can enter the kingdom of heaven with this world, nation, people, tribe, family, father, mother, sons, and daughters without any relation to me," and that will be the end.

That is why Jesus came to find the wife, the bride. He came to find the bride, but that bride is not a bride who is alone, but rather sees the entire Christian world, which represents the world, as sons and daughters. The bride must be centered around the parents and must become completely absolutely one. There must be no one opposing. Even if Satan whispers 24 hours a day, there must be a person who does not oppose. Even in a position where everyone can oppose, one must stand absolutely united before God and become an enemy before Satan. Only then can the boundary between the fallen world and the heavenly world be determined. Do you understand?

To naturally subdue Cain, one must sacrifice.

Now, you must understand the tradition centered on emotional indemnity and restoration. Then what does God do? What does He do in the world of Satan? He educates the servants of Satan on the path they must take. For this, God Himself stands in the position of the servant of servants and educates the elder brothers. Thus, when returning to heaven through the issue of love, one must say, "I am a traitor and an enemy before the heavenly parents. I am an unfilial child before my parents. Weren't you a filial child before your parents? Therefore, when returning to the parents, you must lead the way."

The elder brother, who could not lead, must say, "You lead the way," and voluntarily present the younger Abel before the parents to return to them.

When the elder brother stands in a position of complete unity with the younger brother and approaches the parents, he must be different from before, saying, "Unlike before when I did not obey my parents, now I have become an elder brother who can obey even the words of this younger brother, so please accept me, parents." When the elder brother is accepted while being united with the younger brother, who will embrace first? In the embrace of the parents, Abel will embrace first, and then Cain will embrace. 

Even if they drink milk from the parents, even if they are twins and one drinks from the left breast and the other from the right breast, they must not fight. Even if they exchange and drink, they must smile at each other. "Let the parents decide whom to bless," only in such a position can they become completely one. 

Only when the Eve who has embraced such sons and daughters can say, "I, the fallen Eve, have betrayed the heavenly principles by giving birth to children wrongly throughout history, but now I have returned to my husband by indemnifying this in a representative historical manner. You have absolutely fallen by disbelieving Adam and thinking of yourself, and you have fallen while receiving absolute disbelief. To indemnify that, you must absolutely believe in God and absolutely love God, and because you have become a person who can replace the absolute male subjectivity, please accept me," will the Messiah, the returning Jesus on this earth, finally receive this.

At that time, the mother must be such a woman that no matter what kind of humiliation she faces, or whatever words she may say to her children that do not exist in this world, or whatever beating she may receive, she must be able to say, "I deserve to die a million times for that." Do you understand, women of our Unification Church? A woman must emerge who can say, "Even if I am right, please love my sons and daughters more than me."

And the younger brother must say, "Do not hit the elder brother, hit me instead," and the elder brother must say, "Do not hit the younger brother, hit me instead. That younger brother has sacrificed this much for me, so please do not do that," establishing a bond of brotherhood before the parents and before heaven, saying, "If you are going to punish someone, punish me." Without establishing such a bond of brotherhood, one cannot return, and this is the tragic historical course of God's providence that no one knew.

So what must be done to allow this? It would be good to just ascend from the path of the servant of servants, but it is absolutely impossible to do so. On the side of heaven, it must be so. To ascend from the path of the servant of servants on the side of heaven, one must go out and create a person who can absolutely love heaven and sacrifice for heaven more than oneself, and that person must be the elder brother, but in reverse. When I go there and educate them, I must return from the position of the elder brother. This is the path of restoration. Without this, the teacher would not have suffered throughout his life.

Therefore, there will definitely be clashes here. Here, a championship match unfolds. What championship match? The "championship match of good and evil." Yes, it is a championship match of good and evil, but is it a championship match within the Republic of Korea, an Olympic championship match? It is a global historical championship match hosted by God and hosted by Satan. Thus, one must naturally subdue, naturally subdue. One must naturally subdue Cain. To do that, one must sacrifice. Therefore, one must lose sleep. For whom? Not for oneself. For whom? Answer clearly. If you do not know this, you will never enter heaven. For whom? "For Cain." It is for Cain. It is astonishing. For the enemy.

That enemy turns out to be the elder brother. Because that enemy is the elder brother, one can endure it, saying, "The reason my elder brother hates me so much is that Satan is behind him; if heaven were involved, he would love me more than anyone else. The reason my elder brother has become like this is because of the enemy. To subdue that enemy, I must endure any hardship and any humiliation to extract my elder brother from that enemy." Thus, one has gone through the tragic historical process. Beatings, kicks, tearing clothes, torturing, everything...

That is why it is concluded that those who wish to die will live, and those who wish to live will die. Jesus' earnest heart tells us to love our enemies.

And even though the tradition of Christianity has been like this, if one does not know this until now... everything will perish. Everything will perish. The Bible also contains paradoxical content. Why does God do that? Why must Jesus be chased and opposed in the world? Why has Reverend Moon been persecuted throughout his life—now at 61 years old—why is there so much uproar? Why must he be chased and endure such foolishness? He is not a foolish person. He does not lose in any theoretical aspect or any other aspect to the government of the Republic of Korea, but he is someone who has not even thought of that.

One must educate the servant of servants and bring them back from the world of Satan.

But why does he endure such foolishness? It is because he knows. He knows that the historical destiny he must fulfill is the only path that can resolve this. He has educated the representative of the servant of servants in the world of Satan, the champion of evil, to become the champion of goodness in the heavenly world without saying a word, and because of this achievement, he must fight to lead them to follow, saying, "You too will receive the blessings of heaven, and I will receive them."

One must ascend from here, but one cannot ascend just like that. One must go to the position of the servant of Satan and educate Satan and return. When returning, one must receive God's salvation. One must make a pledge. "God, I have laid the foundation of victory in the position of the servant of servants in my family, so now I will lay the foundation of the servant in the world of Satan," and then one must go out again. One must go out again. Then the persecution will increase. Here, one must educate the people of the world of Satan from the position of the servant so that they can walk the path of the adopted son.

Thus, if one has been educated, one must say, "You, the younger brother, have sacrificed for my sake, for the sake of heaven, but I have used you for my own benefit through lies. You, who are precious, have sacrificed for me, the elder brother, and you have claimed for the elder brother without any self-assertion, and you have come out for heaven without any self. When you return to heaven, you will undoubtedly become a representative of the good world," and the elder brother must testify and push forward, following along as if he were a servant. Only then can it be done. Do you understand? One must educate the servant of Satan to follow the path that the servant can take.

Who is this? It is the elder brother. Do you understand? With the victory of the elder brother and me, one must say, "Elder brother, you stay here," and then go out again. After that, I must educate the servant from the position of the servant to bring them to the position where they can become an adopted son. Only then will the ladder be connected from here. From the servant of servants to the ladder of the servant, and then from the servant to what? The ladder of the adopted son. One cannot simply cross over. The members of the Unification Church have not known this until now.

Unification Church members sit and say, "Everyone goes out to evangelize and pioneer, oh, what do they do every day? They could just follow the teacher. Oh, I don't want indemnity and restoration, I don't want indemnity and restoration. How nice it would be to live like everyone else, doing everything in the world like everyone else. What is this unnecessary indemnity and restoration of the Unification Church? Only foolish and ignorant people do that; we, who are smart and educated, cannot do that," they say. Here, Dr. Yoon has come out, and Dr. Yoon's name is nice. Is it the true Yoon or the lowly Yoon? The true Dr. Yoon's name is wonderful. Do you understand what I mean? This is the path of destiny we are walking.

If one can cross over this ridge, how wonderful it would be! But it cannot be done, it cannot be done. Here, it is absolutely impossible. One must go to Satan and say, "I have won." What does it matter if one is a champion on their home stage? That alone is not enough. A national athlete cannot become a world athlete. One must go to the enemy's world, compete, and win to return and be called a "world champion!" This is why the teacher has been doing this throughout his life. Christianity has done all sorts of things just to kill individuals. The Republic of Korea has done all sorts of things. Nowadays, Japan is doing that, and America is doing that too. This America is the last, now. When this one collapses, I will stand before it. Do you understand? It is returning. Do you understand? Everything is set up like that.

Therefore, to ascend from the path of the servant of servants to the path of the servant, one must go out and fight to subdue the elder brother, Cain. To do that, one cannot do it with just one thing. One must go through all directions: east, west, south, and north. That is why Jesus chose three disciples. Including Jesus, one must align the twelve directions centered around east, west, south, and north. To talk about that is limitless.

In the path of indemnity and restoration, one must go beyond the eight stages of means and methods.
who fills the champion belt if you go out like this and win? Who fills it? Satan fills it, Satan. So you need to understand that Satan also works according to God's will. Do you understand? Who signs the champion's signature? It's Satan who signs it, not God. Satan is the prosecutor. The prosecutor has to sign for someone to be released from prison, right? Abel can only be a lawyer. Who has to sign? "Satan." What does Satan say? "Prosecutor." Who fills the champion belt? "Satan." It's a ridiculous game.

So what does it mean? 'In loving God, you are better than me. In asserting myself, I have fallen through my own assertion and did not love God, but you are better than me in serving God and sacrificing yourself. Therefore, you are the champion.' This is it. Thus, the path of religion cannot progress without sacrifice. Therefore, members of the Unification Church, you must sacrifice. It's not just a bundle of sacrifice; what is more than a bundle? It's like putting sacrifice into a can. What does that mean? It means to forgive what others would take ten years to do in just one year. That is love, isn't it? Is it an enemy? Is it love? "Love."

Do you want to jump several steps at once, or do you want to divide one step into three and jump? Dr. Yoon! Smart Dr. Yoon, answer me! (Laughter) What do you think? What do you want? Do you want to divide one step into three, or do you want to jump three steps at once? "I want to jump all at once." There's no need to ask. All greedy people are like that. (Laughter) So, do you understand? Therefore, the Unification Church... Let me take this off, it's hot. You all are sitting comfortably while I'm doing a one-man show, and I'm dying of heat. (Laughter) If there is enough time... If I don't do this, I can't stretch out the time. Otherwise, I can't conclude everything I have to say. So, it can't be done.

Now, what is the second phase of the seven-year course? The opposing faction says, 'What Reverend Moon has done so far is just a conventional means and method.' That's what they say, conventional means and methods. In the age of the servant, that means and method, in the age of the servant, that means and method, and then what? In the age of the adopted son, that means and method, and then what? In the age of the firstborn son, that means and method, and then what? In the age of the sun, that means and method, in the age of Adam, that means and method, there are such means and methods in eight stages. It's the same. They don't know where they are going with their own eyes, but I know clearly. I know that they are going beyond the fifth stage, beyond the sixth stage, beyond the seventh stage, while those who oppose don't know how many stages they are in, whether it's the spiritual stage or the first stage. That's the only difference. Do you understand?

The path of restoration through indemnity cannot be passed over lightly. There is a 5 percent responsibility here. 'Here, who is the grandfather, who is the president of the university who has ruled for ten generations, will not pass here.' Such things cannot be accepted. The more so, the one person who must pass and be educated has a greater responsibility, so they must walk a more difficult path, this is how I see it. Dr. Yoon must understand that. Do you understand?

If religion is unified, the unification of humanity is possible.

So what kind of leader is Reverend Moon of the Unification Church? A monk met Mr. Kwak and said, 'Oh, just having the name Unification Church cannot replace the opposition faced by the Unification Church.' Do you understand what that means? 'How good is the name Unification Church! If it were true, the world would all be one, but to pull that name out... What has opposed the Unification Church until now cannot even be compared to the value of that name.' That makes sense.

What church are you from? "Unification Church." What kind of church? "Unification Church." What kind of church is the Unification Church? (Laughter) What kind of church is the Unification Church? "To love our enemies..." (Laughter) What kind of church is the Unification Church? It is the church that unifies world religions. (Laughter) Are we going to unify the world and only unify religions? Can we just unify religions? There is no one in the world who is not religious.

When you walk your path, do you ever think, 'Oh, I wonder if the road will be good or bad today, let's throw a stone and see if it matches; if it matches, I will have good luck, and if it doesn't, I will have bad luck'? Do you think about such games sometimes? Answer me! (Laughter) Think about it, do you do that sometimes? Scholars do it sometimes too. (Laughter) What is that? It's religious. It's religious. So, is there anyone who is not religious? What does that mean? If we unify religion, the unification of all things and humanity is possible, isn't that right? That is what it means. If we unify only religion, all humans are religious, so they will be unified. If the Unification Church is such a church that can unify religions, then it is a secondary, indirect proposal that can unify the world. That is theoretical.

When it's hot, drinking water is really refreshing, right? (Laughter) For someone who has sweated. I couldn't sleep yesterday or the day before, if I had only talked for an hour, I would have had a meal at the Unification Church, but what else is there to do? (Laughter) What kind of church is the Unification Church? Whose church is it? Whose church is the Unification Church? It is Reverend Moon's church. (Laughter) You must understand that clearly. What does Reverend Moon have to do with the Unification Church? Reverend Moon and the Unification Church are teacher and disciple. The disciple and the teacher can separate. The teacher of the Unification Church is the master, and I am the servant. They can separate. Do you want to separate? Women, these troublesome women, do you want to separate, or not? "We do not want to separate." They are trying to not separate from me more than from their husbands or children, that's why the world is in chaos. (Laughter) They do not want to separate.

Why do they not want to separate? Why? Because that is the principle of heavenly relationships. Why is the principle of heavenly relationships like that? Because the foundation of vertical love is there. What is the foundation of vertical love? It is the parent-child relationship between God and humans. As long as this heavenly principle moves, and as long as I have the heart that wants to follow that moving direction centered on that heart, it has a harmony with it. That is the creative nature, so it is a power that no one can stop. It is because it has the internal connection of parent and child in that position. Do you understand?

So what do we say in the Unification Church? True Parents. What does Reverend Moon say? "True Parents." He is in the position of a parent, and what do you say, you bunch? What do you say, the bunch that Satan hates the most? What do you say? "Children." If you turn "children" around, is it not a woman? Is it a woman? It is children, children. Therefore, whose victory is the victory of the Father? "The victory of the children." What is the Father upset about? "The children are upset." When the sons and daughters are relieved, what is the upset? If the Father cries, I cannot help but cry too; if the Father is distressed, I cannot help but feel distressed. This is unity, unity.

Because of this, with a loving heart, freeing the children, even if going to a place of all kinds of humiliation, it is the heart of a parent to endure while thinking about the future of the children. Even if hit by an arrow, it is the heart of a parent to pull it out and bend it so that the child will not shoot again. In the history of humanity, in this world where countless nations are divided and enemies are connected, let's pioneer this emotional expectation anew and set up a ladder. Let's love white people. Let's love black people. Therefore, the Unification Church transcends tribes and also deals with marriage issues, internationally crossing borders... We are raising the emotional foundation of indemnity, and using this as a jumping board to jump from the hell on earth. The jumping board is high. Those who step on this jumping board from the hell on earth will tremble in the palace of heaven. The higher the jumping board, the more I must leap from that jumping board. Without leaping, fallen humanity cannot return to the kingdom of heaven.

When you become a champion in the world of Satan, the realization of the ideal world becomes possible.

So what is the jumping board? It means that I have tied an invisible line to the heavens that I do not know. Just jump! If it doesn't work, go down! To jump, you can't be up high, so somehow go down, go down! Just suddenly go down. What happens next? Do you fall, or do you jump? (Applause) Do you fall back, or do you jump? Answer me! Do you fall back, or do you jump? "I jump." You jump. They take Reverend Moon of the Unification Church to the top, press him down, and then throw him away. Then they jump and cross over. This is what we want to do. Satan is dying over this. 'That kid, he isn't even good-looking, just busy and not sleeping at night, starting to do something, risking his life, that guy...' And then they hate him.

Now, does a loving parent say, 'Hey, you are tired, don't study'? Is that true love? 'You little brat, you can't sleep,' and even if I have to whip my beloved daughter, I must wake her up from sleep and make her study. I must apply pressure. Do you understand? Why? It is not for now, but for the future, to give you great blessings in the future. It is the same.

With such a heart of love, God, who has the internal heart, makes great children in the position of a parent, wearing the badge of victory on the champion path of the world of Satan, and wearing the belt of glory... To do this, we must first become the world champion from the position of a servant, number one! Then what? From the position of a servant, a global, cosmic, historical champion! Then what? From the position of an adopted son, a champion! Then what? From the position of a firstborn son, a champion! Then what? From the position of a son, a champion! Then what? "From the position of a wife," a champion from the position of a wife! Then what? From the position of a husband, a champion! Then from the position of the parents of humanity, a champion! Therefore, when we become champions in a position that represents all loyal subjects and virtuous women, God will sit back and rest, saying, 'You do my work instead,' and will give us the inheritance.

From there, the realization of the ideal world that God originally desired becomes possible. You must understand that this is the final terminal, the endpoint through the world of religion. Do you understand now? "Yes." At each necessary stage, we must lay down a ladder and climb up like this. It cannot be done without that. That is why history has been prolonged.

Where are you now? Where are you? You do not know where you are. You don't know. Everyone doesn't know. But I know where I am. That is why I am telling you to listen to the teacher. Any national leader in the world, any president, must ask Reverend Moon. He is the teacher who can draw the future of the world. He will be the one and only person in history who is both the last and the first. That is what I think. Whether that is true or not, I do not know.

What do you think? Do you think so too? "Yes." I don't think so. I don't think so. But is it still so? "Yes." Then you are crazy. (Laughter) And when God sees it, 'Is that so, God? At that time, God also says, 'Hmm, that's right,' 'God, I'm not like that?' 'Well, you are not like that, but I am like that,' then it is fine. Do you understand? I am not like that. But are the members of the Unification Church like that? Is that a good sign or a bad sign? I am not like that, but God says, 'You are not like that, but I am like that.' Is that a good sign or a bad sign? "It is a good sign."

How much must you go to get there? Do you understand? How much must you go? If you weave a story, you are a person who carries a story that the whole world will weep over. I cannot speak. It is better not to tell the children. I do not want to burden them. Even if I have to drain the essence from me, even if I have to extract all the marrow from me, with all my strength, I will pave the way for the ignorant children, build a highway, and say, 'You just learn to drive.' Making the driving range, creating the course to teach them, and providing the car so they can go, isn't that fulfilling the ideal responsibilities of a parent?

When you realize that this was God's situation, you must know that God is the one who walked through the valley of endless sorrow, kneeling and weeping for a thousand years.

Who will take responsibility for the endless historical path of patience, injustice, oppression, and collision, while weaving stories in a moment of a sigh, living a thousand years as a day? Thankfully, on this earth, there is someone named Moon... How much has he been criticized? However, I thought that person would perish, that he would disappear, that he would be in trouble, but he has survived well and done well. I did not do that. God did it.

Now, let's go, let's start. I have known that the tradition of heaven is established through this path, so I am going to the front line. I am going to the front line. 'Go to the mouth of the cannon and shoot! It has shattered into pieces, but it will appear again. Shoot a thousand times! Until your bullets disappear, I will appear again,' this is how I think.

That is why I have also faced the Carter administration... I know that Carter himself has directly issued a public document to the world embassies calling me an adversary. Why does he say such unpleasant things when he believes in others and aligns with religious leaders? It cannot be done. I am speaking because I am the one who bears historical responsibility.

Your path cannot just be taken; it must be taken in a winding way, must it not? Can you go straight, or not? "No." Where must you go? To follow the path that Jacob took, to inherit the traditions of the countless Jacobs who have come and gone in the historical era, I must walk the same path of destiny. In being treated as if I were oppressed and an enemy, I must resolve the history of a thousand years and restore the three brothers.

Having returned like this, I must go again from the position of a servant and come back from the position of an adopted son, from the position of a stepchild. You are now in the position of a stepchild. Do you understand? If you give inheritance to a stepchild, the biological child has nowhere to go. Do you know that I recently married Yejin? Do you understand? By blessing the biological child, the biological child can lead and involve the stepchild in the position of the biological child. This is what made the third seven-year course possible.

So, having now laid the spiritual foundation, the teacher is... paving the external environmental foundation... It is coming out in reverse. So, going to Europe, until now... The teacher knows clearly where to go. Even if I die, I will not die in vain. Even if I fall, I will not fall in vain. I am someone who knows for sure that I will remain in the place where heaven and earth are swirling.

However, that will also become a problem in Europe. To prevent that problem, this time in Bonn, I mobilized 300 CARP members in front of the 280,000 communists of a thousand organizations in Europe. The German government has pulled all police forces from there. So, a bloody battle will break out. In that place, 300 CARP members of the Unification Church went in, commanded, and returned. 'Though weak, in the name of God, the confrontation of good and evil is with God's heart... In loving heaven,
Have the mindset that I am the subject in loving humanity! You have come for the individual and the group, but we stand for the benefit of the world’s humanity and God! If you strike this, you must compensate tenfold or a hundredfold. Go ahead and fight! You absolutely cannot touch this. Even in the midst of all kinds of battles, the German police have completely supported us. There are many stories to tell. It’s all principled.

So, in the fight, those Communist fellows, you know, they come to visit and bring food, and they talk behind our backs. The Communists were so astonished that they came, but they thought, “Can this really be? Are they so bold?” People who are ready to risk their lives, who are filled with conviction, feel ashamed in their presence. So, they secretly brought food. What does that mean? It means they have surrendered.

From there, we must go to the front line. We must participate in the place where God’s tears and bloodstains remain.

Now, what kind of path did the teacher pave centered around the third seven-year course? I am a person who has walked the path of a servant of servants. Do you understand? Starting from being a beggar… From the day I was opposed by the nation and the established church, I played the role of a beggar. The Unification Church starts from being a beggar. So, do you love the teacher? You like the teacher who can be welcomed by the world, who can sit on a throne and have royal authority, but you dislike the teacher who was in the miserable state of a beggar? That is an enemy to me. It will eat away at the Unification Church in the future and can ruin the ideal world. This path of emotional indemnity and restoration is laid out before us…

You, who are to walk the second third seven-year course today, must know that the teacher has fought and bled for 21 years to connect this path. That is why I was pushed into individuals, families, tribes, nations, and the world, while being beaten and robbed, executing strategies to emerge. Miraculously, I did not die and condensed the tremendous internal stories into theoretical explanations, along with practical content, to be recognized before all people. Not only that, but I have the authority to inherit what can be recognized by Heaven and even acknowledged by Satan, and I must bequeath this to the sons and daughters of the Unification Church today. You must clearly understand that the second third seven-year course was initiated to commemorate this historical fact. Do you understand? “Yes.”

Here, God’s tears and humanity’s bloodstains remain, and the tears and sacrifices of the master remain. You must participate in that. Do you understand? To do this, we must build bridges back to the Christianity that has been lost over thousands and tens of thousands of years. We must connect everything that has come and gone. From the bridge of a servant, what comes next? The bridge of a son, and then? The bridge of a wife. We must educate the wife. And then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them. When will you all become champions? You’re just playing around as champions, aren’t you? It would be ideal if you could represent a champion who fought and won against tiny people like ants. That is the condition. The condition is not bad. How wonderful the conditions for indemnity are!

The teacher has paved all of this, and there is no blackboard here… The conditions for indemnity have been established throughout my life. Do you understand? Where do we gather the extended lines of this? We gather them at the top and build up step by step from here: servant of servants, servant, adopted son, then? The son, then? The wife. We must educate the wife. Then? We must go to the position of the father. By doing this, we must become one… The fallen Adam and Eve before you lost the individual, which caused you to lose your ideal family, and losing your ideal family led to the loss of your ideal tribe, nation, and the world.

Therefore, the family I have restored will have the champion of global victory, the champion of national victory, and then the champion of the people, the champion of social organizations, the champion of tribes, the champion of families, the champion of husbands, the champion of wives, the champion of older brothers, and the champion of younger siblings, and will inherit the shield of victory, the great victory with God’s seal. This is the historical bond formed between the teacher of the Unification Church and you, and you must understand this. Do you understand?

Then, how will you handle these historical facts, which have taken 60 years of life? You must condense them
I know it's better. Also, I know that I carry a historical mission. I know that the people of the world should listen to me. Those of you who oppose the Unification Church, like those little mutts, are you not even as good as them? Will it be better, or not? Well, can you work without putting your neck out there? Can you? Answer me. Smart people, answer me. Why did you come here early this morning, when it's almost 9 o'clock and you're starving to death? (Laughter) It's almost time to eat. Now, let's wrap this up quickly and have a meal.

Can things be done without putting your neck out there? What do you think? "It can't be done." Was Jesus worse than you? Was He? "No." Right, Jesus said, "Those who seek to save their lives will lose them, and those who lose their lives will save them." Was that wrong? Was it right? "It was right." Right. So, did He say not to love your enemies and to take revenge, or to love them? "To love them."

Then, should the members of the Unification Church, who are to fulfill Jesus' will, welcome that saying, "Those who seek to save their lives will lose them, and those who lose their lives will save them"? Should we love our enemies or not? We shouldn't! "We should." We shouldn't, we shouldn't, we shouldn't. "We must." You say we must? Let me see. You've been watching what I've been doing until now, right? Did you see it or not? "We saw it." You saw it.

Now it's my turn, so let me see a bit. I've taught you so much, telling you to resemble me, and I've made you suffer a lot, training you in the ring, saying, "You brat, you brat," while cursing at you, hitting you while you eat, kicking you while you sleep at night, and doing all sorts of things to train you. Shouldn't you see me fight in the championship ring at least once to feel fulfilled, you brats? "Yes." Adults might not want to hear this, so think of it as a message for the younger generation. We should make the young ones fight. Is it a welcome or an unwelcome thing? "It's a welcome."

Now, the teacher has returned to Korea, and since that habit is ingrained, there's nothing I can do... (Laughter) I'm that kind of person. I only know about restoration through indemnity. I am a representative who absolutely believes that restoration through indemnity requires a shared human responsibility and the formation of a heart-centered unity. That's all I know. No matter how it looks, whether I get cursed at or go to prison, or go backward, I am someone who is determined to find a way. Even if I have to cling on, I will die trying, rather than just lamenting, "Oh, I'm dying." I will forget about dying and try to move forward until I die. That's the kind of person I am.

Now, what I've been saying to you for the past three years is tradition! Follow it all closely. Tradition! "Tradition." Next is education! "Education." Practice, the three great principles. 

I clearly talk about tradition. Even this morning, I said that the tradition of the Unification Church, the second 3rd 7-year course, is the tradition you must follow, and you are not just laying down a bridge on the path of the servant of servants for your entire life; it can be done in six years. 

You need to lay the foundation for home church based on the three great principles of tradition, education, and practice. 

If you do well what the teacher has done in 60 years, it will take only six years. Now, the day when the Unification Church is welcomed globally will come in less than six months. It will all be over in six weeks. Won't you do it? The time will come when it will all be over in six weeks. At that time, even if you don't match the home church with your hands and feet, there will be no need for feet. Once it reaches about 200,000, it will organize the whole world and still have more to spare. 144,000, God made that well. The 144,000 will encompass the whole world...

Do you want to stand in the champion's position or not? I want to share the glory of the veterans with you because I have suffered in that position, crying and carrying you along. So, are you going or not? "We will go." Will you establish that tradition or not? "We will establish it." Without establishing this... This base may be small, but it must not collapse when it launches the satellite of the heart of heaven, like Cape Kennedy. Once it takes off, it's over.

Where does this satellite go? It advances toward the base of God's heart. It explodes. So when it explodes, does God's heart explode and break out? Like rubber, it rises up, and even if I am outside, if my heart does not break, it will wrap around me tightly and embrace me. Ah! How wonderful would that be if it were true? It begins to land in the position of the victorious kingship that cannot be robbed of souls, and it becomes localized.

Because the championship match is taking place, when millions hope for it, everyone will rush out, but as time goes on, it is inevitable that there will be dropouts. It is an inevitable fact that there will be dropouts among the members of the Unification Church as well. Do you understand? Here, beloved wives will drop out, blessed families of the Unification Church will drop out, children will drop out, and everyone will drop out. But I must go. The history of the teacher is like that. Do you understand? "Yes." Until the landing is complete, it is always dangerous. You must understand that you are struggling within the realm of incompleteness and that the time to hope for that landing is precisely when you are laying the foundation for home church.

From now on, you must inherit the tradition of the third 7-year course. We will conduct education to make that tradition clear, and then we have created a home church stage for practical implementation. This is a historical gift presented to you, centered on the 6,000 years of history that the teacher has cultivated throughout his life, while indemnifying the teacher's 60-year history, so that you can indemnify it within six years, six months, or six weeks. Will you welcome and receive it with both hands, or will you not? I want to ask that now. Will you receive it or not? "We will receive it." To receive it, you must do so victoriously. You must be prepared to win when you receive it.

You must go on the official path with the heart of restoration through indemnity.

My path is busy. Now is the time to break out of your prisons with this conviction... Everyone, do you remember when the teacher was imprisoned in the 1950s, and you waited all night to visit him? If you do this, you will become a victorious prince of heaven, a global champion representing the family of heaven, landing in the original home of heaven and becoming a leading figure in that country and world. Therefore, I hope that you will continue this work and willingly think of what the teacher has cultivated and that you will inherit this work and leap forward for this nation and the world. What is it? "Amen."

So, to connect this, what do I say? Do not forget the heart of restoration through indemnity. Since you are in the position of the servant of servants, there can be no complaints. There can be no dissatisfaction. Complaints are the origin of corruption, self-assertion is the origin of corruption, and loving oneself is the origin of corruption, so we cannot have complaints. The absolute standard is centered on God and parents, and loving God and loving parents is absolute. It is absolute to not prioritize oneself but to prioritize parents and God.

Everything that has prioritized oneself and has complaints and self-love can be restored through indemnity, which is the official principle presented in the heavenly way. Therefore, by complying with this, you become a filial son before the families of heaven, a loyal subject of that nation, a saint of that world, and you can become the heavenly emperor. The thought of the heavenly emperor, do you understand? What thought? "Heavenly emperor." The Reverend Moon has come back today to give you gifts, which means he is bestowing the thought of the heavenly emperor. On that day, it will surely happen. I have hope that I can become that, so it will surely happen. Therefore, regardless of scholars or anyone else, everyone must go on the official path.

There, you must place your own country, and if you are from the Kim family, you must place your Kim family lineage there. Do you understand? "Yes." Next, you must place your own tribe and your own family there. When I, as the center, say, "Let's go," the family must say, "Yes," then the tribe must say, "Yes," the nation must say, "Yes." The position of the Unification Church is now approaching. Starting from the national standard, when it says "Yes," it will connect to the world standard, and now, if we just create a system that can push back the communist bloc, the world will say "Yes." When America raises its hand, it won't be a problem for South Korea or the world. That work must be done.

Because I declared the Moscow Conference, I am preparing to go to the Moscow Conference. So now, I am forming a scientists' conference, a journalists' conference, and an association of small nations, and then I will form an association of prime ministers and former prime ministers, and I will visit the Soviet Union with about 50 former prime ministers, and when I extend my hand, Brezhnev cannot refuse to shake hands. Do you understand what I mean? At that time, I can enter Moscow with thousands of people in the European mobile unit and hold the Moscow Conference. I will set up Soviet security guards and do that. I am preparing for that work. Now, let's see if it works or not.

Therefore, when I meet members of the Unification Church, I hear people related to Korean intelligence say, "Even if we only talk about the Republic of Korea, we are having this issue, but every time we talk about the Unification Church, we deal with global issues." It seems that what the members of the Unification Church said about ten years ago is correct. What is it now? It is no longer a world issue but a heavenly-earth issue. "Right now, the democratic world and the communist world are the issues, but the Unification Church is preparing to dance and sing in a unified world." Crazy people! Who's crazy? They need to realize that I am smarter than them. 

Looking at the suffering I have endured and my experience, I am better than anyone else.

Now, do you understand what the heart of restoration through indemnity is? Do you understand? "Yes." So, do you need to go out and come back in, or can you just sit there? "You need to go out and come back in." "Oh, I will probably be at the headquarters church," you might think. Will you stay there and go to another church? Answer me. What is closer, in the realm of the heart of restoration through indemnity? Chairman Kim! "Yes, I need to go to another church." Don't come to the headquarters church, go to that pioneering church! This is how it is. Is that welcomed at the headquarters church? Is it welcomed or not? "It is welcomed."

You say you have to welcome it after hearing what I said this morning, but your hearts do not welcome it. It will take 10 or 20 years for that to be digested. It’s a big deal. If you do that, you will lose all your timing. You must immediately begin to act along with the welcome. Until now, I have left the local churches alone, but from now on, I plan to push them out. Here, Lee Jae-seok! "Yes." Is it Lee Jae-seok or Kim Jae-seok? (Laughter) Lee Jae-seok. Hey, you brat Jae-seok! You should push them out. When you curse...

Is the cultural department head here? Yoo Kwang-ryeol! Did he not come? Oh, here is Yoo Jong-young, did he oppose? Did he get pushed out? Is this brat opposed? Is it opposition or not? You brat! "It's not opposition." Why didn't you oppose while raising your head against the chairman? Why did you oppose? I’m asking why you opposed. What is there to see? 

"There was no opposition (Chairman Lee Jae-seok)." I already know everything before hearing the chairman's words. Spiritually, it’s all the same, opposing and... (Laughter) I’m watching, you brat. What did you not do? "There was no opposition." Did you not respond? Did you? You brat, I know. (Laughter) "There has been no opposition." But you did respond, right? "There were some differences of opinion (Chairman Lee Jae-seok)." Yes, that’s what I mean, you brat. (Laughter) I know, but can you keep doing that? If I were a scarecrow, I couldn't do this. I can tell at a glance. 

Do you want to do something dangerous again, or not? "I will." These days, those who say they received engagement blessings, when will the wedding... (Laughter) These bratty kids, since the teacher has come, after the scientists' conference, they say, "Oh, I hope we can have our wedding blessed..." (Laughter) Isn’t that the honest truth? Did I lie? Is that right or not? This is the majority. 

They came, they came. The teacher has come. (Laughter) What do you mean they came? They came to put a burden on you, a burden. (Laughter) This is like going to remove a wart and ending up attaching another wart; it’s just ordinary, they came to put a burden on you.

Is that a welcome or an unwelcome? "It's a welcome." Is it an amen or what? "It is an amen." What is inside that amen? Ah, delicious noodles? That kind of amen is not it. The true amen is, "May it be done as you wish. May it be as you say." What is amen? "Amen." Amen. Did you see that? Women talk well, but they always break promises. (Laughter) There are many traffic violations. Those women, whether Western or Eastern, are the same. (Laughter) Jae-seok should encourage these women to push them to the front line. So, you must press down on the top, and the bottom will be pressed down deeply, just like a rubber band, that compressed rubber mass must be pressed down and then made to jump and fly, that’s the way.

Is that a welcome or an unwelcome? "It's a welcome." Men, do you feel a bit bad? "Oh, how nice it would be if I were in the teacher's position. That brat is taking all the credit, and he says such things, oh, what should I do? My assertion is strong, how can I endure after hearing that? I would like to try it myself." And you complain, right? Isn’t that right, Unification Church members? 

Is this not a theory that fits? 

Am I living like this because I can't assert myself better than anyone else? I am a person with a terrifying personality. In the past, if I got hit once by the kids, I couldn't sleep until I got my revenge. I am a terrifying person. God is truly wise, and because He has opened the way for someone like me to be used well, we can do this; otherwise, it would be impossible.

So, how about the men? Is this a welcome or an unwelcome? "It's a welcome." Is that Im Seung-sik or something? Im something? What is it? What is the name of Gye-hwan's father? "Kim Byeong-sik." Kim Byeong-sik, that stubborn old man. So, for the sake of the meaning, you will work hard, right? Amen, what is it? "Amen." How? Is it amen or ah-men? What is it? (Laughter) Why are you bowing your head? Are you embarrassed? Why are you embarrassed? What is there to be embarrassed about?
"What? Even if I go to prison, I'm still proud. What's there to be ashamed of?
153 
You have to say 'Amen!' You need to look up at the sky. You shouldn't be looking at the ground. 
Seeing you look at the ground seems like you have something to be ashamed of. It's a path that everyone has to take. It's amazing, and you might think, 'Can they really say that while disregarding our audience?' 
I know it's rude, but I can't help it. Even if it embarrasses you, I have to make you go. That's love.
 From now on, I will make you feel ashamed, you little rascals. This is the path of truth that I know, the path of unification that I walk, the path that God can welcome, the path that humanity can overcome, the path where the Unification Church can establish a normal victory, a champion. What is wrong with trying to walk this path? There is nothing wrong. If there is nothing wrong, then don't complain and just go.
 Song Do-bin, Song Do-bin? "Yes." Have you been resting a bit? "Yes." You've been resting, right? Why are you surprised? You've been resting, right? "Yes." Who were you resting for? Did you rest for the Unification Church? Did you rest for God, for the teacher, or for yourself? Who were you resting for? You have to answer; people must be honest.
 If it's disadvantageous, you don't answer, and if you keep your mouth shut, does that work? No, it doesn't. That doesn't work with Teacher Moon. You did wrong, did you do well? Did you do well or did you do wrong? Why aren't you answering? After listening to today's words, did you do well or did you do wrong? "I did wrong." What will you do? You must run several times harder. When you enter the Unification Church, if you don't have a higher standard than when you entered, you will fall. You must go beyond the joy you had when you entered the Unification Church.
 Pass on the emotional indemnity restoration and carry it on as tradition.
 I, Teacher Moon of the Unification Church, know that the cross becomes heavier, multiplied by several times, several tens of times, several hundreds of times as I come out from the position of the lowest servant. I have not avoided the increased persecution but have welcomed it and walked the path of restoration. The fact that I have retreated from the level I have walked until now is a shameful fact. The last time I declared that I would forgive everything, it was a shameful fact. It is a shameful fact for the Unification Church. In front of comrades once again, 
154   
we must educate and create a situation where we do not leave shame for future generations and can receive the recommendations of our comrades. Do you understand, Song Do-bin? Answer me. Do you understand? Will you do it or not? "I will do it." You must go. You cannot not go.
 If you don't go, it will take a thousand years, ten thousand years. It will take countless years. If you take one step here on earth, it is like taking hundreds of millions of years in the spiritual world. When you go to that world, it may take tens of millions of years to take this one step, and it is hard. It is hard. Because I know this well, because I know the spiritual world better than anyone, I am not doing this because I am worse than them. Now I have fulfilled my responsibility. I am teaching you this clearly.
 I have fought and laid the ladder in the 5% realm of indemnity restoration... That is one-tenth. What took 60 years is done in 6 years, so it's one-tenth. If it is 6 months, how many parts is that? How much is 6 months? That is not even a problem. I hope you can go through that entire path... This is tradition, tradition. Do you understand? Tradition, do you understand? "Yes."
 If you are here at the headquarters of the Unification Church, you will never be able to rise. You must go out, win, come back, and rise from here, then go out again, win, come back, and rise again. That's why Jeong Dae-hwa is telling you to go out. You must all go out. You must go out and come back as a family. The teacher did that, right? It's the same. That is a short path, a short path.
 So, you must clearly understand what the tradition of the second 3rd 7-year course is, inherit the global foundation of the teacher, and create a time when you can establish a foundation of privilege that can liberate not only your generation but also all ancestors in the spiritual world who have come before. I hope you do not become a miserable and pitiful group that forgets this. I am telling you to pass on the emotional indemnity restoration and carry it on as tradition. Do you understand? "Yes."
 Amen, what? "Amen." Amen! "Amen." Amen! "Amen." Amen! "Amen."
 
155 
As it gets smaller, you all get smaller. Amen! "Amen!" Amen "Amen!" 
Amen "Amen!" You must grow bigger. Amen (quietly) "Amen!" Amen! (loudly) "Amen." It's an Amen. "Amen! Amen! Amen!" Even without the teacher, you should all become like Reverend Moon, all become like Hong Gil-dong. Do you understand? That is what I mean. Even without the teacher, you must fight on.
 Now, treating you as adults, you must inherit the inheritance rights of a family in the heavenly kingdom, the traditional inheritance rights of the heavenly kingdom, and look forward to the day when you can achieve the victory of the nation and the world while completing the second 3rd 7-year course. I earnestly pray for God's blessings to be upon you. Amen. "Amen."
 [Prayer]
 Beloved Heavenly Father, I have returned to Korea again. No matter what anyone says, Your providential path must surely lead to a conclusion, and I have realized that to reach this conclusion, there must be someone who can solve it without resting. Otherwise, the harsh and miserable fact is that countless lives will just flow away as they are.
 However, in this flowing historical process, only one person, God, has always been at the center of the battle from the position of the servant of servants, and you have borne the countless historical paths alone until now. Thus, you have gathered all of this, collecting the emotional grievances of 6,000 years into an intrinsic standard, and today, you have established a person called Reverend Moon to indemnify the grievances of 6,000 years with the peak of 60 years. It feels like just yesterday, and now we are in a breathless time where we must cross the final borders of world history.
 At this time, this Mr. Moon is facing the amazing fact that we have entered a terrestrial era where we can pass on the emotional indemnity, which has been a historical wish, in a 6-year process or a 6-month process, condensed from the entire 60 years. When I think that the wish you have longed for is here, and the wish for the lifelong battle that Mr. Moon has longed for is here, I am overwhelmed with a heart that cannot be measured.
 Now, I pledge and pledge again, and your little ones gathered here have sworn before heaven that they will receive this path with both hands, so please do not let them take the path of betrayal. Just as God does, just as the teacher does, please do not let them take such a path. Embrace them deeply in your bosom and in the bosom of their parents, resolving the grievances of a thousand years... Along with the grievances, let them be able to love God more and be more filial before heaven, and let them not forget that they are wanderers who must return to the eternal original world.
 We have come to know that this life path cannot settle here. The sad stories in the passing life path will not remain unless we win. When we become losers, this will remain as a condition of resentment, a condition of accusation, and I have come to know that it will remain as a condition of accusation that curses and persecutes me. Therefore, I must grit my teeth and look back at myself who must resolve the grievances of a thousand years, repenting and repenting again, conforming to the path of indemnity, and from the duty of the servant of servants to the duty of the servant, die... Father, Abel walked the path of grievances and misery like this, and I must subdue Cain and liberate my mother and father.
 The members of the Unification Church now have the responsibility to liberate their teacher, their parents, and this Mr. Moon of the Unification Church has the responsibility to liberate the Heavenly Parents. We have inherited this common destiny, so please be with us in this, and we have made all pledges knowing that without going through the path to overcome today's shame, there can be no day of welcome tomorrow.
 Therefore, I earnestly request and wish for God's blessings and protective hands to be upon us.
 For the upcoming scientists' conference, may your beloved children who are preparing for this path, and the scientists around the world who are preparing and thinking about Korea, receive your special love. I earnestly request that this historical period can be a time to pledge a new historical bond for Korea and a new declaration for world history.
 May Korea be blessed to become a topic of world history in the 1980s. I hope the future of this country will be newly learned through the Unification Church and that the day will come when we can share that direction together. I earnestly request that your joyful will be with this nation and this people, and with the world and humanity, and with the heavenly world.
 Thanking you for this day of remembrance, I pray all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen. *
158   
Self-made
 Every time the teacher comes, what is the family assembly? I ended up taking steps I never thought of. How many families gathered? Did everyone gather? "Only 777 families gathered." Only 777 families? How many people are there in all the families in Korea? 
How many families are there in total? "539 couples." There are 539 couples, but how many families gathered? Only one-third gathered. I thought it was a total assembly, but it is not.
 Let's have a feast for tribal evangelism.
 
Let’s see the families without children raise their hands. Where are the couples? Did your wife come? Call her name! Why don't you have children? "It's the period of indemnity." That's one reason, but where did your wife go? You sit down. Sit down. Oh, you stand up. Where did your wife go? "It went wrong." So that's why you don't have children, but the rest do? "Yes." If they married among themselves, one-third might not have children.
 So, are all the children growing well? "Yes." In the world, if children are born, one-third would be sent to the cemetery, but we are not like that, right? Is it a very small number? "Yes." What is a very small number? "The death rate." The death rate. There may be people going for indemnity because their parents did wrong, but otherwise, they cannot go.
 So, the 777 families, how do they get along? "Yes." Did you have any fights? How is it? Centered around your family, the in-laws, or the relatives of the bride and groom, do the relatives on the bride's side like the groom, and those on the groom's side like the bride? "Yes."
 So, do you receive a lot of welcomes? "Yes." Does the Unification Church also welcome you? "Yes." Raise your hands if you think the Unification Church welcomes you. I'm not asking if your side welcomes you. I'm asking if the other side does. Do the in-laws like the groom and the bride? "Yes." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Raise your hands again. Then, are there people who oppose it, who do not like it? Are there people who didn't like it in the past but like it now? Raise your hands if there are people who didn't like it back then. Is this all? Oh, there are many women.
 So, do you all think you got a good daughter-in-law and son-in-law? "Yes." Raise your hands if you think you didn't get a good one. There are none. Now, as for sons and daughters, to the parents, they are grandchildren, but to you, they are sons and daughters. Raise your hands if you think you have good grandchildren. Now, raise your hands if you think you don't have good grandchildren. 
Everyone loves their own children, even if they are piglets.
 So, the conclusion is that the joint marriage ceremony in the Unification Church is generally good, not bad. "It is a good conclusion." So, it means that among the villagers or within the clan, they welcome it, right? Do they welcome it or not? "They welcome it." So now, it concludes that there is no problem with tribal restoration. Raise your hands if you think there is no problem. Put your hands down.
 So, what's going on with this pastor? Oh, because of evangelism... What? Evangelism is all done. There is no need for anything else now. There is nothing special to do centered around the family. Let's have a family feast once again. That is the method of evangelism. Let's have a family feast again, and catch a cow and a hundred chickens, and bring a hundred bottles of makgeolli, and have everyone eat until their legs are sore. 
160   
It would be good to have a feast. Then, if we share good stories, it will lead to evangelism.
 When the in-laws meet, they say the son-in-law is good, the daughter-in-law is good, and the grandchildren, both grandsons and granddaughters, are good, good, good, and they end up drinking. At that time, drinking is also allowed. It is a sin to tell someone not to eat what they want to eat. If they end up getting sick from drinking too much and die, that’s one thing, but it is also a sin to prevent someone from eating what they want.
 Let's have a feast once, and then when the president of the Unification Church comes, he can give a good speech, and everyone will turn around at once. Then, who is the in-law? The big in-law is the Unification Church, and you are the small in-laws. And also, this is the big in-law that oversees the 777 families, and the families of the 777 families are all small in-laws. That’s how it works.
 Now, let’s say we set up a meeting for the 777 families in Jeolla Province. We can rent a gymnasium and gather all the in-laws, even those who are salty enough to have wrapped salt in a sack, and if we hold a competition, many people will come. This (Lee) pastor! "Yes." President! (laughter)
 Raise your hands if you are from Jeollanam-do. How many are there? There must be many among the families. Jeollanam-do, if possible, let’s rent a gymnasium this time and catch ten cows. When the money is tight, I can contribute about half.
 How much is one cow? "Two million won." Two million won. So, for five cows, that’s ten million won. So, for all of Korea, that would be 80 million won. I can provide 80 million won. So, you all should catch five cows each. If you catch ten cows, how many people can eat? If one cow can feed a thousand people, then ten cows can feed about ten thousand people. After that, we will mobilize our dance troupe to sing and dance. At that time, we will bring makgeolli in trucks. Makgeolli won’t cost much. We will set up a pipe in a barrel and let everyone drink as much as they want. (laughter) Then, when everyone gets a little tipsy, 
161 
our dance troupe will start dancing and singing, and everyone will naturally join in. They will be drooling and having a great time. After that, we will have the president there and ask, 'Will you believe in the Unification Church or not?' and have everyone sign... That is how evangelism should be done. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."
 Now, I am making a proposal today; what do you think? "It's good." So, prepare five cows each. If you prepare about ten cows, I will pay for the price of ten cows, and I will pay half of the cost of the makgeolli. You will pay half, and we will mobilize the dance troupe. We have a children's dance troupe, right? So, let’s have a feast and roast everyone."
Putting it down, bringing all the people from my hometown and teaching Confucius and Mencius.  
The lady must be able to play the role of a teacher and a mother.

Housewives are the Solsori group, what is it? What is the opposite of Solsori? Solsori refers to something fast, what do you call that? Kkumureok group. Is it Solsori group or Kkumureok group? Aren't you going to answer? You guys, I'm asking but you're just blinking your eyes? Is it Solsori group or Kkumureok group? "It's Solsori group." How about the back? "I can't hear." If you can't hear, wash your ears so you can hear. What group is it? The back? Still can't hear? Why aren't you answering, you guys? (Some parts not recorded due to poor recording condition)  
Do you have the qualifications to be a lady? To be a lady, you must be able to act as a teacher and a mother. If you can do that, you can't disregard the lady. Got it? You need to understand clearly. It's not about 'treat me well.' Nowadays, among the wives, there are those who become evangelists and feel bad if they are not called ladies. Is that true? Do you think being a lady is easy? A lady must be better than a teacher. In other words, to be a lady, you must be able to act as a teacher and a mother. How is it? How is it, ladies? You must become the main force that operates centered around the church's foundation, but instead, you are all sitting on your family members and being invisible... What should I say?  
Family members are not your servants. To do that, you must quickly lay a foundation so that you do not fall behind your family members, and you must become self-sufficient in terms of living. For that, wives must do business. They are doing that in Japan now, and the teacher is also standing on the front line doing this work, having left home for almost a year now, doing this and that... Association president! "Yes." In the past, President Kim was sufficient with building houses during the 3rd 7-year course, because he was the owner. Do you understand? From the 2nd 3rd 7-year course, the association president must become the owner.  
You must drive them out. You must drive them out. The era of cooperation has passed. Do you understand? The era of cooperation as a headquarters has passed. Who cooperated with the teacher? Who cooperated with the teacher during the 1st 3rd 7-year course? I cooperated with the Unification Church, did the Unification Church cooperate with me? "The teacher cooperated with the Unification Church." That's right. You guys, now? Does the Unification Church cooperate with you, or do you cooperate with the Unification Church? Speak clearly. There is no time. How is it? Speak plainly. Now the Unification Church must cooperate with the teacher. The time is different.  
So, you must beat them. You can leave all your children in an orphanage and after 3 or 4 years of hardship, it will be over. Why do your faces look unpleasant? The teacher is saying good things to the 777 families... This is a good word. This is a good word that can bless future generations without perishing. You kids. From a fundamental perspective, how is it? Does God cooperate in the age of indemnity? Can indemnity be established with God's cooperation? The law of indemnity cannot be established.  
Who attended this morning? Did the people here attend? You must not have heard what the teacher said this morning. Speak clearly. I don't have time to repeat those words. Do you understand?  
The time has come for a great migration worldwide to receive family church placements.  

The Unification Church has been advocating since 1978 that we must inherit tradition, tradition. What tradition? We must inherit the tradition of God's providence for restoration. Next, you must inherit all the heart of the teacher who walked out for 60 years to establish this tradition. The foundation that can inherit this is the home church, and that movement is the family church movement. Do you understand?  
If you do not have a family church, you cannot follow the teacher when you go to the heavenly kingdom in the future. In the future, in Korea, when family churches... When family churches reach about 240,000 worldwide, it will be about placing humanity worldwide. The church will completely disappear. Koreans are now within the privilege of being able to receive family church placements. Since family church placements have not yet been established all over the world, a great migration, a national migration must take place. To receive family church placements, we must go from here to Africa, and now we are entering an era of great migration worldwide. Do you understand? "Yes."  
If you do not lay a foundation through family church activities for 3 or 4 years, you must hand it over. You must hand it over. Those without a family church are absolutely not allowed. In the future, in Korea, those who have family churches abroad can live here if they complete their family churches in the same era, but those who have not completed their family churches will be divided among the world's family churches and a great migration will occur. A great migration is bound to happen.  
If you are a family, you should set an example and lay that foundation at the Korean base, which will become something to be proud of for eternity, and it will not only be for your own clan but also for the family living in the present. The ancestors who were dead will live, and the future descendants can settle in the eternal heavenly kingdom, meaning they can be localized in their original place. However, if you cannot lay this foundation, everyone will have to pack their bags and migrate in the future; that time will come.  

So, raise your hand if you have a family church base. What about the rest? The teacher was expelled from the Republic of Korea while working for the providence of restoration. Just like Adam and Eve were expelled from the Garden of Eden, I was expelled. Adam and Eve left God after being expelled, but today, the teacher of the Unification Church was expelled and went out to find God. I fought and returned to God. That is different.  
So, those who do not have a family church base will... The family church base is not much. When established churches come in, they will be completely placed within a week. Do you understand? (Some parts not recorded due to poor recording condition)  
So, why am I saying this? Do I need money? Do I need children? Do I need sons and daughters? I have too many children. I have too many. But I can't say I'm worried because I have too many. I have a lot. Also, do I have a beautiful wife, or not? I also have a beautiful wife. I don't need a wife, and then? I don't need children, and then? Do I have a house, or not? I have houses everywhere I go. Also, do I have money, or not? "I have." Do I have a car, or not? "I have." There is nothing I lack.  
The husband must be presented to the world, and the family must be taken care of by the wife.  

This time in Germany, I bought several companies. I came back with about ten million marks in German money and spent it easily for a month. Ten million marks is not much. I bought big companies and various machinery factories. Why is that? What is the reason? Am I living for the present, or am I living for the future? "For the future." I am living for the future. I may not see it, and I may suffer until death, leaving it behind and going to the spirit world. Then, the descendants of the Unification Church, like dung beetles, will not know gratitude and will eat it up and live. Do you understand? Who is that for? It is for this world. You all must do the same. Therefore, you will be forced to do it,  
and you will be scolded, and you will have to run away and escape, doing all sorts of things across borders. But you guys are sitting there saying, 'The teacher doesn't recognize me...' Can that be? Can that be? Can it? "No." No, no.  
And in the future, as a member of the Unification Church, you must have the name of being self-made, self-made. You must be able to do something by your own strength. Forget about the thought of being comfortable. The teacher also became self-made. Right? That self-made was done on a national level, beyond a global level. Therefore, you must do things that others do not do, you must do things that others do not do, you must not sleep when others sleep, you must not eat when others eat, you must be scolded when others are not scolded, and you must do all sorts of things. However, I will not go down the path that deviates from the heavenly will. Self-made! What do you say? "Self-made."  
So, raise your hand if you are currently self-made. Where are you? Ladies, tell me. Raise your hand if you are sure your husband is self-made. Raise your hand if you have a husband who is surely on the path of self-made. Not husbands, but those who have such husbands, raise your hand. Also, raise your hand if your husband is on the path of self-made but you are also going along with him.  
One side must have the ability to solve family problems. What side is that? The husband. Then what side? The wife’s side. Then, should we establish the husband on the side of the world with a public heart and the wife on the side of the family? Where should we place the two sides? When asked, will women answer, 'Oh, let's place our husband on the family side and our wife on the world side'? "No." Then? Ladies, answer. Then? "The husband on the world side..." The husband is placed on the world side, and the wife? The family is the wife’s responsibility. Then is there more than one husband? There is only one husband, but if he is placed on the world side, then there is no husband. So, if there is no husband, what will you do? Your side is self-made. That is why things happen. I will go, just like the wife will go... You must understand that you can come to such a conclusion. Do you understand? This is how we see it in terms of principles.  
Today, the hope of the men and women of the Unification Church is to support the way of the teacher and to contribute to the providential will of God. From this perspective, if we understand that the responsibility to support the way of the teacher and the way of God is connected to that family, then the family issue itself must be solved by the wife, and establishing the centered husband before the world is in accordance with the principles.  
Unification Church women must have self-sufficiency.  

Our Unification Church women, raise your hand if you are living off the money your husband brings in. Raise your hand. Honestly, raise your hand if you are living off the money your husband brings in. Everyone knows that, so are you ashamed of your conscience or not? Are you ashamed or not? "I am ashamed." What do you miss, what is it? That 'I am ashamed' means 'I miss my husband.' 'I am ashamed,' 'I miss my husband,' is that what it means? Is it a statement of being ashamed or a statement of missing the husband? "It is a statement of being ashamed." It is definitely a statement of being ashamed. Did you hear that? Raise your hand if you truly feel ashamed. Now, you guys, don't other women feel ashamed? It is a shameful matter.  
So, in the future, women must plan whether I can buy knitting materials... I must set up a plan to earn money starting now. Is that good news? "Yes." I will send knitting technicians to your homes to have you knit. If it doesn't sell in Korea, I will buy it all. Do you understand what I mean? I can do that. Our Unification Church, poor people, here, eat and go away. Do you understand what I mean? Instead, I will take the knitting materials and go abroad, and have them do housework. Record this. "Yes." If cash is needed to buy, then how much is needed for one family? (Laughter. Applause) How much is needed for one family?  
All members of the Unification Church should know how to knit. I can knit everything. I can knit sweaters, hats, and socks, all with my eyes closed. I have already knitted everything. If I want to knit something like this jacket, I can knit it well. It is not a lie. I can knit pants all at once and wear them. Do you understand? I am someone who has the ability to live independently. I can easily make pants. I don't need a wife. I have received the command to mobilize the heavenly army, so what kind of wife do I need? I must have the ability to solve everything independently. So from now on, don’t be idle, buy yarn, and start knitting or whatever, and I will guide you.  
Then, what will those who do well do? The teacher is currently building a large jewelry factory near Paris. I have jewelry stores all over the world. Just in the US alone, how many do I have? I have about 50 stores. Within a few years, I will become the champion among jewelry stores in the US. Then where will it be made? With just this much of a table, I can make a diamond worth a million dollars. Do you understand? With whose hands? "Our hands." Not ours, but with the hands of women, not men? "With women's hands." Right now, men are doing it, but women must do it.  
Next, I will teach how to make watches. This is all done with electronic devices, so you just press a button. If you put in metal, everything comes out automatically. Can you press that button? Is it there or not? "It is there." This is how we develop handicrafts. To develop handicrafts, we don't make big items, but we have small things like a small table motor or lathe to carve and mass-produce consumables. So, I will lead the way to take over the global market within three years, just like Japan's Seiko company. (Applause)  
Can you all applaud? "Yes." Where did you learn that? (Laughter) Ah, you can applaud, I thought Koreans were the type to pretend not to hear. It seems the Unification Church members have opened up a bit.  
Plan for that. "Yes." How much yarn will you buy? You must decide suddenly to start; otherwise, it won't happen even after ten years, with your heads. It is dark. Start that. And we have created the Unification Industry, right? We have created the Unification Industry, and now the teacher's plan is to buy five famous factories worldwide in Germany. Then the technology from Germany will completely flow back and forth. So, we will build a bridge there and bring the best technology to Korea 100 percent, it will all come in, it cannot not come.  
This time, I visited the company, and I brought all the blueprints of that company. Since it is our company, I am the owner. We will move it to our Unification Industry. Then, if we bring in Germans and put them all in the factory to make, we can lower labor costs. Our Unification Church... Unification Church members are spirits. Do you know what spirits are? "Spirit" means work without pay. Just feeding them is enough. It is not just good food. To restore through indemnity, it is better to eat barley rice than white rice; barley rice has more nutrition, and we are feeding them brown rice instead of barley rice. They won't be able to eat brown rice. Even the barley rice these days is high-grade barley rice, but just plain barley rice... (Recording briefly cuts off)  
Offering for the world is the law of heaven.
Are you going to say no or yes? You brats! What, are you asking for a raise just because Unification Industry gives you a little salary? You brats! What, are you asking for a raise because of something that happened at Ilhwa? You brats! I should be the one receiving the salary. When I receive my salary, it all has to be dedicated to me. Do you understand that? Do you know that or not? "I know."

When you receive your salary envelope, when have you ever dedicated it to your parents? Dedicating your salary envelope to your parents is what makes you a filial child, right? "Yes." That's why even if you receive a salary, you can't spend it freely, and if the teacher says they won't accept it, you have to line up and wait a week to dedicate it until you can give it to them. Do you know that or not? I believe that's the way of heaven, but isn't that your way too? You brats! Unification Church spirits! 

Isn't that what you should be doing? Who is it for? It's not for some guy named Moon. It's for the ideal Republic of Korea and the future world... I am entrusting this process to the Unification Church members. So when you go to the spirit world and receive praise for doing well, you will enter the nobility of the heavenly world. That's how it is. Is that a good thought or a bad thought? "It's a good thought." More than a good thought, is this a factual statement or a conceptual statement? "It's a factual statement." Raise your hand if you also understand it as a good fact. You brats! These days, since I don't say anything, your heads are all rotting.

You guys can't even solve family issues and you have many children, right? You have many children, and what are you going to do now? Raise your hand if you've had more than five children among the 777 families. More than five? Is there only one? "Yes." Stand up. Husbands and wives, stand up. Where did your wives go? Did you only have babies, or did you have them while making money? (Laughter) What is it? Are both of you working at the company, or is one of you working? "I'm working alone." Who? "Dad." So how much do you earn? "380,000 won." What? That's a lot. (Laughter) I haven't asked anyone to give me 380,000 won, so who is giving it to you? Even 38,000 won is a lot. (Laughter)

Can Unification Church members receive a salary of 380,000 won? Who are you getting that from? Is it from a company under the Unification Church or an external company? Is it from a church company? "Yes." Then who are you getting your salary from? "From Father." After receiving it from Father, how should you use it? You should dedicate it to Father. Is that how it is, or not? I am carrying debts and doing this work, and you guys are receiving salaries? You brats! Not just brats, but bratty thieves. Even if you have to dig a hole, you should be grateful and become a Unification Church warrior who moves forward toward tomorrow's hope, but what, you want more salary? You guys!

Chairman, do not let those who have left the church in this time be included. Those who have left their public positions in Unification Industry should not be included. Whether they are from the 36 families, 72 families, or 124 families, do not accept anyone. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." This guy who is the head of the household has been thinking like that. Our families... what kind of families are they? You should know it's embarrassing. Even while preparing the foundation for the welfare of the world to save all people, to support those who cause harm is not the responsibility of the head of the household. Do you understand or not? "I understand." Do you get it now? Absolutely stop it. Those who are crying and begging for food should be removed from the 777 families.

Hand over! Remove families that support such people. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." I'm telling you clearly. Be self-reliant. If you can't be self-reliant, you can't even complain. While others are making a living, those who know the will should be responsible for helping the nation and the world. Those who want to protect the church's path while resenting it and sucking the blood of the church will be punished, punished by heaven. If you don't expel them, you will be punished. Do you understand what I'm saying? That's love. Do you understand what I'm saying? You need to do things clearly, clearly (some parts not recorded due to poor recording quality).

From now on, you need to do the 10% for the church, the nation, and the world.

You need to wake up from now on. From your salary, you will deduct 10%. One for the church, one for the nation, and one for the world. Do you understand what I'm saying? That's our responsibility. Even if you learn a skill, if you learn one, I will learn two. Not just two, but three. So you must become a group that is burning with the desire to solve your own living situation to inherit the unified world for future generations. Do you understand what I'm saying? While the teacher is doing this work... does the teacher do just one thing, or several things? The teacher is doing hundreds of things, hundreds.

Should a tiger cub become a kitten? If you have raised them, they should act like tigers, not meow like kittens and catch mice. A tiger must act like a tiger.

You brats, if you go to the factory and there are people who are pretending to work and not working, there is no forgiveness. I have no forgiveness when it comes to work. The factory was created for the restoration of the world. Do you understand what I'm saying? It wasn't made for you. Even if it makes you suffer, it is the foundation I have sweat and blood over for the sake of all people in the world.

From now on, the 777 families must be in a position to connect with the world, so they must become 777 families that can establish dignity in the world. When the 777 families in Japan ride bicycles, they should make those bicycles in our company. They will make baskets for the bicycles. They will attach baskets to the front handlebars of the bicycles. How do you attach the baskets? You will attach them by putting the child upside down in the basket. Then the children will see their mother and touch their mother's hands holding the handlebars... how affectionate is that?

And what do they do? They do business, business. They should run through every alley. While doing such sales, they should educate. They should shed tears and pray. "You will grow up to be a successor who will save this country and become the president of this country. You will become a leader responsible for guiding all people in the world. Just like your mother is working hard to raise you, you must study hard in the future and inherit your parents' will." This is how you should educate them. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." You brats! Are you taking a nap?

Raise your hand if you are taking a nap. Raise your hand if you have spent time napping. You probably won't raise your hand, you brats! Then raise your hand if you've never taken a nap. (Laughter) There's no one, huh? Really, you've never taken a nap? Haven't you taken a nap? Really not? "Yes." So you want to take a nap, right? Then, have you complained about those who take naps as someone who doesn't take naps? I don't know. I don't think I did that. Didn't you complain? The teacher is the same. The teacher, because his body is tired, repents after sleeping. Even if he collapses and sleeps... there is no leisure time.

If you have no business, go out and help with the farming. When farmers are plowing and weeding, go and be their comrade. Be their friend. Become their brother, their sister, their uncle. If you had done such things, the Unification Church wouldn't have turned out like the church you have. Church leaders here, raise your hands. You brats! Day and night, go to the village, become friends with grandfathers, become friends with uncles, and hold community events. Will the church be empty?

You have not become practical leaders, practical leaders. You may have become responsible people who hoped for convenience through means and methods, but because you could not become practical leaders, that's how it is. The teacher is a pragmatist.

Then honestly, raise your hand if you've taken a nap sometimes. I will forgive you. Husbands all know, right? If husbands know their wives didn't raise their hands, they should slap them and say, "You didn't take a nap, you brat." Do you understand? Do you get it or not? "I understand."

Now, stand up. Those who lied, stand up. Now, raise your hands. (Laughter) Then those who didn't raise their hands, raise your hands. Those who didn't raise their hands, stand up. So, did your husband come here? (Laughter) There’s no husband. He ran away. So how can you take a nap? You should throw that away. Throw away taking naps, become self-reliant, and not only that, if you cooperate with the church, that person is a daughter of God; otherwise, they become a daughter of the satanic world.

These days, how old are you? Are you in your 40s? Don't miss the time. Do you understand? The teacher is over 60 now, but you must know that I am still advancing while holding on to my time. If my legs are tired, I say, "These legs, the road is long. I can't rest." If my head hurts, I say, "This head, there is much to do." But young brats are taking naps? Get out! You must know how much heaven is waiting. Cut your time and work for the nation and for all your compatriots in the world, from the 777 families in Korea to the families around the world...

The suffering of your wife and children can become the material to awaken the nation.

Since there are comrades all over the world, you must create something... You must do this work. Connect with the 777 family assembly in the United States, and connect with the 777 families in Europe to globally connect and achieve self-reliance in living to take responsibility for guiding all people in the world. If you don't do that, you must clearly understand that as someone who has been blessed first before heaven, as someone who knows heaven's will, you cannot establish dignity. Do you understand? "Yes."

So from now on, don't play around. From now on, you will send your wives out to the market. Do you understand what I'm saying? You will send them out to the market. Even when our Seongjin's mother was here, she knew it was hard to live, and even when letters came saying, "Oh, life is difficult..." she didn't send a single penny. To serve the heavenly husband, you promised to go this way at the time of engagement. I said I would not look at you for seven years, and even if there is a child, I must walk a path where I cannot take care of you, and when I asked if you would welcome that, you said yes, so we got married.

I bought rice in a place called Baekcheon, prepared a truckload of rice to eat for a year, and while preparing to go get it with a friend, I received heaven's command and went to the North. So, was there rice at home? Was there money? Everything was gone. I went to the market, carrying a basket, doing apple sales, getting kicked and being looked down upon. That is the material that can awaken the nation in the future. I need such material. I need such material from wives and such material from children.

So when I was here, I brought Seongjin with me, and even though I met him after seven years, I didn't hold his hand. Because the father did not fulfill his responsibilities as a father. (Some parts not recorded due to poor recording quality) The teacher has walked that path. Seongjin's mother also came to me and said such things. That person knows the teacher. Among men, there is only Seongjin's father. He is the only man. The teacher is wonderful. But the Unification Church members think they have ruined everything. They think they can't live alone, and they come in and follow around, and they think all these beggar-like women ruin everything. They think they must save them. They think they must save them.

"I will change your beautiful pants and jacket 24 hours a day, just sit on a flower cushion, set up a folding screen, and serve you luxuriously. If you need a book, I will buy you a book, and I will do everything to the best of my ability. If you just play the role of a husband, everything will be okay. Why live comfortably like that?" But I didn't want that. I am going this way. Do you understand what I'm saying? I have taught you all the abilities to be self-reliant. Do you understand? Even now, if left alone, they are living well.

Also, if you don't do that, how do I know when I will die? After I die, I don't want to see my family becoming beggars and depending on others. You must not create such wives. Be self-reliant! Even if there is no husband, you should be able to educate your children, not just ten but even twenty... Also, I am giving such education to mothers. "You should do this work. This is how you do business."

You need to have diplomatic skills, conversational skills, and economic skills.

Now, will the men do it or not? Men, raise your hands if you will do it, raise your hands if you think the teacher is right. Now, then raise your hands if you won't do it. You brat, you're just a useless one. The teacher is not doing this without knowing.

You need to have three skills, three skills. You need to have the ability to do diplomacy, the ability to speak, and the ability to make money. Do you understand?

Does the teacher have the ability to speak or not? He speaks very well even at the labor board. After lunch, he says, "Hey, listen to me," and talks. He gathers everyone, young and old, and persuades them well. Wherever he goes, in the countryside, at the beach, he observes and fits in. He knows everything; he talks about things everyone knows. Because he knows the painful stories of those people and what they would like to hear, it feels real.

Next, you must know how to do diplomacy. When you go to a neighborhood, you meet the village chief and charm them. Do you think the teacher has that ability? "Yes." This time, when I went to Europe, I took all the presidents of shipbuilding companies with me... Dr. Kim said it wouldn't work, so I met the president, did the promotion, and I was at the forefront doing everything. I negotiated to buy a 3,600-ton fishing boat. I slapped the president on the back and said, "Why are you doing this to a man?!" I even took the handkerchief from his pocket and wiped it.

People say they didn't know our teacher was like that. Even Germans can't do it, but the Eastern teacher, with a snap, makes friends instantly and gets them to do whatever I want. That's necessary. To survive, you do whatever it takes. If I am risking my life to save others, what can't I do to survive? There is nothing I can't do. It all depends on the person's mindset. So I told them to do such things in Europe this time. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes."

If you don't train your wives to be self-reliant, you will be in trouble. But since you can't do that, I know you are incapable, so I must guide you. Do you understand? "Yes." Guiding is simple. Where do you start? You start by selling flowers, then what do you sell? You sell pencils. Then you sell notebooks.
I sell soap too. Start like this, since we won't take the name of our Unification Church with us. Originally, I was going to do fundraising with the name of the Unification Church, but instead of putting the money you earn into my wallet, it's for supporting the return of world missions. Japan is doing that right now. Do you understand? 

It's fundraising. I won't make you do that. Fundraise for your sons and daughters. Can't you do that? You kids, will you do it or not? Will you do it or not? "I will." Where are the kids who say they can't? Then those who say they will, raise your hands. What is a kid? Did they leave? Did they go to the market? That's why it's a kid, a kid. Do you understand? Do you understand, men? "Yes." 

Now, when you go back, give your wives 3,000 won and say, "Go to the market!" Will you do it or not? "I will." Will you do it or not, you kids? "I will." Those who say they will, raise your hands. Then those who say they won't, raise your hands. It's all over. 

What do you do with the 3,000 won? Buy 30 soaps and bring back 50. Sell 30 soaps and bring back 50 soaps. That's what I'm saying. Don't do anything else. If you can't buy 50 after selling 30, at least bring back 35. Do you understand? "Yes." That's it. Next, you pack the soaps. So if you sell 30 today, sell 35 tomorrow, and 50 the day after, that's the kind of movement we're doing. Even if you can't make money, at least bring in some soap, change it into soap, and do it that way. Do you understand? 

Also, if you sell pencils, if you buy 3,000 won worth of pencils, then buy 3,500 won or 4,000 won worth of pencils. That's how you make money. It doesn't have to be money. 

Then what do you do? When your husband comes in, you ask, "What time do you get off work?" and he says, "What time? Five o'clock." Then you ask, "What will you do? Are you going to sleep?" If he says he won't sleep... Do you understand? Wives, do you understand? Then you take the 3,000 won, do business, and give half of the 6,000 won worth of pencils to your husband. 

Now, next, you say, "Husband, stand up! Stand up!" Will he say "No" or "Yes"? "Yes!" Then who leads? You lead your husband, and the wives push him along to sell. Sell until midnight, until the siren goes off. Will you do it or not? You kids! "I will." Will you do it or not? You kids! (He hits the person in front) "I will." Those who say they won't, I'll step on their necks, you kids. I don't want to see beggars, beggars. Do you think the teacher hasn't done anything? The teacher is good at business, you know, business. Do you understand? The teacher is also good at being a broker. You have to earn and live. 

So, do you have 3,000 won? "Yes." If you don't, I'll lend you 3,000 won. "Yes." Lending is simple. I'll exempt you from meal costs for a month. (Laughter) Isn't that 3,000 won? Three times six is eighteen (3 x 6 = 18), that's 18,000 won, which is too much. I'll exempt you for a month. Then you can't say you don't have capital for business. Do you understand? If you say you don't have capital for business, I'll exempt you for a month. With 18,000 won, you can earn and live... 18,000 won is a lot. You can earn and live with that. If you gain the ability to persuade people like this, you'll do well in evangelism, home church, and everything else. 

Right now, I'm being criticized worldwide, oh, the Japanese... When I had the Japanese members sell flowers, it was amazing. The American members also said Reverend Moon exploited them by making them sell flowers, but did I make you do that? Now, earn money for your sons and daughters and for your family, and when you earn money, give a tenth. I say give a thirteenth. A tenth is something you must do, and if you are truly sincere, give a thirteenth. One is for the church, one is for the Republic of Korea, and one is for the world. So when you give a thirteenth, send a tenth to the church, and the tenth for the country is for donations. Then that money should be used for educational institutions for the country, or public institutions for the country, or for our educational institutions. Do you understand? To nurture the talents of the nation and for the future of the country... And the tenth should go to world mission expenses. 

How to solve living problems, you must become self-sufficient. 

Now, from now on, take down the sign of being a pastor's wife. What does a pastor's wife become? A businesswoman. It's not a business that carries things to the cemetery. Do you understand? It's a business that sells goods in the market. Business means making 5,000 won from 3,000 won. Do you understand? "Oh, it's not selling, let's just eat noodles." You can't do that. If you sell 3,000 won worth and come back with 2,500 won, that's a punishment. 

If you can't sell, grit your teeth, don't sleep, and tell your husband, "I can't come home tonight. I have to sell before the siren goes off at twelve tomorrow morning, even if I have to sleep at the eaves." If it really doesn't sell, go into a friend's house or some household and say, "I couldn't sell this, so please let me sleep." You have to beg to sleep and go in. We need to do this kind of movement. 

Will you do it or not? "I will." Be honest, be honest. Will you do it or not? "I will." Then what about the kids? Those with kids, raise your hands. You take the kids with you. You carry them. (Laughter) The walking kids walk, the little ones you carry, and the middle ones you hold. You can take up to three. If there's another one, you can carry one on your shoulder. You take your four kids to the market to sell goods. 

Once you shed a tear, just like when you give a principle lecture, since you have the skill of evangelizing for the Unification Church, you say, "Dear citizens of the Republic of Korea, I have something to say, so listen to me," and you prepare a speech. You prepare it and say, "Listen to me. Isn't it the duty of the citizens to help families that are struggling?" When you say that, they will say "Yes." That's how you go out. "That person is a patriot, and that person is working hard for the country and the world, and isn't it true that everyone should admire and respect such a person? There is a woman like that, and where does she live? She lives in a mountain village in Gangwon Province. 

If you describe her face, she looks like this, and she has four sons. One is on her shoulder, one is in her arms, one is on her back, and one is walking. Who is that woman? That person is standing here. Please buy from her," and you distribute. Then you can sell everything at once. (Laughter) 

You kids, can't you do that? If it were me, even if I had seven, I would carry them around. (Laughter) If there is a big kid, I would say, "Hey, lie down," and I would go and give a speech for about five minutes. In a dramatic way, "Citizens! While all the wives are dying, I have survived and must protect and carry on the responsibility. Therefore, I shout in the market, I believe there will be many patriotic heroes who will sympathize." This isn't about your own story. It's about the story of a patriot. "What is that person's name? It's someone named Kim, and that person is right here. Their sons are so-and-so, and their daughters are so-and-so." If you do this while smiling, you can sell all the flowers at once. Do you understand? 

Do you think that can happen or not? You kids, answer me. Can you do it or not? "Yes." You do well in the victory lectures, but why can't you do the flower-selling lecture, you kids? If you lack adaptability, you should die. Yes, the more kids you have, the more favorable the situation is, amen. "Amen." A person with five kids doesn't need a salary. 

Hey, you kid, do you understand? That kid can speak well. If they look like that, they can speak and do business well. "They do well." They look capable. They are quick-witted and talkative. "They have also been active." Why would you make such a capable person a manager of accounting? You should make them an evangelist. Do you understand? You kids. Do you want to do business or not? Will you do it or not? Why? Is this kid deaf? Will you do it or not? You have to. If you don't, I won't help you. 

Now, in the future, those who do well, I might combine that and buy them a house. I'm not saying I will. Oh, if the teacher promised, then you and I would be in trouble. I might buy it. Do you understand? If I might buy it, even if I buy one among a hundred, that's still a purchase. (Laughter) 

So, did you worry about living issues? Did you worry about feeding your kids and educating them, about your wives complaining and dressing like others? Did you worry about those issues? "Yes." You did. Now, what does a wife who is doing business need? What do you need? What do you need? Do you need any makeup? Do you need any nail polish? You don't need any of that. I don't know if it's makeup or clouds. You just need to buy something that floats like a cloud. That's simple. You can call it perfume, drop a drop of perfume in an alcohol bottle, and say, "That's perfume. If you put that on, it's nice," and give it. What does it matter? Just buy it. It's simple, the method of handling it. You kids. 

Start business with 3,000 won and create a living fund. 

So, living issues must be self-sufficient. That's the teacher's philosophy of life. Do you understand? I have already decided not to rely on you. I prayed to God. The time for relying on others has already passed. It's the same. 

Don't give more than 3,000 won. When you go back, you must give your wives 3,000 won as promised by the teacher and give the order to go out, but who does it? It's not me; it's your husband who does it. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." Will you do it or not? "I will." Will you do it or not? "I will." Whether it's a pastor's wife or whatever, I don't know. Where is the pastor's wife? Earn and feed them, feed them. That's the kind of pastor's wife the church wants. 

So, how much do you receive? "3,000 won." With 3,000 won, "Oh, I need to eat lunch and sell." How much is lunch? "Jajangmyeon is 500 won." 500 won. You eat a 1,500 won lunch, and what’s the big deal... (Laughter) You shouldn't even have the spirit to eat lunch. This is training. You save from there and eat, and when you go home, you have to report to your husband. "Today, I went out with 3,000 won, ate lunch worth this much, and earned this much." You have to report. At that time, your husband should say, "Amen. Thank you, teacher." You should be grateful, right? But that doesn't mean I'm taking that money. I'm creating your living fund. You start a savings account and begin saving. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Then, when we have the general assembly again in a year, everyone will show me their savings. If you saved and took out some, you must attach a statement explaining where you spent it, write your husband's name, and report everything. Do you understand? At the general assembly, you should have seven or eight officers here to investigate and create a list. Then, the person with the best record, I might buy them a cow, or if not, I might buy them a house. I will commend them. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Next, when I commend them, if I'm not there, tell the association president to buy a cow. How much is ten cows? Twenty million won. I will buy it, and then you raise the cows and sell them. Then we will create a family home. We will buy a cow for breeding. I will buy it for you. Do you understand? (Applause) 

You kids, sitting there... The other day, when the association president was on a tour, he asked, "What does the headquarters think about future living plans?" Did you just sit there and listen? Hey, you kid! Did you just sit there? You should have slapped him, you kid. Can someone who knows the purpose do that? Who is responsible for their own children? I can't even take responsibility for the country. You have to take responsibility. Even a grasshopper takes responsibility for its young, but who takes responsibility for human children? The headquarters? You kids. Even a land crab takes responsibility for its young, and so do sparrows; why can't you take responsibility for your young? You kids. 

Have you raised such kids? I can't tell you how bad I feel about this. Don't even say such things. Do you understand? "Yes (association president)." From now on, go like that. Don't help as much as possible. If you want to help, it's better to help beggars on the street. Those people don't know the heavenly principle, so when they die, they go to hell, but you all won't go to hell, even if you die. Even if you die while being a beggar, you won't go to hell. 

In that sense, helping even one more person become a citizen of heaven is seen as good. That is the teacher's philosophy of life and the ideal philosophy of one who is responsible for the restoration providence. 

If anyone is dissatisfied with this, it's okay not to do it. Don't do it. Let's see in three years, ten years. I guarantee that in ten years, we will see. Those who complain without doing it will surely lament. However, those who take action now, even if it's difficult, will see in ten years. They will be the maintainers of that village, and they will be the protagonists respected by future generations. 

Why? Because there are many stories. People can learn the laws of the family by listening to his words, and by standing in a position where they can benefit from his philosophy of life, it will naturally happen. 

Husbands must educate the youth for the country. 

So, now that we are nearing 40, will our wives just die after 50 or 60? Will you at least say something in front of your purpose and your children before you die? Now, let's argue and talk. Will you say something before you die, or will you just die? Wives, will you do it? Wives, will you do it or not? "We will." Where are the husbands, will you do it or not? "I will." So, will you take the 3,000 won and do business or not? "I will." You will. Don't give too much. 

So, what if you spend all 3,000 won? You slap them. You hit them three times, three generations. You hit them hard. Once, you hit the right cheek three times. That means it didn't work once. Then you ask, "Will you do it again or not?" Will they do it again or not? "I will." "Oh, I have to do it again." They will say they will do it again. Will they do it again or not? "I will." Even if they don't want to, they will say they will do it again. Then you give them again. 

You give again, and when they can't do it, you just hit the left cheek, but since this hand has no strength, you hit from behind. Then you say, "Does it hurt? So will you do it again or not?" "I will do it again." That's how they sold everything. You can ask for up to three times. Then you ask, "Will you do it or not?" and they will say they will do it again.
face is hit with both hands. After hitting three times while saying, 'You little rascal,' kick the belly with your foot and say, 'Go ahead, try it.' If it doesn't work after doing it three times, report to me. Do you understand? Report to the family council. Then I will issue a summons directly. It's conscription, conscription. Do you understand?

I am currently running a mine. I bought about 150 million tons of coal mines in the United States. I will transport all of it here and let them mine coal for about a month, then ask, 'Are you going to do it or not?'... Surely after that, they will return as champions. Do you understand? If you leave it to me, I have created many places where I can take them, whether it's Japan or Germany, and train them for about a year or two before returning them! What is it? "Amen." Amen. That's how it will be done. Do you understand, family council? "Yes."

I'm not joking. This is serious. There will be a lot of beggars. Since I have come, there is a responsibility to establish a living plan. Isn't that right? Am I not the leader, the commander? Isn't that right? "Yes." Since I am the commander, I have a responsibility to resolve this, which is why I am saying this. In times like this, one must think clearly. At times like this, the initial activities are done like this. (Laughter) You need to have this kind of mindset. If everything falls apart, then what can be done? Do you understand what I mean?

After being slapped three times, will you complain and say you will do it again? At that time, report to the teacher and send for conscription. Whether you load them onto a truck or have them carry goods for 24 hours, they will all be trained. Do you understand what I mean? For those who cannot do it... If not, I will create a factory and plan to conscript them for six months to teach them the skills of carpentry. Plan that. "Yes."

You need to have a clear mind. If I were there, I would have everyone fed, but I am busy and need to go. Should I go, or should I stay here and supervise you? Should I go, or should I supervise? So instead, is it amen to have your husbands supervise? "Amen." Oh, should the women answer? Can the men answer? Women? "Amen." Amen.

That's why I love women, right? Women also love the teacher, right? Do you love him more than your husbands, or not? "We love him more." What? You little rascals! Do you really love him? "Yes." In what sense? It's because you give such commands that you love him. That's what it means. Therefore, we must establish a living plan.

So what is self-reliance? "Self-reliance." Not just self-reliance, but now we will carve our names. Self-reliance? "Self-reliance." Self-reliance must become self-sufficiency. It must become the master. We must practice self-reliance, what do we say? "Self-reliance." Self-reliance. Then will the husband become self-sufficient, or will the wife? "The husband." What about economic issues? "The wife." The wife. What will the husbands do? They will work for the country. They must educate the youth of the nation. The wives will earn money, and the husbands must become responsible for educating the youth and the next generation for the benefit of the country.

Create an inviolable savings account.

So then, when you earn money, where does the husband's paycheck go? Where does that paycheck go? "To the Father." Where does it go? We will create an inviolable account, an inviolable account. Do you understand? Do you know what an inviolable account is? It's not an account that sleeps. It's inviolable, inviolable. Does an inviolable account sleep, or what? An inviolable savings account must be created.

And the husbands and wives will stamp it. If you don't have a stamp, then use your fingerprints. The husband stamps on top, and the wife stamps below. 

What is inviolable? "Savings account." Savings account. You keep putting money in. Whether it's for 10 years or 20 years, for a lifetime, just keep putting it in. Do you understand? Just put it in and don't even calculate how much has gone in. Just keep putting it in the savings account and don't even think about how much you've put in. Whether interest comes out or not, don't think about that either, and don't calculate at the end of the month. Just keep putting it in.

What is inviolable? "Savings account." How do you stamp the account? The husband stamps on top... Do you have a stamp or not? If you don't have a stamp, use your fingerprint. And how does the wife stamp? If the husband stamps like this, the wife stamps upside down. Do you understand? This hand must go inside and touch each other. This means protection. (Demonstrates with actions) No one can do as they please. 

What is inviolable? "Savings account." Savings account. Just put it in. 

And there are people called trade leaders. I don't know if they are trade leaders or district leaders, but if those people receive a salary, right? They receive help from the church. Do you understand? If they help, and if there is money, then... It's the same. You put it in the inviolable savings account. If there are leaders who drive cars, then if you give them gas money, don't take the car, walk instead, and put it in.

That's how you save money; there is no way to save leftover money. You must understand that leaving money to spend is the way to earn. Do you understand what I mean? Create a savings account. Now, will you create it or not? "We will create it." Will you create it or not? "We will create it." You will create it.

I didn't bring money in my pocket today. God is truly wise. I usually carry my wallet, but I didn't bring it today. Don't help me because I might help you. We will create it.

Now, what about the church leader? If you don't have a hundred won, just a ten won coin is fine, so create a savings account. Do you understand? "Yes." Go to the bank and create it. You will also do it without knowing how much you have for a year, and then report the statistics to me. Do you understand, association leader? "Yes."

What will the association leader's wife do? Answer me. (Laughter) "I am also a Unification Church member." So, what will you do? Will you do it for 3,000 won? (Laughter) Answer me. "I am also a Unification Church member." Oh, who doesn't know you are a Unification Church member? Will you do it for 3,000 won or not? "I will." You must. You must do it. (Applause)

So, I am not saying to quit the position of the head of the victory alliance. You do that while doing this. Go out in the morning and evening, and quickly come out at lunchtime, and save time going to the bathroom. If you go once every two hours, then go once every four hours, and use that time to sell. You must do that. Save your lunchtime and sell without eating. If you need lunchtime, then say you will take about 10 minutes to go to the bathroom and eat your lunch in front of the bathroom. There are countless ways to do this.

Thus, we will create a savings account and launch a large-scale fundraising campaign centered around traditional Unification Church families. This is one of the important policies that must be done in the future. I thank you for this time, which has become the 777 family assembly. Amen. (Applause)

Become a group that establishes the dignity and prestige of the homeland.

When you start as representatives, if you start immediately from tomorrow, 36 families will follow, and 72 families, 124 families, and 430 families will all follow. If this movement happens in Korea, families all over the world will follow, and as a result, there will be no families in the Unification family suffering and groaning over economic issues. This conclusion is reasonable, amen. "Amen." (Applause)

If you all, for one year... What? "Please convey this method to our wife to strongly promote this work, Father." Who is your wife? Where is she? Stand up! Stand up! Stand up, you rascal. (Laughter, Applause)

Now, we can only sympathize with each other. If you start running from early morning, when you come home in the evening, you are so tired that even if your husband pokes you in the side, you won't care and will snore while sleeping. So, the husband cannot work at night because of the tired wife. (Laughter) If you have that energy left, you should also run, you rascal, you little rascal! There will only be sympathy left. Is there any room for discussion? You must realize that as a teacher of the Unification Church, you have the responsibility to create parents who can establish dignity for their children even in this way. 

You must create a wife who can say she has fulfilled her responsibilities in front of her husband and a husband who can fulfill his responsibilities in front of his wife. I believe that is the teacher's responsibility. Isn't that right, you little rascals? "That's right." That's what it is.

Do it. If you incur losses, come to me and I will treat your finger. There will be no loss. Rather, it will be a blessing for you. I will praise you for doing well. If you do this, a foundation for living will be created in the future, and all sorts of things will happen here. Do you understand?

So, when you go back, do it immediately. What is the date tomorrow? "It's the 19th." If it's the 19th, then the 20th, October 20th, is a good date. From October 20th, how many savings accounts? "Two." Create two.

How do you feel? Is the teacher's idea great, or not? "It's great." Great? "Yes." Good, good! But you must work hard. You must think about how to catch you all and make you work. Now, who has two or more children, raise your hand. Hmm! So, will you worry about the children, or not? Will you, or not? "We won't." You won't.

Then the wives will go out to do business while the husbands sit in the room and sleep. Amen, (laughs) why? Do you feel good or bad? You feel bad, right? Then, if that's the case, men should just die. What will they do if they don't do public work? They should go help in a factory. They should go to the street, or go to their home and do some work. That's what we are trying to create.

So, in ten years... It won't even take ten years. If you do as I say, it won't even take ten years. In ten years, just wait and see. Then you will have something to say before the nation, something to say before your husband, something to say before your children, something to say before the church, and something to say before the world, and you will have a family that can establish dignity. From now on, you must do it. Do you understand? "Yes." And you must also do evangelism. If you lay the foundation, evangelism will happen automatically. Become famous. Become famous in that neighborhood. You can help the needy and do as much as you can.

Now, shall we stop? Shall we do it again? Shall we do it with a new program? That should be enough, right? "Yes." So, if you just practice this and establish the tradition, I will take a representative person from here to Japan and boast about it. Do you understand? I will take them to America. I will take them to Germany, to Europe, and take them around the world to boast about this movement. The content that can be boasted about... No matter how hard you try, you cannot beat Japan. You cannot beat America. They are already doing such things. Therefore, in order to establish the dignity and prestige of our homeland, it is inevitable to decide and establish this as a policy direction for the Unification Church. Otherwise, all families in the future will lose their dignity. So, you must not become a group that sells the authority of the homeland. You must not become such families. In this regard, this decision is undoubtedly a just decision. Do you understand? Amen. "Amen." So, even when the teacher returns, thank you, amen. "Amen."

Now, let's stop. I am busy. Now, let's work hard. (Three cheers. Applause) *

Currently, it is the era of spiritual practicality and material indemnity.

In 1980, it became a time similar to the period right after liberation. As the Park regime collapsed, Korea entered a time without a master. In this chaotic period, where the nation cannot find its way or direction, the teacher conducted a large-scale movement centered around the victory alliance to present that direction.

The Unification Church has taken on the historical responsibility alone.

At the same time, it connected from the Way (道) to the county (郡), district (面), and village (里). The direction was, 'What must we do to defeat communism, and what must religion be like to become the ideal national religion of a country like Korea today?' Under this title, the nation had to lay the foundation to unite in that direction. It had to be done regardless of opposition and any environmental conditions.

That is all finished. Also, centered around the interdenominational movement, we fulfilled our responsibility towards Christianity. We gathered all the pastors and elders, took them around the world, and informed them of everything. We also made declarations regarding the nation. So, it is all finished.

And we must bind all the evidential and spiritual facts that Cain and Abel have become one. This must be true both in the church and in the nation. Although I did not speak of the internal matters, I have established all the conditions for indemnity. I have all the evidence for that. Do you understand?

While you do not know, the teacher has matched all the backgrounds and completely resolved the path of principles, taking on the historical responsibility alone. It was not entrusted to you; you just need to follow.

When you see a flock of geese flying, there is a leader among them, right? To cross the ocean, geese and cranes fly. But while flying high in the sky and crossing the ocean, who coaches them? The leader does. The leader's fate is responsible for the life and death of all the members. It is exactly the same.

Every line must align and follow without fail. You cannot fly low or sideways. It is exactly like that. Why? Look. When geese fly, why do they fly like this? (Demonstrates) Because that is the way to go. There is no flying in a single line. It must be like this so that the direction is maintained, and it is not tiring to fly. While flying backward, they all push each other. Do you understand? If it were just one line, how much effort would it take to turn around?

So, they follow in this manner from behind. Right? Whether long or short, it must fly in this pyramid shape. As a result, every time they see the wings of those flying behind them, they feel the push. The leader, you see? Do you understand? Also, they shout as they go. When they shout, they respond to each other. When one falls behind, that is a dropout. That is death. When one falls behind, it means death. The fate of migratory birds is already... It is exactly like that.

When the leader commands, you must respond. When he says, 'Let's go,' you must say, 'Yes,' and when he says, 'Come back,' you must say, 'Yes,' and encourage each other toward one purpose. The leader is heading toward one purpose, but the whole group...
You need to understand that we are advancing towards a destination that is at stake for our destiny. Likewise. 

Who is the leader of the Unification Church? Who is the leader of the Unification Church? "Father." I don't know if it's Father or what kind of "nim" it is. What kind of Father is He? Have you done anything regarding Father? Are you just acting like goslings? Even a one-year-old gosling, when it joins the formation, follows at the very end with all its might, but are you just acting like goslings? Let's ask. 

So, on this long journey, has the teacher been a help or a burden? Has He been a burden or a help? "He has been a help." Has He been a help? "Yes." Has He not been a burden? In what way has He been a help? In what way? That's a serious question. 

So, having flown through the skies and crossed the oceans, we were able to settle down. By settling there, we have food, and there is a foundation for us to raise our young. Do you understand? The geese come to raise their young. That's right. So, the Unification Church has established itself, and you are all blessed to raise your young; all these things are happening, and you must understand that clearly. 

The reason for entering the German machinery industry 

In this context, the teacher's 20-year journey has been entangled with the Republic of Korea and Christianity, as both Christianity and the Republic of Korea opposed him, and he himself got caught up in that journey. Because he must not remain entangled in that, through the third seven-year course, he must overcome all the indemnity conditions of the anti-national state and church, combined with the spiritual foundation extended from Christianity. Thus, he forgives Christianity and the nation. 

Christianity refers to the Christianity of the Republic of Korea, and the nation refers to the Republic of Korea, but because it has a global historical context, it enters into the realm where global historical Christianity and global historical nations can receive new benefits. Having set such conditions, what must we do from now on? The second third seven-year course is a period for the teacher to lay a material foundation and a global economic foundation. For that, Europe…. That's why Yejin left just three days after getting married. Where did she go? She didn't go to America. She went to Europe. She went to Germany. 

This has been talked about since 30 years ago, since 30 years ago. I have been talking about it since then. To connect that, to build a bridge, I have nurtured the Unification Industry for 25 years. It is about raising it to the level where a bridge can be built and connecting it. That is the purpose of this Hanover exhibition. The machine fair is centered around that, and connections are made there. Hanover, is it? 'Hanover' means 'let's see if it works.' (Laughter) So, someone from the Unification Church established a machinery industry foundation there. That is where it all starts. 

From there, we collide. What companies gathered there? The companies that gathered there came together for the benefit of each individual company, not for the benefit of the nation or anything like that. However, we are different. We have placed our exhibits as products for the benefit of the world. Therefore, we must sweep the Hanover exhibition center. So, we deployed more than 150 personnel, and this time we completely seized power there. We became very famous. Ah, Unification! Unification became famous. 

If you look at the Unification team, they were all young couples. In this machinery exhibition, older gentlemen or experts over 50 years old, those who have experience in production, such as presidents and executives, come to promote. But young ladies, girls in their 20s, with bright eyes, not even Western girls, but Japanese girls who don’t even speak the language, are smiling and pulling in all the seasoned gentlemen and uncles. They are saying, "Bring them in however you can." 

By bringing them in, we keep them engaged with our machines for an average of three hours. One and a half hours, three hours, and we keep them from leaving, so we gather an average of a thousand people. Then chaos ensues. So, there were complaints, but at first, the people next to us complained for a day or two, but as too many people came…. They thought all those people were disturbing us, but we weren’t the ones disturbing them. If they oppose the guests coming in, they would be embarrassed globally. Since it would be a situation where they would be saying, "Let that company fail," at first, they complained, but later, they all unpacked their bags. 

This became a problem. So, the office mobilized the police to tell us not to do that. "What do you mean, don't do that?" We are fighting back. Germany is going to lose its machinery to Japan; why should we just sit back and watch that? Don't you want that? A young person is stepping up to surpass Japan, and how good is that for the country and for Europe? So, we did all sorts of things. 

We received notifications several times, and they said they wouldn't let us exhibit at the Hanover exhibition anymore…. So, we said, "If you won’t let us exhibit, then what’s the point? If you don’t exhibit, you can sell your own stuff." We fought until the last line. It was a battle of whether we would be expelled or not. Who was the one fighting that battle? It was me. Do you understand what I’m saying? 

The story of how we entered the German machinery industry 

So, we must step up to the top. If you can't do it, I will do it. So, all at once, now we are…. We have met everyone during this time. Now, our children have established relationships with the board members or vice presidents of machinery companies in Europe and are selling…. A battle is unfolding on this stage. 

However, it cannot just be done like that. It cannot be done with Korea alone. We must have a machinery factory in Germany centered around Europe. This time in Germany, although we have gone back and forth to Korea, people do not know that our Unification Church has bought a machinery factory. Do we call it the Unification Church? It’s the Unification Group, right? The Unification Group bought it. (Laughter) If we say we bought it, it would cause a stir outside. They are now saying they have formed a technical partnership. If we have a technical partnership, we can bring all German machinery technology. We must completely make it all ours. One factory alone is not enough. We need five factories, five factories. In machinery, there are milling, boring, then what? There are grinders, lathes, and then presses. If we have these, we can play an important role in heavy industry construction. We must completely seize this. We must grip it tightly. This is not just any factory; in that regard, it is the best factory in Germany. Do you understand what I’m saying? 

Dr. Yoon, have you thought about that? Originally, that should be done by doctors. It is not something our religious leaders should do. We have been planning this for six years already. Based on the United States or the United Kingdom, we have surveyed all the factories in the UK. We have educated ourselves about all the German factories, taking Dr. Kim, Kim Gye-hwan, and doing all that work. 

To lay the groundwork for this, we invited all the scholars of Europe to our scientific conference. We moved the German Minister of Commerce, centered around the director, and conducted investigations. From there, we narrowed it down from a thousand to three hundred, from three hundred to thirty, and from thirty to three, reducing it like that, and they conducted research…. For that, the Unification Industry must enter as one of the top three machinery manufacturers in Germany. So, we put it in. It appears in German documents, research presentations, and publications…. The Unification Industry is recognized as one of the top three companies in Korea with such a foundation. That is all like a dream. 

While preparing for this, I went and did that work for five months. In the process, I completely grasped the German factories and the state of German industry. Now, if I just mention a factory name, it comes to mind in three minutes. They all come. They don’t even think of me as Reverend Moon. "Ah, who is that person…." After I left, I became a topic of conversation. "That person seems ordinary, but listening to him, he has a solid theory…." I said many new things. They didn’t know what I was talking about; regarding the future strategies of the world and European machinery industries, or the future outlook of the world, I laid it all out. It was all theoretical. How did I come to think like that? I completely educated them. 

The reality of the Korean machinery industry 

Now, the factory we bought is the best factory in East Germany. It has crossed over to West Germany and started anew. It is a factory that has excellent products in the world. It is not large. If possible, we want to have such products…. That is why, in any factory in Germany or any factory in Europe, there is hardly a place that doesn’t have one or two machines made by the factory we bought, Vander. It is that famous. 

This time, among the exhibits in France, when they were explaining the process of manufacturing machinery, they used our factory's machines for the explanation. It is that famous. The fact that we have seized that is an astonishing fact. The day Korea eats anything from Germany, Germany will be turned upside down. 

For example, until now, a Japanese company had only a quarter of the rights for one machine item at a machine factory called Kild Master. In our factory, if it’s milling, it has only a quarter of the rights for one item in the German factory. However, the fact that we bought all the factories is unprecedented in history. It is inevitable. There is no such nonsense as a foreigner coming to buy a factory that is being managed in Germany and is in the red, nor is there a delusional person who thinks they can profit from it. 

Do you understand what I’m saying? 

With a global foundation, with a high level of technology, we can utilize the economic aid channels within ourselves, and we can sell from a position of complete freedom. All conditions have been blocked. The economic distribution is not supported by the state, and all are in opposing positions, buying and operating that factory to make a profit, and creating a new system; that is a dreamlike story. It is impossible. That has never happened in any history. However, I say it is possible. How is it possible? I transcend the nation. They see it from the German national foundation, but I see it globally. I am already looking at Africa and South America. 

If you go to the Unification Industry, you will see that we built a foundry on 4,000 pyeong. You can operate the Unification Industry with just 200 pyeong. You can make foundry products with 200 pyeong and maintain it, but why did we build it on 4,000 pyeong? We are preparing. We can produce all the foundry products needed in Changwon from that factory. It has already become that way. 

So, by buying the factory…. Those people thought "Korea" was a joke, but after coming this time, their consciousness has completely turned around. Ah, because of this, because of this foundation…. They even visited Japan. The fact that they have an organization selling Korean products in Japan is something they cannot imagine. When they think of "Korea," they don’t even think it can fit into their pinky finger. Do you understand? They don’t even consider it to be the size of a fingernail on their pinky. But this time, they were surprised. Our Unification Industry will not lose to any factory in the world, whether in terms of system or all content and equipment. We are prepared to solve everything within ourselves. We have prepared to even make tools. Why is that? Because the industrial level is not standardized. That is how it is. 

In making any product, it is impossible to produce a proper machine by subcontracting. Therefore, it is the reality of Korea that we must secure a foundation that can solve everything under a mature foundation. That is why, without resolving this, no matter how good the machines are…. Even if the state recommends it, they will all lose to us. 

The Unification Industry, which has established a foundation in Germany, the birthplace of machinery 

So, the Unification Industry is truly the best in Korea's machinery technology. No one else can follow. This time, we made a machining center, and you must understand that it has considerable prospects. We have made such automatic machines. 

So, the executives of that company came and immediately…. They are directly connected with us. As a result, all German technology comes in. Do you understand? It all comes in. Because we also have an organization, in just five years, we will be able to extract all the technology and secrets within Germany. The teacher has been planning this for 15 years and has already placed dozens of people in all Japanese factories. Through them, we have extracted all their levels, completely. Even now, no one knows who is there. We can also extract military secrets. Do you understand what I’m saying? That is why concentrating the core of global technology is something we can do in the not-too-distant future. Because we have laid this foundation…. 

There was so much talk about creating the Unification Industry. The former president of the association is not here, but when the teacher created the Unification Industry, there was no profit, no substance, it was always in the red, and we have gone through the precarious situation of fearing bankruptcy. Those who do not know that cannot do it. The grand goal must reach that point; no matter what happens, the Unification Industry must not collapse. I have pulled it through and after about 20 years of history, we have reached Germany. Do you understand? That is a great achievement. 

The fact that we absorbed and bought the German factory based on our Unification Industry is astonishing. This is completely…. 

Next is the machinery industry, and then boring machines, which you may not know much about; they are machines for drilling holes. I won’t mention the names of the companies that want to buy this, for fear of rumors. This is the most famous in the world. How much does one cost? It makes machines worth over 5 million dollars each. 

Is 5 million dollars a small amount or a lot? How much is it? Do you think you can earn 5 million dollars in your lifetime? Can you? There is a machine that costs 5 million dollars, and on top of that, how many tons of items can it cut? It can operate while cutting items weighing 300 tons. Do you understand? 300 tons; a large tank weighs 30 tons, so it can lift and cut ten of those. Those ten are floating in the air. It operates while being pulled around by machines, cutting without a hitch. In terms of human height, it is seven times taller. It is taller than a four-story building. 

So, this time, the Soviet Union took five of those machines right away. The Soviet military...
What kind of military facility is it? If you just investigate a few factories in Germany, you can completely sit down and extract all the data. The level is already different. That's why, this time in the Soviet Union, they brought 120 specific technicians and specialized engineers centered around the minister to the Hanover exhibition, and the factory we want to buy is based on that. Do you understand?

1. The president here has been in contact with agents from all Soviet institutions for the past 15 years, so everyone is friends. And there is no country in the Eastern satellite states that hasn't been involved. There is no country that doesn't use know-how. There is no place you can go without it. It's all like that. There are factories in Brazil. There are factories in the United States. It's global. There is only one. There is only one competing factory, but it doesn't compare. That operates with oil, but ours is air, air. It's a specific device. That's why it operates sensitively and quickly. It creates machines that cannot be made without high-level technology. We are capturing such factories. Do you understand? Do you know what that means? "Yes," it probably sounds like some nonsense to you.

Even with lathes, what is related now is an automatic lathe that is the best in the world. Everything is global. It has come to the time when such factories can sell to us. The fact that they are forced by fate to sell to us is what you could call a miracle in European history. What else would you call it but a miracle in history? It’s a once-in-a-lifetime event. A miraculous event has occurred. I foresaw that time. It wasn't done for me.

In the 1970s, I went to the United States and for five years, when all the citizens of New York City were chased out and the white people were packing their bags and fleeing, I had to lay the groundwork. I had to buy the Empire State Building at that time. But, oh, I couldn't buy it because of the fight between that Fraser and Carter. My plan to acquire most of the buildings fell apart, and I could only buy a few.

At that time, because I took the risk and secured a few, when I came to New York and started the Unification Church, I could immediately set it up right in front of the New Yorker Building. There was no need to ask. If I said it was the Unification Church building, it would be placed right there in front of the New Yorker Building. It is that famous. Also, when tourists from around the world come to the amusement boat in Manhattan, they explain that an important building there is our New Yorker. They say, "That building is owned by a certain Asian person." (Laughter) It is that famous. When you compare the fame of the teacher you know with that of the teacher known in Western society, if you are at zero, they are at a thousand.

The CARP that fought and won against the German government

Now, the U.S. State Department is talking about tax evasion and such, but they are a bunch of thieves. There is no way to pin that on anyone, but they are playing crazy games. The money that came from abroad has all the receipts, can you just claim it as mine? And if I used it, I wouldn't know, but I spent it all for the church... Since there was no church, I had no choice but to deposit it in my name. But what would I do with the interest from the deposited money? I used it all publicly. They just arbitrarily slapped it as personal property. Go ahead and try, you bastards.

Because of this, I will become more famous, and the American people will be completely flattened, and the oppression of people of color by white people will be exposed to the whole world. So I will immediately go back and confront them head-on. I will engage in a legal battle. Others think that I will go to Korea and not return. They report that to the Ministry of Justice. The prosecutor says, "Oh, please, Reverend Moon, don’t come back." If I don’t come back, they will treat me as a criminal and beat me, saying, "He ran away!" But I won't be caught in that trap. (Laughter) This is a good chance. I will take off the label of religious leader and confront the judge.

God is with the Unification Church, and I can't just sit quietly with my personality. (Laughter) It's true. Because of that, even when I went to Germany, Reverend Moon held a wedding ceremony. But the German government didn’t know when he came in; they couldn't recognize Reverend Moon. They think that he cannot travel on regular planes that many people use for security reasons.

So he must have come in on the best plane, but when they checked when Reverend Moon's private plane came in, they found that there was no private plane coming in. (Laughter) And if Reverend Moon were to travel back and forth on such a private plane, he would definitely come in through a chartered flight, and they were instructed to investigate that thoroughly and report it.

I already know all that. I don’t travel by private plane. I travel by car. I go everywhere, to France, Italy, and everywhere else. What do they know? I do whatever I want... When I meet those bastards, it’s a head-on confrontation. "What the hell, did I enter illegally?" I confront them. So I have to fight with the German government. I have to fight the German government.

So I have no choice but to collude with the Ministry of the Interior, and to collude with the Christian People's Party, I need materials. This time in Bonn, there were 280,000 Communist demonstrations. Thousands of Communist organizations from Europe gathered to propose the neutron bomb issue to the Reagan administration, and the neutron bomb would melt Soviet tanks, completely immobilizing NATO forces...

This has put the Soviet Union in a big dilemma. After decades of boasting, if they get completely tied up, they will be facing NATO and will completely collapse. So they are trying to isolate Germany with this. I know all the schemes about how to abolish NATO forces in the future. Those bastards!

So this time when President Sadat died, German Chancellor Schmidt also attended, and Bonn was completely emptied. If they make a mistake this time, they will become enemies with the United States. If they cooperate with what the Communists want, they will stand in opposition to the United States, so they have no choice but to leave the military police out and just let the administrative agencies be completely neglected. So the Communists are demonstrating in a lawless land.

That’s it. We organized CARP... It’s not a large number. We sent in 300 people to crash into the middle. We are demonstrating. They don’t allow demonstrations on the same day. So we planned to demonstrate on October 10, but the Bonn police authorities asked us to do it on October 9. If we demonstrated together, the German government would be implicated. They would question why they allowed us to demonstrate together. If a riot or a murder occurs, it becomes a problem that they allowed demonstrations on the same day.

So we demonstrated on the 9th. It was splendid. It was rumored to be the most gentlemanly demonstration in the history of German demonstrations. The police applauded. It was splendid. (Laughter) They all escorted us while we did this. So what kind of organization is this? CARP. Who is the mastermind of CARP? When they said the mastermind is Reverend Moon, they thought, "Oh!" and regarded Reverend Moon as some kind of mafia leader. (Laughter) The Communists think that’s fine. They see us as scarier than the mafia. They know that. So they call the Unification Church "Moon Mafia." How cool is that? The Communists are really scared of us. In Japan, when they crack down on the Communists, I think that if I just give the order, thousands of Japanese Communists would die. They know that.

So we notified the police. "Tomorrow we will definitely demonstrate. So if you want to arrest us, you can only hold us for a night, two nights, or three nights for a misdemeanor. So do you have places to hold hundreds or thousands of people? So go ahead and arrest us," we strongly notified them. Then we printed flyers, and since it’s a small town, if we put up just 100,000 flyers, it would cause chaos.

So we had a wall poster battle. We did it all day and all night. When we put them up, they took them down, and when they put them up, we took them down, and we ended up getting caught at the scene. They had permission to put theirs up, and we didn’t, so we ended up getting caught more. So they arrested both, letting the Communists go, but who did they arrest? Who did they end up arresting? "CARP." They ended up arresting CARP.

Due to CARP's successful activities, the German Socialist government will soon be forced to resign.

When they were arresting us, they noticed that everyone was happy. So they slowly started to pull back. This means they have already been caught. The police have already been caught. If they appeal to the public, "When we should have arrested everyone for misdemeanors during demonstrations, they let them go, but now they are opposing us, you bastard," then... they are playing such games. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."

I went to another country and did such things, and I am being scolded. I am being scolded, but when God looks at it, He thinks our Unification Church members are doing well. So we are demonstrating. During the demonstration, what do the police say? They say there will definitely be bloodshed here. That’s how it is. Among the 300,000, 280,000 crowds, they are not voluntarily fleeing; they are sitting right in the middle of the crowd. That’s where the masterminds gather to give speeches. (Laughter) They are making a fuss right in front of them. If something happens, I will take responsibility in the name of God and the name of the teacher. No problem. So we demonstrated.

At first, it was terrifying. It was terrifying, but later on, gradually... There is a famous Communist in Germany, a very famous guy who was the governor of the southern region. This bastard was supposed to give a speech but couldn’t. So how ridiculous is that? When this fight broke out, it turned into chaos. When chaos breaks out, our kids are well-trained. About ten Communists are no problem. I sent 30 elite troops from the U.S. They are all women. Slim women. When they hit, they say, "Why are you doing this?" and they run at them. They don’t know who hit them. (Laughter) And they kick a man’s private parts. (Laughter) Do you understand? Now, fighting with women... "Hey, why treat a woman like that?" they lose their strength. You bastard, look straight! Smiling... We trained for that. I get scolded for doing such things. (Laughter) Why, of all things, do the Communists stick to us...

So when the situation escalated, among the tens of thousands of crowds, only a few dozen or a few hundred young people appeared, and they are bold. But it’s not like they are doing it with guns; they are bold... So they are impressed. Are you bold too? Are you bold, you guys? Now that you are over 40, you are all applying to go to the cemetery, right? "Not yet." Not yet? "Yes." This is interesting. Otherwise, there would be no interest. You have to sing a funeral song and send everyone away. So I took all the pictures.

Did the demonstration here make it to the news? Didn’t they mention CARP? It was all on television. The fact that there was an opposing demonstration in Europe... The Communists... These bastards, and now... The police authorities are saying CARP... It has turned out like this, so the current Socialist government is at a stage of losing trust in Germany and will soon resign. They used that event as a teaching moment. That way, the teacher can create a wave in formulating future economic policies in Europe. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."

Global projects being carried out for the construction of a welfare world

What are we trying to achieve with such antics? It’s not for some Moon to make money and be full. It’s for the world that we did this. If this is completely successful... So I have been preparing South American policy for about three years now. You know that, right? We have completed the education of the upper class in South America centered around our CAUSA. If we do it in one country with just 500 people, all the ministers and responsible officials will be included among those 500. That is already within our sphere of influence.

So I am currently building a large hotel centered in Uruguay. I have budgeted about 60 million dollars. I planned this. That place is like the Switzerland of South America, called Montevideo. The coastline of that country is precious, so the wealthy from around the world are competing to buy it for enormous amounts of money. So if they sell this land, they will lose something precious for the future of their country, so they legally regulated it. Anyone who buys it must return it after 25 years. Looking at it, that won’t do. So I extended it to a hundred years, extended it to a hundred years. 

Since there is no law, I had the National Assembly pass a law to allow Reverend Moon to build a hotel, and all the permits came out. Do you understand? A hundred years is necessary to make something happen; 25 years won’t do. This country believes that even if there is some sacrifice for the country, by bringing Reverend Moon and Unification Thought, South America will thrive and their country will prosper.

The government even says, "Let’s make a casino there," voluntarily. "Oh, that’s a bit difficult," I say, "No, we will do it regardless of any relationship with Reverend Moon's religious organization." I said, "Even if you do it, it’s difficult to stand under the same fence." Would you like to make a casino? I am planning to make and sell a casino in the future anyway. Am I just going to make it? I have to sell it. I am planning to make and sell a casino.

I studied that for five years in Las Vegas. I went to the local casinos in Las Vegas and fought all of them. Dr. Yoon, you haven’t been to Las Vegas, right? I have been, but the psychology of gambling is really fascinating. If our Unification Church youth go to the casino with the mindset of wanting to lose money, this world unification will happen in an instant. That’s the only thing I can teach. (Laughter) If I were to talk about similar things, it would be endless.

So what will we do with this in the future? This is going into the tourism and entertainment sector. Then we can have income from specific factors. Also, if someone loses ten thousand dollars... If it’s already ten thousand dollars, that’s a lifetime problem in the U.S. It leads to family breakdown. So people who lose more than ten thousand dollars...
to create a lottery system, and by establishing a drawing system, if we draw tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, or even tens of millions of dollars a year, we can recoup that money. This is the idea of creating such a system. Consequently, the psychological impact of giving is significant. Even during a couple's quarrel, if one says, "Honey, do you know what anger will lead to?" that one phrase can resolve the entire conflict. This is the psychological strategy that is in place.

So, what will that money be used for? It will not be used for the profits of any company but for a global welfare movement. Do you understand what I mean? It will be used for global development. Therefore, this time, the plan is to create a highway zone that connects China, Korea, and Japan, centered around a buffer highway zone of one kilometer on either side... All of this will be used for public purposes, and we will connect the three countries to build the highway. So, I am now thinking of digging from the Gwan tunnel to the other side with my own hands. I will announce this at the upcoming scientists' conference.

What will we do with this? How do we create a unified world? If we simply leave the borders as they are, we cannot create unity. No matter how much cultural exchange we do, we cannot overcome the entrenched cultures of nations and their borders. So, how do we facilitate circulation? Therefore, in the future, this international buffer highway will be welcomed by all nations. This highway will be the center, and airports will be established. Underneath the highway, we will build offices, and when we need to go somewhere, we will come up and take a plane.

Thus, there will be no borders here. If you enter this highway zone, Japanese people will not need a visa to go anywhere. On the day you drive a car, you won't need a visa. You can go anywhere in the world. Whether they are from the Soviet Union or anywhere else, once they enter here, they will not be subject to any border restrictions. At the same time, we will create global circulation routes aimed at tourism. If this happens, wealthy people and young people will completely pass through here. What this means is that the world's economy and the future generations will concentrate here.

And the countries that use this highway will compete to expand this foundation as much as possible. Why? Because if all industrial institutions and organizations come here, they can utilize the industrial facilities and national infrastructure behind them to attract tourism for sales revenue. Therefore, there will undoubtedly be a movement to compete and expand the passage.

The countries that use this highway will put signs on their highway entrances. In our country, there will be a three-week safe passage. No inspections will be done anywhere. When that day comes, the world will be united. Schools that can utilize this will, in the future, mean that even elementary school students will no longer study in one place. They will study while traveling around the world. We will institutionalize this. If they learn English or an international language, they will be able to go through middle school, high school, and even university, and they will be able to work in factories.

Thus, we are trying to open the door to a unified world. We must start from now. Therefore, my plan is to earn 300 million dollars a year. I believe we can earn 200 million dollars centered around Japan. This is how I see it. That would be considerable. I intend to announce this at the upcoming scientists' conference.

Let’s achieve victory and economic recovery in Germany.

So, what will the academies do? What will the Japanese academy, the Korean academy, the European and American academies do? The scholars of the academies will become fundraisers. Do you understand? If Dr. Yoon Se-won takes on the role of a company president and starts raising funds... If just ten people gather, one-tenth will be considered their share. What will poor scholars eat? This will create a system that supports scholars and will become a global ideal nation. Do you understand what I mean?

What is this Japanese highway? This means a car that can run 600 miles centered around a pipe. Whether it’s a ribo engine or something else, this is the origin. It cannot have too many borders. It envisions running to the world and saying, "Wow!" When we start, the world will be unified through cultural exchange.

The problem here is people. We cannot secure a foundation that has personnel with thoughts for the world. It cannot be based solely on one country. Therefore, there is no place other than the Unification Church to do this. Do you understand? So, we are establishing all these plans. To do this, we need to focus on German technology... This is why German technology is necessary, do you understand?

Now, to solve such problems, how to form evaluation criteria and environmental standards in German society is an extremely important issue. Therefore, we will gather all the famous technical industry leaders and the person in charge of the EC in Europe around our factory and make them advisors to our company... What are the future world issues? Development issues, sales issues. The issue of production is emerging globally. To solve such problems, we will completely develop and manufacture essential medicines for the world and sell them.

In the future, the tallest building in Germany will be the development company building managed by Reverend Moon. It will become a design office where thousands of scholars gather and work. We are already receiving orders from around the world. When they ask us to make such products, we will respond immediately. We will create the simplest, strongest, and cheapest products using inexpensive technology. We just need to design it. Based on the design, we will create our company’s brand. What we manufacture and sell in the factory... In terms of sales organization, what will we create alongside the Hanover machinery exhibition? We will create an exhibition sales center. Do you understand? We will create an exhibition and sales center.

By laying this foundation, how to elevate our activities to the point where world nations can value them within four years is the responsibility path that the teacher must take. If that happens, the Unification Church will undoubtedly emerge as the top economic group in the world, as I see it. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Do you like hearing that? Does it feel good or bad? "Good." You hear this in an instant, but you must understand that this has been connected under a plan spanning decades without anyone knowing. 

So, does it feel good? "Yes." Does it sound good? "Yes." Then how does it feel in your hands? How do your feet feel? Can you do this? That’s the question. Can you do this? Are you interested, or not? "We are." Can you do it? "Yes." How?

The Park family knows how to dance, like a grasshopper. (Laughter) How do you do that? "Please give me a chance." (Laughter) Who isn’t giving you a chance? After you eat, there’s the chance; who isn’t giving you a chance? (Laughter) What are you asking for? The chance is always there. Who gives it? You create your own opportunities. You speak well, but who says you can’t do it? Don’t worry, just do it. Do anything. "Understood." (Laughter) You know that if you don’t do this, you’ll die, right? Do you know about the disease? What do you know?

Now, considering all these conditions, Germany is in an important position. Therefore, the second phase of the seven-year course centered around the restoration of all things, economic restoration, material restoration, and the spiritual and physical foundation is the significant goal that the restoration providence aims for. Can you deny that? Do you understand? "Yes." How about Yoo Jong-young? These days, when I see you, I don’t like looking at your forehead. (Laughter) It seems like you’ve done something wrong. I keep getting angry. Is it coming close to your death day? Also, Dr. Yoon shouldn’t think, "Oh, the teacher talks about me every morning, so it must be my death day." That’s different. Your hair is white and you’re old, so that means you’re becoming younger. (Laughter)

Let’s return to the main topic, having gone off on a tangent. The spiritual foundation of the restoration providence has already been established. Thus, we have connected Japan and the United States. Do you understand? In stopping communism, the Unification Church is essential; Japan is the absolute, decisive foundation for receiving this recognition. Do you understand? Of course, the Japanese Liberal Democratic Party and the Japanese right-wing parties believe that "if there is a victory alliance, communism cannot prevail." This is an astonishing fact. You may not know the Japanese political situation well, but I have created all of this. I have already laid the foundation.

Recently, the head of CARP (College Association for the Research of Principles) reported to me that "the Japanese Communist Party has become miserable on college campuses." So, I jokingly said, "Even the Japanese Communist Party should promote themselves; don’t fight, since they’ve become miserable." Strangely enough, I have cut off the heads of all the leftist leaders in Japan. I have eliminated 180 to 150 of them. That’s real skill.

I conducted operations at East Garden. I completely took down the mayor of Kyoto, who had been in power for 29 years. The Nagoya mayor, the Osaka mayor, the Tokyo mayor, and the rest were like a swarm of bees; there’s no need to mention them. I laid the foundation in that area. And what did we do? We completely executed a national movement underground. Therefore, to defend against communism, there must be a victory alliance, regardless of whether it is the Japanese Metropolitan Police or the Public Security Bureau, or the Self-Defense Forces. There cannot be a CARP on college campuses. Also, there cannot be a professor academy. This has emerged as a movement that has concluded in Japan's intellectual world. Do you understand? "Yes."

No matter how much Korea opposes, you must understand that this foundation will swallow Japan and still have room left. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Now in Japan, they do not cause trouble with me. When Teacher Moon speaks, they say, "Let’s try to unify the world centered around Japan," and should they say "yes" or "no"? "Yes." What is "yes"? Then what will you do? You will become a servant. The subject cannot become a slave, right? Good? "……" You kids all have the mindset of thieves, becoming beggars.

Such an atmosphere has already been established in the United States, and for two years, centered around CARP, we completely cleaned up American universities. Those communist bastards! During the Vietnam War, the members who were going around promoting communism and working as political operatives all gathered on college campuses. They were 35 or 36 years old but were in their first or second year of college. They came from that source. Even if they go to school, they only go out once a week, and when it comes time for exams, they don’t take them; since they didn’t take the exams, they always pass. They are professional school agitators who engage in such antics. They are the most vicious communist group that causes violent incidents.

We fought them all and drove them out. So now, what stage have we reached? In the White House, the spokesperson... What does it mean to be a spokesperson? "Minister of Culture." The spokesperson himself contacted us and said, "This time, President Reagan is giving a lecture in Atlanta, and the communists will come to disrupt it, so CARP should come and help." Do you understand what I mean?

We sent 40 people. About 4,000 communists came, but we sent 40 and... We do it cleverly. When the president comes, there are supposed to be welcoming guests in the streets. If we just do it, it wouldn’t look good. So we made thousands of flags. We even made the name CARP prominent and distributed them all along the road. While doing that, we waved and agitated. We distributed them while keeping the rhythm. Everyone did that. So, that’s all CARP. (Laughter) Do you understand? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." How many thousands are CARP? There’s no limit.

Even when there’s noise, we did all that. Then we theoretically took down the instigators one by one with about 40 people. Theoretically, they can’t withstand it. Therefore, the atmosphere on college campuses... Until now, how have I coached? Every time there was a demonstration on campus, I instructed them to take pictures and send them to the State Department, the White House, the CIA, the FBI, and the Department of Defense. Every time there was a demonstration, I sent thousands of letters. They were shocked when they saw it. Upon investigation, they found it was significant.

So now the White House has nothing to say. The Department of Defense, all the military officials are becoming our allies. That’s how they sell movies. What movie? "Oh, Incheon." They gather all the audience and do all that. So, it’s impressive. What can the vice president do? He has nothing to do, so he just smokes and farts. He eats greasy food and smokes. So, what else can he do?

Therefore, even within the Republican Party, whenever they bring the vice president to give a speech, the communists demonstrate. During the demonstrations, they say, "CARP, please help us! We need you!" What can we do? They do this repeatedly. This means that we have already climbed to the prince's position in the highest intellectual world of America.

Why? Because when it comes to the vice president or president, there are the State Department, the Department of Defense, the CIA, the FBI, and all intelligence agency investigators involved. What they cannot touch is communism, and what they cannot handle is communism, but CARP has been determined to have the ability to deal with it. Do you understand? You need to understand that.

Therefore, a foundation has been established to conduct the victory movement centered around Japan and the United States. The United States is directly connected to Europe. Therefore, if there is a problem in the United States, there will definitely be an investigation of CARP in Japan, and immediately there will be issues in Germany as well. When they investigate that, the answers will be significant. So they will say "yes." Everything will be okay. Therefore, from now on, we will be deployed in Germany. Do you understand? We will be deployed in Germany...

In the future, centered around Berlin, Berlin University is a stronghold of communism. So we will retake it and break Berlin. How will we do that? Four countries manage Berlin, but they are all competing and staying there to protect Berlin with the same system, same environment, and same administration.

So, "Why is the Soviet Union building walls, but why isn’t England building walls? Why isn’t France building walls? Why isn’t America building walls? We will build them for you," while the CARP members build the walls. Our CARP members load bricks onto trucks and...
It's about building walls. "What is this?" "What do you mean, it's a wall," "What kind of wall is it?" "It's a wall just like the Soviet wall." That's it. 

So, should we do it or not? I can't say not to do it, and on the days they are tearing it down... We are building while they are tearing it down, saying, "Hey, you guys, if we all come together from the same standpoint around this flat base, we might not know, but the German people do not want independent actions. The free world does not want that either." And then they say, "Tear it down!" But if they don't tear it down, we have to keep building. It's all about making those three countries play that game. Then, without a doubt, it will be torn down. 

"Why aren't they tearing that down? That wall, why aren't they tearing it down, you brat! It's the same whether the German people build it or I build it; it's just that the Soviets built it, so why don't you tear it down? If you don't take responsibility, you will ruin all of Europe and the free world," they keep hammering away. Every day, they meet with the commander and create chaos. 

Then they send notifications to the world. We create our international student organization, gather tens of thousands, and at a certain time on a certain day, our German students will definitely... At that time, under the name of the International Student Federation, we will showcase the first thing behind the Communist Party... "All media and interested parties, come!" and we will all display it while blowing the trumpet and marching. "Shoot, you bastards! Just shoot!" On the day we shoot, students all over the world will become explosive volcanoes. "Beat down the Communists, kill them!" That's what it is. We will take those displayed tanks, and if it doesn't work out, we will buy Balkan cannons and try to do it. Do you understand what I'm saying? We have to make life-and-death decisions. I have even instructed that. 

Now is the age of spiritual practicality, the age of material indemnity. I have organized and instructed the Bonn conference. To do that, we are preparing for an all-out life-and-death war. Do you people in Korea today know that this is the frontline where the Unification Church is currently situated? I want you to ask yourselves. Is it human to wander around like a beggar in a pit, not knowing the world? If you are a human child, you should act like a human. If you are a member of the Unification Church following Reverend Moon, you should become a tiger cub. A tiger cub cannot become a puppy or a kitten. 

So, what do you think, is the teacher right? When have you thought of the teacher and cooperated with the teacher's work? The teacher is not just wasting time like a goblin, spending precious youth... I know that my body is more precious than yours. While consuming my life and living this miserable, truly wandering life in the world, while trying to save the world, what are you doing? Just for your own children, earlier that brat was talking about living issues... 

And yet, you hope that the teacher will think of you first. "I need to get help from the teacher. The Unification Church should support me," but these puppy brats. Is that ideology correct or incorrect? Where do you speak from? Earlier, you said life was miserable, but is that ideology correct or what kind of ideology is it? Now, in terms of purpose, did I say to think of your wives and children, or did I say to think of the country, or did I say to think of the world? Answer me. The purpose is to love the world. 

The Unification industry and the companies created today are not to gather and feed the likes of those little brats in Korea. It's for the world, for the missionary funds of the world that I have invested. You need to speak correctly, think correctly, and act selectively. You must act in ways that will not lead to ruin. Do you understand? 

Then is it right for the teacher to go, or is it right for you who know nothing to think the teacher is just wandering around? Which is right? Can you not even answer? Are you right, or is the teacher right? "The teacher is right." Then should we just leave that alone, or should we dissect it and crush it? What should we do? Should we let it die quietly, or should we dissect it and, even if it becomes a cripple, save it? "We must save it." 

Because of that position, the personnel changes this time were made that way. The appointment of the association president is on a different level. Now we must deal with practical issues. Until now, our Unification Church has entered the age of indemnity, but now we have entered the age of spiritual foundation and practicality. You must understand that we have entered the age of spiritual foundation and practicality, not the age of spiritual foundation and indemnity. Do you understand? The times are different. Now is the spiritual what age? "Practical age." What was the past? "Indemnity age." What is from now on? "Practical age." Practical age! Spiritual practical age. Therefore, in terms of the number of members, we have entered a practical age where we must secure the highest number in a short time compared to any religion in Korea. You must understand this. Do you understand? "Yes." How many Unification Church members are there? You don't know, do you? 

The times are different. Do you understand? "Yes." What age is it now? "Spiritual practical age." Spiritual practical age. Then, everyone, what does it mean to pursue a spiritual practical age? It means you are the masters. Do you understand? "Yes." Then can a person pursuing a spiritual practical age also pursue material practicality? No. You must understand that we are entering the age of material indemnity. 

Because of this, Reverend Moon is now making money and losing everything. Economic activities must be invested for the world. It is indemnity. In this age, you cannot just spread your bundles and keep money in your bundles. You must clearly understand that. Do you understand? "Yes." Spiritual practical age and material? "Indemnity age." You must understand that we are entering the age of material indemnity. We don't need material indemnity, and it would be good to combine material practicality and spiritual practicality, but that principle is not established. If it becomes one world, that is possible. You must clearly understand that. Do you understand? You must cross that boundary. 

The Unification Church is engaging in activities for the world even while facing opposition. 

So how should you conduct yourselves? I must teach you correctly. I am teaching you correctly. Then you will become the subject of spiritual practicality, and the material foundation will enter the age of indemnity. Therefore, if you have a family, that family will enter a time of economic hardship, while in the spiritual world, it will enter a time of practical prosperity. You must clearly understand that this is the turning point centered on the so-called second 3rd 7-year course. 36 families, did you all understand? Hong Jong-bok! "Yes." Did you, Chairman Kim, understand? "Yes." Jae-seok also needs to understand, right? "Yes." From now on, we must break records in the number of churches in Korea. Therefore, we must digest the economic fields that will come from the world in the future and secure national emergency personnel who can move and act. It is fast now. If we do well within 7 years, if this is possible within 7 years, the Moscow conference will automatically take place. 

So, what was instructed from America in preparation for that? It was to form an association of small nations. That association is already organized, the small nations association. The small nations will all follow the teacher. In the black world, as soon as I speak, they will all treat me as a hero. Do you understand? Dr. Yoon, do you know that? I may be this incompetent, but I have no doctoral degree, but even as a follower of Reverend Moon, if I speak, even the black people will try to move. 

In this small nations association, we can include Germans, we can include everyone. We can include all of Europe. Also, unless we cultivate new members of Congress centered around America, unless we replace the president with someone God desires, America will perish. If America perishes, the free world will perish. When I return, I will do this work. After that, what will we do? We will gather not only former prime ministers but also current prime ministers. If we do this, everyone... So, in South America, we have gathered about 28 people now. And Kisuni, Fukudani, and everyone else are all getting involved with the teacher. Do you understand? 

What will we do by creating that association? We will work as advisors in the small nations association. We will give lectures in America. If a prime minister wants to do that, it will be the most difficult. They cannot do anything. They cannot smoke freely, they cannot drink makgeolli freely, and even if they have diarrhea, they cannot even poop on the roadside. If it becomes known to the world, it will be a big deal. They can't even pee once. When they get old, even if they pee, it will be in the newspapers. So they can't do anything freely. It's the saddest thing. Because they know this well, they go around together and do national grand lectures. They do American national grand lectures. 

Next, we will create an Asian broadcasting station and an Asian newspaper. So we will gather media organizations... The U.S. State Department knows me. "If we leave that goblin-like guy alone, he will ruin America in a few years. We must expel him somehow, but since there is nothing to catch him on in America, let's catch him by defamation in the newspapers," and even though I have no fault, they will all make it into articles, thinking that I will definitely not return to Korea. But, oh, they heard the rumor that I went to Korea. So now, they think it will go according to their plans. Do you think I don't know that thought? So, the day before, I show up and say, "You guys!" and confront them. 

During that period, I invested more than 80 million dollars, foreign money brought in for America, and even though I have the authority to deposit that money in more than a hundred countries around the world, the person who invested in America is just 12,000 dollars, what did they do? Even if I took it from your wallet and gave it to you, I would throw it away; American money is ugly. Nonsense, stop talking nonsense. I will refute that. I must go to fight that battle. Do you understand? Should I go, or should I be there? "I must go." 

It would be good to be there, right? But if I am there, I will be labeled a sinner. If the media beats me up and tries to make life difficult for the Korean government, it is obvious what will happen. I will not engage in such harmful games to the country. I will voluntarily stand at the forefront as the responsible leader and fight. 

You must become someone who sacrifices today to live for history. 

Now, while the teacher is thinking like that, you are worried about just one household, about living expenses, and you can talk to the teacher about that? You must overcome this. The day you overcome this... This is also for history, for the history of the Unification Church; I must live a public life passing through a personal path, but if I act just to be comfortable, just to avoid that, all the misfortunes of history will come to me. 

If I stand at the forefront and cleanly organize the history of the Unification Church, that will make the history of the Unification Church shine for a thousand years. There is no history as miserable as the history of Christianity that believes in Jesus today. The bloodshed has all passed. The time when Christianity could wage religious wars has already passed. Why? Because I made the pastors and elders of the established church travel around the world. Why? For the next generation. There is no benefit now. However, their sons and daughters testify. They say that their parents who opposed the Unification Church traveled around the world with Unification Church money. Even if they oppose it later, they will say, "That's fake." Their children will come into the Unification Church. You must understand this. 

Even if money comes in, even if I have to tighten my belt and go hungry, I will do this. What their ancestors could not do, what their school teachers could not do, what their parents could not do, what their church while they were growing up could not do, Reverend Moon will do for them. This is based on social justice and will serve as data that can be acknowledged in the tradition of history. No matter what anyone says in any field, it has now become a bat that can defend. 

Therefore, we must defend the war in the historical era of Christianity and the Unification Church. We must defend even if we shed blood. Do you understand? Living with that whole issue is not living for now. It is living for the future and history. You are using such a teacher to live, right? Do you understand or not? "I understand." Do you understand or not? "I understand!" Those who understood, raise your hands. Your ears are not blocked. Put them down! We must take action, and we will solve everything in that direction, cleanly organize, set the direction, and move forward. Will we hesitate and retreat? What will it be? "We will move forward." We will move forward! "Amen." We will move forward! "Amen." 

So, at this time, can you give the teacher the privilege to carry out all personnel changes? "Yes." I ask you this knowing you will say yes. (Laughter) Can you give it or not? "Yes." Those who will not give it, raise your hands. Those who will give it, raise your hands. Then you will want to go to the position you desire, or you will want to send the teacher to the position he desires? What will it be? The place you want is closer to the path of destruction, and the path the teacher wants is closer to the path of life. What is it? Is it the opposite? Is it the truth? Answer me. There is a lot to do today. "It is the truth." Is it the truth? "Yes." What is the truth? Is it a chain? Tightly binding and definitely doing that, right? "Yes." The truth is the truth. 

To pass through the age of indemnity, we must walk the path of sacrifice that sheds tears of blood. 

Now, at this time, all responsible persons must submit their resignations! Do you understand? Regardless of who it is, everyone must submit their resignations. The 36 families, 72 families, 124 families, and 430 families are all core personnel representing Korea. Centered around them, the entire executive personnel must gather to pass the constitution of the heavenly kingdom. What is it? What will be passed? "The constitution of the heavenly kingdom." What is the constitution? "The constitution." How will the constitution be? Will it be canceled? "It must be passed." It must be passed, passed. Raise your hands if you have any objections, anyone with objections. 

Now, let's discuss. We are doing a sacred work; we are not forcing anything. Let's discuss it amicably. If we want to live together, do we need to fight? Let's try to do it amicably. If anyone has objections, raise them. 

What is Jeongsuwon? "Yes?" What is Jeongsuwon? "It's the head of the general affairs department." Ah, now that everyone has submitted their resignations, what department head are you? (Laughter) Oh, you guys, what knot do you have to see? Isn't it boring? Isn't it? Whether you live or die, even if you wrestle to cut something and make a vow, (laughter) even if you lose something, what knot do you have to see? This is boring; are you going to reach a conclusion? Men can talk about all sorts of things, but women only have one mother, and mothers understand everything, so... That lady over there, if she doesn't want to hear, she can cover her ears and lie down. (Laughter)
Alright, then Act 1 is over, (laughter) one way or another... There are no objections, so it's safe to say Act 1 has concluded. 
Now, shall we go back and talk again? How many hours have we talked? "Two hours." 
If we've talked for two hours, isn't that a day's work done? How many hours should we talk? If you go as a guest and give a two-hour lecture on stage, that's considered a good reception in society, right? Shall we stop or continue? What about Hwang Hwan-chae? "It's nothing." (laughter) Right, what about Yoo Gwang-ryeol? "It's Yoo Gwang-ryeol." (laughter) Yes, the Unification Church is a wonderful place. Moon so-and-so is thrilling there, and everyone envies him. 'Why does that person get so much...?' You all are not fools. He speaks exactly what fits the theory. That's why everything is in motion.
What time is it now? "The era of practicality." What kind of practicality? "The era of spiritual practicality." The era of spiritual practicality, and what comes next? "The era of material indemnity." The era of material indemnity. Should we eat properly and live, or should we live without eating? Should we tighten our belts, or loosen them? "Tighten." Tighten. It's the opposite of others, the opposite. The teacher has lived that way. Did I ever tell you to make money until the 1970s? From the 1970s, I laid the economic foundation. I sent all 36 families before this nation and this people, you know? The three-year course, you know that? Do you know why that is? It's to go beyond the indemnity course for the nation. The indemnity course for the nation means abandoning the family and going out completely. Thus, it is about making indemnity for this people, spiritual indemnity.
For me, the time has come to lay the economic foundation, so from the 1970s, I laid the economic foundation and began the history of struggle centered around the United States, a global economic power. Centered around 1971, I entered the United States on November 18, after surpassing the second year. From then on, I focused on the United States... It's all principled, not haphazard, it's theoretical, theoretical. No matter what, it fits perfectly. So the teacher had no foundation. The teacher had no house or anything. When the teacher started the third seven-year course, where did he eat? Everything is indemnity. Clothes too, do you know I lectured for three years wearing a jacket? For three years, I didn't eat meals at a table, what was it, what do you call it? A tray? No, it wasn't even a tray. I just placed a board and lived without eating more than three side dishes. Do you know that, you little brats! "Yes, we know." Do you know I fasted for three years on my birthday, you little brats! Do you think that was for nothing? You all have to do that now. You have to start from now.
I wear a suit today, and I still wear a suit, but I try not to wear a tie as much as possible. Why? Because I know I make many people suffer. Whether it rains or blows, I am a person who sheds tears endlessly and prays. 'If I do this wrong, I should be punished. Strike me first. I am the greatest sinner among sinners.'
Therefore, Unification Church members should engage in economic activities while admiring the teacher in their hearts, and there are people who worship their master even while being beaten and insulted, and they should know that there is a heart left to pray for the master’s blessing even in the place where they bleed. Those who are in debt do not retreat unless they perish. That's for sure, right? "Yes." It's for sure. You all need to live that way.
The path of indemnity must go not by the way of order but by the way of disorder.
So this time, as I leave here, I am giving the order for a full mobilization. Now, even if you have to sell the house you own, even if you have to sell your entire family, even if you have to sell everything you have, even your clothes, your skirts... Is that true or not? "It's true." (Some parts were not recorded due to poor audio quality)
Among you, who attended the meeting the other day on Sunday, raise your hands. Everyone attended, except for the local leaders who didn't know. I will briefly summarize what I talked about the other day, as there is no time for details. The servant of servants, then the servant, then the adopted son, then the illegitimate son, then the son, then the wife, then the husband, and then God, that makes eight stages. (Writing while speaking) You must go through these eight stages. To return, it is personal, family, tribe, nation, world, heaven, and God, all eight stages. Do you understand what I mean? You must go through these eight stages.
Now, God's providence should rise from here, from here, and it's okay from here. Adam and Eve should rise from here centered on God, but due to the fall, they fell into the age of lawlessness from here, the age of lawlessness. Therefore, what has this realm become? What has this realm become? It has become a hierarchy of servants, servants of servants, adopted sons, illegitimate sons, and so forth for fallen humanity. Because they fell, such a hierarchy was created.
Then how do we create such a world within this realm? How do we create a way to return to the original world? From now on, how do we create the eight stages? How do we ascend? That becomes the issue. We must ascend. Wouldn't it be nice to set up a ladder and go up like this? It would be nice to go up like this, right? However, you absolutely cannot ascend that way. You absolutely cannot ascend. You must understand this clearly.
Why can't you ascend? Originally, when Adam had not fallen, he was the firstborn. Do you understand? This is within the realm of principle. This is within the realm of principled dominion. When going out from here into the realm of direct dominion, who is supposed to pull you up? Originally, Adam is supposed to pull you up. Do you understand? Adam is the one who has the achievement of the firstborn. You must understand that. He is the firstborn. He is the firstborn of humanity.
Therefore, according to the principle of creation, what could have been ascended centered on the firstborn? It is the realm of principled results. That principle exists. The secondborn cannot ascend. In God's providence of restoration, Cain and Abel must first be involved, right? When looking at the history centered on Cain and Abel, Cain is the elder brother, but he made a mistake. Satan has dominion over all of this. Then what about Abel? What is Abel? He is the younger brother, the younger brother. He is the younger brother, but he is like a twin. He is the younger brother who does not want to be the secondborn, but he is born as the secondborn, buried in the realm of fall due to the fall.
Then how do we avoid this? You cannot just ascend. To do that, you must strip away the firstborn's rights. The issue of restoring the rights of the firstborn arises. If you create many new wines, it will be difficult for future principle lectures. Do you understand? You must understand that clearly. You must ask about that.
Then why can't you ascend directly? It would be nice to go directly, but you cannot ascend because the principle is like that. Ultimately, this is a place that only the firstborn can go to. The heavenly principle is that inheriting the generations through the path of the firstborn is the heavenly principle, so standing in the position of the secondborn, you cannot find a way to ascend before heaven. This is theoretical, right?
Then what should we do? Cain, due to Satan... all of humanity and all things live on this earth centered on Satan's love. Originally, if there had been no fall, everything would have unfolded in the love realm of the firstborn, but because he became the firstborn of Satan instead of God's firstborn, he completely returned to the side of Satan. We must establish the conditions of indemnity to find this. This, in our principle, means entering the realm of actual conditions. We must find that. You cannot just find it. There must be conditions of indemnity here, conditions. What are those conditions? They are not conditions of order but conditions of disorder. It is not a principle of welcoming and pulling from a high position, but entering from the highest position to the lowest position. It must be a condition of disorder. Do you understand? Conditions of indemnity must be like that. Today, Unification Church members do not understand the conditions of indemnity well. Indemnity cannot be formed at all within the realm of order. You must understand this clearly. I am teaching you all of this clearly. What does indemnity mean? "Conditions of disorder." Conditions of disorder.
Therefore, a person in a good position must enter into a poor position to indemnify. Also, to be in the position of a scholar, one must become an ignorant person. Even if one is a scholar, one must become an ignorant person. Even if one is in the position of a master, to become one, what must one be in conditions of disorder? "A servant." One must become a servant.
The person who voluntarily goes the path of disorder is Abel.
So who exactly is Abel? Only those who voluntarily go the path of conditions of disorder are Abel. This is the conclusion that arises. What is Abel? "The one who goes by conditions of disorder..." Conditions of disorder... Is it by coercion? It is by free will, the path of voluntary action is what? "The path of Abel." It is the position of Abel. You must understand this clearly. Dr. Yoon must understand this so that he can give principle lectures to the doctors in the future. He must give principle lectures. You must keep this in mind. This has been the path of history until now, but rather than the path of history, it is a principle, a fact, but... Do you understand what kind of person Abel is? What kind of person is Abel? "The one who voluntarily goes by conditions of disorder." The one who voluntarily goes by conditions of disorder... You must understand this clearly.
Then, when you go to a poor person, what must you do? You must be able to take responsibility and feed the poor person. That is not the way of order. It is conditions of disorder, conditions of disorder. Did you understand that clearly? The path Abel takes is the path of indemnity, and the path of indemnity is the path of conditions of disorder. That is the path of destiny that can determine Abel's qualifications. You must understand that. It is the path of destiny. Whether you go or not... I cannot stop doing this. The matter of living and surviving is the path of destiny, so to live, one cannot not eat. Can you live without eating?
God, who established these principles, could not have such people, such sons on this earth, nor daughters, so He must educate those sons and daughters again. To establish conditions of disorder before the servant, must the father of the servant be what? Naturally, he must become the servant of servants, the servant of servants.
What is a servant? What is a servant of servants? In this world, the servant is the last. The slave is the last. Therefore, the servant of servants is the master of the slave. The slave is the master. Even if the slave master kills, even if the master slaughters the sheep with a knife, the sheep must die without resistance. The sheep does not resist. You must go the way of the sheep. This is not a shocking enemy, but it happened because of the fall.
Therefore, to pave this path, God laid a spiritual foundation in the human world and trained through prophets. So, He made all the spiritual people act like madmen, madmen. Do you understand? The spiritually enlightened become spiritually transformed on the basis of spiritual conditions. You must understand that. Do you know why that is? This principle is not something that ordinary social humans can understand. By establishing spiritual expectations, the prophet representing heaven comes out on the path of Abel. Therefore, the words of those who try to walk that path are all full of absurdity. They cannot be understood. They cannot be understood, but sometimes they are right. There is a reason for being right.
Through all the prophets via the spiritual world, the path of pioneering the environment of disorder has remained as the history of the Abel tradition. Now you understand clearly, right? "Yes." The history of the Abel tradition. The teacher does not always teach this. It is all like that. God is caught in this, Jesus is caught in this, and the teacher is caught in this. Therefore, the teacher's family must walk this path, the families of the Unification Church must walk this path, and the Republic of Korea must all walk this path. You yourselves, your families, and the families blessed through the teacher must have at least five percent of responsibility to participate; otherwise, there are no conditions to participate at all. If you do not do that and want to come work in our Unification Church companies, that is robbery. Do you understand? A person who cannot do that wants to get a job in the Unification Church company, which is a violation of the principle and means they are in the position of a traitor.
What Reverend Moon has done until now is not a game of order but a game of disorder. He has played that game for 60 years. So, it is natural to be opposed, to be despised, to be humiliated, but even though it is frustrating and resentful, one cannot complain. Why can’t one complain? Because it is necessary to save the brother who is in the enemy camp. What will you do after saving the brother in the enemy camp? You cannot save the mother without saving the brother, and you cannot save the father without saving the brother. Do you understand what I mean?
The path of Abel must be walked to subdue Satan and achieve victory for the Unification Church.
Abel's fate is miserable. Voluntarily going the path of a slave is not about finding some individual counterpart but about going to liberate the brother. Even if one gives their life and faces death there, Abel is the one who stands in the destiny of praying for the brother's blessing. You cannot find a wife without finding the brother. You cannot find a mother without finding the brother. The mother, who holds both Cain and Abel in her embrace and breastfeeds them, must be able to let the brothers feed each other without fighting. Holding these two children in one embrace, unless she stands in the position of a mother filled with joy, she cannot return to Adam; that is the destiny of restoration.
Therefore, today there are the democratic world and the communist world in world history. The sovereign of the democratic world and the sovereign of the communist world must be able to say they have united without fighting. Thus, when the Lord comes, Christianity must stand in the position of the bride, embrace and digest, and say, 'Oh, Father, we have embraced the brothers and stood in the position of the bride, Lord, come. Do as you please.' That is the mission of Christianity.
In dealing with the historical environment and such realities, even though a time was prepared, this has happened because Christianity has failed in its responsibilities. If we look at it centered around one nation, the nation and the church become Cain and Abel. Do you understand? If we look at it as individuals, the body and mind are Cain and Abel. If we look at it as families, the person who lives centered on the family is Abel, more than the husband and wife, Abel.
Therefore, a person who walks this path receives the cooperation of heaven and is respected from a conscientious standpoint. If the father makes a mistake, the child will go that way. If the mother makes a mistake, the child will follow that. Walking this way, they will pass time and manage the environment.
So, you must understand that Abel must voluntarily go the path of indemnity. In voluntarily going the path of disorder, what happens is that the environmental conditions arise centered on the results of personal indemnity restoration. When it is said that the conditions of indemnity are completed, when it is said that it is finalized, there must be a relationship of opposition. To do that, you must receive a sign of willingness to concede from Satan. To receive a concession, you must fight and win. 'This must be completely...
You must return after receiving the sign that says, "Treat it as yours, treat it as your existence."  
When you return, what should you do? God has been training you up to this point. Even with this training, you should be completely like this, but you haven't drawn the original form. This means you haven't drawn it. You know nothing. It has become a wasteland. (Speaking while writing) You cannot just go up from here. Everything has been vaguely polished like this, vaguely. This hasn't been resolved. You don't know this or that. You must take hold of this and resolve it as a bundle. You must take on that responsibility; this is the mission of the Unification Church today.  
So, God Himself has been acting as a servant of servants until now. He teaches all the ignorant people so that they can voluntarily walk the path of the servant and the path of the servant's servant, making them suffer. What do you do there? You educate. You educate your elder brother. It's the elder brother liberation movement. Do you understand? The elder brother liberation movement. The elder brother attacks like an enemy. He tries to kill life. If he tries to kill once, twice, or three times, he must retreat. Laban was obstinate ten times, and Pharaoh became obstinate for the same reason; God did this to fulfill all the conditions for indemnity.  
From the position of the servant of servants, you must seek the position of the eldest son.  
Today, the Unification Church members only knew the term "indemnity," they only knew about indemnity restoration, but they didn't know how it works. "Indemnity restoration is something the teacher knows, only those who do indemnity restoration know; what do we know? We can just live comfortably," there are many thieves like this. They are heretics. They are heretics of the Unification Church.  
Looking at this, whether you have stood in the position of a heretic of the Unification Church until now, or whether you have stood in the rightful, orthodox position of the Unification Church, you will know for sure. How about Kang Young-hee? Is it heresy or orthodoxy? "I am trying to walk the path of my parents." Did you walk the path of orthodoxy or the path of heresy? "I walked the path of heresy." Always wanting to protect oneself indicates that there is still a tendency for corruption. You must be honest if you want to be forgiven.  
So, connecting numerous religions, even vaguely, like this, you have created a fence... The fence of the servant of servants is vague, and the fence of the servant is also vague... Everything is like this. (Speaking while writing) Without a doubt, it has become like this centered around world religions. If not, there is no way; there is no way. You do not know whether to go east or west. Because there is heaven here, it provides the way. It comes this way, it comes that way, and it must go this way after combining the three. (Speaking while writing) What is flat? It is like a puddle where all kinds of colorful waters gather. That will die because it does not flow. There is nowhere for it to flow.  
Here, the teacher has cleared all that content and set the direction to catch the flow. To do this, you must organize everything historically centered on Christianity, which represents this, and discern how it all happened, so that it can fit into all historical systems according to principles and standards. Then it must be recognized before heaven through practice. What does that mean? It means you must stand in a position where both Satan and heaven can recognize it and declare victory. Without that, it cannot become an eternal official stage.  
So today, history, religion, all of them... Look. If you cannot establish the position of the elder brother here, what should you do? Where is the elder brother? He is here, so you must find him. You start from the position of the servant of servants, and you must seek from here. You walk the path of the principle, the path of Abel. Sleeping comfortably is not the principle. Loving and living with your wife is the natural order, isn't it? If you give birth to children but do not have the teacher's sons and daughters, if you do not have the teacher's family, all your children are dead. No matter how many you give birth to, they are all dead children. So, you must be connected to the teacher.  
You are swimming in the water. While swimming, you are clinging together like two tadpoles... You must understand that. Do you understand? You must realize that you have not come to land. So, what will you establish? You thieves! What are you doing here? It is the elder brother, the elder brother. When entering the world of Satan, what did I say the other day? "The champion match." "The champion match of goodness." It is a confrontation with Satan. The elder brother is on the side of Satan, and I am on the side of Abel, fighting with the elder brother. The elder brother walks the path of natural order in the world of Satan. He rules with power. He is centered on himself, saying, "Why is this happening?" In fact, he comes to take away. Isn't that right? He comes to take away. The heart knows. "Hey, why are you stealing?" he says. He is a thief. He comes like a thief; he is a thief. When the Lord comes, how does He come? "Like a thief." He comes as a thief. Abel is a thief. He is the chief thief when viewed from the world of Satan. From the perspective of the world of Satan, he is the chief thief, the gang leader. From heaven's side, he is a good thief. The methods of stealing are different. They hit and steal, but here it is about being hit and stealing. Do you understand? Here, what does Satan do? He hits. Here, what do we do? "We get hit." If I get hit by Satan, I claim damages. I claim damages twice. Did you understand this clearly? "Yes."  
Now is the time to take the lead in establishing the providential course.  
Now, are you Abel or Cain? "I am Cain." You are Cain, you children! "I am Cain." These children who have been attached to the church until now. All of them say, "Oh, I am dying; the natural order of the world of Satan is good. I must earn money and live with it; I must eat well and educate my children. Oh, I must live comfortably. What do I do going to church? I don't want to do indemnity restoration. I won't go to church. I must feed my children, for my wife... I don't like church. I like the company..." right? You thieves! You traitors! "If you don't buy me a car, I can't do it. I need gas money, and I need a driver. If you don't do that, the teacher is my enemy. Why don't you do it? I have suffered this much..." right, you children! You know you will fall into the conditions of indemnity, so the teacher has told you not to do it. Looking at the games these children play, if I were not here, they would all be ruined. These children are going to the very bottom of hell. Because I am here, they can survive until now. They can survive in this era, in this era.  
If this were not true, would I be doing this because I am inferior to you? I have explored all the secrets of the universe and fought with tears of blood for my whole life; would I do this because I am inferior to you? What were you thinking in that head? True parents... For the nation and for the world? They are all traitors. It turns out they are a traitorous family. I must establish this tradition, so even if it is just me, I must leave this tradition behind and become a living witness who can stand before heaven's name and the laws of justice with proper education. That is the teacher's mission... If you did not know this fact, you would all go to hell. To the most heinous hell of Satan... Did you understand this clearly? "Yes."  
Kang Jeong-won, Jeong Dae-hwa, Sa Gil-ja, holy ones, and Ok Se-hyun, you want to be treated well, right? Throw it all away! I am doing that play right now. I am walking the providential course of the world. Behind me... While Moses was on Mount Sinai receiving the tablets, the entire Israelite nation was making a golden calf and creating idols. It has become exactly the same. Originally, those who went to the company should have been expelled from the Unification Church. If I taught you, you should have all been expelled. After doing all my part, paving the smooth path...  
These little brats, even if they say they are Unification Church believers, if I go to prison, they will search the streets, shedding tears, and praying all night for me, so I cannot forget them, and I must realize the miserable position where I must come back and teach them again. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, from this moment on, you must make a resolution of ideals when entering the Unification Church. Also, you must make efforts beyond ideals when entering the Unification Church. Otherwise, you cannot reach it.  
They know what it was like to enter the Unification Church; they know what it was like when they entered. Parents opposed it, the environment opposed it, everything opposed it, they threw away school and went out with the mobilization team, and whatever they did, they must be able to go beyond that. But if they think they cannot go beyond that, even if it is miserable, and complain, "Oh, I did this in the past, but the teacher doesn't recognize it," that is absolutely unacceptable.  
The only necessary requirement is that without having the heart beyond what you had when entering the Unification Church, you cannot participate in this position. You must understand this fact. Here, who are the older people, Lee Sang-heon, Kim In-cheol, Hwang Hwan-chae, Kim Young-hwi, Yoo Gwang-ryeol, all... What conditions are needed? What kind of heart is needed before entering the Unification Church? "The heart beyond when entering." You need the heart beyond when entering. That is how it must be. You cannot be in a position less than the resolution and start you had when entering the Unification Church. From today, if you do not have that heart, you must bow down and fast and pray, even if your head breaks and you are insulted, you must say you will return to the pioneering evangelism. You must eat barley rice and eat millet flour. Without this, the Republic of Korea will perish. The world will perish. If you cannot establish this succession, there is no hope for the world.  
It is shameful to give this kind of instruction centered around these things that you do not want to see, which have lived as they pleased until now. I am ashamed. But it cannot be helped. Think about it. Should it be like that or not? "It should be like that." In the past, it was the time to follow the teacher. But now is the time for you to take the lead. You must go. You must do the work that the teacher did.  
To restore the inheritance of the eldest son, you must digest and absorb the world of Satan.  
You see, from 1957, when I started pioneering evangelism, the teacher slept only two hours a day for seven years. He prayed all night with the members. You must do that work. Do you understand? So, when I started a new world in the 1960s, I prepared and trained for seven years to win with a 20-year course that would not be ashamed before heaven. When I felt sleepy, I said, "If you sleep, you will be a dropout in the 21 years, the third 7-year course! How can you sleep?" I made that determination. How much persecution is there? "If such persecution comes, will you retreat? If you receive all kinds of slander and schemes from the enemy, will you retreat? ... It has all been fulfilled. 'I will go. I will definitely go.' This is the fact from 20 years ago. I have come through like this. Did you understand this clearly? "Yes."  
You cannot be in a position less than the feelings you had when entering the Unification Church. You should not even start. If you cannot do it, do not start at all. Do you understand? "Yes." If you cannot do better than that, do not start. Even if you want to start, you must fast for another week and go with the determination to die. If you are looked down upon and a dog in the neighborhood poops next to you, even if you have to hold the poop, even if you have to roll in it, if you struggle saying, "I will walk this path," heaven will cooperate. At that time, heaven will not abandon you. As long as I do not get tired, heaven will not abandon me. Just like that...  
You are told to do this kind of work to lay your foundation. Now, the era of indemnity has passed. I see that the era of indemnity has passed. The era of opposition has also passed. It is the same in Korea, right? How is it? The era of opposition has passed, right? Now, in a year or two, everything will be over. If viewed from the time of Jesus, 33 years have passed centered on the teacher. That is all principled. If we look at the teacher, he is 63 years old, 64 years old in Korean age. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." You must finish it within three years. Do you understand? We must become a family that is not ashamed before the nation. At most, it will only take three and a half years. In that time, the teacher will lay the global economic foundation. Since you have suffered, if you need a house, there will be money to build a house. Do you understand what I mean?  
So, what must you do by fighting here? You must rise from the position of the younger son and restore the inheritance of the eldest son. It is the emotional eldest son, emotional. You must restore the rights of the eldest son centered on love. Since it has been defiled by love, through Cain, who has defiled love, rather than through war and struggle, you must absorb and digest the world of Satan from a voluntary standpoint under the premise of love, and with heavenly love, influence it. And the elder brother must go to the parents and return to heaven, saying, "You must guide my path. I have no qualifications in everything, so please inherit all this." When he returns, he must bow his head and return in a shameful manner as the eldest son.  
When returning together, although he went out as the younger son, what does he return as? "The eldest son." Since he has become the eldest son, he stands here to inherit the lineage, so he must rise from here. Then how will you do this? Can you rise like this? "No." Can you rise like this? "No!" No, you must go out again.  
You must fight again.  
Here, you go out as a servant of servants and return as a servant, and you go out as a servant and come to the position of a child. You create teaching materials and show the example of education, doing such work. In this way, Satan must recognize it. What do you return with after receiving God's recognition? You return after doing indemnity as Abel, winning voluntarily on the path of indemnity conditions, and establishing the rights of the eldest son centered on natural order. By returning like this, you make a leap to the next stage.  
Now, can you just go up from here? It is the same. That is why the teacher's whole life is a life of struggle. The teacher's life is a life of fierce struggle. The more you go, the more it is a historical struggle. I was imprisoned in the North, I fought in court in Korea, and I fought in court in America. It must also connect to Germany. However, because there is a foundation of spiritual victory, if humans do well, they will pass. Do you understand what I mean?  
You must go and find this. You must go from the position of the younger son, take the path of indemnity restoration, and then what happens? You return, right? What do you return as? "The eldest son." The eldest son. When returning, who do you bring back? You bring back the elder brother to restore him. By bringing him back, you inherit the tradition of the mother's love. You can stand before the mother.
Because of this, it is through Abel that the parents are to return; Adam and Eve themselves cannot return. Do you understand? Cain is also to return through Abel; Cain cannot return by himself. That is the principle, right? That is the principle. Can we just go from here? Is it possible or not? This principle is the same. Then, do we have to go out from here? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." What happens next? We return, right? Who do we return with? Do we return alone? "We bring Cain." We bring Cain. The three sons must always be brought along. The three nations must always be brought in… So the teacher must also bring in three nations, three nations. We must include Korea, Adam, Eve, and the archangel. From the teacher, we must bring in four nations. So we hold Japan, the United States, Germany, and Korea. That's how we study Germany. The external world is the world of the archangel and the realm of Eve. The global archangel realm is the United States, which has economic power, and the global Eve realm is Japan, which also has economic power. And the global Cain realm, the Cain realm of heaven, is Germany. Do you understand? If we combine the economies of these three countries, the world will unite. The world of Satan will completely come over to us. Because all things will be restored, we will completely inherit. There is no time to discuss the details. 

So, who do we bring? These things… Then do we have to go out again? Can we just go up? Can we go up or not? "No." Yes, we can, right? "No." Why not? We cannot do the condition of indemnity restoration. We cannot do the indemnity restoration here. If we could do the indemnity restoration at home, God would not have sent Jesus, nor would He have made the beloved Jewish people suffer, nor would He have made world religions suffer until now. Religions must be persecuted and must be insulted to develop. That is how it is, right? Why is that? According to this principle, religion develops only when it voluntarily seeks the path of death. This is based on this principle. Is that clear? "Yes." This corresponds with historical facts. That is unavoidable. That is the truth. It is the truth of the restoration of the fallen world.

So, should we go out or not? "We must go out." How should we go out? The path of Jacob is the path of the second son, but what kind of path is Abel's path? The path that voluntarily goes through the course of restoration is Abel's path. Therefore, the condition of indemnity is established. Because the condition of indemnity is established, the restoration of the substance becomes possible. It is about receiving one's own sovereignty, the sovereignty of the firstborn, and the right of inheritance of the firstborn. In fighting, this is a global championship. We must win here and return to go up. How do we return from here? How do we return? (Speaking while writing on the board) Like this.

Then you will surely understand. To teach, we must teach this well. We must explain why this is all necessary. Should we stay still, or should we go up? Staying still is fine, right? "We must go out." It is fine to stay still, right? "We must go out." Let's stop. We must repeat that, repeat it. So, members of the Unification Church say, "Teacher Moon uses a stereotypical method… suffer again, go out again, and do that again. How many times will we do it?" How many times? We must do it eight times.

Now, we must go out. (Laughs) Do you not want to go out? Is it good? "……" Do you not want to go out? "It is painful, but we must go out." (Laughter) Why, why? It is painful, but why must we go out? For what reason? "Because it is the path of Abel." It is the path of Abel. The path of Abel is the path that the father walks, the beloved older brother walks, the beloved sister walks, the beloved wife walks, and the beloved parents walk, and the beloved children must walk. Can we not go? Since it is the path that the parents walk, we must go. We must go to find God. We must go to find righteous people. We cannot not go. I am trying to walk the path of life, not the path of death or hell, so I am seeking the path of Abel through the course of restoration. Is that clear?

Unification Church members must walk the global path of indemnity of Abel.

Therefore, the teacher says to you all, "Suffer until you die, suffer, and suffer until the nation becomes one before the will; just keep suffering." That one sentence encompasses everything. And we fight, right? We must be persecuted. We cannot avoid persecution. Satan is trying to kill us. Japan is trying to kill us, Korea is trying to kill us, the established church is trying to kill us, Judaism is trying to kill us, and in America, they want me dead, they want me dead. Why do they hate so much? If they do not hate, can the condition of indemnity be established or not? Can the condition of indemnity be established or not? "No." It must match globally to be sought globally.

Then, who must we bring? Who do we bring? "Cain." Why must we bring Cain? "To restore the older brother." Of course, it is to restore the older brother, but it is also to meet the mother, to meet the mother. Alone, neither Cain nor Abel can meet the mother. Because of the fall, that is how fate has become. Only when Abel and Cain go together can they meet the mother, and with that mother, they go to find the place where the father is. 

Then the father will finally resolve all the grievances of heaven and earth and bring Cain and Abel before God. That is how it is. Do you understand why we must bring Cain? Why, why? "To meet the mother." Do you want to meet the mother? Why must we meet the mother? Because true love exists there. That is where love begins. That is where the restoration of indemnity begins… Abel, who brings his older brother, looks up to heaven and is grateful, looks down at the earth and is grateful, and looks at the sea and is grateful, saying, "This is what God's love and the love of the parents are like." 

How sorrowful it has all been. For 6,000 years, having lost the master, what was once mine has become something that has lost its master, so how sorrowful it has been. Holding onto everything and shedding tears, I cannot help but love. I understand the heart of the mother. Do you understand what that means? Going before the mother and serving her… The mother must switch the two sons. When Jacob blessed Ephraim and Manasseh, he did it by switching them, right? Do you understand? He blessed the younger as the older and the older as the younger. The providence of history has become like that.

Therefore, symbolically, heaven will make everything return. That is why we can educate theoretically that God is a historical God. This is the proud ideology of the Unification Church. Do you understand what I mean?

Park Yoon-seo! "Yes." You do not have to go, do you? "I will go." You do not have to go, right? "I will go." Anyone, anyone, everyone must go, everyone. After going, then you must find a job. Do you understand? "Yes." Then the time will come when you have to feed your own children. Until now, I have bought a house, but I am here. I do not want to go to that house. The mother keeps saying to go. Until this time, I am trying not to go. 

When I come to Korea next time, I will not be here, and I will leave this house to someone else, and I will go. Then you cannot complain about the teacher living with a house.

For the world, I am taking the global path of indemnity that you could not take and that Christianity could not take. That is how it is. Now the teacher has come to the age where he can acquire ownership. The time has come when I can have ownership. Now, even if I spend a lot of money, you cannot complain. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Even if I catch ten cows and throw a feast for all the people of the world, you cannot complain if I do not give you even a single hair from the cow. 

Why, why? For you, spiritually, it is the era of substance, but economically, we must go through the era of imprisonment. To save the people of the world, I must use my own money to help them. Just as Jacob subdued Esau. Even if I catch ten or a hundred cows to feed the people of the world, can you complain about that? "No." Even if I ask you to live in a pigsty, can you complain? "No." You cannot complain. You must feed the people of the world well.

We must sacrifice the Unification Church to walk the path for the established church and the nation.

So, we must win here… To return from the era of the mother to the era of the father, the woman must bring her children. From here, we go through the environment of the nation and return to Adam, to the husband. Do you understand? Jeong Dae-hwa! Are you going to your husband? Now, you must take your husband to Germany, right? He cannot come. All the children… Only with the condition that such indemnity has been established can you find your husband. The mother is also walking that path. The mother followed without knowing, but she is meant to walk that path.

From here, the two will finally return. Up until here, it was alone, but from here, they will return and become one, bringing their children, centered around the son-in-law, and centered around God. You must understand that the path of restoration goes through eight stages. When did you walk the path of indemnity restoration? Until now, the teacher has set conditions to indemnify the mistakes made by Christianity. The Unification Church was not for religion, but for the nation. Do you understand? Until now, the Unification Church has sacrificed itself to save this nation. The Unification Church is about sacrifice. It has come out sacrificing itself for the nation. The Unification Church sacrifices itself to save the established church. That is why the budget of the Unification Church headquarters was less than that of the interdenominational budget, and the budget of the Victory Alliance was several times larger. Do you understand? What does that mean? The Unification Church is not fighting to save the established church, but is moving forward for the older brother and the nation. The established church and the nation are Cain and Abel. They are the great Cain and Abel. Therefore, these three must unite to become a condition. Do you understand? "Yes." Do you understand clearly? "Yes."

So, do you want to walk the path of Abel or the path of Cain? "The path of Abel." Raise your hand if you want to walk the path of Abel. Then, is the path of Abel a path of volunteering or a path of being commanded? "It is a path of volunteering." Since I have taught you this, you will go, but based on this, the legal era will come, the wishes of the heavenly nation will be fulfilled, and the sectarian divisions of the heavenly nation will unfold. Until now, you could not have ownership. You are not allowed to have ownership. You do not even have the value to own. Ownership must be in a position where you can serve your parents and inherit all of God's achievements. You have lost your ownership. Right now, ownership is under the realm of Satan, not the ownership of the heavenly nation.

However, because of this victorious foundation of the teacher, and because the teacher can have ownership centered on the economic foundation, we have entered the time when we can find ownership. Therefore, the economic foundation that can indemnify by recognizing the Christian foundation will all be completed in these seven years. After liberation, for seven years, I tried to connect the material world and the spiritual world, but I could not do it. 

That is why, from the perspective of connecting it in those seven years, the teacher has entered the stage where he can have ownership. Therefore, I am in a position to have the ownership of the parents.

All property is through whom? Through their responsible Abel, through the mother. By offering it to God through the father, it becomes God's possession, and then it becomes the parents' possession again. After that, it must become your possession. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Yes, the property of the Unification Church is in the Unification Church, but it is all the teacher's property. Moreover, is the teacher's property just the teacher's? It is offered back to God. Everything on earth is both the teacher's possession and God's possession. 

Abel is someone who suffers more, sacrifices more, and fulfills the duty of loyalty and filial piety.

Now, you all… You do not need ownership. If you have ownership, the restoration of indemnity becomes more difficult. So, ownership is not necessary. Ownership is only for offerings, offerings. What is an offering? It is blood, sweat, and tears. With the money earned through hard work, you build an altar and lay down your legs… Wearing clothes is also a great love, and you must wear blood-stained clothes out of compassion for them. If you are beaten and bleed… How miserable that beating must be. You must live with affection for that clothing to be worn. The path of restoration is to be able to change clothes while shedding tears for the older brother and praying, "May our older brother not perish." 

It is astonishing. So, for thousands and tens of thousands of years, history is extended. Do you understand? You cannot live with my money. What I have is only the tithe given by heaven. It is possible. With this tithe, I save and buy cars and buy clothes for my wife, but I cannot do that freely. You have no ownership. Do you understand? Only after finding myself, my spiritual self, can I receive the time to inherit the benefits of indemnity from the parents who have achieved material victory. If you have ownership, you must possess it as heavenly property. If you understand, you must offer it here and register it in heaven in God's name… That is God's possession.

Then, everything that has been offered becomes established as the parents' possession, and if the parents share it, it is to be made your own. Even if they do not share, Abel cannot complain if it is given for the sake of the siblings. Is that right? "Yes." Abel cannot complain. The principle will also apply to the families of the heavenly nation in the future. Who will inherit? It will be those who say they will walk the path of Abel. Those who can do that among siblings, those who voluntarily walk the path that the whole is contradictory will surely receive the right of inheritance from the parents. Do you understand? Because of this principle, the Unification Church cannot have heresies arise in the future. The Unification Church cannot have a non-mainstream established outside of the mainstream.

When among so many people, who is the mainstream, who is genuine? It is the one who suffers more, the one who is more in the position of Abel. It is the one who fulfills the duty of loyalty and filial piety from the position of the principle, so regardless of the era, future generations will enter the mainstream. There will be a foundation that can repent without hesitation and follow. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." The one who works more publicly, the one who voluntarily goes from a position of greater concern is Abel. When the two fight, who will walk more the path of Abel? Here, knowledge is not the issue. The emotional aspect is the problem; it is not about skill. It is about the qualitative emotional issue. Loving siblings, loving the nation… Parents should be happier to love their siblings than to love themselves, and they should be happier to love the nation than to love their own family. That is the ideology of the Unification Church. Do you understand? The leaders of the Unification Church should be able to rejoice more in loving the sovereigns of the world than in being loved by their own family. That is the standard.
Yes. Do you understand? "Yes" Are you sure you understand? "Yes" There are no non-mainstream members in the Unification Church. That is why we conclude that it cannot become a sect of fighting factions like established churches.

In this perspective, the leaders should reflect. When all the members are suffering and coming in, they are taking a nap. Sitting comfortably, playing around, eating rice and meat with the money raised from fundraising? You kids! You need to understand that this is scarier than cutting off your children's legs. When you can love those people like your tribe, like your older brother, like your younger brother, like your son, like your daughter, and even more than that... 

Now, what is left for us is nothing but practice.

What is your name? "Jo Nam-ki." Are you asking for several million won? You brat! "That’s not true." I heard that you asked Sang-don for how much? Was that true or not? Answer me. Was that true or not? Is that a lie, Sang-don? What is your name? "Jo Nam-ki." Jo Nam-ki. Was that true or not? Answer me. "Yes, it was." Do you want to receive that? "No, I don’t want it." You don’t want it? "Yes." Mr. Moon! "Yes." Don’t give it. Why give it when you said you don’t want it? You brats! This is the kind of trick you play. You will receive heavenly punishment. Your ancestors will be implicated too.

I live like this because of this. Even without a house, I am scattering money around the world, giving everything without reservation... I know that this terrible law is behind me as I walk, and I do this to not sacrifice the suffering members of the Unification Church, to save them. Did you understand this clearly? "Yes." Because of this principle, if I die and my grave is in Korea, all the materials of the world, gold and treasures, will automatically accumulate centered around the mountains and rivers where my grave is located. The procession to receive the signature of the person who replaces this will cross Busan and Japan to receive the heavenly ownership and the decision of inheritance. Will Korea do well then, or not?

I have dedicated everything I have to God. I am giving everything. Even if God says, "This is all yours," for the sake of future generations... Is the teacher doing this or not? Are they doing this or not? 

Speak up. "They are doing it." You need to understand this clearly. You need to understand it clearly. You should not have possessions. Even if you are hungry... 

In the past, I really hated feeding the cows. So I would tie them up in the neighboring fields. After about half a day, someone would come to feed them, but when no one came, the cow would moo. That cow, that one... But the cow doesn’t give up its owner just because the owner doesn’t come out; it is just happy to see them, even if they come late. So I thought I should be like that in front of my purpose. It feels like just yesterday. Now, having lived over 60 years, I am here in front of a communal graveyard. I may be speaking loudly in front of you all, but you all have become my neighbors, haven’t you? In fact, there is nothing left to use. Have you all received the seeds? Did you all receive the seeds? "Yes." Then it’s okay to cut them and eat them all, right? (Laughter) Should I not cut them and let them live? But instead, you have to walk the path of indemnity.

So, did you understand clearly? "Yes." Didn’t I teach you this clearly? You didn’t know that the path of indemnity would be like this? How nice it would have been if I had taught you in advance. If I had taught you in advance, you would all be caught. Now that the time has come, I will accomplish all this and build a solid wall, a mud wall, and you all...

The Unification Church has laid the groundwork for a global organization.

Now we have created the jumping platform and everything. We have made this platform. We have even attached the ropes, the rubber bands. If it is like this, when you pull it, it will... Let go! You can’t even hold on to this, you brats! You are being told to die. We have made everything, but you won’t do it? God has taken 6,000 years to establish such principles—6,000 years of biblical history—and I have taken 60 years, and you will take 6 years or even 6 months. You won’t even take 6 months; you will take less than 6 months. When the Unification Church is good, it won’t even take 6 months. A day will come in the not-so-distant future when people will say, "Hey, we need to believe in the Unification Church."

This year, over a thousand people attended the Principle Workshop as PhD candidates. Do you know what that means? "Yes." There are many people who are more excellent than Dr. Yoon. More than a thousand people studied the principles of the Unification Church this year. Do you understand? Think back to 20 years ago. Just one police officer would come, and they would brag, and even a deacon would stay up all night, praying with their butt in the air, trying to eat something deeply buried. Think about how they prayed with their butt facing the sky back then compared to now. The fact that they have laid the groundwork that they can volunteer to do is amazing. You may not know, but it is already all set. You think it’s like midnight, but it’s all done.

How many will there be next year? About 3,000? "Yes." It’s limitless, limitless. If you want to do it, you can do it as much as you want. I will provide the money, not Kwon Jeong-hwan. Moreover, I created our organization and laid all the groundwork. It’s a dreamlike situation.

World theologians, although they oppose it in established churches, the world’s top theologians are all dancing. They are studying the thought of the Unification Church.

Let me tell you one thing. There is a famous lawyer among the Jews, and I met the president of the New York City Bar Association seven years ago. This person is someone who Harvard University promotes as the top figure among Jews. He is not someone who wants to make money as a lawyer. He has made money as a lawyer, but he has become a wealthy Jew... Jews have a knack for making money. In planning new poetry, he has a genius talent. He is a champion at persuading the government and getting permits. This person came to hear the teacher’s words during the Madison Square Garden event. Because he was such a problematic person, he came to see what kind of person he was, what kind of author he was...

He came to listen, thinking he would judge like a king of criticism, like a judge. But upon listening, he found the content to be extraordinary. This person has had the greatest interest in adults. He believes that no one can compete with him when it comes to talking about adults. He thinks like that. He knows very well what Confucius said, what Buddha said, and what Muhammad or Jesus said. He thinks he knows everything. He considers himself a champion in that regard.

That is why he thought, "What kind of person is Reverend Moon that he is causing such a stir?" So he came to evaluate and uncover it. After researching, he found that the depth is limitless. The breadth is limitless. When he sees this, he thinks that established churches can’t even compete with elementary school students (laughter), and that established churches are nonsense. In fact, they are nonsense. There is no substance. No matter how much you fish, there is only water. But when he sees the thought of the Unification Church, it is amazing. He believes that theoretically, it can unify the world and more.

What they desire is the Messiah. They believe that the Messiah must be such a person. A person who overcomes communism and moves America into God’s will is the Messiah. The Jews believe this.

So he threw away all his business and came because he knows that if Jews oppose the Unification Church, they will be punished historically. They faced the massacre of six million by opposing Jesus and endured two thousand years of suffering; how long will that suffering last if they oppose Reverend Moon? He is a person who can think like that. So he prays earnestly. If the Unification Church falls in America, Jews will be persecuted as well... Because the Unification Church has appeared as a champion throughout history, he realizes that opposing it would be a big problem, and he fully supports it.

The Unification Church is laying the groundwork for a global economic base.

He thinks it’s nothing special. It’s a contest of strength. He believes that the only way is to make the Unification Church rich with his money and pit it against wealthy Jews. So he has come to me, asking to set up a business plan, and now he is working on it. They are currently building convenient housing in New Haven, which corresponds to 40 million dollars. They are also building 700 apartments along the Hudson River. When wealthy couples grow old, they have nowhere to go. So they want to visit scenic spots and enjoy boating... These days, there has been a yacht craze in America. The best place is only about 3 kilometers from where we live. They are building seven 13-story buildings in modular form. I am currently researching this modular building globally. That person said, "In a year, I will donate 100 million dollars to you." So recently, when I needed 10 million dollars, I paid it immediately. This is what we are doing now.

What is that person’s dream? He believes that since all Jews have sinned, they need to be forgiven... So now, what is he doing? Since there is a backlash against the Unification Church, the core of Judaism, the direct descendants of Moses, or the 62nd generation leader, is like a pope in the Jewish nation. That is like a bishop in New York. What is it? "Rabbi." It’s like a bishop in Catholicism. He is responsible for the church and everything, and all negotiations are finished, and he is now returning.

So he is fully supporting and cooperating. He says that the Messiah has come when he sees me. He says that I am not someone else’s Messiah. He is doing such work now. In such a situation, you, who are like dung beetles, are sitting here, thinking you will die like this, giving everything to them and packing your bags to be chased to Africa? That’s what is happening now.

And now, when I have just 10 million dollars, I can immediately borrow 80 million dollars from the bank. Once I have 10 million dollars, 80 million dollars will come out of the bank just like that. When this 80 million dollars comes out, just the interest will amount to several hundred million. It will be 300 million at once. Do you understand? The Middle Eastern tycoons are involved, the Jewish tycoons are involved, and the American tycoons are involved. If the teacher needs it, it will just come.

Do you know about that? You don’t know, do you? "Yes." Also, do you know that I have a jewelry factory in France? In Paris, France. It has become a factory that is currently a problem in the world. Who can follow our ideas? How many years has it been in France? Almost a hundred years? "Yes." Companies with such a history have completely lost to us in design. So when we have the exhibition, all the merchants in Las Vegas will try to imitate our designs. The design of Christian Bernard is what becomes an issue. Because we design based on such brilliant ideas, they are trying to welcome us with the best places in Las Vegas and New York, and among gold merchants, they are all trying to snatch each other’s businesses. Do you understand what that means?

Because of this opportunity, we have opened fifteen jewelry stores in America this year. If we open about a hundred, we will be in the top eight. If we open 500, we will be in the top one, two, or three. We will completely dominate the global jewelry market. To do that, we are currently in the process of acquiring the best diamond mines in Central Africa. "Yes." We are currently in the process of getting the president’s signature. That is something that is not given to anyone. The British have been exploiting diamonds, and we are creating routes centered around Africa...

We have done this as well. So even today, I have made a payment of one million dollars regarding that. How many will there be next year? "35." 

Is that all? We have set up convenient stores. What is that? In America, because people work eight hours, they close the doors at five o’clock, which causes quite an inconvenience. So we have created convenient stores. They will be open 24 hours a day, centered around important villages. Then, about a thousand people will come and go. We are starting with a standard of 5,000. Right now, there are twenty-seven, but when it reaches a hundred, there will be no problem reaching 5,000 within five years. When we make this, 5 million people will pass by our center in America every day, 5 million. That means 5 million people will pass by.

When that happens, we will control all economic power in America, and I will control all the candidates running for the House and Senate. So America is in big trouble. "How did that guy, like a goblin, create all this in just a few years...?" 

You must have confidence and fight to conquer the world of Satan.

And also, when we engage in the fishing business, we are the only ones. Should I talk about the boats? The boat I made is called "One Hope," and it’s a new model. Rather than just a new model, I designed it all myself. I have been on boats for seven years, so I am number one when it comes to boats. I am the best, a champion in fishing. I am the best in everything. I am the world’s best. I have become the king of tuna fishing. (Laughter) I am truly the king. If I give a lecture on tuna fishing, famous players will come.

That is why I researched and built the boat for the first time, but when the wind blows, ordinary boats go thump-thump, but this one goes swish-swish. It is designed to look elegant. If it were a woman, it would be a beauty, and if it were a man, what would it be? "A handsome man." A handsome man. So when others see it, they all want to follow it, and when it is docked, even the dock owner... (Demonstrating with actions. Laughter) The neighborhood kids also want to touch it... When they see it, they are not only interested, but they are so excited that it makes them feel sick. I have completely reinforced all the lacking parts. Because I made it this way, it can also be used as a coastal patrol boat. So when the waterfront police station asked if they could order it as a patrol boat, I said no. I said, "The 'One Hope' will not be made until we fulfill the contract for 300 units with the Unification Church in Japan."
When you fill in the gap, a machine gun is installed. Within 30 minutes... No one knows. 
The designer currently making submarines in Japan is one of our family. This time, Germany 
is also fully involved. The head designer of our famous automatic machinery company is one 
of our family. I placed him there. The Japanese people don’t know that. 
Even the Japanese family doesn’t know. Is the teacher great? (laughter) Is the teacher great 
or admirable? Great and admirable, and then? It’s ecstatic. (laughter) That’s how it is, 
you have to acknowledge it in reality.
 That’s why I have the confidence to do this work and have fought until now, even engaging 
in legal battles... Even if I end up sitting in prison, I can work; legal battles are easier 
than eating breakfast or dinner, or sleeping. That’s how it is. How can you achieve great 
things otherwise? To achieve great things, you have to graduate from the prison door and 
overcome it; those who die halfway through become losers. But those who overcome become 
victorious; otherwise, you cannot conquer the world of Satan. To solve all these issues...
 You need to build a foundation domestically and prepare to go abroad.

Now, due to the German company, I will soon be going to Moscow, Soviet Union. If I decide 
to buy a factory elsewhere, the minister will come and negotiate. If I throw a tantrum, it 
will naturally happen. 
Considering these facts, what are you all worried about? 
So what are you worried about, is there anything? How many people are there in these 430 
families? All together about 200 people? Like little ants.
 So, keep that in mind... What I think is, starting from now, I will train you all, make 
you go through hardships, and for those who have gone through hardships, I will try to 
bring everyone out to foreign countries, regardless of whether they are good-looking or 
not, understand? Where did the president of Unification Industries go? What’s your name? 
“Hong Chung-woon.” Hong Chung-woon? The youngest, Hong the youngest. (laughter) What 
does the character 'Chung' mean? It’s the spring character (春), it’s not Hong Chung-woon, 
it’s Hong Chun-woon, that pronunciation is nice. (laughter)
 For the work of heaven, at a time like this, you need a passport to go abroad, right? 
That’s necessary. So even if I incur some losses now, I think that way. I don’t have any 
expectations for Hong Chung-woon. I don’t have expectations! “I will work even harder.” 
What good does it do to work hard, is it only to make a mess? (laughter) Let’s be honest. 
My words are correct. It doesn’t matter whether it exists or not. 
“I will do anything.” Ah, do anything. Even if you try to do anything, it didn’t work, 
did it? Since it didn’t work, it’s better not to do things that don’t work at all. “I am 
continuing. I feel like I have a time bomb these days.” If you have a time bomb, what 
will you do when it explodes? Words sound good. I am also quite gentlemanly, so I get 
deceived easily. (laughter) I am quick with calculations and quick with assessments, but 
being easily deceived is a sin. What sin is that? It’s the only sin of being a teacher of 
the Unification Church, having the name of the True Parents. 
That’s how I think.
 Now, if that’s enough, have you regained your senses? Are you normal, in the same 
position as before? “I have.” You have? “Yes.” Now, have you been brainwashed or not? 
(laughter) Raise your hand if you think you have been brainwashed. Oh dear! (laughter) 
This is more of a factual statement than brainwashing. Think about it, would I engage in 
this play if I were not inferior to you? Because I have seen the world’s uproar, and I 
have confidence that it will definitely be like this theoretically, I have started and 
come this far, and the world has become like this. Do you understand?
 Now, when it comes to Reverend Moon, how should I put it? He is someone who cannot be 
met casually by anyone. The president of the New York Times, the president of the 
Washington Post cannot meet Reverend Moon. No matter how much they want to meet, if they 
boycott at the door, they think, 'That person is capable enough to do that.' Do you 
understand? I have reached a position where I don’t need to meet the president of a small 
country. This time, Kwak Jeong-hwan met the president, right? I have reached that 
position.
 So from now on, you all must engage in training centered around the international stage. 
I will make you go through hardships for the next 5 to 7 years. To prepare for activities 
abroad, you need to engage in exemplary activities domestically for about 3 years. After 
that, all conditions for indemnity will end. Everything will be over within 3 years. 
I think of bringing you, who have become like this, to the global stage. Is that good or 
bad? “It’s good.” Is it good or bad? “It’s good.” That’s not a lie. This time, I went to 
Germany and bought a hotel. I also set up a large exhibition sales venue for 6.2 million 
marks, and I bought a castle for 3 million marks, and I have made everything... And then 
there's the factory accident...
 So in April next year, I need to invest about 200 million. It’s not 200 million won. 
How much is it? “Marks.” It’s not 200 million marks, it’s 200 million dollars. Is 200 
million dollars a lot or a little? Is it little or a lot? “It’s a lot.” How many loads would 
that be? The question is how to carry out a plan that can achieve that. It’s not easy. 
'The teacher has not a penny in his wallet, in his wallet. That’s why when that day comes... 
To sit at the highest position, one must go through the path of suffering.
 For about 3 or 4 years, I will lay the economic foundation, and then next year, I will 
build a factory in South America. So people are already here. The president of the 
company is taking the design and is going to receive 40 days of training this time. In 
the spring, I will build a factory in South America. If that doesn’t work, if I can buy a 
factory, I must buy it. It must be bought. I will establish a factory in Africa. 
I am currently preparing for that.
 No matter how good the technology in Germany is, they cannot compete with the teacher 
in price. It’s done through our family in South America. As long as they are fed... They 
all know about the conditions of indemnity and restoration. (laughter) Even if you feed a 
dog, it will work. They cannot complain. Isn’t that right? “That’s right.” So you all 
should not complain. Do not complain. If you do not complain for several years, you can 
turn the world into heaven in an instant, so I am telling you not to complain. Do you 
understand? “Yes.” Do as I say. If you do, it will work.
 And the people in Africa, I have given orders in Zaire. Because so many people keep 
coming in asking for help, I told them not to do that too much since there are always 
people. Did I help with 20,000 dollars the other day? “Yes.” There are too many people, 
that’s the problem. As long as you feed them, if you say, 'Come here, everyone,' they 
will say 'Yes,' and if you say, 'Go there,' they will say 'Yes.' If you build a factory 
there and give them rides, they will fly away. That’s how it is. These people will work 
as long as they are fed, and they won’t complain even if they work 24 hours; do their 
heads differ from those of East Asians? How are their heads? Do they look like monkey 
heads or human heads? “Human heads.” Human heads. When it comes to eating, there’s not 
much difference from you. They might be better than you. They run better than you. 
They run better than even Satan.
 They eat, play, and sleep well, but when they enter the Unification Church, there is a 
path of indemnity and restoration, so what is there to play? They won’t complain even if 
they are active 24 hours. So, I will create a blueprint and establish large factories in 
the world. If there are 100 parts of a machine, if each factory produces one part, as 
each part drops, one machine will come out. How do you sell that? How do you mass-produce 
that part and where do you send it? You send it to Japan, to Japan. When you send it to 
Japan, you borrow the name of a famous company in Japan. 'Please lend me your company’s 
name. Let’s sell it under your company’s name,' and they will gladly lend it to you. 
Do you understand? Then, after borrowing, in 3 years, the roles will be reversed. 
Do you understand?
 Germany is the same; after we create the exhibition sales, many companies in Germany will 
come here and negotiate with us, asking us to sell their machines. When that happens, 
they will say, 'Please lend us your company’s name,' and when we say, 'Why?' they will 
respond, 'We will lay the global foundation with your company name,' and they will say, 
'Yes! Yes!' After that, it doesn’t matter if several hundred million are left. That’s 
why good factories belong to whose factory? “Father’s factory.” Our factory. (laughter) 
What would the father do with all that? You guys, it’s our factory. It’s our factory, 
and whose factory is it? “...” It’s my factory, my factory.
 At that time, what should I say? 'Is that person over there? There’s no such person in 
Germany, but when I see him driving, he seems to be at the bottom, but he’s driving a 
500 or 600 Benz.' When I follow him, I find he enters a well-known company. When I 
follow his tail, I see him sitting in the chairman’s seat. Such dreamlike things will 
happen right before your eyes.
 Does that sound appealing? “Yes.” Does it sound appealing? “Yes.” If it sounds 
appealing, you must first get spanked. You cannot avoid being spanked. Even if it sounds 
appealing, you must go through the path of suffering to pass the high school exam. 
It’s the same. Can you pass without going through the path of suffering? In Germany, we 
are currently buying boats, factories, and engaging in fisheries. This is a big deal. So 
keep that in mind...
 The home church is the exhibition hall where the core of indemnity and restoration is 
gathered.

Everyone sitting here, what are you? Raise your hand if you are a head of an organization? 
Who is the head? There’s not even one head? (laughter) All the heads have submitted their 
resignations, and you still raise your hand? It seems you are planning to make a profit 
internally. (laughter)
 So let’s conclude. My words keep going off on tangents, and it’s quite far to get back. 
But because the teacher’s head is not bad, I will definitely return. (laughter) Even if I 
went to Hawaii across the Pacific, I will come back after playing. (laughter) Why are you 
laughing? It’s true; God has been working for 6,000 years, and the teacher has been 
working for 60 years... How can we indemnify what needs to be indemnified in our time? 
This has been 6,000 years. The teacher’s era has been 60 years. In this era, it will be 
6 years. In this era, let’s set it to 6 months. This is what we want to shorten. (while 
writing) How can we live a life of hardship like this? What God wants is to shorten it, 
and the True Parents’ heart is not wanting to make descendants suffer, so at the minimum 
unit, leaving only the paths that cannot be done, we will cut off everything that can be 
cut off. Do you understand? When buying things, if you just struggle, it is the wish of 
the buyer that the owner sells at a loss, and the seller...
 What is the teacher’s wish in the path of restoration? It is to pass through the lowest line 
of the satanic world and receive the greatest prize. God must study that, and the True 
Parents must study that; isn’t that the theoretical conclusion? Isn’t it? “Yes.” That’s 
why we must do that.
 What has the teacher done throughout his life? He has done this. Do you understand? 
I have been in and out of the country and the world, because it is global. I have been in 
and out globally, and let’s establish the 8 stages of indemnity and restoration as a 
condition on the global stage. What is this? It is centered around 360. The 360 refers 
to 360 houses, and it is all connected. 360 is three times 120. This refers to the 
era of rebirth, the era of growth, the era of completion, the Old Testament era, the New 
Testament era, and the era of the completed covenant. All of it is centered around 12, 
and it is three times that. And 360 is the necessary number in the circular degree. 
Therefore, this can symbolize 360 nations, and it all fits in.
 What this means is that, since it is a global era, it is viewed as one family representing 
the world. Do you understand? What are the 360 families? “World nations...” World 
nations, world economy, world religions, ultimately, the whole world fits in. It is an 
exhibition hall that summarizes everything on the world map. Do you understand? What is 
this? It is an exhibition hall that has gathered the core of indemnity and restoration. 
You must understand this.

Victory in the home church is global victory.
 When the day comes to become a champion here, you know, is there a law that says you 
cannot become a world champion just because the world championship was held at Jangchung 
Gymnasium? Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” The Olympics, the World Championships, 
do they have to be held in New York or Moscow to be champions? If you win at Jangchung 
Gymnasium in Korea, a place without a name, are you not a champion? Are you a champion 
or not? “I am a champion.” You are a champion. That’s the same principle.
 The global championship of the restoration providence, the champion who won on the world 
stage is a champion, but when you knock down this small 360 houses, you will become the 
greatest champion. It’s the same. A champion is a champion, but what kind of champion? 
A champion as a tribal messiah. That’s a global tribe. Do you understand? When you 
connect this tribe, the world will automatically connect.
 Then why must the tribal messiah, the champion, be? It is because we must resolve the 
grievances of Jesus. We must resolve the grievances of the teacher. We must resolve the 
grievances of Adam. What is Adam’s grievance? It is not having an ideal family. You must 
understand that. What is Adam’s grievance? It is not achieving an ideal family. What is 
Jesus’ grievance? It is not having an ideal nation. What is the teacher’s grievance? It 
is not having an ideal world. Do you understand what I mean?
 The home church is what is needed as a condition of indemnity that can resolve the 
wishes of Adam, Jesus, and the teacher.
 The home church is the condition to complete families, to complete nations, and to 
complete the world. Do you understand? It sounds like a dream. What the teacher is 
saying is based on these principles. This history has passed, and under the covenant of 
indemnity and restoration, we have paved the way for champions to come to this point. 
You must understand that this is an amazing fact. Do you understand? “Yes.”
 The path of indemnity starts from the position of a servant of servants.

What must we do when we go to the home church? In the duty of a servant of servants, 
5 percent in the duty of a servant. What’s next? In the duty of a son, 5 percent. What’s 
next? “Illegitimate child.” 5 percent in the position of an illegitimate child. You must 
be treated as a servant of servants. 'You brat, you brat,' and be kicked... The townspeople 
must all do that. That’s where it starts. Are you amazed, are you happy? While being 
amazed, you are also happy. Which is better? Being amazed is less good than being happy. 
Do you understand? Are you happy? You are sad if you are upset. But it is hopeful.
 Such towns always become a problem.
 Right now, even with a trial ahead in America, I have no worries. I don’t worry. I am a 
champion. What does that mean? I have knocked out several.
Yes. It's the same principle, you know? Do you understand? "Yes." The teacher did this for the world, but you can visit all 360 houses in one neighborhood, or all the apartments within 10 minutes. Do you understand? If you knock, knock, knock on each door, you can visit all 360 houses in under 10 minutes. To think you can become a champion with this is just ridiculous. Is 360 apartments a lot? You can visit them in 10 minutes. "I came, I came..." Can't you even do that? That's what you're supposed to do. Do you understand? "Yes."

What do you start with? What do you use to begin the forgiveness? "The bell of the bell." The bell of the bell. What does that mean? Starting from the bell of the bell is the natural order, right? "It's the reverse order." The reverse order. Are you going to force it? "Willingly." "Oh, the teacher told me to go, so I'm going." You don't need to say that. Who goes because someone told them to? "I go because I want to." Who is that? It's me, myself, deciding, "Body, you little rascal, go!" Even if I don't want to, I push myself to go, riding a horse. 

Now, here it is, right here. Do you understand? These 8 steps: one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. It's hard to draw a line, right? So, do you want to take just two steps out of here? (Pointing to what he wrote) Can't you even step outside? Can you go out or not? "I will go out." You can't not go out. You go out every day. What do you do when you go out? You confront people. "I came to this house," "Why did you come?" "I came to find the bell, I came to become a bell," "Okay, go ahead and try." You keep doing it when asked. As you talk, you feel like your own teacher. As you talk, you feel like royalty. As you talk, you feel like you're of royal blood. That's how it becomes.

I've heard that Unification Church people may not look good but they speak well, and it's probably because they speak so well. Do you speak well? You eat well no matter what you get, right? You eat barley rice well, you eat millet rice well, you eat bean rice well, right? The teacher did that kind of work. Has the teacher not played the role of a beggar? He has done it all. He has done everything. There’s nothing he hasn’t done. For me, there is no "no."

Right now, I'm bringing Japanese people to sell machines. They can't even speak, but they shout, "Everyone go out today!" "Go to the German machine factory, meet the factory manager, meet the president, and come back," and even if they can't speak, they go. When they go and are asked where they came from, they write "Japan" in English. They need to know German. Even so, how much... Is that the natural order or the reverse order? "It's the reverse order." How much of a reverse order is that? Is it tragic or comedic? It's a mix of tragedy and comedy. All of that can create scenes for movies. Even while crying, when Europeans see...

Western people only look at the sky and don't know how to look at the ground. Their big eyes make them feel like their eyes will fall if they look at the ground. Because Westerners have big eyes, they only look at the sky, which leads to individualism. If they look at the ground, it feels like their eyes will drop. But Eastern people, you see, have smaller eyes, so they think God has made it well. No matter how much they look down at the ground, they feel like their eyes won't drop.

The home church that can determine God's victory

That's why Western people have been raised up by God to prevent their eyes from dropping, while Eastern people have been made to suffer. Eventually, when they become the harvesters, it will be right. When they sit on top of all those people, lying beneath, there’s nothing for their eyes to drop. That's how restoration happens. That's how it is.

So, what do you do when you go out? By bringing people in, does this go down or up? "It goes up." It goes up. You go out again, and it goes up again, and you go out again, and it goes up again. Do you understand? Can you do home church activities? Yes, you can. Can you do home church activities centered around your living situation? "Yes, we can." How can you do that? You can't do it without establishing the conditions for forgiveness. That's the principle, right? You have to establish the conditions for forgiveness to restore Cain and Abel and restore your wife to be able to live together. But right now, what is it? You haven't been able to go up the 8 stages of conditions for forgiveness.

You’ve been doing it from the 7th stage, but can you start living as soon as you begin? "We have established home church centered on our living house." Well, you’re doing it centered on your living house, but to speak from a principled perspective, even if you have established home church, you can't live together. If you want to live together, you need to do home church quickly.

The whole neighborhood should have all the doors open, meaning when you enter from the north gate, they say, "Welcome," when you enter from the south gate, they say, "Welcome," and when you enter from the west gate, they say, "Welcome." If I enter your house through the north gate, would you try to chase me away? When I enter your house? You little rascals! "In our place, we have a non-aggression pact!" Would you say that? (Laughter) Would you complain or not? Would you welcome me or complain? "We welcome you." Let's go see.

Also, if I enter through the front door, of course, I would be welcomed. Then what about entering through the side door? If I go in and steal the bride while she’s sleeping and carry her out? (Laughter) If I steal the bride, would you shoot me? What would you do? Would you welcome me? (Laughter) You should welcome that. Why? Because when I carry the bride away, if she just follows me, it will be restoration. Do you understand what I mean? (Laughter) That’s the principle. If that’s the case, it’s fine. But I’m not saying I’ll eat the bride or anything like that. If I carry her away and get tired, you all should come and carry her back. After that, you won’t even get a chance to rest. (Laughter) That’s how it is. That’s how it is. There’s no soup left. That’s how it is for you all. You all should go to your houses and open the doors! Open all the doors.

Then something interesting happens; a great transformation occurs. Grandparents, parents, and then children must all sit together and do forgiveness. Then everything will be finished. Do you understand? Then the tribal messiah will be completed. That happens in an instant. At first, it’s hard to start, but once you do, you’ll think, "The Unification Church is good." It will naturally come to that. What are you doing now? "I’m in interdenominational activities." You’ve done interdenominational activities, right? Do you understand now? Do you know what it is? "Yes."

You must understand that if you don’t establish this home church during your lifetime, you won’t be able to see the destination of God’s restoration providence. Throughout your life, with the countless tears of saints and sages over God’s 6,000 years of providential history, the purpose of bringing forth the blood of martyrs, the shortest distance in human history, the destination of cultural history, the destination of political history, and the destination of everything, where can victory be determined? Also, where can all of God’s providence be concluded, and where can God’s victory be determined? Where is it? "Home church." Home church. That home church is a church that happens within the household.

Now, even if you shed tears, you must shed tears for the bride you long for, and if your child is sick, you must walk with a heavy heart. It all goes in. Restoration... In human life, the saddest expression is the saddest expression, and conversely, the happiest expression is the happiest expression, and in a place where both can interact, how can you create a fence that everyone can welcome without complaint? The way this is decided will manifest in eternal heavenly history, and everything will align. Do you understand? Everything will align, even to the heavenly throne. The ranking is decided here. Do you understand what I mean?

The Unification Church has laid a remarkable foundation that can complete the restoration providence.

You must clearly understand that the organization of the heavenly kingdom and the heavenly world is automatically determined on earth. The saying, "What is loosed on earth is loosed in heaven, and what is bound on earth is bound in heaven," refers to this. Do you understand? "Yes." 

From the perspective of the principle, you cannot restore your own clan without restoring the Cain lineage. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." I brought in the head of the literary society in the 1970s, but I didn’t bring him in before that. You are not allowed to love your own kin first. You are not allowed to love them. You must receive recognition for loving the Cain lineage, including Cain’s parents, before you can love your own parents and your own children. You must stand in a position where you can love another’s wife more than her husband, and love another’s husband more than his wife, and love another’s children more than their parents, to start from a position where you can love your own family. Do you understand that?

That’s why God has been restoring people as servants until now, and all the servants on God’s side, all the adopted children, illegitimate children, sons and daughters, and even God Himself... (The recording cuts off momentarily) 

Let’s put it in one word. It sounds like a dream. Even if you say it’s a lie, I wouldn’t know. If you believe it, believe it; if you don’t, don’t. When you think about the content, it’s an incredibly unbelievable fact.

Look. God has been working on the restoration providence until now, and to restore just one Adam... But has He completely restored Adam or not? In human history, it’s said to be 800,000 years. Based on such a long history, has God continued the restoration providence and created one Adam to complete him? He hasn’t. Even Jesus came and left as only half. Isn’t that right? In the Last Days, He has done this until now, and this is also for the restoration of Adam.

You must recognize that the cost of sacrificing countless religions, countless victims, and countless good people until now is immeasurably great. However, the completion of the re-creation of Adam, the completion of the re-creation of the sun, the completion of the re-creation of the family, the completion of the tribe, the completion of the nation, the completion of the world, and even the manifestation of heaven and God, how much of a conditional foundation has been laid to complete all of that... Even if it takes billions of years, the fact that the teacher has accomplished it in one lifetime is something you must recognize.

This is a fact that cannot be heard even after waiting for millions of years in the spirit world. How many spirits in the spirit world would envy the fact that you are alive, using this body, learning this work, and resolving to become a pioneer? This is like a single drop of water in the Pacific Ocean during the historical era. You must recognize that you have participated in the creation of a round droplet. Do you understand what I mean? It’s even more than that. You must recognize that it’s a more astonishing fact than having dived into a grain of sand thrown by God in the Pacific.

If you know this infinite value and don’t go, you must be punished. You must be slandered and punished in the spirit world, which is the law of justice and the law of heaven.

Don’t make excuses. Don’t say this or that to the teacher. If you want to make excuses, go out and practice. That’s all there is to say. Do you understand? Don’t talk uselessly after meeting the teacher. You must understand that no matter how much you plead with the teacher, he cannot do anything. I know this principle well, so I have the responsibility to establish all orders of justice centered on this principle.

The completion of home church that transcends national borders is love.

What this is, is a launching pad for emotional guided missiles. Do you understand? It can be expressed as a launching pad for emotional guided missiles aimed at hitting God’s heart world. Do you understand? If you ignite this and shoot it off, on the day the satellite flies up, what is it? Everything will go smoothly, everything will go smoothly. The happiness of being born as a human begins from there. Don’t you want to do it once?

But what is the fuel here? What is the fuel? It’s the essence of love; you must understand that the essence of love is the fuel. If the essence of love is not the fuel, the fire will not ignite. That essence of love is a higher element than the love of fallen parents on the earth. Without that, there will be no explosion. No matter how big the shape is, it cannot take off.

Therefore, all of you who are responsible for the ministry today, as leaders today, must criticize your worldview, your lifestyle, your past history, our teacher’s history, the history of the Republic of Korea, the current situation of the Republic of Korea, and the future of the Republic of Korea from this perspective. Who has gone in and hit this? No one. But while there hasn’t been until now, I see that there is a possibility that it can happen from today. Then you will be able to speak of your history, and you will be able to speak of the history of the Republic of Korea centered on you, and you will be able to speak of your ancestors’ history centered on you, and you will be able to speak of world history centered on you. The starting point where you can speak centered on you will be prepared. Do you think that will happen? What do you think?

Now, I declare that there are pioneering areas you have developed until now, or perhaps areas of evangelism. There are pioneering areas you went to in the 1970s, but those pioneering areas are all passing by. From now on, we need pioneering areas for home church. This is for 7 months; how many months are left in 7 months? "3 months." Since there are 3 months left, go back and start doing full-fledged home church activities from now on.

To connect this with the nation... Germany has also been instructed to conduct activities for 7 months. You must connect this on a national basis and enter into the home church rights with all the benefits that the teacher has permitted on a global basis. By doing so, I hope that you will all become those who can establish conditions for forgiveness that correspond to these principles and receive the privileged qualifications of the countries you can go to. This is the greatest gift that the parents have granted you upon returning to Korea. What is it? Is it Amen? "Yes." Let’s do it once, Amen. "Amen." Let’s do it louder once. "Amen!" It’s an amazing fact. It’s a dreamlike event.

Because we have established home church, we have transcended national borders. I, Moon, have no borders in the world. I am conducting home church activities in the Soviet Union, Poland, the Czech Republic, China, and anywhere else. Do you understand? Because we have laid a transnational foundation, based on the principle of the world unification rights of Adam culture, centered on the principle, we have laid a foundation that can form the content of the restoration and the progressive content that can align with that principle. With this foundation laid, we can now transcend world borders and do everything.

That’s why for the teacher, it means that he has completed the global John the Baptist rights. That’s what it means. Do you understand? He has completed the global John the Baptist rights in each country. Therefore, we have entered an era where home church is possible across national borders. No matter how much the sovereign opposes it, if we fight, it won’t last long... It won’t last long. Just wait and see. It won’t last long. Any country that opposes will not last long.

Now the time has come when I can pray before heaven. Look.
How much is humanity? "4 billion." It's about 4 billion. If it's 4 billion... 
How much is it per generation? In Korea, we consider it to be five, right? If we take five, how many generations is that? It's about 800 million generations. Isn't that right? Divide 800 million generations by 360, 
how many generations is that? It should be a few hundred thousand. "About 2.23 million." 
If we place 2.23 million generations, the world will be completely surrounded by our activities. Do you understand? South Korea is not that large. 
In order to take charge of home church, a historic migration must take place. 

That's why, knowing this, an automatic migration is happening for this purpose. An automatic migration is occurring. In places like Europe, a migration is currently taking place... I am planning to create a migration zone centered around a buffer highway. A migration is happening. Therefore, the more a country opposes, the more they must give up their positions and go to Africa. They cannot avoid it. They must go, even if they have to sell their homes. They must enter the land of Canaan for welfare. Such a migration is bound to happen. Instead of a world cultural sphere, we are entering an era of migration centered around a unified cultural sphere. That is why the Unification Church is undergoing migration. Japan and Europe... In Europe, centered around England, all European countries must move. Aren't all marriages happening as inter-ethnic marriages? Everyone is doing that. 
In this situation, Mr. Kim, do you want to stay in Korea? Look. If the teacher has come to this era, you must follow. You must go and come back. The teacher will pass through Europe, then South America, then Africa, and through the Middle East and Asia, returning back. The foundation has already been laid. Once the foundation is laid in Europe, everything under it will be connected. When I return, the Korean people will all welcome me. Do you think so? "Yes." They cannot help but welcome me. Whether they want to welcome me or not... 

And when the number of our Unification Church members exceeds that of the South Korean people, we will pay more than three times the taxes of South Korea. Do you understand? We will contribute taxes to South Korea. Do you understand? If South Korea does not accept us, how many times will be deposited in the teacher's account compared to South Korean taxes? Dr. Yoon, how many times will be deposited in the teacher's account? "Three times." Yes, three times. Will that three times the tax be needed by South Korea or not? Even if they stay still, they will need it; they will beg for help, won't they? 

The sovereign of South Korea will need it, and the South Korean people will say, "Please release that money to feed us." It will be like that. However, I do not intend to take what is in my account. If South Korea asks to feed them, I will feed them. If they do not want it, I will feed Japan, and I will try to feed China. If I feed China, it will be even better. Then Asia will return. Do you understand what I mean? 

So this time, I will focus on the Chinese embassy... Who is the current Prime Minister of China? Who is it? "Zhao Ziyang." I don't know if it's Zhao Ziyang or something else, but I will go to meet him. It sounds like a dream, but if I want to meet him, I will meet him. 
When we have about 60 million people, it will be centered around Asia, and Japan will not be a problem. In terms of the economy, if I command, "Everyone pay taxes! Pay three times!" what is three times? It could be a hundred times. That time will come. 

To become the ancestors of that home church activity, 

Now, is the news of home church good news? Here, is the news of family church good news or bad news? "Good news." How good is the news? Is it better when you receive a banquet? "Yes." Look. When grandparents, parents, brothers, and sisters die, the wishes they have had for thousands of years are all fulfilled at once, and it cannot be compared to the joy of all ancestors dancing together. It is incomparable. It is greater than that. Do you understand? "Yes." 

You do not know the spiritual world, do you? You have eyes like dung, so you do not know. When the teacher goes to the spiritual world, will you come to find him or not? "I will come." The home church will be the passageway for coming. You cannot cross without building a bridge. What will you do? You will get stuck. If you do not do home church, the door is wide open, but the passport will not be issued. You must understand that the passage certificate will not be issued. The door is wide open, but the passage certificate is not issued. You cannot do it without going through home church. You must understand clearly. Do you understand? "Yes." It is the same for grandparents, grandmothers, fathers, and mothers. Brothers must also go through the path of home church. 

Then, after home church is completed, we will do workplace church. It will become workplace church. When you go to the sports stadium, you will also do that activity there. The ideology of home church is the core of establishing a world culture in every aspect. In order for the global structure to be completed... That is why, within our organizational authority, there are communists, robbers, and everything... 

I have devoted my whole life to this and worked hard, so why wouldn't I know? If problems arise within the authority of home church, the person responsible for home church has no higher value than that. You must become the ancestors there. Do you understand? "Yes." Do you understand or not? "I understand." 

Hurry up and finish the seven months and come back. Then, the headquarters church, you know, is in Seoul, and we must organize home church and expand all the churches in the future. So, we need to establish a total of 70 churches in Seoul. How many are there now? "Currently, there are 27 churches." 27, we need to create 70 churches. How many members are there in one church? If there are 700 members, we will divide it into 70 churches with ten members each. Do you understand? "Yes." So we must select all of them. 

However, in creating those churches, we will organize home church, and the activity directives for the future are already laid out. We will create a home church triad. Then we will bind individual churches and home churches into a triad. Three people will become one. Then how many is that? 360 times 3 equals 1080? "1080." 1080 families will become one church, corresponding to three groups of families. 

Everything must be handled here. Principle lectures, workshops, everything must be done here. It must all be done here. When the numbers are small, at first, it will be a triad of three people, and with nine people as the center, we will establish a church leader. Then how much is that? We will continue to organize around 3,600 families. Ten teams will develop around one church traditionally. 

How will we act? We must center it around the foundation of home church. After individuals work hard day and night to lay the foundation, we will set a specific day to hold a banquet. In holding the banquet, it is not the individual who does it, but through the headquarters' association president. If there is no association president, we will send people under the association president, nurturing those who can act as representatives in all directions... The start must be done by the association president in Seoul. "Yes." 

To restore through indemnity, do not receive support but become self-reliant. 

How does the United States do it? They created a home church representing 50 states in New York. Then they form sister relationships with that. Centered around 70 churches, focusing on regions and important cities—how many important cities are there these days, about 38?—we must establish sister relationships with each important city. When this reaches 140, once the 140 completely unite, we must form sister relationships with places corresponding to the 140. Do you understand? Then it will be 280. Centered around that 280, we must also establish sister relationships with the lower fields. Thus, it will be connected through a dual sister relationship. Do you understand? 

One is with the headquarters, and one is with the local area. We are organizing like this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Then, who will pave the tradition? The leader must pave the tradition. The tradition must be paved from the bottom up to establish a position. The path of restoration is like that. It is not about sitting and giving orders. When returning Cain and Abel in the local area, it is about sacrificing the Abel-like path and paving the way instead. It is about extending that play and attaching it above. Therefore, it must be connected from the center. Do you understand what I mean? 

We hold banquets centered around that tradition. What is a banquet? It is about gathering the local dignitaries. If there are dignitaries in the area of 360 home churches, we say, "A famous person from our headquarters is coming to meet the local dignitaries," and gather them together for a feast. 

In doing so, it is not the association president who provides the feast. Who must prepare the offering? Should the headquarters prepare the offering table, or should it be prepared locally? Tell me. "Locally..." It must be done locally. The association president coming from here is the high priest, and there is the local priest. So, they prepare and gather everyone for a feast, and then what do we do? We organize a home church support association. "This is a good thing; let’s have a revival movement that can save the entire village. Let’s train as a leading nation in creating a world culture without shame," and we create the support association, and the home church leader drives around with a trumpet, finding everyone. We put a famous person in front and say, "A famous person is visiting this house..." That’s how it is. Then, take one, two, three, four famous people with you. 

Next, we will hold a grand celebration with trumpets and drums. "Let’s have a feast by slaughtering a cow centered around 3,600 families from ten home church districts." 
If there are five people in one family, how much is that? For 3,600 families, how much is that? Four times five equals twenty, about 20,000 people. To feed 20,000 people, let’s slaughter about 30 or 40 cows, and then we will serve makgeolli. If there is plenty to eat, we will praise God, so we will set up a pipe to drink from the barrel and say, "Drink up." (Laughter) 

Then we will play the trumpet and beat the drum, celebrating, and then we will say, "This movement is good," and it will be accepted. "Will you join the Unification Church or not?" They will say yes. We will enroll them, and then we will hold a revival meeting. This is how we will build from the local level. This is how it is done in America, in Germany, everywhere; this is the decisive play... There is no other way. This is how it connects. A landscape is formed. Do you understand? 

Then, how many people gathered for the district meeting? It is possible to gather 100 percent. Then can the communists remain? If we say, "Let’s all take up arms," we will take them up. We are talking about unification through the North. 

How long can we live on two bags of flour? Three months, right? Do you remember preaching for 40 days with flour, boiling water to drink? What can we do without supplies? If we provide two bags of flour, we can survive for a month. Even if it is like this, for the sake of the heavenly kingdom... Will it feel good or bad? "Good." (Laughter) I am crazy, and you are crazy too, you guys! (Laughter) 

You think of drinking kimchi soup without even thinking of giving rice cakes. Until now, the teacher has been doing such things. But we have grown this much. Now we have reached a stage where we can see Namsan below us. We can even look down on the Himalayas. We should have stopped there. So now, whether it is theoretical or practical, has it matched the standard or not? "It has matched." 

So what does this mean? From now on, there is nothing left but to kick them out. They will be kicked out, or will they leave voluntarily? "They will leave voluntarily." If they are kicked out, will they become Abel or what? 
"Cain." So they will go voluntarily. And do not receive support from the headquarters. If you receive support from the headquarters, you will not achieve restoration through indemnity. If you receive support from the headquarters, you absolutely will not achieve restoration through indemnity. 

When inheriting, will you share it? Will you divide this? The main part, then the church part, will you keep it all to yourself? Can you divide the inheritance of the firstborn? You cannot receive support. Everything must go out. Do you understand? Self-reliance. Yesterday, I went to Sutak-ri and talked about self-reliance. The word self-reliance has this meaning. Normally, when we say "self-reliance," we say it like this: 自手成業. However, we use it differently. Do you understand? 

To lay the roots of home church, you must shed tears and sweat. 

Now, where is Park Gong-seo? You can’t do it because you are not allowed? "I will do a home church arts group." (Laughter) You are in the arts group... "I will support the home church well, to make it shine." That arts group will be done after home church is finished. (Laughter) Where is the home church arts group? The arts group is for celebrating a 60th birthday and for the idle crowd. Is it time for a feast now? What is the essence of restoration through indemnity? It is a matter of life and death. (Laughter) 

Hey, you seem to have a bitter mouth. (Laughter) In the past, you would have rebelled, but now you can’t even rebel and just bow your head. You have ears, so you must know. 

Last time, I laughed. "The reason evangelism does not work in the local area is that there are no churches." That’s what they say. Restoration through indemnity does not go through that at all. You must pray. The floor must be wet with tears. The teacher came out like that. I prayed from dawn, and the floor was wet. Tears must not dry up. For one life, you must pray more than a hundred or a hundred and twenty times. If that does not work, you must pray up to four hundred times. When you first meet someone and they oppose you, you meet them once, then pray, and then they gradually melt. It is like pouring hot water on them. Spiritually, they keep melting. 

Do you understand what I mean? 

A great monster must be prayed for more than four hundred times. What does that mean? It means you must pray for a year and a half, a year and a half. You must set that as a standard. Without that, it will not work. You must walk that path. You must gather with such sincerity to have roots, roots. No one can pull them out. If you do not put in sincerity, there are no roots. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." So, centered around home church... 

That is why our main occupation, what is the main occupation of our Unification Church? The president of Unification Industry is not the main occupation. The president must also have home church. Then what is Unification Industry? It is a secondary occupation, a secondary occupation. The workplace is a secondary occupation. Isn’t that right? It is a secondary occupation. You must understand that. 

The teacher has set up a factory in Sutak-ri, and it is countless times that I have gone three times a day, here. Three times a day. One time is every day, and two times... What are you doing?
Are you going that way? To restore and return the world, to restore the economy, the Su-taek-ri factory... I'm walking the path of concern more than anyone else. I come in at twelve and leave at two or three in the morning. I go around Namsan to avoid getting caught by the traffic police. How many times did I have to run away? 
Why is that? Why? I'm walking the path of restoration. I have to lay the foundation for a thousand years of economic stability, so I set the conditions for restoration through the sincerity that no one in any era has been able to establish. Also, because I foresee that the economic foundation of God's blessing in the future will be in our Unification Church, I am doing such things. 
Do you understand now?
How much did I go around Cheongpyeong to buy land? I went every day, right? For what? To put in sincerity. Looking at the mountains and rivers, I go with the heart that says, "When I come to you in ten years, when I return after not seeing you for a while, this place will become a palace that can be praised nationally." I am putting in sincerity.
Time passes, and while the impression of the Unification Church has changed, the base of victory centered on God's will is gradually being built up. What is this that all the people who came into the church have left and gone to the factory? These beggars! Now turn back!
If you look at the Unification Church workers, they are all lagging behind. They should be there for the church, not just hanging on reluctantly. "Even if I walk the path of Abel, the path of restoration, I have worked to pave the way of sincerity for you and protected this house." If you don't have this mindset, you'll all fall away. Have you been restored?
You have to turn back and stand in front of it. From this time on, should you turn back or go forward? "Turn back." Turn back. Then who becomes the front? "Those who stand in the back." The church leaders all stand in front. Those who went to the factory are all going from the back. The people in the church think they can pull out to the world as much as possible. If only a few years pass... Turn back! What is it, Amen? "Amen." Is it Amen or No-men? "Amen." When you say this, a new term is born: Amen, No-men...
Blessed families must first unite and walk the path of the priest.
Now, understand this, okay? "Yes." Here, the 36 families, 72 families, 124 families, 430 families, you in Seoul should all be centered around these family leaders and arrange home church placements from now on. Do you understand? "What does home church mean?" It means to create a church one by one. "Yes." Here, as a representative, at least 70 should be excluded, and at least up to 430 families should all come to the center. "Are you talking about families in the local areas?" So, it means that Seoul must be completely captured in the future. After capturing it, then it should be redistributed to the local areas. "The 36 families in Seoul have already taken charge of the home churches." In Seoul? "Yes." Then, you can make the leaders the church heads. There are no problems with 70 churches, right? 70 churches?
The 36 families here don't need to come far to the headquarters. Do you understand? They should all take responsibility, so for the 70 churches, one person should support two churches. "Home churches?" Not just home churches, but also the church, and then we must establish a tradition. "This time, leaving their affiliated church and going to the home church..." Not just home churches, but also the church together. It means to arrange them in 70 churches. "Are you completely dispersing the whole?" Yes. So, with 70 families, we should center around 70 churches... We need to create 72 churches. The 72 churches are the same as the 72 families, and we need to create 72 churches and have the 36 families unite above those 72 families.
So, under that management, the 36 families will enter into the jurisdiction of the 72 families. One person will take charge of two churches. If they go to this church, they must also manage this church. So, they must create a bond like brothers. The 36 families and the 72 families are like Cain and Abel. Do you understand? We must carry out the movement to create one. Do you understand? 36 families, do you understand what I mean? "Are the 36 families affiliated with two churches?" Even if they are affiliated with one of the 70 churches, they should include another church within the jurisdiction of those 70 churches. So, if it is economically difficult, they should feed each other and support the establishment of the tradition. "What I don't understand right now is that everyone is affiliated with their own church. Are you saying that we should break away from those churches and establish one church with three or nine home churches, distributing them all?" That's right. That's how it should be seen. We are creating 70 churches, 70 churches. 
Even if there are 27, it's okay if there is one church among the 27. If there is one of the 36 families there, doesn't that mean that the 72 families will all be tied together around that family?
"The 36 families only have 20 members." Even if there are 20, they are all establishing principles. If there are none, who will take the place of the 36 families? If there are none, we will create a rotation and carry out the movement to unite traditionally. That is one team, one team.
Next, centered around the 36 families, the 124 families will be the lower tier. "So, the 72 families currently have about 40 families in Seoul. In that case, will they now enter the 124 families instead of the 72 families?" We will arrange the 124 families, and then the 430 families in Seoul must enter into one organization.
So, currently, the 36 families are under the 72 families, the 72 families are under the 124 families, and the 124 families are under the 430 families. This will become the core personnel that can move Seoul, and we must calculate the arrangement of local churches corresponding to this number. Therefore, up to the 430 families, they must all have one church each. Do you understand? They must become church priests.
The path of emotional restoration must be established by blessed families.
How many people are there from the 72 families to the 430 families? 36 families, 72 families, 124 families, 434 families, what is the total? "666." 666? "Yes." This is the number of Satan. (Laughter) It fits perfectly. The number of Satan has become king. (Laughter) I just discovered today that it turned out this way. The numbers matched up. Here, one rebirth, one growth, one completion, and if we just have the teacher, everything will be fine.
So, based on 666 churches, we will also create 666 churches in the local areas. Do you understand? "Yes." Then how many is that? "1332." 1332 churches, then this will correspond to the number within the five-year plan. "Yes, that's right." So, a million believers are not far away, a million believers. 
Do you understand? "Yes."
Think about Israel. 600,000 entered the welfare of Canaan, 600,000. Do you know that to enter the welfare of Canaan, it must exceed 600,000? The Unification Church must exceed 6 million, 6 million. Therefore, from now on, we will set a period of 7 years, and without a doubt, we will exceed it within these 7 years. Do you understand?
With 7 million, centered around a crowd of over 6 million, we will automatically cross the front line of the global Canaan welfare of North-South unification. This is how I see it. Do you understand? These days, even the former president emphasizes North-South unification, right? "Yes." They are establishing unification plans. Do you understand or not? "I understand."
If 1,200 people just do it once, that's all it takes. If they do it just once, how many will that be? Over 1,300? It will be over 3,000, right? "It will be 2664." If we can just have about 3,000 churches, if we can have about 7,000 churches, then everything will be solved. We need to develop like that.
If there are people in the local areas, we need to pull them up, and if there are no 430 families, we need to send 777 families instead of the 430 families. We must establish families corresponding to the numbers that do not exist, and raise the lower standard of family to the upper level to fill in and expand the relative national foundation. Do you understand?
And there are people who are out there. They are already in other countries. All those who have gone to other countries should cooperate in taking responsibility for their place. I don't need to organize that, right? Do you understand how to organize? "Yes."
Now, raise your hand if you have experience as a church leader. Raise your hand if you have been a church leader or an evangelist. Ah, raise your hand, all those who did it in the past. You've all done it, right? You've all done it? You are all experienced old-timers. No problem, right? "Yes." Create all the churches...
What do we call home church in terms of work? "Side job." Ah, what do we call home church in terms of workplace relationships? "Main job." What is "main job"? "Main business." You know that, right? This is your main business. It's your main business, your main business. Do you understand? If you are faithful to your main business, the side job will follow. The side job follows like a shadow, as long as you are faithful to your main business.
So, there is no time to play for 24 hours. There is no time to play. There is no time to rest comfortably. If you have time to rest, go there and shed tears and pray. Even if you rest, go there to rest, and even if you need to urinate, go there to do it, and even if you need to defecate, go there to do it. Why take your waste somewhere else? You should bring it to your home church. So, if you want to urinate, go to the home church, and wherever you go, kick the door open and say, "Hey, I'm busy, step aside." If you are standing firm like that, who will say anything? If I went to your house and was busy and just urinated anywhere, what would you say? You would be too embarrassed to close your eyes. We must create such an environment. That is how heaven will be made. Is it easy to get to that point?
Earlier, what did you say this was, a guided missile? What did you say? What kind of essence is this? "Essence of love." Only the essence of love can fly to heaven. Now, the Unification Church, until now, did not know, but now it has completely understood. Dr. Yoon must have completely understood it too. "Ah, so this is how the Unification Church operates." (Laughter)
I didn't know what the foundation of Moon was, but it's simple. Until now, it was complicated, but the process was complicated. When preparing for a big feast, you don't know what you're doing while shopping for goods, but once the feast is set, you can say, "Ah, that's it." Now you can eat. You all understand now, right? "Yes, we understand."
So, let's conclude. From now on, you must establish tradition, tradition. What is tradition? You pray to inherit the tradition of the Unification Church. The tradition of the Unification Church is not an abstract tradition but a concrete tradition. You must walk the path of emotional restoration, the path of emotional restoration. This is the tradition. You must inherit this tradition.
The path of inheritance of tradition must be walked even if the country opposes it.
Restoration conditions, emotional restoration conditions, the duty of a servant, the duty of a servant, the duty of a legitimate child, the duty of a stepchild, you must receive treatment as a stepchild. 
Am I treated as a stepchild or as a biological child? You are currently being treated as stepchildren. "Hey, you child, why aren't you working, you child!" This is how you are treated as stepchildren. You must not do that. Is that a complaint? "No." Is it a complaint? "Why aren't I treated as a stepchild? Teacher, why aren't you treating me as a stepchild in the Unification Church? Please do it quickly." That is how you should volunteer. You should charge at me, hit me with a stick, and demand that I make you work. "Did I ask you to buy something? I asked you to make me work. Why aren't you making me work?" When that happens, you get annoyed and kick me out... That is restoration. That is the path of emotional restoration.
Now, this is a fact, and when you think that this is the truth and the orthodox way, the world will become one, won't it? "It will." There is absolutely no other way. There is none. If there were another way, God would have to take another path. History has walked this path of suffering because it has tried to align with this path. Today, how ridiculous are Christians and religious people? Someday they will have to go to hell. How much has the Unification Church endured to come this far... right? It's astonishing...
So now, even though you are under the 36 families and the 72 families, we must start with the 72 churches and quickly divide and pioneer the 120 families and 430 families that are placed under them. Do you understand? "Yes." If that happens, if there are just ten people, distribute them. Do you understand? Just ten people. So, if we do it with ten people, we can do it centered around that unit. Just as Jesus had twelve disciples, we need apostles. We only need ten people. We need to connect them.
If we have just ten people, we must establish a self-sufficient church structure. If we have ten people... Why? Even with just the tithe, one person's living is not a problem. Even if ten people live communally, they must eat and live together, and if they die, they must die together. Living is not a problem. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 
Are you worried about eating? Those ten families will work or do something to earn and eat together. The ten families will initially set up a tent and endure hardships while laying the foundation, and after three years, that tent will become a brick house.
This country needs patriots. Do you understand? This country needs loyal subjects, so any leader will come to find loyal subjects and heroes, and in the not-too-distant future, there will be a day to seek cooperation to save the country. The path of patriots must be walked regardless of opposition. Even if the police oppose it, it must be done. Even if the country opposes it, it must be done.
So, inherit the tradition, I say, tradition. Do you understand? Tradition. You must inherit this tradition. If you do not inherit this tradition, you cannot receive the inheritance of the heavenly kingdom. This is a clear fact. The truth of restoration, absolute truth.
This cannot be tolerated in the slightest. That is why the teacher has walked this path for 60 years. He has walked this path that no one sympathized with and that no one knew. Who is there to support him from behind? Alone, world, I am going!
I am going to find the heavenly parents. I am going to find my hometown again. Whether anyone acknowledges it or not, my path is busy! As I go, I have now passed sixty. Therefore, I must fulfill the wishes of the three generations through you and your children, and I must resolve the grievances of the three generations. You must understand that this is the teacher's wish. Do you understand? You must educate the second generation well. Establish the tradition, and who will do the education? We must do it. Do you understand what I mean?
You must become Unification Church members who leave behind a tradition that all people can praise in the future.
What you must do now is to establish the tradition and inherit the tradition more than anyone else. You must understand that there will be a day to pass on the tradition. Then, after that, you will do the education. Even if you cannot practice in your time, in the time of youth, in the passionate and indignant youth era, you must fulfill the duty of loyalty before heaven. Today, you are blessed and born in the next generation, the future generation...
must be distributed to create 72 home churches centered around home church activities. Therefore, the members below the 430 families already affiliated with the church should remain in their respective churches. 

This is the path we must take to expand the church. Today is a day of sorrow, but also a day of glory. We should have a feast today, shouldn’t we? What did we have for lunch? Bread, milk, and fruit? We should have slaughtered a cow and celebrated. Even if I am not here this time, make sure to celebrate Children’s Day well. It’s on the 28th, and I probably won’t be back by then. I plan to leave tomorrow. The day after tomorrow is the day I have to appear in court.

Jae-seok should start anew with a small group centered around the headquarters church. If we distribute everything, there won’t be anything left, right? No, we won’t distribute everything. In the case of the headquarters church, 72 families will go out. Why 72 families? Isn’t it only the 430 families that are being distributed? They will all go out. From the 36 families to the 124 families, they will all go out. So, we will distribute more than 430 families. The remaining members will just stay in that church. 

We need to distribute the members to create 72 churches. This is essential for the growth of the church.
"I thought it was under your authority." Since there are many people here, we need to quickly arrange and create 666 churches, right? Based on 72 churches, we can establish 124 churches... It's better to arrange them quickly. How many do we have? If we have 700 people, it would be good to divide them into groups of ten and start. It's simple, isn't it? (laughter) You are also pioneering. We will divide them into similar positions and do it. So, if we center around 72 churches and have 660 churches, how great would that be? If we create 6,600 people, we can have ten people in each of the 660 churches and quickly promote the movement of building churches. That would be simple. Don't you want to create churches? "Then should the headquarters church also start with ten people?" That's a strange thing to say; it's the same, you know. (laughter) "I hope both sides are divided. Because..." Rather than doing everything, we should make that the principle. If you think the headquarters church is small, you can either start with 30 people or combine the leaders of three groups. If there is no place, then that's how we do it. "So, we should first divide families based on that, and then divide the remaining members in the next stage, or maintain the current state and develop from there, right?" It's simple. No matter how we divide or combine them, we can just cut everything off. We just need to arrange it. If the principle is established, then it can be done like that. Have you organized all the home churches? "Yes." Based on that organization, the home church in Sindang-dong should be centered around the Sindang-dong church, with 1 church, 2 churches, 3 churches... even 100 churches is fine. The churches that fall under that affiliation should be told to create churches quickly. It's fine if they create a church alone. "So, we need to arrange the 72 churches first?" Yes, we need to arrange the 72 churches. The reason we do that is to establish a base. If we establish that base completely, it will become 124 churches. We need to make it so that people can come and go based on those 124 churches. Since it's difficult to do all 660 churches at once, we can just do this first. The base can be established in a week, a month, or a year. "There are 3,123 members in the Seoul district." Oh, that's a lot. "And since the headquarters church has 676 members..." That would be over 4,000. "There are 3,799 members. If we completely distribute these people, it would be about 50 people per church." Then that's good. We need to quickly evangelize from 50 people... We need to talk about one person evangelizing per month.

To match the number of restoration through indemnity, it is essential to have one person evangelize each month.

You must evangelize one person each month. Why do both the teacher and you struggle with restoration through indemnity? Because Jesus could not become the tribal Messiah, he could not become the national, global Messiah. What is a tribal Messiah? The family of Joseph, and then the family of Zechariah; because these two families could not unite, Jesus died.

What is the family of Joseph? What kind of family is this, in terms of our principle? "Abel's family." It is Abel's family. This is the family of Cain. (While writing on the board) Jesus was born here, so he is a second cousin to John the Baptist, a relative. They are brothers, brothers. John the Baptist was born six months earlier. Originally, he was like Cain.

We need to restore this and become one. Isn't that right? Because this was negated, we had to leave to restore the rights of Cain. We have to go out, right? When we go out, we cannot go to the church, nor can we go to the government, so it was said, "The Son of Man has no place to lay his head." That's what it means. That's why he said to Mary, "Woman, what do I have to do with you?" Mary was at fault. Mary should have prepared for Jesus to get married. He cannot go without getting married. He must go through the historical conditions of indemnity, the three conditions.

We must go through such complex matters. Therefore, if we look at the issue of "Woman, what do I have to do with you?" it shows that Mary failed to take responsibility for laying the foundation for Jesus to establish himself.

Mary and Joseph should not have lived together. Mary is in the position of the sun, and Joseph is in the position of the archangel. They did not become one. Because they did not become one, he wandered for three years. For three years, this is how it was. He was denied and died on the cross.

So what does this mean? It means tribe. This is what we need to find in the direct lineage... This is the number 12. (Pointing to what he wrote) All of this is in a ten-step sequence. From Adam to Noah is ten, from Noah to Abraham is ten, and Jacob's family is twelve generations. Noah must also go through those two. Cain and Abel all correspond to the twelve generations, twelve generations. This must be the center.

Then what is the relative number? It is 72. This is how it is. When this is restored, it will be restored automatically. Jesus represents this and gathers the twelve. This is tribal, tribal. If both of these had united, Jesus would have been completely protected on a tribal foundation. What is above the tribal foundation? It is the national foundation. This becomes Abel, expanding into the external world of the national realm. This is the realm of Israel and Judaism. If this unites, it becomes the Abel realm, forming the national realm. Then, centered on the national realm, this becomes Cain and unites. Do you understand what I mean?

To stand in this completed position, we must go out centered on this and restore it, returning to become one... This is how we go out. We cannot go out like this, do you understand? We are going out. Do you understand? We are returning to the world. Restoration is done by going out and then returning. Therefore, we must go out and then return. Do you understand? We cannot just go. This is the history...

Jesus died because he lost the family foundation. Losing the family foundation means what? It means he could not get married. For the blessed families of the Unification Church to become this foundation, they must restore and indemnify this foundation. We must restore and indemnify this foundation. Do you understand what I mean? Centered on the three disciples, Peter, James, and John even opposed it, so today, centered on the standard of blessing... The three people in the Unification Church represent the family of Noah, the family of Noah. That is a foundational type. Whether it is the family type of Adam, Noah, or Abraham, it is a family type. This cannot connect the three generations that represent the whole. Do you understand? To connect the three generations, we must fill the twelve numbers. We must fill the twelve numbers.

Restoration providence centered on numbers.

Therefore, centered on the twelve disciples... What are the three disciples? They are family types, the family of Noah. There is only one family type. We must first connect the ten generations. So we need to connect the twelve numbers. This twelve number is three generations from Adam. From Adam to Noah, from Noah to Abraham. Centered on Abraham, the next is Jacob's twelve families; this is three generations. Based on these twelve numbers, we finally lay the foundation. Therefore, you must also create the family type of Noah centered on the twelve numbers. That is the foundation in the restoration system, the foundation. Do you understand?

What does it mean to have evangelized three people? It means the three sons of Noah, who have not yet married. These three sons must get married. Everyone must get married. It cannot be done with just that. The twelve numbers must be tied together and married. Only then can the resurrection stage of providence, the foundation of the resurrection stage from Adam to Noah, and the foundation of the resurrection stage from Noah to Abraham be connected. Without that, it cannot be connected. You must understand that you lack a systematic foundation. That is why the twelve numbers are necessary. Do you understand? "Yes."

This is a tribal foundation. The relative number of the traditional foundation is 72 families, so when combined, it becomes 84 people, 84 people. If Jesus had a foundation centered on 84 people, he would not have died and would have married. Thus, he should have triumphed over the tribal foundation and launched into the national foundation. If he had established the tribal foundation and died, there would be no need for the Second Coming. There would be no need for the Second Coming. The problem arose because he died without establishing this foundation.

Therefore, to restore and indemnify this, this is a fateful essential condition. That is why, over seven years, we must restore the 84 numbers; one times seven is seven (1×7=7), two times seven is fourteen (2×7=14), and centered on seven years, we must evangelize one person each month. You must understand that this is what it means. Do you understand? "Yes."

What is twelve times seven? Coincidentally, it matches the 84 numbers. Therefore, by restoring and indemnifying this, centered on the family tribal foundation and the tribal Messiah foundation, we stand in the position of completing and concluding what Jesus failed to do. That is why I can bless you and enable family life, because I have seen the starting point to fulfill my mission toward the nation. Then everything will be fine. This is the principle, the principle.

The fact that the teacher got married is exactly the same. Before getting married, he established three families and then got married. It is exactly the same. After that, if we look at the twelve families instead of the spiritual Adam family, Noah family, Abraham family... Jacob family, Abraham is fallen... From Adam to Noah, that is the family type of Adam. That was a marriage done on their own. Then from Noah to Abraham, that corresponds to the time of Jesus. This is the stage of engagement. It is the stage where they were engaged but could not live together. It is the same as Jesus; nominally they were engaged, but it was a stage where they could not fulfill it. This is the kind of person. Then what about the time of Jacob? It is the stage of unmarried men and women. Looking at the entire humanity, what kind of form is it? It is a group that married on their own, and then they could not establish families, engaging in free sex and so on, and those who were engaged but could not marry. After that, there are unmarried men and women. It is divided into these three groups. This corresponds to the family of Adam, the established family, the family of Jesus, and the family of Jacob in the history of the whole.

To connect all of this instead of the twelve families... The thirty-six families are an extension of the twelve families in three stages, and they are the numbers restored through indemnity. The thirty-six families are one of three families. Then who is the center? It is not the older people who are the center, but the younger three families. In the future, the leaders will not be older people. You must understand that these three families are the center. Do you understand? Do you understand, Jaeseok? "Yes." In the future, what formal process will the older brother do? The older brother will be reversed. The mother also refers to the teacher's sons and daughters as older brothers, right? What older brother? When talking about the baby, they say something like "Hyungjin's older brother," right? It is the same principle. Since there is a group in that society, they cannot just stay still; in the future, everyone must call each other older brother. Who is the older brother? Where did Kim In-cheol go? Where is he? Has he disappeared? Kim In-cheol? How many families does Jeong Su-won have? Is it two families? "Yes." What about Gwak Jeong-hwan? "It is three families." Oh, Gwak Jeong-hwan is the center, so it is three families. This is not my word.

That is why the important responsibility of the 1980s must be borne by the three families. What about Choi Chang-rim of the Victory and Unity Association? How many families is he? "It is two families." Is it two families? The important responsibility must be borne by the three families. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." That is all principled. So the teacher recognizes all of this. Centered on the thirty-six families, centered on the seventy-two families, the tribal Messiah realm is formed here. Then what is next? The one hundred twenty-four families. The one hundred twenty-four families are the representative nation of the world before Jesus. When blessing the one hundred twenty-four families, it coincides exactly with the number of 124 member states in the UN General Assembly. It corresponds to 120 countries in the world. That is the foundation of restoration for the representative national level.

Now is the time when we can be welcomed and active.

What about the four hundred thirty families? The one hundred twenty families can be connected centered on the world restoration path. What about the four hundred thirty families? It includes all surnames, whether Park, Kim, or any other surname, whether they are thieves, robbers, or presidents... The four hundred thirty families have the mark of four families. What does this mean? It includes ex-convicts. There are four ex-convicts. One of them is Kim Myung-hee. Does Kim Myung-hee come in? Four ex-convicts. It has opened the way for even those who have been in prison to go to heaven. The four hundred thirty families conclude the history of 4,300 years. Centered on 430 years, it started from Egypt to the welfare of Canaan, right? Centered on 4,300 years, the foundation for starting the welfare of the world Canaan has been established. From there, centered on the seven hundred seventy-seven families, we are forming the families of the world, the tribal realm of the world. After laying this foundation that transcends each national religion and each clan, we are using the three sevens (777) to connect this world tribal realm. With this, marriage is all completed. The teacher once, the three families once, the thirty-six families once, the seventy-two families once, the one hundred twenty-four families once, the four hundred thirty families once, and the seven hundred seventy-seven families once, so all seven numbers are completed.

Thus, we have completed the foundation for the organization of the world tribes. Because of this, the way for any nation in the world to enter the Unification Church has been opened. From here, we are doing the world providence. That time was the 1970s, right? "Yes." It was the 1970s. Because we laid this foundation centered on that time, the teacher's global expansion became possible. That is why we went out to the world stage by boat. To do that, you must do national re-indemnity. The Korean people oppose... Everyone must do re-indemnity. Our families must do re-indemnity. We must lay the foundation for family restoration, so for three years, we are driving everyone out. We have made them suffer. That is why we started the global path in 1971. Do you understand what I mean?

After that, it is 1,800 couples, which is three times the number of six. So, it is three, six numbers. In this way, we are matching the three, six numbers. We are matching the number of Satan, 1,800 couples. Up to the four hundred thirty families, the three and eight numbers all match, right? So we are matching the 1,800 numbers. This connects all the numbers of the satanic world and all the numbers corresponding to any number on earth to be able to connect with heaven. After that, it can be blessed or not blessed. Individuals are going on the path to connect with families. We have laid the foundation for indemnity that can connect. By completing families, we have paved the way to go to heaven, the path to heaven that anyone in the world can take, so the teacher has treated everyone fairly from a historical perspective. He has made it possible for missionaries to notify 120 countries.

So, in order to restore the 84 numbers over seven years, it is necessary to evangelize twelve people each year; without doing that, we cannot fill that number over seven years. Do you understand? So, should we evangelize or not? "We must." You do not have a tribal foundation, so you cannot fulfill the mission of Jesus, and even if the family goes to the spiritual world, the sons and daughters will be held back. They will be held back. The teacher has overcome all these conditions. Do you understand?

So this is not difficult. In the past, we struggled against opposition, but now we are supported and welcomed... Now, what is the Unification Church? All Unification Church families...
You said you welcome everyone, right? Now you just have to focus on your families. What is your wife's house to you? It is Cain. And what is the husband centered on his family? He is Abel in relation to Cain. You can evangelize even targeting your wife's family. This is the time when you can do that. So, you need to find the 84 quickly, no matter what. If you take those 84 people with you, the restoration of your tribe will happen within a week. If you hold a feast, everything will be done within a week. The 84 will serve like kings, and the entire clan will say, "Our teacher!" They will be absolutely obedient. If you say die, they will die... It’s automatic.

The Unification Church has laid the foundation while enduring all sorts of persecution.

Therefore, do not even think about the problem of Abel's restoration. If Cain is restored, Abel will automatically be restored. Do not worry about the restoration of the Moon clan. Only Cain needs to be restored. If the three clans of Cain are restored, the Moon clan will automatically be restored. Do you understand? So, when I came last year, I held a meeting with the Moon clan and talked about it. I said I would provide scholarships, but I don't know how much they prepared. I spoke loudly at the clan meeting. "Listen to me! Everyone must receive training from the Unification Church, but is there no Moon clan here? Did the association president train them?" "They trained a little in the local area." That should be organized by the headquarters. That way, your clan will be revived quickly. That is the time.

Those who cannot secure the tribal messiah authority do not have the qualifications to live with the foundation of the heavenly family's framework, according to the principle of indemnity restoration. Therefore, if you do not evangelize at least one person each month, it will be extended. Do you understand? It will be extended. If it does not happen in 3 years or 7 years, you will go through a 21-year course. If you put in all your effort, you can do it in 7 months. If you have the ability, you can do it in 7 months. You can also do it in 21 months, which is three times 7 months. This is based on the principle of numbers. There is no problem in 3 and a half years. It won't even take that long. Do you understand what I mean? Do you know why we are doing this? "Yes."

What is this? What do the twelve refer to? It is Jacob's tradition. It establishes a traditional foundation... When the relative 72 are combined... If the twelve disciples and the seventy followers that Jesus had had united, absolute Christianity would not have perished. Jesus would not have died. Because the 84 could not build a bridge, they could not connect the heavenly world and the human world, and because they bore the tragic history of the cross, the unfortunate history of the second coming remains. This is something that the Unification Church today must indemnify in the teacher's era, and you must also indemnify. To complete this principle, the tribal messiah today, centered on this title, must connect the relationship of Jesus' restoration and the teacher's worldwide restoration so that they can claim, "I can participate in the heavenly kingdom as a victorious liberator." This is what the 84 refers to. Do you understand? "Yes." Has the teacher done such things or not? "He has."

While being insulted... Do you remember when we took pictures standing neatly like we were frostbitten? When blessing the 36 families, we had police stationed and did it at night... That is restoration. We got married at night. We did it three times. We did it during the day and then in the evening. We went through three eras to do that. People were shouting, "Let my husband go! Let my father go!" It was a commotion. "Let my daughter go!" The father-in-law of Kwak Jeong-hwan was turning blue... Sitting over there, he couldn't say anything while looking at me blessing them (mimicking while speaking, laughter). That's how it was. These days, I heard someone say they joined the Unification Church because they got the best son-in-law, but that’s how it happened. (Laughter)

That's how it is. If I marry them, will money come? They say all sorts of insults. I take all the worst insults. Did they put in even a penny for the wedding expenses? I paid for everything. I have to take responsibility as a parent. Even conditionally, I have to do that. They all came out that way. It is historical.

They probably do not know that such things are happening. No one knows. To do that in the midst of that fighting... The blessing of the 72 families is done however it can be done. Now, I will not die. Even if I die, the legacy will remain, so the Unification Church will not perish. But there are still things that cannot be done without me, right? It would be difficult to teach such things in the spirit world. Can you teach it this meticulously? It has to be taught step by step. Therefore, a person without wisdom cannot connect this even in thousands of years.

So, I say, "Time, hurry up, hurry up." "3rd 7-year course, hurry up." I want the young and youthful days to pass without regret and hurry up. Go past your 40s, go past your 50s, go past your 60s, and as I have been busy for decades like days, today I have laid this foundation. You must recognize this amazing fact that you can expand the home church ideology today. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

The path of restoration that everyone must take
You must all complete the dual responsibility to indemnify the failures of the established church and the Korean people in relation to the mistakes Jesus made and the inability to cooperate. You must set the conditions for indemnity for everything that opposed the teacher, lay it down here, and establish the conditions for indemnity that can completely resolve up to the time of Jesus. The foundation that can easily and quickly pass this issue is the home church movement. Do you understand? The 84 will be resolved without any problem. Four times eight is thirty-two, one-fourth.

How many people should they be? They must be able to die for me, and they must be able to die for the father. Can you die for the teacher? "Yes." Raise your hand if you can die for the teacher. Wow! Is that really true? "Yes." I don't believe it! I can't believe it until I see you in a position to die. Shall we see? "Yes!" Raise your hand if you really mean "yes." Is it "yes"? "Yes!" Then I will believe it. It’s the same. That is not an easy thing to do. Even if others oppose, it is a path that must be taken, a historical path that cannot be denied or abandoned. If you abandon your parents, you may abandon them, but you cannot abandon the teacher. If you abandon your country, you may abandon it, but you cannot abandon the teacher. If you abandon your wife, you may abandon her, but if you abandon your children, you may abandon them, but you cannot abandon the teacher. This is a complicated relationship. Otherwise, the path of restoration cannot be established. Do you understand? "Yes." Now it is all done.

Is there anything left? Did you understand the message to evangelize one person each month? "Yes." Will you do it or not? "I will." Will you evangelize one person a year? The principle is to evangelize one person each month. Therefore, since the teacher announced this principle, everyone in the Unification Church, anyone in the world, must do this. They are doing it. If they do not, they will be made to do it by the spirit world. The work will be connected based on that person. You all must do it too. Do you understand? "Yes."

Those who are good at lecturing should do it to the point of choking. You must be passionate for the father's nation. Your heart must be filled. Centered on the deep sorrow of restoration, you must be able to plant the banner of victory on the day of victory. At this moment, you must become a person who can digest this holy moment. It is not a joke. You are not a merchant. Now you clearly understand why this must be done, right? You must do it one person each month. Did you understand or not? "I understood."

Now, it is a grateful time, as the time has come to return to relatives and evangelize. The era of tribal restoration has come. You cannot do it at home. Beyond uncles, three generations... Grandfather, father, uncle, will they be uncles? They will be uncles. You can evangelize in the 3rd, 4th, 6th, and 7th cousin realms. That is how it is viewed. If you center on me, they are 4th cousins, right? 6th cousins, 7th cousins. The three generations are us, three generations. Right? Grandfather, father, and yourself, three generations. This is the 6th cousin realm. From this point on, the time has come when you can be treated as Cain's counterpart. It is easy.

You must build an altar of sincerity even if it means cutting your bones and selling your blood.

The fastest way in the Unification Church is to go to your wife's family. The time has come for that. First, you must conduct operations centered on Seoul. When looking at this country, where is the fast way? By making Seoul the core of the national standard, the entire nation is returning quickly, so by making Seoul the core, we raise a beacon to create a relative realm across the country and unite. If it happens three times, it will be in the 3rd stage... In terms of frequency, it is four times. If it happens four times, won't everything be over? So, would you prefer to do this quickly or slowly? "I would prefer to do it quickly." We must do it quickly.

Therefore, you should sell your possessions to build the church. Do you understand? I will take it as what the teacher received. Try selling your possessions. Open your savings account and try it. It will be accepted as what you dedicate to heaven. Do you understand? "Yes." Just because you have it does not mean it is your property.

Centered around ten families, we must comply with this principle in front of the solemn task of connecting heaven's will to the world, nation, and people. This is a fact that anyone can know about the path that loyal subjects of the heavenly kingdom must take. If you cannot achieve this, sell everything, even your clothes. Sell everything and go in rags. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, you must build an altar of sincerity. You must love it more than your savings account and more than your wife.

You must create a church where such a heart can dwell. Do you understand? When the teacher built this, everything was made with caustic soda. I am doing that now. I have bought a house far away, but I do not go there. I come here. Here, I shed blood and tears. There is a lot of history. What I think now is that I regret all the renovations. The rooms where we had our children, Yeojin, Injin, and Eunjin, have all been torn down. There is nothing left of those rooms. The association president has committed the error of not preserving the historical materials in Korea. I do not want a big room. I have removed everything from the old floor. Is it still there underneath? "Yes, it is."

From now on, everything must be restored to that state. After designing and building everything, building a house... The value of the house built is not the highest. Antiques... Even if they are dented or broken, they have value. So, even though I built a big church over there, I do not go in there. I come in here to pray. This is where the heart of history resonates. So, even though my mother keeps asking me to go, I do not listen.

You must understand that. It becomes the hometown, soaked in nostalgia. Therefore, when the parents are gone, the heavenly wish is for a filial child who takes pride in spending the night at the grave where the parents are buried. Do you understand? This is the material of history, the material of the Unification Church's history.

That is why I created the Little Angels. You must build that wall. You must build the wall of our church. Even if bombs fall, it must not collapse, no matter how much money goes in. So, I told Um Deok-moon. Cutting and whatnot... Is it too much to ask to leave historical materials behind? You have a responsibility to cut your bones and sell your flesh to contribute to that, yet you... You must think of it not as your church but as the teacher's church. Do you understand?

When the teacher returns here, the people of the Unification Church must have bought the teacher's house. When he returns, a house must be built. These children, when the parents return, cannot prepare even one house. Is that right? It must be done. You must understand that. The people of Israel could not properly receive Jesus and welcomed him in a stable. This is the historical sorrow. You who understand that it is the sorrow of heaven that you could not welcome the one who came as the King of Kings in a palace, even though the time has come for the teacher to return, could not do so. You must wait with a heart full of sincerity and tears, having built the teacher's house to welcome the teacher who has gone through the course of restoration providence centered on 20 years. I know that.

The Unification Church has come out to fulfill the responsibilities that the nation could not.

Before I leave here, I have already established the headquarters base, purchased 700,000 pyeong of land to build a university, and bought 2 million pyeong of land in Cheongpyeong. One is for the headquarters church, and the other is for the future university base for the youth, after which I created a green belt. Then, I established the international training center base in Cheongpyeong, and I left after completing everything. Right? I did not build my house.

I do not have a house. That teacher hears all sorts of rumors and hears all sorts of stories, but I came to bear the sins of the world, so I carry the burden. I carry it. However, I will not collapse, and I will take off that burden and return with the laurel crown of victory in the heavenly kingdom. That is what I have done.

So, I invite the people of the established church to hold a feast for them, the pastors of the established church, and then the elders of the established church, the local notables, and hold a feast for them. Have the feasts for the prominent figures in Korea all ended? "Yes." I have fulfilled my responsibility to the nation. I have done what the country could not do. To hold the Li Danwi competition under the name of President Moon is the first time in the 5,000-year history of the Republic of Korea. No one can disregard this. When I go out and shout, within a week, there will be an organization that exceeds that. Go ahead and try to destroy it! It will not disappear, that is what I think. I have fulfilled my responsibility to the nation. Defending Kim Il-sung is the only way to win. There is no other way for the nation to become prosperous. The church, Christianity, can only survive through the Unification Church. I have already shown it all.

If you still do not believe, look at what I have as an economic foundation. I went to Western society to prepare for it, and even though it is a country that is resentful, I forgot about that and did this... A patriot does not betray the country even if he goes to the gallows, nor does he betray the king. That is the path of a patriot. I came with that heart. So, I must teach these people the way, I must teach it clearly before I die. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

I hope that you will not be the ones who leave a mark of shame in history, deeply knowing the sorrow that pierces to the bone. This is difficult, but please, during this short period... It will not be long. There are only a few years left. At most, it will go on for 4 years. Therefore, by 1977, within 4 years, we will pass over the hill. At that time, what will the remnants have to oppose?
In front of this global sanctuary, we must clearly understand that we are paving the way for a solemn priesthood. Do you understand? "Yes." On the day you all listen to the teacher's words and establish only tradition... If you are greedy and want to do it quickly, you know what I mean? All 430 families will create regions and establish churches. Do you understand what I’m saying? We can't go that far, so we start with 72 families, but we can also include 124 families... Once we secure a base, from there... It's okay to organize something else right now. This is to quickly lay the foundation for home church. Those who have laid this foundation will be pulled out to foreign countries by the teacher. Let's see a show of hands from those who want to do it quickly. Hurry up. Put your hands down.

"The professor church..." I don’t know about the professor church. There should be a home church for professors too. Just because you are a professor, does that mean you don’t have a home church? When you go to the heavenly kingdom, are you still a professor? You are a brother, a brother. In the heavenly kingdom, you are not a professor. You are a professor only on earth. Did Dr. Yoon say he was upset because his title as a doctor was shattered after joining the Unification Church? (Laughter) These days, I make it hard for doctors. What would we do without Dr. Yoon? Who else would we have to rely on?

Home church activities must start from servitude.
Now, shall we have lunch? "Yes." Let's have lunch after we have everything clearly arranged. What should we do? 72, 120, 666, which one should we do? "Right now, we should establish 72 churches and then distribute..." Rather than that, focusing on the existing numbers, it would be fastest to distribute everyone into 660 churches with ten people each. "That would be five people each." Even five people would be the wish of the owners. I think so. If it were me, I would think I could do it alone with five people. What do you mean five people? I would do it by myself. If five people do it, they will receive one-fifth of the restoration providence? "Churches are groups of people, so the more people there are, the more they gather." Listen! If five people are evangelizing, people will gather; it’s not that people just gather without evangelism, right? So, we should start by dividing into groups of ten. "Groups of ten?" Since the headquarters church has a large space, we can take out three groups of ten churches and receive 30 or 40 people and divide them into east, west, south, and north. "Yes." That’s how it should be done. Then we will split this into four forms and proceed. "Right now, the 17 churches have large buildings, but with five people..." It would be nice if we could buy all the buildings, but we can’t. It’s about sacrificing and offering everything you own before God, and then He will repay you tenfold or a hundredfold. God never goes into debt. I am someone who comes with debts for heaven. You must understand that I come with a mountain of debts.

So, to do home church, you must offer your house. If it’s hard to sell, you put your house up and do home church. Do you understand what I’m saying? It’s about establishing your own church. Deok-mun is also doing church. Deok-mun can be the church leader. It’s about managing your home church rights entirely. That’s how heaven will be. Just like I mentioned earlier, wherever you go in the neighborhood, grandmothers and grandfathers should be able to welcome you. It’s not easy to do that. Starting from servitude... Try doing that for about seven years. Don’t speak. Don’t make excuses. Don’t follow along just because you are being scolded. My path is busy. I don’t have time to be scolded and fight. Do you understand what I’m saying? My path is busy. You never know when you might die. Even if you die on the way, you must do it to indemnify and bring your wife along; if you can’t go, you can’t bring your wife or children along. Do you understand? If I am in, I can bring my wife and children along. This is happening because I am the Messiah, so I can save them. Do you understand what I’m saying? "Yes." Because I have the tribal messiahship, and because I have the kingship, I can go into the satanic world and pull them out. That’s serious.

You must start with a heart greater than the pioneering era that began with fasting.

Jeong Seung-won! Why are you not awake since morning? Jeong Seung-won! "Yes." It seems you are not awake since morning. Is that so? "I’m awake now." Are you awake now? "Yes." You seem to have a complicated mind, huh? Is it pitiful that you have to pioneer this? (Laughter) Jeong Seung-won! "Yes." Is it pitiful? "No." Was your mind complicated? Where have you been these days? "I’m at Ilhwa." What are you doing at Ilhwa? "I’m in the sales department." The sales department? What is that? Who is the sales department head? We are trying to replace the sales department head this time, who is it? These kids are sitting in the office, and the sales department head must be active and running around day and night like Hong Gildong. Even to earn a penny, they must establish a value system that has been around for thousands of years... sitting around and eating it all up. Jeong Seung-won! "Yes." Where are you now? Where are you? "I’m at home." Which home? "I’m at my father’s house." (Laughter) What is there? There’s nothing. Can you be at your father’s house? You can only be there after completing all the indemnity restoration.

Next, let the department heads raise their hands, department heads of Ilhwa. All of you are the same, do you understand? Do you know what I mean? It’s the same. Is there any objection? "No." Is there any objection? "No." Are you also there? You said you were going to be a store manager. (Laughter) "No." Who said they were going to be a store manager? They said they would be a store manager in Gangwon-do. Also, do you have any objections? Do you have any objections? "No." What about the next one? "No." Next? "No." You are all returning to the old church. Sit down. Next, the section heads! Ilhwa section heads, stand up. Is there only one? Hong, is there no problem replacing this? "Yes." It will be very good. Since we have pulled out all the workers. In fact, you are all workers. You came from the church with big heads, saying you did this and that in the past... What are you all doing now? What are you doing now? "We are doing home church." For whom? For whom are you doing home church? "For myself." Huh? "I’m doing it for myself." For yourself, do you want to do it comfortably? Or do you want to work hard? "I will work hard." The other day, I went to a family meeting and ordered them to give 3,000 won each to let their wives do business. Do you understand? Whether it’s business or whatever, you must go out and do it.

Also, you have no objections, right? "Yes." Everyone has no objections, right? "Yes." Who is that behind? "Choi Deok-sim." Choi Deok-sim. Your name is quite far away. Are you having fun these days? "Yes." Does Choi Deok-sim serve well as a husband? "Yes." He is a wonderful gentleman. In fact, since you got a husband after turning 40, you must serve him well. Sit down.

Next, Ilhwa members! Ilhwa members. Hong, is it okay if all these people leave? "Yes, it’s fine." No problem. Just do it however you want. If you can’t do it, resign from your position. A president who cannot handle things again should resign from their position. Is there anyone with an objection? "No." It would be nice to live comfortably. How much salary did you receive? "230,000 won." Again? "230,000 won." Again? "230,000 won." The regions haven’t come up, right? "Yes." Should we do it in the regions next time? It would be good to do it in the regions too. The same applies to them. You must be at the forefront in establishing tradition. Up to 430 families, you cannot avoid responsibility for the nation. The 777 families represent a global foundation. You must work for three more years. Will you endure three years of hardship? There is Baek Gu-seob, huh? This kid must do it too. "Yes." Why are you lacking energy? "Yes!" (Laughter) Otherwise, you won’t be able to restore, you little rascal.

Has the Unification Church president not come? "He is at the Yeongbin Hall, talking with President Huruda." Who is President Huruda, and what are they talking about? "He just went up a little while ago." Can you have an affair? What about the presidents, former presidents, where are they? Where are the people belonging to Hwang Chung-woon? Raise your hands if you belong to Hwang Chung-woon. Two people raised their hands. Put your hands down. It wouldn’t be a problem if these people are absent, right? "Yes." Do you have any objections? "No." What about the next one? What is your name? "Lee Jeong-kyun." What is that kid? "He is the trade department head." The trade department head... Everyone is resigning. Up to 430 families must all resign. Do you understand?

Next, the former presidents. "The president of Ilhwa is not here; he went to the region." Today is an important day; where did he go? "He said he was going to the mountain." What about Deok-mun? Are there no 430 families here? "There are many." Where? 430 families, stand up. When did you all gather? Come out, come out! How many are there? "There are six." Even if they are all absent, is there no problem with Eom Deok-mun? "Yes." (Laughter) What kind of answer is that when you are neither a president nor not a president? (Laughter)

You don’t know whether you will become a president or not, but you say "yes" now? Do you have any objections? "No." If you have any objections, tell the teacher right now. Don’t wait until later to say, "I can’t live, teacher, I’m going to die," asking for money and food. Just quit and talk. Do you have any objections? "No." Is there anyone with objections? No? Sit down! You are quick. (Laughter) In the world, it would be a big deal... (Laughter) How hard it is to get a job. In the world, it would be a big deal, right?

Do you all have confidence in your wives? Raise your hands if there are people who have problems because of their wives. This is to teach you how to live. The other day, at my family meeting, I told them to be self-reliant, and I mentioned the character for "su" (수). What character is that? It’s the character for "demand" (수요). It’s the character for "supply" (수). It’s the character for "demand." Instead of the character for "hand" (손) in self-reliance, I mentioned the character for "demand."

So initially, I want you to give 3,000 won. Don’t give too much. With that 3,000 won, I want you to sell pencils, sell soap. You must go to the market, go to crowded places and sell. More than the home church movement, you must prioritize fundraising. Right now, Americans and Japanese are all... Do you know how much the monthly responsibility in Japan is? It’s in the tens of millions of dollars. To give such money, you are acting like beggars, doing all sorts of things, while people are living and dying in this game, can you just sit and eat? Therefore, you must give your wives 3,000 won and use that for fundraising to offer it before the teacher. Do you understand? It’s because it’s a principle to support the restoration of the world that you are breaking down what you have transitioned into household management. That’s why the Japanese members are so grateful.

Now, ladies, can you be an exception? Is there an exception? "No!" Because there is no exception, now give only 3,000 won, and if you make it into pencils, if you sell 3,000 won worth... If 3,000 won is fifty pencils, it’s fine if it’s sixty pencils, just keep increasing it daily. Increase it daily and make thousands of dozens of pencils.

If they don’t sell, I will buy them from you. If that’s the case, you will all sell to me. If you want to sell to me, if I go to America and call, it will be tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of dollars... If it doesn’t work, I will sell it for you!
I do pencil sales without receiving help, so I buy and collect pencils. Why? Because if I have money, I spend it. The same goes for selling soap; I do soap sales for a day and buy soap to collect. Why? Because if I have all this money, I spend it. My husband is already struggling. What can I do? I create a savings account and tell him to deposit the money he earns from selling soap. This is how it should be done.

I gave such instructions the other day. Is there anyone here who attended that? "No, the people who attended were 777 families." 777 families. If 777 families can do it, can't you all? What about the wives? You all need to stop making excuses.

Whose wife is that? What I mean is, the wife is the mother of death (死) and the mother (母). She is a wife who is all about business, business. Even my Seongjin's mother, I made her do that for seven years. Before managing the household, she was busy running around, playing all sorts of games, carrying Seongjin... Knowing all that, I didn't help her even a penny. I couldn't help her. If I helped, heaven... Because I couldn't bear that, I got caught in that condition. How unfair must that be? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Mr. Moon, you don't seem to understand what I'm saying! Why did you come so late? If you're going to come, come quickly! Do you know what I said? "I have a rough idea." A rough idea? (Laughter) Can you get things done with a rough idea? "I organized everything before coming up." What did you organize? "I will explain later."

Home church workers must develop while forming relationships with senior families and son-in-law expectations.

Now, who is the president? "Unification Industry remains." How many families are there in Unification Industry, 36 families, 72 families, 124 families, 430 families? "Altogether, there should be over a hundred families." If we take all those people out, will it be okay? "If not, we have to manage without them." (Laughter) Let's make sure to take them all out. This time, we can't do it. These people have a providential responsibility representing Korea, so we can't do it. Send them all away. Instead, we should supplement the lacking workers with social workers.

How many technicians are there in Unification Industry? "I need to check the list." Did you take the list away? "There are no families." Instead, once home church is completed, they should be able to enter Unification Industry anytime. When they enter, the managers will be selected accordingly. It's about returning. Now, if we are going to do home church, we need to think about establishing ourselves there and not have other thoughts. Do you understand? Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes."

Next, who is the president? Where did the president of Ilshin Stone go? "He went out." Are you doing everything according to this principle? "Yes." Just as I said. Then, will you call those people here, or will you do it there? "Are you talking about local people? Local people should do it locally, even if it's just Seoul..." So, does that mean the Unification Industry in Changwon should do it there? "If we do that, after I get off work..." Let's first try to place them in Seoul. Concentrate on Seoul and do business or whatever, whether renting a room or something, establishing a base in Seoul. "Will everyone gather here, especially over 430 families?" Up to 430 families should be done in Seoul.

In this way, we will establish relative churches... forming sister relationships with each other. Centering on one person, we will form sister relationships with each other. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Then, we will center around 660 people and create 660 counterparts. We will make that happen. Mobilize local churches so that there can be 660 churches. Focus on local church cities and do everything. Anyone can do that. "What about the relevant pastors among the local church leaders?" Which region? "Among the pastors, there are more than 120 families..." Among the pastors, if there are people who can act on their behalf, it would be better for them to stay and come up to Seoul. Instead, quickly supplement those who can take their place.

The issue is Seoul, Seoul. Do you understand? If you build a church only in Seoul, important issues will be resolved from here. Therefore, we must establish ourselves based on 72 churches and find a way to settle there. And there are families from over 70 churches; the church leaders, 36 families, 72 families, 124 families, and 430 families should hold meetings, and when the local 430 families, 124 families, and 72 families come up, we will arrange them to live together and move together. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Who is the owner of that movement? The person living there is Cain, and the new person who has come alone to that area is Abel. You all are Cain, but since you are the Cain of the heavenly kingdom, you become the Cain for Abel. Do you understand? That doesn't mean Cain exploits Abel. That is Satan. We stand on Cain's side to support Abel. Therefore, stand in the position of Cain who can return. Do you understand? You must respect your sons and daughters and treat the families coming from the local area as stepchildren. This needs to be trained.

Look. To train for this, the teacher sent three people, a German, a Japanese, and an American, to the mission field even if they had no one else to go with. They all couldn't communicate. You all know that our missionary history has been like that, right? This is a historical fact. If we become one, heaven will be with us. If we don't become one, everything will go wrong. If the three countries don't unite... If the three families don't unite, it won't work. Do you understand? The unification of three families is not even a problem.

If there is an upper family and a lower family, it must form a four-position foundation. Whether it's three families or four families, if we don't form a four-position foundation, we cannot achieve the heavenly kingdom. A family-centered ideology based on self-centeredness is not a family based on the teachings of the Unification Church, and that is theoretically obvious.

That's the arrangement. Do you understand? "Yes." If there are no 36 families, we will call those under the leadership of 72 families... You all will arrange everything at home. We will vote and decide. If that happens, you must give up your wife's room. Even if it means giving up your child's place, you must give it up. Do you understand? "Yes." The 36 families, they are all abroad, right?

Then, the issue of moving has been resolved. "It hasn't been resolved. (Laughter) Because a family consists of 5 or 6 people, we can't live in one room..." The family stays behind, and only the husband comes. The wife stays there selling. I taught you all this; what can we do? Just give the wife 3,000 won and come. (Laughter) Who am I? Who am I? I left without giving a penny. I left without giving a penny. Just giving 3,000 won is enough. Ah, whatever happens, we must see the conclusion, whether we live or die. Isn't that right?

We must ensure that newly evangelized people receive training for 70 days.

Everyone, do you want to live like this forever? I don't like it. Until now, I couldn't do anything, so I lived like this, but now is not the time for that. Our time has come.

And the district leaders must now hand over the families of the 777 families and quickly create one church in each locality that can correspond to the 660 churches. Then, in a short period, that church or district will be blessed. Centering on 660, is it 8 provinces? Then 8 times 8 is 64. Yes, it would be good to have 80 or more. Then, the local issues will also be resolved, local issues. Do you understand? 

How to organize in the local area is to prepare the number of churches that can correspond to the headquarters' operations. If we report 120, we can organize 120, so we will divide everyone into groups of ten. Divide them into groups of ten. If there is no place within the district and there are empty churches, and if there are not ten people, we have already built churches in local towns, towns, and villages. We can first divide that. After that, we must focus more on city-level operations than on town-level operations. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." We must concentrate on city-level operations. Do you understand? Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes."

And each district leader must prepare a place where they can educate based on the province. To do that, we can buy a house next to the district headquarters, just one house. How much does it cost to buy a house? How much is it these days? "It varies by district. Some houses cost 30 million won, and some cost 50 million won..." Half of that cost should be borne by the headquarters. Do you understand? Buy a house next to the district and use it as an educational space. We must ensure that this is done. Half will be supported by the headquarters.

So, if we take ten, how much is that? How many are there? "There are ten districts." If we take five, how much is that? If it's 30 million won each, that's 15 million (3 x 5 = 15), "In small churches like Daejeon, we can't buy with 30 million won. We need to give 70 or 80 million won." 70 or 80 million won, the price keeps going up. (Laughter) Even if it's 70 million won, that's fine. (Laughter) If we buy for 70 million won, that's 35 million each, so 5 times 7 is 35, and 5 times 5 is 25. How much is that? "350 million won." 350 million won. This will be financed by the headquarters, whether by borrowing or however. When you prepare and say you have half, we should be able to provide it immediately. If there is no money, you can talk to Mr. Moon about it. Mr. Moon, don't make any payments. If possible, follow the principle of what the members do, and if God says to pay, then do it, but before that, don't do it.

Now, the training center of the district headquarters has also been resolved. Now, what you all need to focus on is conducting a 2-day training session for home church. This has been formalized. The training methods include 2-day training, 7-day training, 21-day training, and 40-day training. To become a member of the Unification Church, one must complete the 40-day training within 7 months. Do you understand what I mean? It's not about just getting them to work right after they join. Absolutely no fundraising will be done.

The first 2-day training is to make them aware of their own position. Once they undergo the 2-day training, they can change their mindset about traditional concepts and the concepts of the Unification Church, realizing, "Oh, this is good. I was wrong until now," and they can change their mindset.

Then, when they undergo the 7-day training, what happens? From a change of mindset, it becomes a change of self. They realize, "Oh, after listening to the words, I must become a sanctified body and overcome Satan; I must escape from the satanic world!" and they dissolve their own concepts.

Then, through the 3-week training, they realize, "Oh, I must go the path of restoration through indemnity!" They become aware of this. By centering on conscious belief, they do this...

Then, if they complete the 40-day training, they will realize, "Oh, since I'm going anyway, I must become a responsible person and must go the path of restoration through indemnity. I must do home church." This is the path the responsible person must take. We will train them like this... Before that, absolutely do not make them work. Make them do evangelism work.

And when educating, during the 2-day training, emphasize the 7-day training, and during the 7-day training, emphasize the 21-day training. Even if they ask questions, advise them, "You will receive answers during the 21-day training," saying, "This will be answered during the 21-day training. This will be answered during the 40-day training. You haven't reached that stage yet. I will definitely provide answers, so ask during the 40-day training, ask during the 21-day training." 

This way, during the lecture, they will have questions about the next training content and training. Do you understand what I mean? Thus, we must ensure that they receive 70 days of training within 6 months. Within 6 months... The number 7 signifies rest, so they will follow along. Within 7 months or within 6 months, they must take responsibility... Within 6 months, the Unification Church must ensure that they complete the 70-day training.

We must lay the foundation for self-made success through an organized plan.

In this principle, all members of the Unification Church today, those who have not passed through this principle, will start anew from now on. Do you understand? We must quickly pass the re-education of all members of the Unification Church. In America, overall... England and Europe have all finished. England and America are recruiting additional members in earnest.

Thus, to be appointed as a church leader, one must complete the 120-day training in a formal church system. Do you understand what I mean? Currently, they are conducting the 120-day training in America. All the leaders in Europe have also completed the 120-day training and are back, engaging in 7 months of activity. Therefore, if possible, when others come in, we must not do fundraising. In any case, they must be educated.

When they receive the 2-day training, they should receive the 7-day training, and when they receive the 7-day training, they should receive the 21-day training, and this continues. If they receive the 7-day training but cannot attend the 21-day training, they should be prepared to attend the 21-day training. In the principle book, it states, "You must comply with the instructions of your spiritual parents," and that is undeniable. They must do it thoroughly. On the book's page, first, they should ask, "When will you go for training? When will you go for the 21-day training? When will you go within 6 months?" 

Then, set a date and until that day...

If today is what date? October? "20th." The 20th. If they say, "I will go on January 30," how much is that? This is 10 days, 30 days, 31 days... (While writing on the board) "102 days." In 102 days, they must read the principle book pages, calculating. They must read it three times, three times. They must read it three times, in principle. Even if they don't do that, they must ensure they read it three times. If the period is short, they can give them two times...

This way, they will be prepared to go for training. They will check every ten days, from which pages to which pages. This is all part of the educational method. This is not just interference; it is about nurturing through education. After the 21-day training, they must decide when they will go until the 40-day training... Once that is set, they will automatically go. If they don't go, it will be impossible.

And during that empty period, all the materials for the 40-day training will be prepared, all the study materials will be there... In the future, we will make all the video tapes for the 40-day training.

Have you finished half of the 21-day training? "Yes." They are all being recorded on video. Centering on that, we will also educate them with the same book. 

Thus, by centering on the foundation they have studied, they will be taught through lectures to complete...
This will be resolved. It's not done out of ignorance. By going through a normal course of 40 days of training, we are creating someone who can be responsible as the home church leader. If that is not possible, we will create someone capable of explaining using video tapes. We will fully develop this movement. Then, all those involved in home church will need to purchase things like televisions and playback devices. They need to prepare for that. When it comes to setting their intentions, it's not about the teacher giving them money to buy things. They must earn the money themselves, working hard and selling everything. They even work at night.

That's why the other day, centered around the family assembly, I talked to the president of this association and said, "To establish tradition, standardize this. Stay up all night." If you have the ability, make a small shelf in our unification industry and cut all the clock parts. We will cut the parts made in Germany and France here. We will cut the parts made in America here. So, we are producing that.

In this way, we are laying the foundation for self-sufficiency. We are becoming self-made. Centered on one foundation, we must support all the family members around us with a spirit of independence, and become a supply source that can support all our family members who are on the front lines. That cannot be done by the headquarters. If the entire nation becomes deeply immersed in such ideology, the more it gets darker, the stronger that nation will become, and it will develop powerfully. That is theoretical. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Why is Dr. Yoon going out again? Is he going to the bathroom? "Yes, I need to go to the restroom." (Laughter) I can't speak if Dr. Yoon is not here. (Laughter) Do you understand? "Yes." We need to produce trainees this time, quickly. The sooner, the better. Let's carry our bundles for two months. We are all suffering together anyway. That's why, when we meet members of the Unification Church in the future, we will greet them by asking, "Did you receive the 40-day training? When did you do it?"

The principle of restoration starts from the position of a servant. 

Have you all received the 40-day training? You haven't, right? If you haven't, you all have to pass through it again. So, I told the president of the American association, "Hey, you haven't received the 120-day training, right?" "Yes." "You have to pass through it. Go in!" He's busy right now, but everyone must receive it. Do you understand? "Yes."

In the future, the president of the association will be the overall educational officer. "Yes." The 70-day formal course, and when they say they will devote themselves, they will be appointed as home church leaders. This is how we appoint home church leaders.

The method of home church is to go out and diligently serve as the servant of servants, cleaning the doors and doing such tasks. It's being the servant of servants. Starting from cleaning the bathroom, we begin to rise. We are going up in restoration. Eventually, the roles of master and servant will be reversed, with the master going out to work, and I will act as the master. Do you understand what I mean? It will definitely happen. It will happen.

You also need to clearly understand the principles. This is the principle. That is the principle. Do you think it will be like that, or not?

Now, let's resolve the training center, "Yes," and also resolve the education, "What about other organizations or such?" What? You didn't mention organizations, only businesses. What organizations? "The interdenominational, the Unification Federation..." Ah, those things can be dealt with later. Let's do that later. First, do the district leaders understand this educational system? "Yes." So, hurry up to set up relative churches that can become substantial, up to 430, centered around each province. The more you do, the more blessings from heaven there will be.

What organizations are affiliated with the association? "There are many. Interdenominational, Unification Federation, Professor Academy, Unification Thought..." How many are there in the Unification Thought Research Institute? How many in the Unification Federation? And there are other organizations too, right?

How many departments are there in the association? "There are over 430 families in the association." Can't we replace them with 777 families? Check it out, and replace them all with 777 families. "There are seven people." Seven people in the association, replace all seven with 777 families. If it's 777 families, how old are they? Over 30, right? How old? "The average is between 35 and 38." Oh, that’s just right. (Laughter) That’s good. Replace them all with 777 families. All organizations, all organization members should find a way to replace them with 777 families. (After this, there will be a personnel reshuffle.)

Now is the time to innovate the system.

So, that’s generally all done. And the executives of this organization should all be reinforced with 1800 families. "Yes." That should be possible. It will be good to work at the headquarters for those who are active. "Well, they are too young..." "The head of the headquarters is in the same position as the district leaders, so it seems difficult to set up very young people." Yes, older people are also difficult. "How about just changing the older ones?" Who are the older ones? "The long-standing district leaders..." The older ones are all assigned. Those people, the older ones, should all go out to pioneering churches. Once the principle is set, just do it as it is. "Yes." The head is the head, but think of it as being in the same position as the local ministers, and gradually change those who have results. Do you understand? It cannot be done like that. We need to innovate based on this principled standard. We cannot just leave it as it is.

Where did the Titanium President of Korea go? "Yes." Use the Baekgu Seop well, based in Incheon. If you take Baekgu Seop out, it will be difficult, right? "Yes, it is difficult." So, make sure to go out every day to do home church in Incheon and wake up early to supervise.

"Yes, thank you." (Laughter) You left out that one person now. "Father, since you appointed the district leaders from among these, the heads should also be from among these..." If you do that, you have to change everything. "At least the heads..." Take them out from the 777 families. (Laughter) Why are you laughing? "The head of the association should give instructions and discuss with the district leaders..." That’s what the president of the association does, not them. The president does that.

After assigning them, all the leaders should cultivate and use their juniors. Since the 777 families are now thirty-five, I think they are better than the older ones. Do you understand? Better than being stagnant. "They are not older." You need to place young people so that even if foreign guests come, they won't be flustered, and the locals won't be flustered either. I dislike a high-handed attitude. Do you understand? That’s why it is. The headquarters should be humble towards the local areas. When you are in a position like Abel, you should have the heart to bow your head and serve for the locals. In important positions in the headquarters or organizations, such heads are good, but if they are not heads and are 777 families, they are insignificant. Just think of them as nominal heads. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." They are nominal heads. The real head may not be known for decades. "Don't appoint them as heads; you can make them section heads or vice heads, but there are no nominal heads. If they are heads, they are heads." Just a nominal head. If they recognize themselves as such, that’s enough.

In the old headquarters, everyone was family... Where did Jeong Su-won go? Even Jeong Su-won did not listen and did things his own way. Where did he go, Jeong Su-won? When entering the president's office, he would just walk in and out without knocking, acting recklessly. People like Kim Chan-kyun would get upset and just jump up and leave in front of the director. Where are such children in the world? They don’t understand the world. That’s a matter of life and death. They are all life-and-death matters! Such kids are the reason the association is being humiliated. Do you understand? This system needs to be innovated this time. Also, they sit around without coming to work, trying to take advantage. That won’t work. From now on, they must come to work.

In terms of hierarchy, I feel bad this time... Where did Chairman Kim go? I called three times, but he doesn’t even know where he is. Where is such behavior acceptable? They need to be sure of their place. They must establish clear hierarchies and act accordingly. How can they know what orders will come from above? If they cannot respond immediately to a call order, they are not qualified to be responsible at the headquarters. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." In that regard, it is good to work with young people.

Now, where will everyone go? They have become home church leaders. "Everyone here is a home church leader, but those here are pastors. They are going to become church leaders." Church leaders. The people here do not get paid at all. How much did you receive at Ilhwa? "550,000 won." What will you do if you live on 200,000 won and it’s not enough? There’s Kang Jeong-ja, right? I don’t know if you make her do business or what. It’s the same, the same. I will cut off everything beyond that. There’s no room for complaints. "I will just live by putting a cloth on my butt." (Laughter) So now I am saying 120 million won. If there are a thousand people who want to die for the president's discretion, help one of them. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." If there are a thousand people, help one of them. No matter what, establish the principle of not helping and set the condition to help. "Since you made it public, they will ask you to give out 120 million won." 120 million won. "What if they say, 'Why aren’t you giving the 120 million won?'" If someone says that, send them to me. Report to the teacher. There’s not even a drop left, you kids. I will take away your manhood. (Laughter) You said you received all the seeds, right? Didn’t you receive all the seeds? (Laughter) So, is there anything to complain about? (Laughter) It’s cold in winter...

Now, the training center has been resolved, and the living issues have all been resolved. So, in about two years, won’t everyone be settled? Those who still can’t do it... From now on, it’s competition. Anything beyond that, if there are only 120 people, if there are between 80 and 120, we will breed more. We will distribute. Do you understand? "Yes." If it exceeds 80, if it reaches 90, we will send one out, to the church. Do you understand? We will do home church, call from the local area, and send out ten people. It will be fine if we can reach 80 families. Even if we only have 70 families, we can live, right? "Yes." This is how we will see how many offspring we can produce.

"The wives who go out to evangelize need to come back for us to work in earnest." The wives should do it; what does it have to do with them? "You told us to do business." (Laughter) They should come back after filling seven months. Until then, if the man does business or whatever, it’s the same... What if the wife dies? Isn’t it better than the wife dying? You need to think like that. Is there still two months left? "There are three months left." If there are three months left, when will they come back? "They will come back on January 18." January 18. Then they will only fill six months and come back, right? "How about making a big shift this time?" (Applause) We need to set conditions, conditions. "Since we went out in accordance with orders, please allow us to move according to this big shift." Let’s do that. (Applause) Then, it seems that most of the administrative tasks are done.

What is left now? I have written down all the instructions in my notebook, and today we have done most of it.

Run day and night.

Then, the five-year plan has all been broken down. "Yes, the two-year plan has been achieved." Now, we are running day and night. We are running 24 hours a day. For a year, we must compete every day, no matter what we do. If you lack skills, create a three-member team. Form a three-member team and promote joint activities. If you have the ability to lecture, gather them and provide support while developing. If you do this with a three-member team, the church will automatically grow.

And in about a year, we need to select international missionaries. Who can speak English? Raise your hands. "To what extent?" What do you mean by to what extent, the highest level. "Lee Seung-bu and Kim Jin-moon." Who? Who is Lee Seung-sik? "It’s Lee Seung-bu." Who is Lee Seung-bu? Isn’t he zero in activity? He can’t go on a mission. Next, how many families are there? "There are 72 families." We need to remove a few people from here. "We received instructions to retrain, so we did retraining. Please select from among them." Who received retraining? Stand up. What is this, are all the district leaders coming in? Sit down. Should we remove just two people? "Yes." Lim Do-soon! (Applause) Oh, wait. I said to stand up; we will clap later. Next, who wants to go abroad? Raise your hands. What will you do abroad? Do you know how to have a conversation? "I have been studying English for a long time." Who told you to study English? Did you do it without my permission? "Didn’t you say to learn three languages?" Should we mobilize An Chang-seong again? Will he make mistakes again? What do you think? Will he do well? "Yes, I will do well." Are you confident? If he had done well before, all 124 families would be abroad now. I was trying to take all these families out. It has been eight years, from 1964 to 1971. There are plenty left to take out.

Next, one more, Yoo Jong-young. That mischievous kid. "Father, I think I am in trouble today." (Laughter) Did Kwak Jeong-hwan go? "Yes, he is here." We need to create a missionary. Who else do we need? From the 72 families, remove a few people; are there none from the 36 families? "Choi Pil-man." Choi Pil-man? He went and got sick... Where did Choi Pil-man go? Choi Pil-man! "Yes." Did you get in trouble while being a missionary? Being a missionary should be good. "I did activities with the mobile team." What? "I did activities with the mobile team." Do you want to try being a missionary? "Right now, it seems difficult." Why? "I only weigh 55 kilograms." (Laughter) If you weigh 55 kilograms, can’t you walk? "I can walk well, but..." Then what? "You have to run there." (Laughter) That’s true; you have to run. "Kim Jin-moon is good." Where did Kim Jin-moon go? Kim Jin-moon would be good. How old is he? How many families are there? "There are 430 families." Would it be good if 430 families do it? Didn’t Kim Jin-moon make a mistake at Ilhwa? "Yes?" He was at Ilhwa at first, right? "He was at Ilhwa, and now he is at Ilseong Construction." Did they take him from Ilseong? Kim Jin-moon, try to take him out.

Choi Pil-man would be okay in the Asian region. "Yes, I will try." The Asian region is indeed wide. "Lee Jeong-kyun is also good at English." Lee Jeong-kyun should sell the signboard of Unification Industries. Isn’t it needed? What kind of trading company? "He is the head of the trading department." Since he is the head of the trading department, he can borrow the name, right? Does that person have no value in Korea? "Didn’t we agree to evangelize?" We agreed to evangelize, but can’t we use the qualification of being a trading company? Isn’t it needed? Lee Jeong-kyun needs to evangelize. Being a missionary is not easy. You need to have all the experiences and do this. 

Next, where will Choi Pil-man try? He only knows English, right? "Yes, I only know English." South America...
Is there anyone who speaks Spanish? Is there anyone among the Korean community who has become a family member? Is there anyone who speaks Spanish? Who would be qualified to be a missionary? How about that guy Song Mun-kyu? Shall we raise him and give him a try? "Yes." That guy seems like a thug, so he shouldn't originally be used. Originally, he should have been removed from the company, but because of this measure, we had no choice but to do so. It was put in there for the prestige of the 36 families. Song Mun-kyu! Where did you go? Come out here. Everyone come out.

Next, who? What happened to Kim Kwan-hae this time? "I will take charge of the church, the family church." Do you want to try being a missionary? "I don't have confidence." Don't you have anything else to do? "I am in charge of the evangelism department." But everyone has quit being the head of the evangelism department, right? "I am the head of the evangelism department." (Laughter) Come out here, Kim Kwan-hae. It might be good to try flying once. I’m here, so try greeting in English. (Laughter) Do you have the confidence to greet? "I speak Japanese well." We don't need a missionary who speaks Japanese. Where did that guy Song Mun-kyu go? That kid has no luck.

Next, who else is there among the 36 families? Who is Lee So-dam's son? "Kim Won-min." Is Kim Won-min not here? "He is down in Changwon." What is he doing in Changwon? Is he at the factory in Changwon? "Yes." Who else do we need? How many are there? "Six people." Let's send Yoo Jong-young to the most difficult place... Where would be the most difficult? Sending him to the Middle East would be the hardest. "He can speak a little Chinese..." Try greeting in Chinese. If you can't even greet, how will you talk somewhere? (Laughter) "You have to understand something." (Laughter) I will understand it, you rascal.

In the past, who received help? Yoo-sik was studying English and received help, right? Where did Yoo-sik go? "Yoo Jin-hee." Yoo Jin-hee, where did you go? Can you speak a little English? "I can speak well." Come out and try greeting. Come out and try greeting. "What greeting?" Try greeting in English. "If you make me a missionary, I will surely do well, and I will become a model missionary of the Unification Church in the future, and I will become a hopeful missionary of the Unification Church, and wherever I go, I will be someone that the country and the church can welcome." Try saying that. "I can't even do it in Korean." (Laughter) Chan-kyun, can you speak English? "I am studying, but I can't greet in English right now." (Laughter) Now, going out will be quite difficult for Chan-kyun. Talking a lot of unnecessary things. "No, I am very principled in faith." You need to do some church work for about a year. I think so. There is no church there. It is really difficult to pioneer and lead emotionally when there is none. You need to have material to talk about. "He will hope for it too."

Okay, Kim Chan-kyun, come out. I don't know if you will be a missionary or do something else. What will you do? I have people here who can be employed for business. There should also be someone who can contact in Europe. What I need in the future is that we need intelligence agents in our Unification Church. Everyone should be able to report to that person secretly... All members must be able to report. If they know it well but do not report, they must be held accountable. The time has come for such a system.

Next, who is there? "There isn't a single person among the 124 families. Please select one person from the 124 families." How about the 72 families? Yoo Jin-hee, how many families are there? "There are 72 families." Come out. "There is one person in the 124 families." Who? "Um Il-seop is there." Who is Um Il-seop? We appointed everyone earlier, so what about that? In order to train everyone in the future, it is necessary. I think he is suitable for the training center. He will surely organize well and educate well. I think so. Through that process, he must go out to the foreign training centers and become an instructor. In the future, we will need training center leaders.

If we are going to expand to mass production, I would make 300 units a month, but now we can only make 80? This month, we will produce 80 units? "This month, we will produce 90 units." We need to make 300 units each. There is not always a time for that. Under Yoo's leadership, we need someone with a certification, so we are keeping him. So I plan to have you do home church next to the factory. Do you understand what I mean? Right now, Yoon Il-sung is taking on a very important responsibility, so it is quite difficult for Yoo to see.

So how many people are here? Number! "One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight." Those who want to do something other than being a missionary, raise your hands. You don’t know what you will do. Where did President Kim go? "He is outside." Where can he go? Come in. "I am not feeling well." It seems that all the demons of the world have attached themselves now that I have turned 54. (Some parts were not recorded due to poor audio quality.)

That's why going back and forth to Germany would be good. "Please let me stay a bit longer. There is nothing to do in Germany right now." There are many things to do in Germany right now. (Laughter) Everything is a problem from the start. Because of such issues, if we set up even one person who can play a leading role in Germany, we can trust and go out. Germany is quite busy right now.

From now on, we all need to buy houses, and we need to start selling places from now on. Once the court issue in the U.S. is resolved, I will immediately go to Europe and show off. Do you know what showing off is? When you go to the fish market, you show off, right? This is how we need to quickly finish things. We are currently investing a huge amount of wealth there, and in the future, we need to quickly set the direction for the Third World and put everything in our direction. If we hesitate, we will miss it. The unification industry is as it is. So what I am worried about now is that someone has to play the role of the owner. Dr. Kim alone cannot do it. Dr. Kim handled the economic issues, but there needs to be someone who can cooperate, and there must be a responsible leader who can guide in terms of faith.

So, do you need a missionary, Kwak Jeong-hwan? "Yes." This time you have to go without saying a word while being tied up on the roadside! Are you confident, Kwak Jeong-hwan? "Yes." Where would be good? Choose from the older people as you wish. Where? "Europe." If you go to Europe, all those old people are there, and if rumors spread, what will you do? "Then I will go somewhere else." Where else? "I will go to Asia." There are many people who can do it in Asia. When you say Asia, where is it? Japan, and then where? The Philippines... Yes, try it in Asia. In the future, I plan to change it once in a while. After doing it several times, you will know the situation.

Next, where does Chan-kyun want to go? Go somewhere where you will suffer. Should we go to South America? We don't need North America, right? "Yes." Isn't North and South America two regions? "Yes, they are separate." North America is already doing it by itself, so it probably won't be needed. Do we need North America? "Yes, Central America, including Mexico..." If we go to South America, it includes everything below the U.S. It includes all of Central and South America. If we say North America, it includes all the way to Canada. Go to South America, South America. It would be good to suffer a bit in South America. Next, what about Choi? "Choi Pil-man." Choi Pil-man! "Yes." Do you want to try it in Europe? "It will be difficult right now." Then? "I will do it in a year." In a year? "Yes." In a year, what... "I am continuously getting healthier."

Those who are loyal to the purpose do not die.

Next, who is it? "Kim Jin-moon." Kim Jin-moon. Who will you send to Europe? You need to speak English well to go to Europe. Do you want to send Kim Jin-moon to Europe or Yoo Jong-young? Will Yoo Jong-young speak English well? Can he express himself? "He can do simple sermons." He can do simple sermons but cannot express himself. Where would be good? Where do you want to go? "I will try in Europe." Europe. You cannot do poorly in Europe. You will have to wrestle with Choi Chang-rim again. "I have no relation to that." Does anyone have a relation? All the giants from Korea are going there, and if Yoo Jong-young goes, he will be in the group that speaks English the worst. That person is good at boasting, and when he speaks, (laughter) if his lips are thick like that, he will tell lies and laugh three times and then forgive everything. (Laughter) "Father, then am I a liar..." Ah, you have a lot of potential for that, and there are times when you are like that. When the east wind blows, you blow the west wind. I will send you to Europe, treating it as if I am being deceived. You must do well.

Next, where is it? Where is left? "The Middle East and Africa." The Middle East and Africa. Africa speaks a lot of French, but it would be great if someone who can speak English and Japanese goes to Africa. Since our missionaries are there, we can have them interpret. From now on, I plan to focus on Africa. You are going to South America, right? "Yes." Where is this? You haven't decided? "Teacher, the 124 families..." Who are the 124 families? Are there no 124 families? What will we do if there aren't? Where is Kim Jin-moon? Should we send him to Africa or the Middle East as a missionary? It would be good if he gets bitten by malaria in Africa. "I understand it as an honor." It would be good to go through there. From Africa. You need to speak French, study French. So, Africa, and then what? Who is left? "Im Do-soon." Im Do-soon, Kim Kwan-hae is going to the Middle East; it will be a bit difficult for him. He looks like a Middle Eastern person, Kim Kwan-hae. (Laughter) There are many interesting anecdotes about doing missionary work in the Middle East, and I heard from Kim Byung-ho that there are many interesting stories. In the future, many Korean companies will go out, and it would be good to make friends. You should go through it and do well in the future.

Im Do-soon will go to Germany with the president. Do you understand, president? Take Im Do-soon with you, Im Do-soon? "Yes." Go to Germany and either make him a missionary or have him supervise making boats... I will buy a fishery company. Go there and do whatever. Otherwise, I will create three companies for sale, and three people are needed for that. In this way, everyone will supervise that, or anyway, go with the president... The president must go back and forth. He will also go back and forth to Korea while assisting... He will work together with Kim Gye-hwan.

How many countries are there in Central America? There are about 14 countries, right? Is it 25 countries? How many countries are there? We don't need to send two people to Central America. "South America is big." South America is big, but it has only 7 countries and then about 10 or 15 countries. Isn't that right? That should be enough. Yoo Jin-hee?

Have we done all of Oceania? "There is no Oceania." We need to do Oceania. "Yes." Isn't Oceania the sixth continent? "It would be good to connect those two countries with Southeast Asia." Is it too far? It's too far. Oceania. "It only uses English completely." Then, it can be purely in English. Then, Ahn Chang-seong would be good. Now, let's give a round of applause. (Applause)

The Victory Alliance must organize itself to become the counterpart of the church.

You guys, you must go as leading agents or sales agents of Unification Industries. "We all have passports." Do you all have passports? "Yes." Those who don't have them should work as pioneering agents. "Those who speak English..." It's not about leaving them; it's about using their names while making pioneering churches here. "Since I am a practical worker, I must work." You say you must work because you are a practical worker? Do home church while doing it. More than working... Then, it will decrease a lot. "Because I am the church leader, I cannot hold another position. I am not just doing home church. I am completely the church leader. I preach and lecture from morning till evening, so I cannot." Someone else can see the office work, right? That is not a problem.

Now, it is mostly finished. What is left? "Everything is done." Shall I release you now? "Yes." What time are you leaving tomorrow? What time is it? "It’s at 1:30." 1:30. "The office director of the Victory Alliance in each province..." We are taking out based on the 777 families. Do you understand? We are taking out representatives from all the ministers nationwide. Do you understand? "Yes." We are taking out representatives nationwide. Do you understand? "Yes." We are also taking out those who were ministers. Do you understand? I believe we can select excellent people from there. Do you understand? "Yes." While they are active, they must be advisors and oversee everything while guiding. And the provincial, county, and township heads should think about how to utilize social people. Have you rented an office up to the county now? Are you utilizing that? "Some are utilized, and some are not." Why can't you utilize it? If you can't utilize it, you should agree with the provincial head and use it as a church training center. Do you understand? "Yes." That’s how it is. There is no need to close the door.

In the future, the Victory Alliance, if possible, the heads of the provincial branches, how to educate and train... This must be expedited. President Kim! "Yes." The other day, when I went, I paid all the training expenses for the provincial heads. Now, among the 63,000 people, only 4,000 have done it. "Father, you didn't give that much money." Why not? At that time, I gave 200 or 300 each and went. Didn’t I give instructions to do it within a short time? "What was received has all remained." Has it all remained? "There have been many public hearings at the local level." Did you do all 63,000 people through public hearings? "You said to do 50 percent of that." So did you do all 50 percent? "Yes." What do I know? "The provincial and district heads could not do it, but only the town and village heads did." In the future, the provincial and district heads will also do it. We need provincial and district heads. Do whatever it takes. Do you understand? "Yes."

How much did you give to each person at that time? "10,000 won each." Was it 50 percent at that time? If we had started well then, we would have done it all. You guys were just dawdling... That should have been done. That’s why the teacher said to hurry up, right? I instructed you to do it all by May 15, but you all... You did it wrong. You should have sent all the cash quickly, but you sat there dawdling and missed the timing.

Don’t do it by ministry; gather the branch heads as much as possible and educate them. "Are you talking about the provincial heads?" The provincial heads should do it. The provincial and district heads. Do that first and hurry up. More than what others are doing, do you understand? Focusing on that aspect and doing it quickly will strengthen the internal and external organizations. All external organizations, while making the regional heads of the Victory Alliance an external organization, the church organization must also be...
to maintain its existence. Therefore, it is necessary to consider how to strengthen the ties with the Soviet Union through the Communist Party, which is centered in China, in order to confront the Western line. 

In this context, the Unification Church must play a pivotal role. The Unification Church is the only entity that can transcend national borders and unite people based on ideological foundations. This is not just a fantasy or delusion; it is at the stage of realization. 

The future of the world depends on how we can connect the yellow race with the white and black worlds. There are many conflicts at international conferences, especially among scholars, where racial tensions often arise. The white race often finds itself in a vulnerable position against the onslaught of other races. It is the responsibility of Asians to bridge these gaps. However, without a solid foundation, Asians cannot establish their own base. But if we draw upon the foundation laid by Reverend Moon, everything will follow suit.

This is not mere speculation; it is a reality that is unfolding. 

Furthermore, why should we involve Germany? Germany is currently in a precarious situation. If conflicts arise with the Soviet Union, the Western nations will be completely at risk of losing Germany. Therefore, we must consider whether there is a basis for Germany to attack the Asian region. The only way for West Germany to survive is to strengthen its ties with the Soviet Union through strategic alliances that involve China. 

In conclusion, the Unification Church must take the lead in these efforts to create a unified world, transcending borders and cultural backgrounds. This is the path we must pursue to achieve a peaceful and unified future.
There is none. Therefore, no matter what, welcome to lead us to Asia. It is about moving with that in mind. Such positional conditions… China and the Soviet Union are in confrontation. Anyway, China has historically been an enemy across the Great Wall. Therefore, we need to connect whites and Asians. To connect this, we need to connect technology. I calculated about 5 million dollars regarding North Manchuria and South Manchuria, by consulting the Chinese embassy. What if we build a factory of this scale? It would be greatly welcomed. With this, we will only send our unification industrial machines… The important thing is to send them as they are and let them break down within three years. How do we deal with that? All the Koreans in Manchuria are independent, so their level is high. I also investigated the level of education for their sons, and it is quite high. It cannot be compared to the Chinese. There, everyone is listening to the radio, but they do not listen to Kim Il-sung's North Korean broadcasts; they only listen to those from South Korea. If this connects, I will immediately set up a factory. There is a way. From now on, while purchasing five major factories in the machinery field, we will also conduct behind-the-scenes operations in the policy area through Germany.

We need to connect with China using global machine industry technology. So, what position is China in now? The economic policy based on the Communist Party system centered around the Cultural Revolution has completely failed. Therefore, they are in a position to re-evaluate this and bring in opinions from a Western-style economic system, so who will they bring in from the West? Germany rather than the United States. Why bring in Germany? Because it is positioned within the Eastern Bloc that is confronting the Soviet Union, Germany will not align with the Soviet Union as long as it remains in East Germany. Because of this position, we need to quickly pull Germany to our side and be able to defend against the scientific and technological fields of the Soviet Union. I see that as the fastest way. However, just having China will not fill this gap. Germany invested, and it all failed. This economic advisory group consists of three of our scientists as the core, with five people going. These people will now go and establish a comprehensive new economic system for China… The best idea there is to prepare for the issue of overseas Koreans in China. Therefore, to approach Western society, I must place a bridge here. Then it will explode like setting fire to dynamite. That’s why I’m in a hurry now.

And what’s good? There are now nearly a million of our compatriots in Japan, and these compatriots are silently contributing to Japanese industrial technology. Establishing factory facilities in general factories, buying land, investing all assets, and managing under massive resource input to make a profit is quite difficult. Therefore, our compatriots are all setting up lathes at home. It’s a home factory, a home factory. They are receiving all subcontracting from Japanese factories at a cheap price below 40 percent of the salary given in the factory. If all of this goes through Japan and Korea and reaches the Koreans in Manchuria, our factory will be successfully… not running at a deficit but operating at a profit immediately. Everything produced at a low price can be sold in Japan and West Germany. China is just making noise… (laughter) That’s the plan. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.”

So, these five major factories, one is a famous automatic lathe, then boring, milling, polishing, and then pressing, if we have these, it will create a powerful system in heavy industry… Because of this, all the national key industries will stand. We will weave this together, and our standard for interaction is the Prime Minister and the Minister of Commerce of the country. Do you understand what I mean? The path to connect with the highest power of that country, the Prime Minister, is connected all over the world. Therefore, the biggest problem is developing something that no country, including Germany, Japan, the United States, or the United Kingdom, can do. We need a development center that exceeds the trade center in the United States. Here, we will use famous scholars, scholars connected to our international scientific community. We need to gather brains and realize the designs to implement those ideas. To do this, we will receive all designs from around the world and order them, designing them quickly and selling them, and for good items, we will manufacture everything internally… Once we secure a market where everything produced can be sold 100 percent, concentrating the world’s technology from all directions into one place will not be a problem.

You have trained all this, and now they are evaluating various things in Hanover, and they are saying exactly what you said. I am talking about the direction that the machine industry should go in the future, which I have taught you all. Therefore, it is a difficult task, but once we lay the foundation and take flight, electronics will be nothing. Industries like machinery must exist; in other words, a steel mill cannot do anything without a machine factory. If something like a roller breaks down, it cannot be repaired. Therefore, you must understand that this is a global technology that is like a backbone. Do you understand? 

The Unification Church is pushing for the establishment of factories in various countries and is becoming a topic of discussion. Now, connecting this with Japan… Therefore, when I say I have bought all the factories in Germany, it is like having bought Mitsubishi Heavy Industries. Can we sell factories like Hitachi Heavy Industries in Japan? We cannot, but the time has come when we can sell them. It sounds like a dream. These are factories with hundreds of years of history, but if God protects me… When that day comes, I know Na Katsuma, the chairman of Mitsubishi, well, but he is like our family. Such people are holding on to our tails…

So, when we absorb Japan, we will absorb German technology, and if we absorb the United States, there is a possibility that we can absorb the three major economic powers of the world. Then we will sell all the machinery to the United States. Since labor costs are the highest in the U.S., we can always do it for less than 30 percent. 

Mr. Moon, did you hear that? Did you hear that we will set up a factory in South America next April? “I haven’t heard.” I instructed them to make all the blueprints and go. Did two missionaries come? “Five missionaries came, but I didn’t hear that.” A German followed them, but two came from Africa. We will establish a factory worth 5 million dollars in the early part of next year, and we plan to set one up in Africa in the latter half. This is how we teach everything.

So we will create an education space and also cut parts. “We must cultivate people before establishing the factory.” Where do we get people? As long as they eat, they will work. Will the machinery products suffer losses? You can’t think like that. You can’t think like yourself and wonder when it will happen. So, if you make the parts and send them, assemble them. Assemble them here and send them to Japan. Assemble them in Japan and in Germany, and keep cutting them down. Over there, they will just let them eat and not pay them. (laughter) So, we cannot be defeated. We are making the same German products. We are making and selling Japanese products. So, this has low costs.

Because of this, I am now appearing in Germany as a mysterious figure and becoming a topic of discussion. Don’t laugh, kids. I am preparing for that work. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” So, the German factory and the unification industry are running together. We will bring everything. Then, from Changwon, we will cut parts and do everything. Mr. Moon! “Yes.” We don’t need people. Let’s subcontract to them to cut. Bring them to our factory, and if they can make one machine in a week and pass it, let’s have them do one at a time. Do you understand? “Yes.” There is no problem with people. There are plenty of people. All the machines are idle, and if we assign one machine to our factory and it passes, the person making it… All the machines in that area are sleeping, and they can go there and make it and just assemble it as it is. Don’t worry about that. I see that we can do it cheaper than our labor costs. Do you understand?

Therefore, the Changwon Industrial Complex will be our active stage. We must revive it for Korea to survive. That’s a big deal. We must do heavy industry. Is heavy industry easy? It’s hard. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” 

So, Seilo, our exhibition sales office… What is Seilo? In English, it means sale. What does this mean? In our Korean language, it means the world. So, Seilo means the world’s first road, that’s the meaning of Seilo. It’s a good name, so it connects to sale. When we say “lo,” it means rolling. That’s the meaning. Do you understand? It means we are rolling and selling. We are selling everywhere in the world.

So, we are currently doing this in three places in Germany, one in Italy, and one in the UK. I bought a model location in Germany and returned. We are immediately starting five places in the United States. For the unification industry to grow significantly next year, we need to make more than 2,000. Did you receive the 1.5 million dollar L/C? “It hasn’t come in yet. I sent the offer, but it hasn’t arrived yet.” It will come in, even immediately. That’s what we need to make right away. “Yes.” How many does 1.5 million dollars amount to? “It will be 150.” 150. If I approve it, we must make 2,000. From now on, we will subcontract rather than make it ourselves. We will subcontract parts… Stack them next to the factory… Make that plan. We will subcontract. “If the quantity comes in, we can make it…” The problem is that they are not moving. You are worried that you can’t make the quantity, huh? (laughter) Have I done everything until now? “Still, it must be made here.” Well, making is not a problem. We will do it as I taught you. I have already paved the way for the business.

What will all the Unification Church people do? What kind of bosses are they? They are patching bosses. What is a patcher? A patcher fills holes in broken places. (laughter) It’s the easiest. They sit and play.

Talking all day makes my throat hurt and I’m sweating, so can you give me a break? “Yes.” Teacher, we don’t know when we will meet again, so work hard, and since the chairman has cooperated with that much money, please strive to achieve your goals before God! “Amen.” (Applause) 
* 
Selected Words of Rev. Sun Myung Moon <Volume> 
Printed January 15, 2002 
Published January 25, 2002 
Editor: Rev. Sun Myung Moon’s Words Compilation Committee 
Publisher: Hwang Seon Jo 
Publishing Company: Seonghwa Publishing Co. 
Address: 172-1 Cheongpa-dong 1-ga, Yongsan-gu, Seoul 
Phone Number: 715-3894~6, 701-0110 (Cheongpa Bookstore) 
Fax Number: 701-1991 
Registration Number: No. 3-98 
Registration Date: May 20, 1961