Mr. Sun Myung Moon's Selected Words
115
Mr. Sun Myung Moon's Words Compilation Committee

Foreword
                   President of the World Peace Unification Family, Hwang Seon-jo

Table of Contents
  Foreword …………………………………………………… 3
··························································································9
······················································································· 70
·····················································································156
·····················································································165
·····················································································190
·····················································································277
·····················································································400
·····················································································400


8   
9 
 God is my shield and witness
 My beloved comrades and dear Unification Church members! I am deeply impressed by your enthusiastic support today. Upon hearing this news in Seoul, I immediately set aside everything and voluntarily returned to New York, and today I am here for this historic trial. 
 Everyone, I am innocent. I have committed no wrongdoing. I have nothing to hide. My life has been a journey of co-existence. I do not fear the trial; rather, I welcome it. Because through this judicial process, justice will prevail, the truth will be revealed, and ultimately, it will bring victory to the millions of world believers who are suffering due to the unjust persecution of this American government.
 I have deep respect and trust in the American judicial system. I also have confidence in the judge and jurors handling this case. America is still the best country in the world for realizing justice. I will confront those who have brought me to court. I have no pangs of conscience. God is my shield and witness. However, if God finds that it is not I who have sinned but rather those who condemn me, I will forgive them.
 I have respect and trust in the freedom of the American press. The American media will convey the fair truth to the world. No one can deceive the American media. The American press will discover just how baseless this indictment is.
 Everyone, I love America as my homeland. I have prayed from the beginning, even from Korea, for America to fulfill the providential mission entrusted by God.
 Many years ago, when I first came to America, I stood on the bustling and glamorous Fifth Avenue in New York and shed hot tears. I thought of the founding fathers of this country who crossed the Atlantic, struggling, and first dedicated this land to God, reflecting on the great spirit of America's founding. I shed tears upon seeing America, which has forgotten that great founding spirit, withering away in decadence.
 On that very day, I firmly resolved in my heart to do everything possible to restore this declining America. God knows this very well. For over ten years, I have poured my blood, sweat, and soul into the revival of the great American spirit.
 I have appealed to Unification Church members around the world to donate tens of millions of dollars for America. In 1972, we launched an expensive movement for the revival of the American spirit across the nation, and finally, on September 18, 1976, we held a historic rally with over 300,000 people gathered at the Washington Monument.
 In the case of the Unification Church, it was not a movement that took from America. Rather, America was in a position to receive aid. The world members of the Unification Church sacrificially supported the American spiritual movement while overcoming difficulties. The reason is that they all love America, and I have taught that this country is the chosen people when viewed in the light of God's providence.
 Yet today, I stand in court facing accusations from America. I have given my all to America. I have not taken anything from America. I have not misused even a single penny. Following the tradition of Christ, I have taught a life of sacrifice for others.
 If this is a crime, I will not shy away from being condemned. That is the very path that Jesus Christ walked. Jesus loved the chosen people of Israel, loved the world, and truly loved God. Because of that, he was condemned and ultimately crucified. If loving America and humanity is a crime, I will gladly bear my cross.
 Today, I did not come to America for my own honor. I have come as a representative of all those who suffer from government persecution, all those who face racial discrimination, and all those who have become victims of religious prejudice. These are the true enemies of America. I have come today to declare a struggle against the formidable enemies of government persecution, racial discrimination, and religious prejudice. I declare that I will fight for religious freedom, the rights of minorities, and the rights of oppressed people until the last moment. And let us unite. We must win together. We must ensure that our descendants will live in a land of true freedom and equality. This is the "promised land" that Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. cried out for.
 If I had been born white and my religion was a mainstream religion, I would not be standing here today. Because I am of Asian descent and my religion is the Unification Church, which calls for reform, I stand here to be criticized. 
 If there is anything ugly in beautiful America, it is religious prejudice and racial discrimination. God does not judge based on skin color. White, black, and yellow are God's beautiful three brothers. All religions in the world are merely mirrors reflecting our Father God from different angles.
 Today, do you know that the Unification Church is the only church being forced to pay taxes on property used for religious purposes in America? The property tax we pay in New York alone exceeds 8 million dollars. Such unjust government oppression forces our church into severe bleeding. On the other hand, all other churches pay not a single cent in property taxes. Why must only our Unification Church be subjected to this? It is simply because our church is named the Unification Church, and its founder is not an American citizen but a Korean of Asian descent.
 President Reagan famously said in a speech, "When the basic human rights of a particular religious organization are violated, it does not stop at the suffering and pain of that organization but becomes the suffering and pain of all America." If this statement is true, then the unjust religious persecution and racial discrimination against the Unification Church today is a shame for all of America and a humiliation for all Americans.
 My comrades and my believers! Let us bravely respond to this new challenge. Let us make this day a day of great unity. Let us declare this day as our day of dedication. We pledge to fight uncompromisingly against all evil and injustice in the world. In this struggle, we are not alone. The Almighty God is with us, and millions of people around the world are on our side.
 The Unification Church is currently a criticized minority group in America. However, when God is with us, we become not a minority but an absolute majority.
 Today is a new day for the oppressed minorities and the beginning of a new struggle. I do not feel sad today, nor do I think I am unhappy, and I do not even feel tired. From this day, I will establish a union for the oppressed minorities. 
 O God! Inspire and empower me, so that my determination and our beliefs may become the beacon of the new world!
 I sincerely thank you for giving me the opportunity to fight this great battle with the Almighty God. I am grateful to be made a warrior of God in the fight against injustice.
 "Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name; thy kingdom come; thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread; and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us; and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, forever. Amen." *
13 
 What We Want to Boast About
 Good morning everybody! It has been six and a half months since I left Belvedere and met you here, just a little over six and a half months.
 The title of my talk today is "What We Want to Boast About."
 
What Humans Want to Boast About
 
You each have your own name. Don't you want to boast about that name? And then, you want to boast about all of yourself, your limbs. You want to boast about your beautiful eyes, your handsome nose, your well-shaped ears, your lovely mouth, your nice hands, and your perfect body. This is what you want to boast about.
 Ugly people try to add something artificial to their appearance to make themselves look beautiful. This is seeking what they want to boast about, what they want to boast about. So women wear rings and necklaces, you know. (Laughter)
 Then, if you expand the scope centered around yourself, you want to boast about your parents too. You desire good things for them, and you hope for many good things.
 
14   
Then you wish the same for your siblings. You want to boast about yourself, your parents, your relatives, and your family.
 Next, what is it? It is the desire for possessions. You want to boast about the house you own, the car you drive, and what you have. Then, what is next? You want to boast about your country, your neighborhood. Then what comes next? Most people end up boasting about their country. They cannot think beyond their own house, relatives, and country.
 When you think this way, if the world became one, that country would be my country. What would happen then? Would you only boast about Niagara Falls in America? What about the Iguazu Falls on the border of Brazil and Paraguay? You would boast about that too. You would compare and boast. While you say, "Ah, the Rocky Mountains are the best," how about the Himalayas? It changes like that.
 The greater a person is, what do they think about? They think about one world. A small person cannot see beyond their immediate surroundings. A little person can only see this and that. (Laughter) A tall person can see much more wherever they go. They see far. In that sense, there are higher people in the human world. If there are higher people, if there are great people, they would want to stand tall and see the whole picture and categorize it. Such a person is someone we can pursue, look up to, and respect.
 So, who are the people we can boast about historically? No matter how great a person is, living as a human is all the same. They eat, live with their spouse, have children, and go through the same daily life. But what makes someone great? It is someone who thinks about the higher and greater things. If there is a great American who wants to live for America and a great world citizen who wants to live for the world, which is greater? 
15 
"The great world citizen." That is what it is. Even if they live the same life, the person who seeks higher and greater things is the great one.
 If we summarize this, boasting about high things means boasting about what is high! Next, what is it? Boasting about what is big! Next, what is it? Boasting about what is wide! Next, what is it? Boasting about what is deep! Thus, we can summarize it.
 Everyone, if you go to Death Valley in America, there is nothing there. You might think that Death Valley would be chaotic, but when you go, it is nothing. (Laughter) And it is not even a deeper pit. It is flat. It is nothing. (Laughter) You boast about what is high and deep, and then what is big, and then what is long, and then what is old, that is what you will boast about. Thus, we can infer.
 Even if the external is small, if the thought and spirit are great, they are great people.
 
Now, what about small people? What do small people like? Small people like small things. And big people like big things. If you look at it this way, in Tarrytown, there are small and big people, and while there are many small people, there are great people, like in Irvington. Irvington has a big person who is stout, with big eyes and a big mouth, but they are short. (Laughter) Even though they are short, what makes them great? Their thoughts and spirit are great.
 When you look at it this way, what do you want to boast about centered around America? "True Parents." What? True Parents? (Laughter) America hates me. (Laughter) "No, that is nonsense." What is there to boast about in America? What does America want to boast about? Try to say something. Try to answer.
 Ah! America is a big country…. Earlier, I said that boasting is about big things, right? America is big, so it would say it is proud, but America fights. They fight among themselves. 
16   
Black and white fight. So, phew…. (Laughter) Parents fight, siblings fight, and the Buddha fights, leading to family breakdown and chaos. When you see that, are there great people living in America, or are there small, petty people? "Small people." When you say "great American," you need to think about that. The term "great" is not a simple word.
 Look. You are now honoring the four great saints historically, such as Jesus Christ, Buddha, Confucius, or Muhammad. Did they have homes? Did they have good houses? Did they live in neighborhoods? They were chased around, insulted, and trying to kill them. What greatness is that? It is not greatness.
 Jesus said, "The birds of the air have nests, but the Son of Man has nowhere to lay his head." This is greatness and the great man.
Is it a ram? Are you all great too? (Laughter) Look here. Confucius referred to himself as the dog of the neighbor, the neighbor's dog. Because he was always begging for food. When can you get a job and do something significant? So he was wandering around begging, and he called himself a neighborhood dog. Also, someone like Buddha, at that time, had a kingdom and a home and everything, but he hated all of that. He abandoned everything and went to live in the mountains. It was from there that the journey of Siddhartha began. Is that right, or not? That’s right, isn’t it? “Yes.” Why do we venerate those who died without a home or a nation? Why do we proudly consider them great historical figures? Does the definition of greatness change from the past to the present? Will it change in the future, or will it remain the same? “It won’t change.” Really, it won’t change? “Yes.” It will change! “It will never change.” Is that really guaranteed? No matter how much you say it won’t change, you cannot guarantee that. Even if Reverend Moon says it won’t change, that cannot be guaranteed. When you look at the world now, American youth think, “What’s so great about those people?” So what happens then? Isn’t that also going to change? 

A person with a great spirit and thought who wants to grow is the owner. Let me ask you one thing. Who is the owner of America? “God.” What? If there is a God, would it have turned out like this? It’s because there is no God that it has turned out like this. (Laughter) Right now, there is no God. Who is the owner? “The media.” Good! (Laughter) You said the media, but do people want to live in that? “No.” (Laughter) Then who is the owner of America? “The banks.” What relationship do you have with the banks? The dollar goes up and down, you know. (Laughter) Sometimes it gets small, and sometimes it gets big, it grows and shrinks. Do you want that kind of owner? “No.” 

To be the owner of America, you need to have a spirit. A person with a great spirit must be the owner. Then it will surely be so. The one who is united with the great thought is the owner. The more a person with a great thought wants to grow, the more qualified they are to be an owner. Such a person not only wants to live that way but also wants to do something greater. Therefore, when you say, “Hey, America, you rascal! What kind of person do you want to make your owner?” If you say, like the teacher said, “I want to make someone who wants to do something more global centered around the American spirit,” then America will progress. How about you? “Yes, we will do that.” That is undoubtedly true. 

Now, when looking at this world, “This world! I don’t know if it’s a bad world or a good world, but this world, what kind of person do you want to make your owner?” Let’s ask. Our young ladies would answer, “What I like the most is to get a husband and love him every day.” (Laughter) Why do American women carry puppies around? Because puppies follow them well. (Laughter) If that puppy doesn’t listen and drags them along… (Laughter) 

Men are all active. Men want to run a thousand miles, and they want to ride running horses, but women say, “Just look at my backside and follow me.” (Laughter) My mom is like that too. She says, “Dad, don’t ride the horse, don’t ride it.” If I listen to mom, what on earth would I do? (Laughter) But I want to ride the horse. (Laughter) If you are the top criminal catching thieves in the world, you should ride a motorcycle and zoom around; what happens if you die? (Laughter) 

Doing things for oneself, to boast about oneself, is all bad. However, if you want to do it for the country, for the world, and for humanity, you must be willing to take risks and do everything. To do it for the world and humanity, you must know how to take risks. Do you understand if I stop now? “Yes.” 

So, who becomes the owner of the world? “A person with a great thought.” Yes, it’s good to have a person with a great thought, just as you said. Therefore, if there is someone who wants to stand at the top by synthesizing all the thoughts of Confucius, Buddha, Muhammad, Mencius, great philosophers, great scientists, and great religions, that person is the owner of everything in this world. Does that sound like a correct thought or a wrong one? “It’s a correct thought.” 

When you look at it this way, if there is a person who can do that, scientists will be proud, religious leaders will be proud, politicians will be proud, businesspeople will be proud, workers will be proud, wives will be proud, husbands will be proud, children will be proud, everyone will be proud; they cannot help but be proud. Do you think so? “Yes.” 

Wherever you go in the world, you must become a person who sets an example. Then what will you do? If there is such a person, would you abandon America and follow them? If that person is sitting at the top of the Himalayas, at the summit of Everest, would you go to find them? “Yes.” Even if you have a husband? “Yes.” Even if they threaten to kill you? “Yes.” Even if your mom and dad oppose it, your siblings oppose it, your teacher opposes it, and your country opposes it? “Yes.” Then they must be more wonderful than me? (Laughter) I thought the hearts of the American people were bad, but temperamentally, they have a very nice heart! 

Wherever you go in the world, those who wander around like hippies are all Americans. When you see them playing around foolishly, they are all Americans. (One audience member is playfully hit. Laughter) There’s no order, you know. (Laughter) Since you are laughing, it seems that is the right thing to say. Japanese and Korean people, even if you tell them to do that, they won’t do it. (Laughter) 

In that sense, I also like Americans. It’s good, but are they wandering around for the world, or are they wandering around to be indebted to the world, or are they wandering around to ruin the world? (Laughter) Why do they wander around? They zoom around trying to date. They are all going here and there to play. They want to play wherever they go. I think that won’t do. 

Women are the same. When a man goes beside them and says, “Let’s go together,” they follow him. (Laughter) They say, “I like you. I really like you,” and they follow him. Is that good? Is that the great America? Even if such things happen, they should educate themselves by saying, “My appearance may be foolish and worth nothing, but this is something that ruins the world, so it cannot be done.” They should go to other countries to educate and set an example, and then they become great American youth. Otherwise, they become stray dogs, stray dogs. 

So, if you have a thought for the world, you should say, “Hey, I don’t want to see hippies. Cut your hair!” and you should say, “Yes,” and cut your hair. “Oh, I don’t want to,” that cannot be the case. I don’t like America. I don’t like countries like that. I like some countries in the world, but I don’t like countries with that kind of mindset. 

Do you agree? Is that how the American people are? You might say, “Since Reverend Moon came to America, shouldn’t we do it the American way?” But if we do it the American way, we will fail, so we don’t do it. We can do it. 

We can dance without cutting our hair, just like you. We can drink and smoke. However, that is not for the world. Because the future of America is shaped by what Reverend Moon does, and the world can follow, we take this difficult path. Right now, America is taking the easy way out. Everyone hates to go that way, so why are they going that way? Just by having long hair, one can conclude that the future image of America will turn out like this. If the world unites, the world can become better. 

Why do we do fundraising? People say that Reverend Moon does fundraising to pocket all the money, to steal it. But I don’t spend a penny of American money. If America owes a debt to the Unification Church, it owes it, but I am absolutely not someone who is indebted. Is that true? “Yes.” Can you talk about whether that’s true? Speak up. 

Through this path, we must save the world. Even if I die, I believe that the day will surely come when history and the world will welcome me, and that’s why I’m doing this. When I see that, we have something great. We have something high. We have something broad. We have something deep. We have something long. We have it all. For a long time, whether it’s 10 years, 20 years, or a lifetime, we will carry it. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” So, it’s good to have a moon. 

No matter what you do for the world, if you complain, it has nothing to do with the world. 

Then, a moon that possesses all of this has appeared. Our kids said that the term “moonie” came out at the concert, and when I asked what “moonie” meant, they said, “Moonie is following Reverend Moon.” (Laughter) Those who follow Reverend Moon… “Yes—” What’s with the “Yes—”? That little rascal! I don’t want to hear that little rascal say “Yes—.” No one wants to hear that little rascal say “Yes—.” “Oh! That’s right.” You’re the same. Yes, yes, yes… (Laughter) That’s something to say when you respond, you rascal! When you say you are small, but your heart is big, respond like that. (Laughter) 

What is a moonie? What kind of person is a moonie? How many of you regretted becoming a moonie? Raise your hand if you don’t regret it. I bet you all regretted it. Raise your hand if you have regretted it. (Applause) Let’s be honest. If you talk about it, I will forgive you all. (Laughter) It feels good, doesn’t it? When you talk about it, it feels so refreshing. When you throw away what makes our hearts tremble, it feels good. I don’t like your hearts being complicated. (Laughter) Now, let’s raise our hands. If there are such people, raise your hands. (Laughter) The people in this room are being honest. You know yourself well. Why deceive yourself? Why deceive your conscience? When you raise your hand, you should raise it honestly. Now, raise your hand. (Laughter) Those who didn’t raise their hands must be honest. Those who didn’t raise their hands are liars. (Laughter) I’m like that too. I will raise my hand. (Applause. Laughter) 

It’s because there is a world; if there were no world, I would have given up on this path. I am doing this because the world is going to ruin. Are you all the same? “Yes.” You are all saying, “I don’t like the world. I don’t like America.” You are saying that. The teacher is worried that the world will perish because of that, but you don’t have that. That’s the difference. That’s what’s different. Your thoughts are all the same. 

This time… Personally, I don’t want to engage in legal battles. It doesn’t matter if I don’t come. However, if I don’t come, America will perish. The free world will perish. Therefore, no matter what difficulties arise, I will fight against the world, even if I have to be sacrificed for it. That is justice. It is the right thing to do. That’s why Reverend Moon is called a great man. “He is a man.” Right now, he is not just a man. Later, he will be. You think of America as America itself, but I think for the world. Because of the difference in thinking, it’s bothersome. 

Even when looking at such issues, some people study in seminary, while others say, “Oh, I don’t want to go to seminary. I wish I could do something else.” Then they are sent off with “Go to seminary, go.” Even if you don’t want to, by going there, you can live for the world, and even if you only have one point from there, you become a great person. If you want to do this and complain, that is small. It is limited to America. It is about oneself, and it has nothing to do with the world. However, even if it’s a personal issue, if you approach it with a global mindset, what you do can become a great thing that connects with the world. If you study in seminary while thinking of the world and standing in a position to study for the world, then it is good to do that work. That work connects with the world. That work is a world issue. The dimension changes. Even if you live in America, you must live for America and for the world. Even if you do the same work, you should think that you are doing it for the world. That is greatness. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” 

Fight and win for the future, for the world. 

Fight against communism centered around CARP! Who are you fighting for? It’s not for America. You are fighting against communism for the world. That is global. “I don’t like that! Oh, I don’t like fighting against communism. What’s good about fighting?” But you must fight for the world. It’s not for yourself. You are fighting for the world. CARP is not fighting for the Unification Church; it is fighting for the world. It is fighting for the future world, for the ideal world. Right now, it is opposed in the world, but in the future world, it will be welcomed. Do you think so? “Yes.” 

Then, next, “Oh, if we sent CARP for the world, that’s enough, what is this? Ocean Church? Oh, it’s ruined. They say to do Ocean Church, oh, it’s ruined! Ruined! What is this, oh…” When it comes to fishing, who likes it? Who likes fishing? The seminary students think, “What is Ocean Church? After graduating from seminary, I will become a clergyman in England and lead a church, but oh, what is the ocean?” Such theologians may become pastors in America, but they cannot become leaders who can cross the ocean and worship God while riding a boat. 

Who is greater, a church leader who dislikes Ocean Church or a church leader who wants to do something greater, whether it’s Ocean Church or whatever? Is the leader who dislikes Ocean Church greater? “No.” I think so! “No.” “The one who does Ocean Church is greater.” I don’t know, but you seem to know. (Laughter) That’s why I sent you all. 

Look here. What do you gain by doing this? Even if you graduate from Harvard or Yale, if you listen to the words and ideals of the Unification Church, it’s good. But they say, “Oh, I don’t like fundraising! I don’t like CARP activities! I don’t like Ocean Church!” I am trying to make you greater than them. (Applause)
However, those members of the Unification Church say, "Oh, I don't want to do fundraising. I want to quit Ocean Church. I want to stop CAP and go back to school," and there are many such foolish kids. Are those people cowards or great people? "They are cowards." When they make such demands, should we be the teachers who say, "Oh! That's a good idea" and accept it, or should we be the teachers who say, "No, that's not allowed"? "We should say no." Even after saying 'no,' they go behind and say this and that, right? (laughter) So, go and see. How much will they change in ten years compared to them? I will make them into better people than they are within five years.

Reverend Moon has walked the path of persecution throughout his life, but he has followed this great ideology. As a result, I don't want to rise globally or make a name for myself, yet whenever Reverend Moon comes, why do they make such a fuss? Why do they make such a fuss? Just the other day in America, there were twenty-two cases being handled in court, and there are many people there who have committed all sorts of crimes worse than mine, yet why do they make such a fuss over a person who has committed no crime? Moreover, when I land in Tokyo, the newspapers and everyone makes a fuss; why is that? "Because he has a great ideology." (laughter) A great ideology is good, but it becomes a problem because we act based on that ideology.

Even if I were to kill someone and end up in prison or on death row, when you look at what Reverend Moon has done until now, you should know that he has done things that could be forgiven ten times over. Now, here, if there was someone who would have gone to prison for murder if they hadn't known about the Unification Church, would there be just one person? Among the members of the Unification Church in America, if they hadn't known about the Unification Church, wouldn't there be people among the young people in America who would commit murder? They would do all sorts of things. All sorts of people would have come.

So, I have contributed to America and the world like this, and even if there is one incident, shouldn't it be forgivable? Did I evade taxes of over 110,000? Those bastards! I have money that I can use to deposit tens of thousands of dollars in banks across a hundred countries; why don't they say anything about that? If I had such thoughts, I would have deposited hundreds of thousands of dollars in banks in a hundred countries; why would I spend money in America? They oppose me without knowing this.

Don't deposit in banks in a hundred countries; why spend it in America? Why? For the future. Because I know that America will have a significant impact in the future, I am spending money wisely for the future.

This country has the capability to use that money, which is why I spend it here. I am spending for the future, not for myself or because of the present. America has that kind of potential. There is a way to improve. 

Now, even if I spent money in Africa, does Africa have that potential? Because America has potential, spending money here can yield quick results, which is why I do such things. That is Reverend Moon's ideology.

If you want to spend money, you should spend it like that. So, when I spend money, I think it is the right thing to do for America and the world. America owes me a lot. They are in debt to me. That is why I say, "Go ahead and do whatever you want in court." I have nothing to be ashamed of. Do you understand? Even if I wear handcuffs, I am a victorious person. No matter where I die, I am a victorious person. I have nothing to fear. (applause)

Do not show shameful behavior in the name of the Unification Church.

So, who is Reverend Moon, who leads the Unification Church? This is the question from now on. The Unification Church and Reverend Moon. You need to know Reverend Moon well. 

Everyone, the term Unification Church is truly amazing. The term Unification Church is a great term. This is the real Unification Church, right? "Yes." It is the only church among hundreds of churches. You should not show shameful behavior in the name of that name. Do not show shameful behavior. I always think that as a leader of the Unification Church, I will not be someone who bows my head in front of this name but someone who governs it. I have always been at the forefront, sweating and pioneering to build the church. That is why I created Ocean Church, and I created CAP, and I led the fights, including the fight against communism. I built the machine factory. I went to Germany and bought a factory, planning for a global future. When Hong Gomon came in and said there are 35 companies in America, I thought, "Ah!" Who created all of that? "You did." Creating a newspaper company and fighting with the New York Times is something only Reverend Moon does, and fighting with the Washington Post is something only I do in America. I am the only one fighting against communism. Do I get a salary? Do I provide money? "You do."

I have invested in world-class scholars who play around for ten years and gathered them into one. Also, how noisy is it now with the theologians? This year alone, there are nearly a thousand professors who have heard our principles. (applause) They just want to drive nice cars, eat good food, and live in nice houses, but who is spending this vast amount of money? Even if I am in the Himalayas or at the top of the Alps, I am saying, "Oh, money! Money!" Even sitting at the top of the Alps, I am asking why I am not being given money. They should bring me and pay me a salary. (laughter)

Here, the leaders are all present, and the young men of America are here, so they should discuss with them, but why do they come to me, an Oriental person who is being criticized? Why do they come to me? Where does the money come from? Do I have a mint? (laughter)

It takes months to get $100,000 from the bank, but how much did the recent scientists' conference cost? Over $2 million? Nearly $2.5 million? Kamiyama is saying he can't do it, and everyone is like this. It is so hard to borrow $2.5 million from the bank. You all know it takes six months to borrow money. Kamiyama appears like a goblin and says, "I need $2.5 million," and he says he doesn't know. "I don't have a penny, so this is a big problem. Reverend Moon has to take responsibility. Dr. Dust, someone has to take responsibility," and they are saying this.

So, who has a harder position, Kamiyama or Reverend Moon? When looking at the global issues, "Reverend Moon's position." 

But why is that? The problematic ones are cut off and chased away; why do you leave them alone? You should cut them all off with a Japanese sword; why do you leave them alone? I cannot save everyone in the north, south, east, and west. As a religious leader, what I have done in this area... I think I have done something great. When buying this house, they say, "Belvedere, East Garden... Ah, Reverend Moon is a millionaire, a billionaire," and they make a fuss. Did I buy this with American money? "No."

Also, who created all those companies for the Japanese to make money? I taught them all. Kuboki, and then Furuda came and said, "Reverend, I can't provide money for America," but is he doing it himself? Here, Dr. Dust, everyone is saying they owe it to Kamiyama, but did you do that? Reverend Moon taught all of that. The same goes for Europe. This time, I bought factories, hotels, and all sorts of things, including cars. I did it all. I laid the foundation for everything. Do you want to see? "Yes."

Now, this is the life of a religious leader, like a peddler. So, they don't know if it is religion or what. Is this because of Reverend Moon? Is Reverend Moon doing this for himself? "No." Do you think you are doing this for the Unification Church in America? "No." Why are you doing it? You are doing it for the world. It is the same. Even if I die, you must do it as long as the world remains.

In that sense, can we be proud of the Unification Church? "Yes." Do you know that the tuna fishing champion is Reverend Moon? "Yes." If we hold a seminar on tuna fishing, those with big boats will flock to it. I taught them all, and I educated them all, but the Fisheries Agency is saying that we need to do this and that. So, when I listen, I realize that I have already trained them. Everyone is following the path of Reverend Moon.

Recently, I made a boat, and the Coast Guard wants to place bulk orders for this boat. "America is in a miserable state! Reverend Moon is making boats that they want to buy, such a proud America!" They said. They want to use it as a patrol boat. No matter how much America is, they want to buy a boat made by Reverend Moon. That's great! (applause)

In this regard, I want to be proud. When we say we should be proud globally, isn't it worth being proud of Reverend Moon as a religious person? When looking at the history of religion, isn't it worth being proud of Reverend Moon? Is that true? "Yes." However, I don't think that way. (laughter) Then, when I walk around, I should walk arrogantly, saying, "Hey, I'm coming!" (gesturing) But what is this? I don't know whether it is night or day, not sleeping at night, not eating lunch, and just doing this.

My mother keeps educating me. "My legs hurt. What should I do? Oh, it's past twelve. Oh, I'm getting old; if I keep doing this, I will end up in trouble, and what will happen if I end up lonely?" She keeps educating me in various ways. (laughter) Is that good or bad? "It's good." (applause) I, you know, if I have time, I am busy planning, so it is common for meal times to be delayed by 30 minutes or 2 hours, and I skip dinner and sleep... I go up at 11 and talk with my family until 1; I don't keep any of these things. So, is that a bad thing? "No." I will leave an impression as Reverend Moon who does not keep promises. (laughter)

But I am not ashamed in front of my mother, nor am I ashamed in front of God. I am dignified. I think my thoughts are greater. (laughter) Why? For whom am I doing this? I know that I am walking this path to lay the foundation for Cain and for the whole. Don't women dislike such husbands? "Yes." (laughter) Husbands following such women in the world... But what if there is a man who is overstepping his bounds? Which is greater, following a woman or following a great cause? "Following a great cause." You know that, right? Then you will raise your hands. The women of the Unification Church in America should be different. Do you understand? "Yes." Even if they cry and make a fuss, they should kick and work for the world... (laughter)

Ordinary American women would say, "You bastard, I will divorce you and live with someone else." Our Unification Church men help those women if they want to go. Do you understand? If a man is crying and saying, "Don't go..." is that the right thing or the wrong thing, men? "It's right." Women, is that the right path or the wrong path? "It's the right path." It's a bad path! "It's the right path!" It's not gray; it's great.

Now, why am I saying this this morning? Looking closely, I see that the engaged couples are all stuck to the ground. They can't pay the fees. (laughter) Is this the behavior that our great Unification Church couples can take, the behavior that our great Unification Church engaged couples can take? Can this be a proud behavior? "No." Is that right or not? "That's not right."

What will you boast about in the future? How precious is it that you have overcome by meeting each other for three years or five years after getting engaged for the world? When the world sees it, when their parents see it... Americans, when they get engaged, all sorts of things happen. Even before they come... But when they meet in a hotel, if the future wife says goodbye to her future husband and walks away, what will their parents think? (acting it out) (laughter) How precious is that attitude? How great is that? In the world, they would have already kissed and done all sorts of things, but they don't even shake hands. How cool is that? Even if one goes north and the other goes south, the groom does not cheat anywhere. He doesn't think of other women anywhere. How innocent and great is that? Without worry, without looking back, walking with hope, how wonderful is that woman and how wonderful is that man?

Now, can you create such a husband by saying, "I will make such a husband" and working hard all your life? "Yes." "No." (laughter) What created it? You need to know that the Unification Church created it. You need to know that the principles and Reverend Moon created it. I think so. (applause)

When thinking about this, when people say, "The Unification Church is like this and that," and "I like the husband and wife, but I don't like what the Unification Church teacher says!" such people are thieves; such thieves should disappear. If there is someone who thinks like that, raise your hand! If there is such a person, I will forgive you. (laughter) Yes, yes. That's how it is. Now you understand? "Yes." You need to realize how great what you are doing is, how great the work you are doing as engaged men and women is. Did you understand or not? "We understood." Until now, you didn't know, right?

Now, when you think of yourself as God and stand in God's place, there are many Buddhas in the world, and there are many Buddhas who buy from engaged Buddhas. Among them, when trying to select the excellent Buddha, you need to realize that we stand in a position of hundreds of millions of times higher than the ordinary engaged Buddhas in America. You need to realize that we stand in a higher position. Who do you think will be first to a thousandth place? "The Unification Church..." There is not a single pair among the world's people up to a thousandth place. There is not a single pair among the world's people. There will be from the thousand and first place! "There isn't." Why is it 'no'? That's right. Of course, if there are more after the thousandth place... At the end, after that, it becomes a Western person. From the thousand and first place, it becomes a Western person. "No." (laughter) Again 'no'? Then the value of what I said becomes meaningless. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

We need to realize how great the work we are doing is, how historical the work we are doing is... How great is what we have done? How great is it?
You need to know how to do it. You need to understand this amazing fact that I carry the burden of something that has not been achieved in ten million years of history on my shoulders, on my body. Is that statement correct? I don't know either. Does it seem correct or not?  
"That's correct."  
What did I hear when I went to Korea recently? The people at the top said, "The Unification Church members talk about how the world is, but we can't even solve the problems of South Korea, so what does the world matter?" But then, after ten years, they realized that their words were true. They said, "I only understood it ten years later."  
Now they realize that they cannot survive by only thinking about their own country, and they acknowledge that Reverend Moon is great. The Unification Church is great. Ten years ago, Reverend Moon was at the bottom, but after ten years, he has risen. Moreover, he has become broader. Reverend Moon is long-lasting. Even when facing persecution, he does not tire. Now he is over sixty, and he has earned enough money to live comfortably, so what is this? (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean?  
"Yes."  
Become a person that history and humanity can be proud of.  

Now, let's conclude. I do not want a person who is proud of Reverend Moon. I do not want a person who is proud of you. I do not want a person who is proud of America. I do not want a person who is proud of England. I do not want a person who is proud of Korea. Then what kind of person do I want? I want a person that history can be proud of, history. History changes, but it develops while changing.  
So, is what Reverend Moon is doing something that history can be proud of? That is the question. Is it something that humanity can be proud of? Just because it is the Unification Church does not mean it should only be something to be proud of within the Unification Church. Being Korean does not mean we should only be proud of Koreans. Humanity must be proud. The world should be proud that such a person has emerged, and all of humanity must be proud. No matter how great it is in the white world, some people dislike it. People of color dislike it. Is what the Unification Church is doing something that people of all races can appreciate? Is it something that all of humanity can appreciate? That is the issue. Humanity is what remains.  
Whites rise and fall, yellows rise and fall, blacks rise and fall, and while they rise and fall like this, humanity... (Applause) If that happens, the deeds of that person and the possessions they held will all be stored in the world's museums. If there is only one such content, everyone will try to copy it. From that perspective, do you have anything that can be stored in a museum? Wouldn't it be nice if you could leave your heart like that?  
"Yes."  
That is to say, let's assume there is something small. If there is a person like this, wouldn't it feel good for your descendants to see it? At that time, no matter how big the museum is or how many masterpieces it has, your descendants will look at this first. They will look at that and then go elsewhere. The teacher's desire is to make you into a person who can leave even just that. Since the teacher is thinking like that, does it seem like a thief?  
"Not at all."  
Is it an enemy that you dislike?  
"No."  
Now, when you see this, you must shed tears seeing that pitiful thing that you have not been able to establish, saying, "The world he envisioned was this world, so I will also go for this world." You need to know that there is a hidden lesson that spans a thousand years. Do you think so?  
"Yes."  
If there is a teacher who wants to give you a good degree, he must always treat the student he wants to give the degree to harshly, scold them, and pull them apart to give them a great degree. It is the same principle. To become number one in America, you must fight and win against 240 million citizens. You must become number one all at once, not take thousands of years to try to be number one. Come on! You should not feel resentful even if the teacher makes you suffer with such thoughts. Do you understand what I mean?  
"Yes."  
You must have thoughts, life, and true love to relate to the Kingdom of Heaven.  

Next, what is it? The people of the world and the history of the world must be such that God can proudly represent them. But if humans in the world say everything is good, does that mean God is also good? If the world dislikes it, can it be?  
Then what is it? What can all people like and what can Heaven like?  
"Godly love."  
Answer me, what is it?  
"True love."  
First, there is thought involved in that. (Writing on the board while speaking) What is the second?  
"Action."  
No.  
"Life."  
After life, what is the third?  
"True love." (Applause)  
What is true love? What kind of love is true love?  
"Sacrificial love."  
It is sacrificial love, but what is sacrificial love?  
"Giving one's life for humanity and the world."  
You need to understand that. What I am most proud of is not centered on your wife or yourself. The issue is about self-centered love, thought issues, life issues...  
You can only think about your home, yourself, your parents, and your children. You cannot think about the country. You must overcome this. Only then can you speak of true love. Do you understand what I mean? You must sacrifice beyond loving yourself. You must love more than your wife, more than your children, more than your clan, and more than your country. That is what true love entails. You must understand that clearly. Do you understand true love?  
Those who graduated from seminary, raise your hands. (Hands raised) Many. Is what you want to live beautifully true love? "Oh, I don't want to go to church. I want to live just the two of us. There is no need to go to church." Is that true love?  
"No."  
It is a higher level to try to love the world while being infinitely grateful. That formula does not change. It applies to any class. It applies to any class. You need to understand this.  
So, is Reverend Moon a true leader as the head of the Unification Church or a wrong leader?  
"True leader."  
Why is he a true leader? Because he wants to sacrifice you to save a world greater than America. That is why Reverend Moon of the Unification Church is a true leader.  
So how should the President of the United States become a true president? He must try to save the world even if it means sacrificing American citizens to become a true president. If there is a future world president, what must that president do to become a true president desired by God in the Kingdom of Heaven? He must sacrifice the world. He must sacrifice for a greater Heaven. A person who does such things is the true president among the world presidents. Based on this reasoning, if there is someone who wants to liberate God by combining the spiritual world, the physical world, people, and everything, then God grants true inheritance to such a person. Do you understand?  
"Yes."  
Reverend Moon has this concept in everything. Therefore, in the family, it is the same for our children, but even for mothers, he says, "Step up," mercilessly.  
It is truly difficult to adjust between husband and wife. It is the same for children. You have no right to speak to your wife without thinking. You must understand that you have no right to speak to your children without thinking. It is done mercilessly. Do you understand now?  
"Yes."  
If you have this thought and sacrifice, it will resonate with God, resonate with the teacher, resonate with humanity, resonate with history, and resonate with everything.  
If you meet a beautiful woman or a handsome man, you would want to love them dearly. At such times, you must think of them like a younger sibling or a daughter. You must think of them like your relatives. You must think of them like your mother or father. Only after thinking like that can you have the qualification to think of them as a wife; if you cannot think of them like a younger sibling or like a mother, then thinking of them in that way is a sin.  
So, when you look at the principle, a woman must receive love as a daughter to rise to the stage of marriage, then she must receive love as a younger sibling, and then what? Then she must receive love as a mother. Only after doing all of this can she receive love as a wife. Receiving love as a wife comes later. A wife is a reflection of the mother. Only after growing up and when he wants and accepts can marriage be possible. Can you marry someone who says no?  
Engaged men, how do you feel when you meet your fiancée? Do you think of them like a father? Do you think of them like an older brother? Do you think of them like a younger sibling? Can you do that? Do you think of them in a physical, animalistic way? What about you? Is it animalistic or idealistic?  
"Idealistic." (Laughter) It is hard to even shake hands. Do you have the confidence to kiss after hearing this? Do you have confidence? You will now understand well. You will understand the teacher's meaning well. That is normal.  
Now, what about us women? Writing letters and whatnot, what about husbands...? You must understand that unless you become a person who treats your husband with life and true love with a higher level of thought, you cannot relate to the Kingdom of Heaven. When you become one, it is the fruit of my thoughts, the fruit of my sacrifices, the fruit of my love! Amen. (Laughter)  
You must walk the principled and official path to reach the time to be proud.  

With a heart of great love and sacrificial love, you can always go before the throne of the Kingdom of Heaven. You can go anywhere in the world. It connects everywhere. If we are willing to sacrifice ourselves according to our intentions, we can know that we can apply that principled and official path and just follow that path to go straight to the Kingdom of Heaven. The official course is to sacrifice the family for the country and to sacrifice for something greater. Do you understand what I mean?  
"Yes."  
This is what God wants to be proud of today, what history wants to be proud of, and what humanity wants to be proud of. So, what remains after that? Eternal love will remain with us! Amen! Then you will have confidence in everything. Do you understand?  
"Yes."  
You must walk that path.  
If you have a handkerchief that the teacher had, you would want to keep it, right? Why is that?  
"True love."  
No, it is because there is something great there. It is the same. Even if I die, how great will the things I had and this place in East Garden—where I made all of this—become in the future? You must understand that it will become great. Don't you dislike sitting like this now? In the future, there will come a time when you will boast about sitting here and staying up all night for a day or two or three. Do you know that place? Do you know it will be like that?  
"Yes."  
I also go to court, but if the judge or prosecutor makes a mistake, they will be eternally slandered. I believe there will come a time when all American citizens will come and weep. I think about that, and that is why I go to court. That is why I stand there. Do you understand what I mean?  
"Yes."  
You must be the same. You must do the same.  
Meeting Reverend Moon does not mean you are at a loss or that you are in the negative in history. You may think you are in the negative in life, but in doing so, you are in the positive for America, in the positive for the world, and in the positive for God. Because Reverend Moon has created many such things, I establish my face before God. And I want to feel the worth of what I have taught and want to be proud of it.  
Now, let me ask you one thing. Do you like home church?  
"Yes."  
So do you want to do it alone or with two people?  
"I want to do it together."  
Can two people become great at the same time? Can two people become great at once?  
"Yes."  
Is the greatest thing one? So will you go together or alone?  
"We will go together."  
"I will go alone." (Laughter)  
Then is it great to take the easy path or the difficult path?  
"The difficult one."  
You know it! Also, is the global one greater or the national one greater?  
"The global one."  
Then will you work in America, go to Africa, or work in the desert? Where will you work?  
"I will do global work."  
To do global work, do you have to go to the desert or to Africa?  
"You have to go to Africa. You have to go anywhere."  
There is no water in the desert. Everything is in Africa.  
"Then you have to go to Africa." (Laughter)  
So what about you? Do you have to go to the desert or to Africa?  
"You have to go anywhere."  
And, do you have to go to a country that wants to kill white people, or do you have to go to a welcoming country?  
"You have to go to the country that wants to kill."  
You know it well. (Laughter)  
How much must you endure to pass in such places? Can you become someone who passes in such places by doing this?  
"No."  
Which do you want? The easy path or the difficult path?  
"The difficult path."  
The easy path is better.  
"No."  
So you must understand that when the teacher tells you to die, to suffer, and to scold women and push them to work, that is love. (Laughter) Should you drive away such a teacher or welcome him?  
"You should welcome him."  
Oh, this is killing me! (Laughter) Even if it kills me, if you walk that path, your children, your abandoned children... Even if I die, I am going this way to leave this path for you. Can you trust me? Do you know when I might run away?  

Americans leave without saying goodbye. But Eastern people never do that. If they leave, they say goodbye. But they leave without even saying a word. Look at Michael Ward; I loved him so much, and he left without saying anything.  
To correct that, I must leave something behind. I must leave something in your hearts. I must leave something in your hearts to make you do that. Even if the world opposes the teacher more than it opposed you, I must make you into a man who can go. Is that a bad thought?  
"No."  
It is the same. I want to be proud of that.  
We are at a stage where we can be proud among ourselves. You must understand that the work between you and me has already been accomplished. Each person has their own cross. Jesus said, "Carry your cross and follow me." You cannot entrust your cross to Jesus. You must digest it yourself. You must do your own work.  
When you look at it this way, now we can be proud of the Unification Church, we can be proud of Reverend Moon, and we can be proud of the members of the Unification Church, and God can believe in the Unification Church.
If we go, the United States will live, the world will live, and God will be liberated.  
Amen! How wonderful it is. I hope God's blessings will be with you. (Applause) *  
39  
Historical Children's Day  

Today, Children's Day marks the 22nd occurrence in terms of recovery, and it is the 21st anniversary in terms of years.  
You know that our Unification Church has Parents' Day, Children's Day, All Things Day, and God's Day. The world does not know about these days.  
God's will is fulfilled starting from individual perfection.  

Our Unification Church, as a religious organization, undoubtedly needs to center around God's will. This is because religion is centered on God.  
Then, what is the purpose that a religion centered on God's will must achieve? The place where we can say that God's will has been fulfilled is the place where God's kingdom begins. You must understand that the place where God's kingdom begins is also the place where the heavenly family's home begins. The heavenly kingdom starts from the family of God's kingdom. That family begins with a man and a woman who align with God's will. Thus, we can conclude.  
40  
Ultimately, a man and a woman must become the center of the family, the center of the nation, and the center of the whole. It is not that the nation comes first, nor that the family is completed first; rather, the man and woman must be completed first.  
When we think about that man and woman, it connects to all of you and myself today. A perfected man and woman are the same in the past, present, and future. There is no difference there.  
Humanity today, having fallen, does not even realize its fallen state.  
So, when we consider whether you are a person of the heavenly kingdom or a person of the heavenly family, what kind of being can say, "I am undoubtedly a person of the heavenly kingdom, a person of the heavenly family"?  
The people living on this earth today do not stand in the place where they have grown up under God's normal will and fulfilled God's will. We must recognize the fact that we are in a fallen state. From God's perspective, what is the most shocking issue, the most heartbreaking issue? It is that we have fallen.  
However, since God feels this way, humans should also feel how miserable it is to be fallen, but ordinary people living on this earth do not even know that they are fallen, nor do they know that they are miserable. This is true for ordinary religious people as well, but especially for members of the Unification Church, they simply say they have fallen. Ordinary religious people and Christians believe they have fallen, but Unification Church members also say they have fallen. Yet, they do not feel it deeply. Do you feel that you are fallen?  
When Adam and Eve were cast out of the Garden of Eden, they were fearful and serious, but who should be more serious, they or our fallen descendants today, after thousands of years of history? "Ourselves" — you say "ourselves," but how much do you feel it? If you cannot escape from the fallen state of yourself, if you cannot be liberated, how serious is this issue? How big is the gap between God and us? How do we bridge this gap? This is what religion must do, and it is the problem that those who practice religion and faith must address.  
Through countless religions throughout history and through those who walk the path of true religion, how do we bridge that gap and feel the same position as God to reach a place of liberation? You must understand that this is an important purpose that religion must pursue.  
From God's perspective, God has sacrificed countless individuals, families, and nations throughout long history to bridge this gap. How great must the sacrifice have been? He has invested all religions and all nations.  
But what are religious people doing today? What we fallen humans believe is for our own blessings. The idea is that we believe we should receive blessings and salvation vaguely... Where does salvation start from? It would be nice if God just pulled us from here as we are. Then who is responsible for the gap that has occurred in history?  
For example, it is like a person who has cancer but does not realize they are sick and lives according to their desires and whims.  
So, which is more frightening, this cancer or the fall? This fall is something even God Himself cannot do anything about. The omniscient and omnipotent God cannot just extract it at will. However, something like cancer can be dealt with by God's power. When you think about this, you must reconsider how serious this issue is. Humans in such a position cannot be sons or daughters of God, cannot be God's family, cannot be God's lineage, and cannot be citizens of the heavenly kingdom.  
In the history of restoration, you must understand what kind of illness has occurred. You must understand what kind of elements of fall and evil you have received. First, it is because of the self, the "I." It has arisen from the self. It has been thought of centered on the self. This is ingrained in you. It is embedded in every cell of you. What comes next? Next is the desire for possession, wanting to make things mine, wanting to make things mine. Then what comes next? It is the bloodline of false love. You have received the blood of the enemy. You must recognize that you have received the blood of the enemy.  
Therefore, within myself, there is the blood of Satan. Then, the desire for possession of Satan has entered. Furthermore, Satan himself has entered; the self-centered Satan has entered. When you see this, you should think that within the existence of "I," the love of Satan, the greed of Satan, and Satan himself are putting a crown on me. Do you understand what I mean? You must expel this Satan. You must extract the bloodline of Satan, the desires of Satan, and the self-centered elements of Satan. Now, what can you use to extract this?  
The purpose of God establishing religion and conducting the providence of salvation  
You are those who have been defiled by the love of Satan, but what in the world can make you forget your first love? What is it? Is there anything? Is there? "There is none." Answer me. "It is God's love." It is God's love, but do not just say it; think about what it really is.  
Young men and women in America do all sorts of things by the age of twelve, yet they are all tied to their first love and dragged around. The question is whether there is a power of love within you that can reject that first love.  
Now, among the blessed families, there may be such cases. Among the blessed families, did you completely forget the person who was your first love after being blessed? "Yes." (Laughter) How difficult is that? You may say "yes," but it is hard to overcome that thought.  
Your cells, your body, are tied to that power, that love, what should I say, that string of fallen love. Will you be dragged along or not? "I will not be dragged." If you think you are tied to that string, if you truly think you are tied, can you let your heart go? You cannot let it go. If it keeps winding you up with a winch and you are being dragged closer to the edge, you will be crushed.  
Have you thought about such things?  
What is the purpose of God establishing religion and conducting the providence of restoration and salvation? It is to cut this off. That is why I tell you to go the opposite way. If it is being wound up, you must hold on tight. It is the same. If you are being pulled, and someone pulls it and it snaps, what will happen? If Satan pulls once, it pulls here too. Then what will happen? Will you just sit still? If you sit still, half of it will be torn apart. That is why all thoughts and everything must pull on this string. Do you agree? Does it seem right? "Yes."  
From the head, "Oh, I must follow God," in terms of the Unification Church, "I must follow the words of the teacher," and when the head follows, then the heart must follow, and gradually, in the end, even the feet will follow. (Laughter) When the head is straddling the boundary like this... The heart is the problem. Do you feel that struggle? "Yes."  
It is difficult to escape the temptations of Satan.  

Satan sprinkles perfume and adorns himself in every way. He decorates himself in every possible way. Then he throws out bait. When we want to catch a tuna, we use something delicious as bait, right? Then, while circling around, when it bites, we pull it in. (Laughter) If you lack confidence, do not go near it. As you keep circling, you think you are going to bite without even realizing it.  
That is the struggle we are in. So, is religious life easy or difficult? "It is difficult." How difficult is it? "Very difficult." It is as difficult as going to the brink of death.  
When you think about it, when our Unification Church men and women go out into the world and see handsome men and beautiful women, what happens? Are you interested or not? What do you think? "Oh, I want to have a husband like that. I want to have a wife like that." Such thoughts arise, right? How about it? Be honest and tell me. Do you ever have those thoughts? "Yes." That is how it is. How dangerous is this? Do you feel that? "Yes."  
Now, if you are sleeping alone in a hotel room and the world's most handsome man or beautiful woman comes into your bed without you knowing and tempts you, what will you do then? Will you lean in? What will you do? That is a big incident. If such an incident occurs, what will you do? "Witness." (Laughter) If you witness, you will unknowingly get caught up in it. (Laughter) At that moment, will you say, "I knew you would come," and pull out a dagger prepared for such an occasion? What will you do? What will you do? "I was prepared to stab you, you bastard! I was ready to cut you open!" Can you do that? That is a question worth considering. That is the scariest thing in the world, more frightening than a lion, more frightening than a tiger, and you must know that there is no enemy worse than that.  
Then what else is there? Money! Diamonds! Gold! If you put a big diamond somewhere where no one is, don’t you want it? If you think you want it, you will get caught in Satan's trap. Do you have the potential to get caught in that? "Yes."  
What else is there? It is to elevate oneself. Everyone is jealous of others, criticizes others, harms others, and says, "Elevate me." "I am better than Dr. Dust, the person in charge. What does he know about being in charge? I am in charge! *We don't need a Korean leader. We don't need a Japanese leader. I will do it." (*From here, he speaks in English. Laughter) It is not something to laugh about. If Satan throws an anchor into your body, if he throws a hook, there will be many things to get caught on, right? "Too many conditions." Too many conditions? "Yes."  
How difficult is it? How hard must it be for God, who has been conducting the providence of salvation for tens of thousands of years, to still not be able to hang the title of having completed salvation and to declare that this is how it should be done?  
When you look at it this way, are you closer to Satan or to God? "I am closer to Satan." There are many elements of Satan. Do you like the elements of Satan? "No." Then what do you like? "Heavenly elements." That is correct. What are heavenly elements? They are the exact opposite.  
To be caught by the hook of heaven, you must deny yourself and love others.  
Earlier, I talked about first love. What does it mean to have first love with the ugliest person rather than the most handsome or beautiful? What is it? Answer me. People in the world think of religious believers as the lowest of the low. They think that the most unattractive people believe in religion. Those who serve and believe in God appear to be the most unattractive people in the world of Satan. No matter how handsome or beautiful they are, they must play in the garbage can of the human world.  
If good-looking people truly have religion, they will think, "How can I make this face unattractive?" It is all about the heart. They may wear smelly clothes and sometimes act like crazy people. (Laughter) Their nails may be dirty... Do you understand what I mean? Living in the world of enemies, they cannot survive and run away.  
With money, "What does it matter if the earrings are this or that? I will give you a diamond of a few carats. What is this necklace?" This is... metal, brass, yellow metal, and you wear it proudly? The world is centered around oneself, and even if you are scorned and despised... Shouldn't it be that way? Speaking of just one person. Satan throws his hooks, and God throws His hooks. When one is thrown from this side, another is thrown from the other side... He must have made all the money that can get caught on that hook. But Satan's hook tries to catch you thinking of yourself and loving yourself, while heaven tries to catch the opposite.  
These days in America, there is free sex and whatnot; what is that? What pocket is that? "Satan's pocket." Also, these days there are disco dances and whatnot, and there were twists and things in the past; what are they trying to do? In the end, what are they trying to do? They are trying to gather money, right? What is this? They want to catch good men and good women, right? What is that? "Satan's hook." It is definitely going to get caught. No matter how big the tuna is, once one gets caught, two get caught, and three get caught, they will be stuck.  
Therefore, this must be cut off. You must cut this off and create a pocket that can be caught by the heavenly kingdom. That is why you must not love yourself. It means to not love yourself. You must deny yourself and live for others. If you have possessions, you must make others live well rather than yourself. It is the exact opposite. The nation and the world must live well, not just you. It is not centered on you. You must sacrifice yourself.  
Thus, it is completely opposite to the character of Satan. Even if you say, "I won't go," God pulls you, and even if you try to go this way, you are constantly pulled that way. That is the struggle. When you look at your body and heart, the heart is trying to be pulled toward heaven, while the body is trying to be pulled toward Satan. Do you understand? "Yes."  
Our young ladies, "Oh! How nice it is to hold hands with a handsome man!" (Laughter)
However, instead, which hand should our Unification Church ladies hold? They should prefer the hand of an 80-year-old, an old man who is nearing death, over the hand of a young person. They should prefer it over the hand of a handsome man. (Applause) Nobody wants that. I know very well. When you hold the hands of grandfathers and grandmothers, you should say, 'It feels better, much better than holding the hands of handsome men and beautiful women.' You should hold the hands of uncles and aunts and say, 'It feels better, much better.' You should think, 'I don’t even need to touch the hands of young people.' Handsome men are just for looking at, you don’t need to touch them.

And if you are a white lady, then you should hold the hands of black grandfathers and grandmothers... Then no matter how much Satan tries to catch you, you will slip away like an eel. (Laughter) No matter how much Satan tries... If that happens, it’s okay to go anywhere in the world of Satan.

Before seeking the universe's dominion, complete the self-dominion.

What about the teacher? Can the teacher be an exception? "No." It’s the same. People say, "Reverend Moon is a millionaire! A billionaire!" (Applause) But I don’t even know where my savings account is. Today I’m wearing a nice suit, but I have no desire to dress well. I have no intention of boasting. When viewed from the world of Satan, I am someone who knows how to be humble. I know how to let go when needed. I can do everything. No matter who I meet, I never say, 'Please help me!' I always say, 'What can I do to help you?' I don’t think about receiving help.

So, what can I help you with? I help with the issue of life. From death to life... Do you think so too? "Yes."

What is the second thing? Love, true love. Regarding marriage... What does it have to do with me if you, Eastern or Western people, are getting married? It is about choosing the most suitable person for them. It may seem bad to your eyes, but I’m telling you to live with it. 'Why can someone do well and I can’t?' But the circumstances are all different. You must understand that your ancestors are all different.

If it’s an acacia tree, it must be an acacia tree; if it’s a poplar tree, it must be a poplar tree; if it’s a pine tree, it must be a pine tree. They must be of the same kind to be grafted together. 'The pine tree is green all year round, so it would be nice to combine with that... Oh, I don’t like the ones that lose their leaves.' Try saying that. Everything will disappear. In that sense, giving you money or anything else is not as great as helping you with something greater. "Amen." (Applause)

The Bible also says, 'Those who seek to live will die, and those who seek to die will live.' What does it mean when it says not to do anything because your family members are enemies? It is to prevent you from being caught in Satan's hook. There is nothing else. You are sitting here now... You are not somewhere else. Everything is within you. Everything is in me. The first commandment that I established during my training was to complete self-dominion before seeking the universe's dominion.

How do I appear in the eyes of Western people? Am I an ugly man or a handsome man? "A handsome man." (Laughter) I don’t know if I’m handsome or not, but it’s true that many women have proposed to me. (Laughter) There were women who wrote blood letters, and women who came into my room naked and forcibly sat on me; I have experienced all sorts of things. But because I know that... (Laughter)

So I wore the ugliest clothes, bought the smelliest ones from the junkyard, and went without lunch. I lived without eating lunch. When you go out, don’t you change into nice clothes? But I change into the worst rags, the smelliest clothes when I go out. And I try not to speak as much as possible. I lived that way.

Do you know why? I hated to appear in such places, like slums, and I worked in labor markets. If my friends didn’t have their monthly dues, I would go to the labor market and earn money to give them. Some rich girl would put money in a trunk and hand it over. The next day, I would meet her and educate her on how we should live in such situations.

The world doesn’t know how hard it was for me to stand here as Reverend Moon today. It was not easy to be recognized by God. And even when I prayed, I had many enemies, but I never said, 'God, please take revenge on my enemies.' I said, 'Please forgive him.' I thought, 'If there is anything I can do for him, I will do anything.' Living that way, I realized that God helped me, and I didn’t perish. The world began to follow me. Did I tell them to do so? Did I say to follow me? It’s a matter of the heart. You must understand how fearful and how great the place you are sitting in is. How much sacrifice the religious leaders of this land or good ancestors have made to stand in this position... Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

To become the sons and daughters of God and to establish heavenly families is to establish the heavenly kingdom.

Before our conference, I mentioned that we should create a union of minority groups. Is that necessary? "Yes." Why? Is it for Reverend Moon to succeed and for the Unification Church to do well? "No." It is to save the poor, even if Reverend Moon and the Unification Church have to sacrifice. I thought I needed to educate white people. (Applause)

Speaking of which... We need to create a fund for the union of minority groups. Do we need to create that fund or not? "We need to create it." Good. Then, should the minority groups contribute first, or should I contribute first? "We should contribute first." Who should contribute first? The Unification Church? "Yes." Reverend Moon? "..." So, how much will you contribute? Today is a good day; let’s create a fund. "Sounds good." How much? I have decided to contribute $2 million to the fund today. (Applause) You should earn one-hundredth of that. Will you contribute more than that? "Yes." Shouldn’t white people contribute more? "Yes." Countries like Poland and Czechoslovakia are all minority groups.

Will you also contribute one-hundredth each? "Yes." One-thousandth? "No." How much will it be? "All of it." We need to decide how much it will be. We need to establish an office and develop this movement. It would be okay to make an official announcement from the association. (Applause)

Now, when we gather people, what are we going to do with the money we earn, and what are we going to do with the power we gain? It is to save the world, the world of Satan.

I have not lived my whole life for myself. So what remains? Nothing remains. These days, I am dragged into court in America. How much money have I spent in this country? I have spent tens of millions of dollars, an uncountable amount of money, but for $110,000, they say I didn’t report it for tax evasion? Stop the nonsense. The money I am spending now, sometimes I am paying up to $7 million a day, and they are worried about a few thousand dollars? Did you even know that?

The money we earn is not for ourselves. Even if I die, I will surely keep that. (Cheers. Applause) Sometimes, when I am strict, I tell my mother not to spend money carelessly, to save even a penny. However, for you, my family... Even if I can’t wear clothes, if I want to buy clothes for my family, I will borrow money to buy them. I don’t do that for myself. I only allowed myself to spend money three years ago. Before that, I couldn’t spend it. Do you understand what that means? It means I should not get caught in Satan's snare.

Now, let’s return. We have strayed quite far from the topic. You must become the sons and daughters of God and establish God’s families in order for the heavenly kingdom to be established. It is the same in every family. Satan pulls, and God pulls, and for that family to return to heaven, they must put in extreme effort. Only then can each individual, if there are five family members, deal with Satan pulling and heaven pulling, cut the strings of Satan, and return to heaven. Will that be easy or difficult? "It will be difficult."

When viewed from God’s perspective, if one gets caught in Satan’s hook, will they yield? "No." If one person gets caught, that family will just go. So, will you ensure that you don’t get caught in Satan’s hook and become a heavenly family? "Yes." It’s easy to say. It is truly difficult to act.

You, so-called blessed families, what about the children born after being blessed? It’s different. The parents all know what position they are in centered on the Unification Church.

In today’s American families, mothers do their own thing, fathers do their own thing, and sons and daughters go to dance parties and do whatever they want; do you think that will connect with the heavenly kingdom? "No." How difficult is it to establish a heavenly family? Think about that. You must walk that path. From now on, you must go through the journey of life.

But is it easy or difficult for Reverend Moon, as the leader of the Unification Church, to lead so many Unification Church members to become citizens of the heavenly kingdom? "It is difficult." In any case, this path must be walked for eternity. Isn’t that right? (Applause)

Currently, even within the Unification Church, people of various races gather, with different customs, habits, cultures, traditions, and languages. They are all diverse. Some people want to go this way, while others want to go the opposite way. How difficult it must be to gather all these scattered people into one place and make them all heavenly citizens without getting caught in Satan’s snare!

Moreover, they are all soaked in various habitual tendencies due to the winds of the world of Satan. They are immersed in habits like using opium, free sex, fantasizing, and doing all sorts of things. It is impossible to gather all these people, melt them in a crucible, and mold them into one form. If they have made mistakes, they should reflect on them, but even knowing their mistakes, they still complain and whine.

So, is that an easy task? "It is difficult." How difficult do you think it is? In such a difficult position, you must understand how sinful it is to create divisions and stir up discord among family members.

When one family member is hurt, there must be a movement that continues 24 hours a day, without eating or sleeping, to resolve it. But are you even thinking about that? Are you thinking that you need to resolve and handle this environment well? When you think like this, it shows that Reverend Moon's work is not easy.

God desires people who love one another as brothers and come before Him.

Did you need the teacher while he was away? "Yes." Just as you miss the teacher, you should also miss each other among your family members. This is the teaching of the teacher. You should be able to miss each other more than you miss me. (Applause) Why? Why? To bring one more person as a citizen of the heavenly kingdom. If the people of Israel had worried about each other instead of worrying about Moses during their return to Canaan, they would not have perished. It’s the same.

When you think about it, how difficult it must be for God to lead such humanity and create the heavenly kingdom. It is not easy to forget your first love in the spirit world. That is why God sent the Messiah in place of Himself. He presented a movement to love the old first love more than anything else. You must love Him, who stands in the position of a representative, more than anyone else. More than your own family, more than your own sons and daughters, you must establish the condition of loving Him more than anyone else to escape the hooks of Satan. You must have the mindset of being nothing.

Let me ask you something. Blessed families, when you go before God, will you say, "I brought a husband whom I love more than God, whom I love dearly"? What will you say? "I have come this far, doing everything I can for my husband and family, rather than loving God." What will you say? "We have sacrificed everything for God, and we have come here as one." 

What will God say?

"You understood that to receive Your love, a man and a woman must become one, so we have become one to seek that." Do you understand what that means? "Yes." Such couples will go to the heavenly kingdom. If you say, "We have come here as one to meet You and receive blessings," that couple will be cut off!

Now, looking at it this way, is it easy or difficult to be God? "It is difficult." For thousands of years, why hasn’t the Almighty God been able to make this world into a heavenly kingdom?

Therefore, what does God want from us now? He desires a group that comes before Him, loving Him more than anything else, centered on you, and loving each other as brothers. If there is such a woman, she is known as God's woman, as Mother God. If there is such a man, he is known as Father God, and then they hope to engage in a love movement where they can serve each other as brothers.

If you live with such love and bring thousands before God, God will say, "You are my son." The difference in how many people you bring will determine your rank in the heavenly kingdom.

Has there ever been a person in the historical era who said they would not love God? No. They said they loved God, but they could not love their brothers. God wants you to love your brothers and come.

Did you pray for the teacher to come? Did you pray for the teacher to come? "Yes." Raise your hand if you prayed for the teacher to come. Did I ask you to come alone, or did I ask you to bring the people of the world? Was it the former or the latter? "The latter." Was it the former? "No." Then, do you like to bring all the diverse races of the world to America? "Yes."

Then, what you used to eat alone, ten people or a hundred people must share. Do you agree? "Yes." Also, the room where you used to sleep alone must now accommodate ten people. Do you still agree? "Yes." If ten people live together and there is only one nice outfit, when I want to wear it and go out, I should be able to take it off and give it to someone else. Do you still like that? "Yes." Really? "Yes." The people of the world don’t think that way. The ungrateful ones are out of their minds. Also, who will cook? Will you have the guests do it, or will you do it? "We will do it." The people who come are guests, and you are the hosts. You might do it once or twice, but how many years can you keep doing it? How long can you do it? Americans are smart and quick to calculate, right? "Yes." Isn’t that right? "Yes."
the difficulty for Americans to reach heaven. Let's be honest and talk about it. Everyone, are you happier not knowing about Reverend Moon, or are you happier knowing about him? "I am happier knowing." Only a few answered that they are happy, while the majority did not respond. (Laughter) Looking at the faces of those who said they are happy, they seem quite unfortunate, while those who did not answer and are just 'uh-huh' are the smart ones.

I feel like holding onto God's will is like holding onto a tiger's tail or a lion's tail, but if you are happy, are you better than me? (Laughter) Even if you roll around, you cannot let go, and even if you make a mess, you cannot let go. (Laughter)

So, are you happy? Are you really happy? "Yes." But you must remember that you have not truly become members of the Unification Church. (Laughter) That's why they say you have been brainwashed. (Laughter)

Just as you love your parents, you must love all of humanity to achieve heaven.

Today is a historic Children's Day. What makes it a historic Children's Day? When viewed from the center of God's will, the kingdom of heaven cannot be achieved by God alone. Therefore, a mediator is needed. Who should do the work of the mediator? Should it be God's servant, or should it be God's sons and daughters? Would God prefer that a servant does it or that sons and daughters do it? "Sons and daughters." To establish the kingdom of heaven, there must be a movement that can unite all from all directions completely.

Until now, Unification Church members have been loyal to their leaders, and those leaders have been busy giving orders, and that’s fine. But when your brothers give directions and wishes, you have not been able to follow them. You should not just follow Dr. Dustman. First, you must unite among yourselves and then follow Dr. Dustman. Even from a principled perspective, that is the right way. Only after Cain and Abel become one can the heavenly sovereign be established here. If Dr. Dustman does not want that, then Dr. Dustman is a fake. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."

The Bible also says that blessed are the peacemakers. It says that the peacemakers are God's sons and daughters. It is not those who follow orders well who are the sons and daughters. You must be at peace with your family. Loving among yourselves is a microcosm of loving the world. If you love one family member more than anyone else and are at peace with that person, then that person will go to a high heaven, and in the future, that person will become a leader. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Blessed families should not only be at peace with each other. Blessed families must bring peace to all families. They cannot just live well for themselves. When all the families around them are struggling, they must become a family that can lead them, sympathize with them, and encourage them. Only then can they be called a heavenly family.

You have misunderstood the Cain and Abel thought of the Unification Church until now. You think that leaders are unconditionally Abel, but that is not true. Abel must save Cain. Only by becoming one with Cain can they go to the mother. Even if you cannot become one with the leader, if you are united among yourselves, then a leader will come to that place. When two or three gather to pray, God is always with them, and that is why it is said. If you pray alone, it is different than when two or three gather to pray. Do you have a friend with whom you can share blood by cutting your flesh? Do you have such comrades?

From now on, you must abandon the leader-centered thinking you have had until now and adopt a member-centered ideology. Why must it be so? If there is a master in the family, that master must establish a perspective that is not for themselves but for the family in order to create a family heaven. Otherwise, a family heaven will not emerge. It is the same. Until now, you have been focused on the Unification Church teachers, but now you must focus on the Unification Church members and weave a community of love horizontally. By doing so, an environmental heaven will be established. You cannot just do it vertically. 

Therefore, you must love your parents as you love God, and you must love all humanity as you love your parents. You must unite with all humanity. You must digest the unpleasant environment where the two people next to you have foot odor, bad breath, and body odor. Wash their feet. If they have no clothes, give them your clothes. (Applause)

God prefers that you love each other more than He loves you. He prefers that you love each other more than you love your parents. This applies to the 36 families as well as to the senior families. If you say you love the teacher and the teacher's family, you must also love your members and love the whole.

Of course, on the path to heaven, you must follow the leader. There, a vertical relationship is necessary, but in living in heaven, a horizontal love expectation is essential. You must understand that. In the process of returning to Canaan, you must follow the leader, but when living, you must love your brothers. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Now is the time for that. It is the time of settlement. Therefore, the second 3rd 7-year course period is different from the time when you were heading toward Canaan's welfare. It is the time of living. You must understand this. (Applause) Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." It is the time to love your brothers just as you love God and the teacher.

When that happens, God will live with you, and you will live with the teacher. In that sense, the statement "Today is a historic Children's Day" is established. (Applause)

The 36 families must first align their hearts and become one.

Unblessed members must first unite with other unblessed members. To do that, you must align the hearts of twelve people from all four seasons. That takes three months. Similarly, there are twelve spiritual seats in the spiritual realm. There are twelve pearl gates. From now on, do not think about becoming one with the teacher, do not think about becoming one with the leader, but strive to become one with the twelve people.

Jesus also tried to align his heart with the twelve, the twelve disciples. It was because a disciple arose in opposition that Jesus died. While washing the feet of the disciples, he said, "I did not come to be served but to serve." He taught them how to serve. Therefore, through love and by being a backstabber, one can become central. It is theoretical. The twelve people are all trying to send to the center. Thus, they gradually come to stand in the middle. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

So, looking at this world, there are three layers. There are those who married on their own, then there are those who have established loving relationships but have not yet married, and then there are the singles. Adam fell because he married on his own, right? Jesus is in the engagement stage. He said he would come to find a bride in the time of the Second Advent.

In this way, there are three layers, one in this era, one in that era, and one in another era, so you must be able to align the hearts of the 36. (He writes on the board while speaking) That is why the Unification Church established the 36 families as global representatives. All 36 families must become one with each other. Only then can those who have fallen in the 3rd generation rise up like this. Everyone can go like this, and if they all go like this, they will enter heaven.

The Unification Church's Reverend Moon has been working to create oneness centered on the 36 families. He has been doing this work to align the hearts of the 36 families until now. Whenever there was something, he tried to do everything for them. He bought houses, sent them to their marriages, and tried to do everything.

When I came to America recently, I went around to buy everything. I went to buy carpets, chairs, and I did it all myself. Some members here said, "Wow, the 36 families are amazing! Even the teacher is going around like that." (Laughter) When I tell the 36 families, "You must do as I say," they should not dislike it. Even if I kick Park Bo-hee and tell him to go to Africa, he should not complain. (Laughter, Applause) How can someone with such a mindset not align their heart with God's heart or the teacher's heart? Whether they curse or kick, they must be able to align their hearts.

During the relay, there is a baton, right? All thirty-six people give that baton to me. What happens is that it becomes thirty-six stages centered on me. They receive it here, then come here to receive it, and then come here to receive it, and I move like this. (He writes on the board while speaking) Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You might say, "We don't need the 36 families," but we cannot do without the 36 families. You must pass through the 36 people. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." This is like a backbone. The senior families are all the backbone, and the nerves are all connected.

From now on, the issue is to love members more.

Jesus, centered on the twelve, centered on the twelve disciples, did it like this... These three must integrate. (He writes on the board while speaking) After going around the four seasons, from here, it will now turn in the opposite direction. What is the fall? It is that what should have turned like this turned like that.

When you go to the spiritual realm, will you only go through one of the twelve pearl gates, or will you freely go through all twelve pearl gates? "I want to go through all twelve pearl gates." If you only enter through one gate, even if you are in the heavenly palace, you can only go to one area. You cannot go to the west, south, or north. Even if you enter, you must come out. You must come out again. If there are gates all around, you should be able to go anywhere. You should be able to go wherever you want.

How many people's hearts must you align? How many people must you pass through? "Thirty-six people." Thirty-six people! By doing this, if you go to heaven, you can freely go back and forth to hell. Will you be someone who is restricted in the spiritual realm or someone who is liberated in freedom? "Liberated." You must train to pass through the tollgate of heaven, thinking, "Ah, this person next to me is someone at the tollgate of heaven, a gatekeeper." You must say, "I will melt you, I will move you, and when I enter, I will make you guide me."

Whites and blacks are like the north and south. But there is no center there. If a center is established, everyone can live. It is because there is no center that there is chaos. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

From now on, what you must do is unite among brothers. If you treat your brothers like the teacher, like God, then God will be with you and the teacher will be with you. (Applause) Will you do that? "Yes." In the course of returning to Canaan, you must follow, but now is the time to settle. It is time for you to become one with each other. You must love each other. If you love each other, you will be blessed. From now on, all Unification Church members around the world must start such a life. 

You can do without the teacher. If you want to see the teacher and love the teacher, if you want to see and love your neighbors, then heaven will be established.

At night, think about how you should be like a mother. Think about how you will be a brother or sister. You must prioritize your brothers over yourself. You must love your brothers more than you love yourself. You must claim your brother's possessions rather than your own. By centering on your brothers rather than yourself, you can completely escape from the world of Satan. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Even if Satan has millions of hooks, you can just pass by. If you throw hooks once, twice, three times and do not get caught, then from that point on, you will never get caught again. It will be goodbye. (Applause)

From now on, it will be a battle over who loves the members more than loving the teacher. A war must break out. Everyone, raise your hand if you love your parents. Oh! That is certainly true, right? "Yes." If you become one and love each other more than that, the teacher will be happier than if you love the teacher.

From now on, you cannot say that you cannot love each other. Saying, "Oh, I don't know how to love" is not an excuse. Oh! Raise your hand if you understand that. From now on, your heaven will begin. "Amen." (Applause, cheers)

Fighting for the honor of Koreans

Distinguished guests and members of the press! 
I sincerely thank you for coming here at such a late hour today.
I have returned to my homeland under the warm understanding of the American government to preside over the 10th International Scientific Unification Conference, which is being held for the first time in Korea. I will lead the largest gathering of scientists in the world, taking place from November 9 to 13, and I will introduce to the world-renowned scholars who have come to Korea the determination of the Korean people, who are a cultural nation, to confront communism despite the division of the North and South, and I will depart for New York around November 20.

I believe that everyone is well aware of the hardships I have faced in America through reports. Throughout history, those who have lived for righteousness and dedicated themselves to God have had to walk a thorny path and endure great suffering in their time. A representative of this is Jesus Christ, and we can see many examples of this throughout world history.

Since I made the decision to dedicate my life to God and the world, I have lived for 60 years and have endured many hardships. Knowing such historical lessons, how could I refuse the thorny path and the path of suffering at this point?

I do not feel wronged, angry, or disappointed about the American government suing me. If anyone has been wronged, it is God, who has suffered more than anyone else. I want to say that this is rather a glorious trial.

I have no pangs of conscience. Looking back on my life, I am confident that I have truly lived for God and have sacrificed and served humanity and the world, and therefore, I am not afraid of any court in the world or anything beyond that. For the past ten years, I have loved America with all my heart and have poured my blood and sweat into the revival of America's spirit and morals. History cannot deny this fact.

Today, in terms of God's providence, unless America wakes up and truly becomes God's nation, there is no way to save the world from the clutches of communism. I have gained nothing from America. I have devoted all my efforts to the Unification Church movement in America.

America is commonly known as a rich country, a country that provides aid. However, in the case of the Unification Church, it is the opposite; America has been a recipient country, receiving spiritual and material aid from the Unification Church. If loving America and doing this is a sin, I would unhesitatingly accept condemnation and would not shy away from the suffering of the cross.

If there are two flaws in beautiful America, great America, it is...
Religious prejudice and racial discrimination. In particular, despite President Lincoln paying the price of blood over the issue of racial discrimination, it remains an unresolved issue. Furthermore, in recent American society, the famous Reverend Martin Luther King became a holy sacrifice in the fight against injustice. Now this struggle has become the struggle of the Unification Church. The Unification Church movement, which crossed over from the East, has become a spokesperson and champion for all minority groups that are marginalized in America today.

I have taken this opportunity to establish a Minority Coalition within the United States. Before returning home, I even prepared the funds for it. The human rights movement of the Minority Coalition, which is fervently rising in America right now, will become a righteous movement for America in the 1980s. If God is alive and there is truth, history cannot help but flow in this direction.

I truly believe that the lawsuit against me by America is a blessing from God, giving me the opportunity to establish a tradition of fighting against injustice on the world stage, and I am filled with gratitude. Moreover, I am also thankful that through this opportunity, I can express the spirit and pride of Koreans to the world, and I will fight with the honor of Koreans in mind at all times. I sincerely thank the many compatriots in my home country and the numerous Korean-Americans in the United States for their enthusiastic and warm support.

I believe that God will bless our homeland, the Republic of Korea, to be a glorious nation before the world, and this is my brief greeting upon my return. Thank you.

Building a Racial Foundation through Home Church

How many people are there? "212 people." Is it ending today? "Yes." What have you been doing in the meantime? Have you been giving principle lectures? "Yes, giving principle lectures and placements..." Where, in Seoul? "Yes."

People must align with the purpose.

Let's hear everyone's impressions. "Everyone has been deeply impressed and has reestablished their own perspectives during this opportunity." Who is the oldest person here? How old are they? "58 years old." Is 58 old? There are about 36 families, right? Haven't the 36 families come? (Someone attaches a microphone to their chest) What are you going to do with the microphone? "You are speaking while sitting." Speak while sitting? "Do as you please." Did I come to speak? I came to supervise. Joo Byeong-kyu, did you play the role of a watchman in Ilhwa, or what did you do? "I was at the pump station." You are the head of Ilhwa? "The pump." Right, the pump. So are you going to do some evangelism now? "I will do evangelism diligently."

Can I say something? Should I speak or stop? There are many familiar faces from the past. Many faces I remember. What have you all been doing during this time? "Most are in internal organizations, and the rest are either doing personal business or working in social jobs." Did I create internal organizations for no reason? Looking at you all, it seems you have all become middle-aged. "The people gathered here are the original members of the Unification Church." If they are the original members of the Unification Church, they should be put into the factory and produce goods again. Are they raw materials? Is an elder an elder or a raw material? "As Father interpreted." (Laughter)

Did you all meet the teacher just to get jobs? Did you meet to get married? You never thought about getting married, did you? "No." Did you think about having children? You all thought you would die as bachelors, but now in the fall, you all started to eat extra meals and got a bit carried away.

So who has the most children here? "Eight children." Who? "Director Jeong Su-won." Where is Jeong Su-won? Is Jeong Su-won here? "This time, the directors are the instructors." Did the instructors not come, this morning? "Yes." Why? "They had to come out early..." They should come out early; where is the night and where is the time? Does God take a break?

Since I came to Korea, the curfew is my enemy. I should be able to sleep when I want, eat when I want, and play when I want, but that is not the case. The purpose is not waiting for you; you must wait for the purpose and align yourself with it. You must study. People must align with the purpose; the purpose does not align with people. The teacher is the same. You must align with the purpose according to the timing. If the teacher does, then the members of the Unification Church also have their own responsibility to align with that.

The reason God gave humans the responsibility to share.

What should I talk about? Should I talk about faith, the world, or family? What should I talk about? "Please speak as you wish, Father." So what do you want to hear?

How many people have gone to the spiritual world? "More than 430 families." No, are there people in the spiritual world from the 36 families? Do you all think about dying at least once? "Yes." Do you know when you will die? "No." What will you do when you die? "I can't do anything." (Laughter) Do you know there is a spiritual world? We, the Unification Church members, know there is a spiritual world, right? "Yes." Have those who know there is a spiritual world lived like this until now?

Has Pastor Lee talked about human responsibility? Pastor Lee, what is human responsibility? Does Pastor Lee also have human responsibility left? "From a providential perspective, God's responsibility is complete, but human responsibility remains." Ah, does Pastor Lee also have human responsibility left? "I can't say for sure, but there is still a lot left." That's why it is because of human responsibility that we are stuck.

What would have happened if there were no human responsibility? Why was human responsibility given? "..." Ah, does the lecturer not know that? Why was human responsibility established? "To realize the Father's purpose on earth..." That is related to the purpose of creation. Why was human responsibility originally given? It was to involve humans in the work of creation, and then what else? "To govern all things." And then? "To give humans the qualification to govern all things by resembling creativity." And then? "For the absoluteness and perfection of the principle." These are the three contents.

You must participate in God's work of creation. Originally, even if you had not fallen, such responsibilities exist. Human responsibility was not established because of the fall; even without the fall, humans bear responsibility. Even if a person possesses all the ideal forms of God's creation, which is 95 percent, they must fulfill their 5 percent responsibility. Human completion is not something God does alone; humans have the responsibility to contribute to their own completion, even if they have not fallen.

Moreover, there is the absoluteness of the principle. The principle cannot be forgiven. You must go anyway. You must go even after death. You must go for eternity. If God could do this freely, then God would not have needed to walk the path of suffering in the providence of restoration until now. Because it has been established that way, and because there is a limit to the responsibility-sharing, God has been caught in that and has walked the path of suffering to restore humanity until now. You must understand that this responsibility is not only God's but is shared with humanity. Even without the fall, it is so.

Fallen humans must go through the process of re-creation.

In this view, how are fallen humans today? Fallen humans have not only human responsibility. They have squandered 97 percent of the entire creation. Therefore, re-creation is necessary, but what is re-creation? It is not something that can stand at the limit of responsibility-sharing. The entire process of creation has collapsed. So how difficult is that? Therefore, unless humans fulfill the responsibilities corresponding to 97 percent, there will be no way to complete the responsibility-sharing forever. Re-creation is necessary. That is why the providence of restoration is a history of re-creation, and why is re-creation absolutely necessary? Because of human responsibility. To reach that point, one must go through the process of re-creation. To go through the process of re-creation, one must necessarily establish conditions for indemnity. One must go through the path of suffering.

God has been dealing with the human world from a position above human responsibility-sharing until now. However, fallen humans must build a bridge to rise up. All of humanity is caught in that realm. The entire world is caught, history is caught, and all those who have gone to the spiritual world in the past, the current humanity, and all future descendants cannot escape this realm of fate. This is the realm of fallen resentment.

So, what must be done in the process of re-creation? One must go through a process of struggle. With whom? With Satan. What is all this? Who is governing the realm necessary for the process of re-creation? Satan is governing it. Satan governs the 97 percent realm, and from 97 percent and above, God governs. 

Absolute emotional standards are necessary to overcome Satan.

So how do we find this? We must fight and overcome Satan. What conditions are needed to win? What is needed to win? Emotional standards are absolutely necessary. Emotional standards are needed. What else is needed for those emotional standards? One must absolutely block all the arrows of the satanic world with the body and overcome persecution. Conversely, while the heart is the most precious, to contain that heart, one must receive indemnity with the body. To stand before God, one must receive indemnity with material things.

That is why, in order to restore things in reverse, we must build a bridge of the emotional world over our physical bodies and rise through that bridge. To do that, the body must win over Satan, and one must win over Satan with external material conditions.

Until now, God has not been able to re-create because you do not possess the material conditions that God can own. What are the material conditions that God can own? When creating Adam and Eve, God created them by extracting all essences, representing all things. They were made from God's possessions. However, due to the fall, everything became Satan's. So how must we find this? We must find it through conditions of indemnity. We must establish conditions that can create our bodies, conditions for re-creation, and go to the world of Satan to find it.

Historically, this has been connected through the condition of tithing. Based on this, one must pay the price of their blood. In the case of Jesus, one must pay the price of blood, like the indemnity fund. You cannot align with God's heart without offering your blood, sweat, and tears.

In terms of heart, what is Satan? First, Satan thinks of itself. It centers on itself. Then it has the concept of ownership. Then it centered on self-love. These are the three major elements that Satan possesses.

Therefore, you must not have self in you. Within self, there is a boundary of some family, like the son of a certain family, if you are from the Kim clan, you are the son of Kim, if you are Heo Bong-gu, you are "the son of Heo." There is a fence behind that. There is something called Heo. There is "I" in that. Then there is ownership. There is ownership centered around self. Then there is emotional authority centered around that. Issues of love, emotional issues, mother, father, sister, brother, and things of your own house are there. It is a fence centered around self. This expands to include your country, the world, and even the spiritual world.

Because all of this is established around love due to the fall, you must rise above that standard in loving God. You must go beyond the position of any loyal subject or filial son in the historical age of the satanic world. You must establish that standard and find material conditions. Do you think you only need to give tithes to be re-created? You must offer 100 percent of your property and everything to heaven. That property is the property inherited from your ancestors until now, and today it is the property of the nation if it is a nation. You must inherit that as your own. You must stand in a position where you can inherit the items that represent your family among the items that represent the Republic of Korea. With all your sincerity...

To possess that ownership, your emotional foundation must transcend the historical age today. Therefore, the heart of the satanic world, that is, the love of the parents of the satanic world toward their children, or the love between husband and wife, or sibling love, or loyalty to the nation, all the love and emotional backgrounds must be surpassed. From there, you must find material things with that heart and re-create your body.

To re-create Adam, material conditions must exist.

So the path of the Unification Church... When you first enter, you have lived carelessly until now, but in the future... There is an official training process here. Within a period of seven months, you must undergo 70 days of training. In other words, you must go through the 40-day training. You must go through 2 days, 7 days, 21 days, and 40 days, so you must go through a total of 70 days of training. During that period, you must clear away all your habitual environments.

The initial 2-day training is to create an ideological buffer zone. In the 7-day training, you must complete the 7 principles of the principle process. God created humans in six days. You must absolutely acknowledge God—not Satan—and confirm 'I' as a citizen of God's nation and God's people. If I become a citizen of God's people, then I must become a person of God and fulfill my responsibilities as a person of God. With such a resolution, you must go through all the training to fight against Satan centered on 40 days, 40 principles, and 4 principles.

Then, your emotional standards must be higher than anyone in the satanic world, and you must reach a position where Satan can recognize the emotional standards related to heaven. All your possessions and emotional standards must relate to heaven. Until now, you have fallen and centered around Satan, with Satan's possessions, Satan's body, and Satan's heart, but you must re-bind yourself around God, with God's heart, God's body, and God's possessions, and indemnify. Then you must offer it to God. That is not mine. Ownership is originally meant to be God's, it cannot be mine.

Due to fallen Adam, everything was deprived of God's possessions. It means that material possessions, bodily possessions, and emotional possessions were completely deprived. After returning all of these, you must inherit again from heaven without Satan's accusations. Only after inheriting again can a free stage for your activities be formed.

So when you enter the Unification Church, you must immediately undergo 70 days of training, and then what do you do? You go out and engage in economic activities. You must do that. You must engage in economic activities for more than 3 and a half years, within a period of 7 years, or more than 21 months. You must earn everything and must not do it like the old Ananias and Sapphira. You must not sell your possessions and hide half of it, as it was immediately discovered before Peter, leading to their sudden deaths, just like that, taking a portion of your own.
You shouldn't. You must earn everything 100% yourself and offer it to Heaven, adding the value of your blood and sweat. Do you understand? Even if you have a lot of money inherited from your ancestors, you must gather it all and present it before Heaven, attaching the seed of emotional value through your blood and sweat. You must sell your body and attach the price of your blood.

Why must it be done this way? Because you need to recreate yourself. You must be reborn. However, there is no material to recreate yourself. Therefore, it must be done, right? To recreate yourself, you need material conditions that can be owned before God, but they do not exist. So, this must be created.

This cannot be done with just one region. A country like America must receive the scorn of many ethnic groups. It must receive the scorn of the world. It must be persecuted by various people, including whites, blacks, and those of Spanish descent. And all that persecution must be overcome. You must establish the condition of having won. While being hated, insulted, and scorned, you must receive the funds of cooperation with a heart of repentance in the satanic world. Just gathering that will not be enough to be on Heaven's side. You must attach the price of your blood to connect with Heaven.

Thus, what you have received from the satanic world must be combined with Abel-like things and offered to God to become God's possession. You must understand that there is a material Cain and Abel. Do you understand what I mean? Without this, there are no material conditions to create yourself or to create Adam.

After establishing those conditions, what comes next is centered around your body... This body is under the dominion of Satan, and it is being scorned in the satanic world. To become Adam, or the representative of Adam, you must go through a process of indemnifying all historical conditions centered on the condition of indemnity because humanity has lost so much due to Adam.

So, what is involved in indemnification? We have committed the sins of the three parents, overall. Adam also sinned. He could not stand in the position of a parent and sinned. Then, Jesus came to this earth to restore Adam's mistake, but he also failed. Now, we are in the age of the Second Coming, and the established church has not upheld the Unification Church. As a result, the nation is being invaded, and the free world is being captured and dragged away by Cain. The entire communist world is being dragged away. The direction is all going that way. This means that humanity today is in a position to pay the global indemnity for all the costs incurred by invading the three parents.

To establish the material conditions that can create yourself...

So, what is the Unification Church today? The Unification Church is not about gathering together to make a living, creating a company, or engaging in the games of the world. It is about resolving the historical grievances of the three parents that all of humanity has invaded, regardless of the sacrifices made in my life. That is the path the Unification Church must take.

So, what did Adam violate? He could not stand in the position of a parent. He should have gone out from the position of a child to the position of a parent... Originally, Adam was supposed to become the body of God, but he violated the body of the Father. He violated the body of the parents. Through the archangel, due to the fall of Eve and the archangel, it happened, and then in the time of Jesus, what happened? Christianity... The archangel's authority is Judaism. The archangel's authority of Judaism also violated Jesus. The same goes for the age of the Second Coming. The Cain authority is the archangel's authority. We must indemnify these three ages.

Therefore, Adam must be restored. Not the fallen Adam, but the original, unfallen parents must be restored. Jesus Christ came to indemnify Adam's incompletion, but he was killed. All the issues that Korea, Christianity, and others have committed against the Teacher are all tied to this. Only after indemnifying the sins of the three parents can one establish their own dignity or do anything. Without knowing that, without knowing what indemnification is, one cannot go to heaven or call God Father. Do you understand? "Yes."

So, what must be done during that period? In order to be reborn as a person of Heaven before Heaven, material conditions are absolutely necessary. You must invest all your family's wealth with all your sincerity for your foundation. And you must pay the price of Abel's blood, the price of tears. Only by establishing the price of blood and material conditions and combining them can Heaven be moved. The standard of heart must surpass that of Adam's heart. It must surpass the standard of the archangel's heart. It must surpass the standard of Eve's heart. What that means is that you must have a heart that loves more than anything and anyone. You must create the conditions for that environment with a heart that absolutizes God. That is the problem the Unification Church is facing. Therefore, we are engaging in economic activities globally, such as in Japan.

When God created Adam, who cooperated? The archangel cooperated, right? Similarly, in the economic activities of the Unification Church, God must participate and the archangel must cooperate. Then, it can be said, "This person has no selfishness. There is no selfishness regarding material. It started publicly and ended publicly," and it must be recognized based on God's heart to escape the accusations of Satan and establish the conditional material realm that can create oneself. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Have you established that? You all fell into the pit...

You must become a person of Heaven who does not need restoration.

Since the 1970s, you have not understood the Principle. The Teacher has been working for the past ten years in foreign countries in front of foreign members. With whom? Where must the material origin be established? It must be established from Japan, from Eve. That tradition of Eve must be established in the Western world, in the world of the archangel. For that, people in Korea must be in a position above that. But are you all trying to get jobs and live? If you do that, you will all be ruined. You will all be destroyed. You will all fall into the abyss.

Therefore, centered around economic issues, you must inherit the tradition of Japan and the traditions of foreign countries like America. Do you understand? When Adam fell, he lost God by inheriting the traditions of the archangel and Eve, so you must inherit the traditions of Eve and the archangel from Japan and America, but your emotional standards must be in a position above that. You must stand in Adam's position. Therefore, there can be no complaints. Even if the Japanese complain, or if the Americans complain, the leaders of the Unification Church cannot complain. From the standpoint that Korea is the Adam nation, there can be absolutely no complaints. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Do you have any complaints now? "No, we do not." Recently, when I asked everyone to submit their resignations, there were some who said they would not resign, right? Do you think the Teacher is doing this for no reason? I am trying to save you because through this period of time, you will all fall into the realm of death. But you are acting like this. Then you have no qualifications.

The Teacher represents the Republic of Korea. The Teacher represents Adam. He represents the global individual male, the global family, the global tribe, and the entire nation. He represents the man as the head of the family, the representative of the clan, and the representative of the nation as a king. He has been fulfilling such responsibilities until now.

So, from the individual, I am laying down a bridge. I have been establishing the conditions of indemnity and laying down a ladder. You cannot just climb that ladder. To climb that ladder, you must become a person of Heaven, you yourself. Do you understand? You must become a person of Heaven. You must become a person of Heaven who has been recreated by God with material, a person of Heaven who does not need restoration. You must be someone who can freely ascend and descend within the realm of the Principle.

To do that, you must completely become one with the Parents. You must be one with the Parents 24 hours a day, day and night. There can be no objections to this. By completely becoming one with the Parents, you are granted the privilege of being able to follow the path of the Parents. Do you understand? "Yes." Then what will you establish as the condition of indemnity? Therefore, if the Teacher has laid down the bridge on a global scale, you yourselves... The global bridge may be narrow at first, but it widens gradually. Do you understand what I mean? The bridge widens more and more as it goes. However, your bridge does not widen. It all narrows down, and you are in a position where everything connects to one path.

Therefore, centered around the Unification Church, if you completely become one with the Teacher, you will ascend like that. Consequently, you... The Teacher has been conducting the history of indemnity centered on the global stage. From a national standard, the Republic of Korea is the Adam nation, the nation of Eve, the nation of the archangel... I don't have time to go into detail, but this time is the last time.

What has not been recreated is the property of Satan.

First of all, based on human responsibility, you have nothing that God has completed 97%. The Teacher has now recreated that on behalf of you. So, you must absolutely believe the Teacher's words and do as the Teacher says. There can be no objections. You must walk the path of purpose even while wearing shackles. You cannot say, "Oh, what about my children? Oh, what about my wife?" Who will remember the wife of someone going to prison? Who will remember the children of such a person? You must trample over your children, trample over your wife, trample over your country, and trample over this world with a loyalty to your nation. Only then will you not be accused when comparing the heart realm with the heart realm of Satan. That attitude is necessary.

Therefore, the clothes you are wearing are not yours. Isn't that so? If my body is not mine, how can my possessions, my house, be mine? I cannot have any possessions. That is the position you are in.

Therefore, the Teacher is also walking that path. Heaven is pushing you along the path of the lowest. Our Seongjin's mother was here in Seoul. She had no relatives and left her husband, believing only in him. She was driven away by Heaven just a few days after giving birth to Seongjin. Where did she go? To buy rice in Yeonan, she left with a truck and went north. Does she think of her husband and child wherever she goes? She must go. If she thinks of her child and wife there, it is not good. If she cuts off all ties, Heaven will protect her so that she can live. If she hesitates, she will lose everything. Her child will get caught, and her wife will get caught. If her wife and child get caught, she herself will fall into a trap completely.

Isn't that so? The rope of Heaven must be climbed from below, and I must go up and lower the rope for others to come up. No matter how much you grab, Heaven cannot pull you up. Do you understand? I must go up and lower the rope; Heaven cannot pull you up without leaving conditions of indemnity. That is the path you are walking. No matter what suffering path there is, you must overcome it and go up there, tie the rope, and let others grab it so that I can pull them up, instead of God. Just because you don't know until then doesn't mean you are abandoned. It is in the true sense that you are abandoned to save. Those who complain about that will perish. If you cannot be grateful for that, you will perish. Your wife will perish, and your children will perish. That is the Principle.

Now, your concept of ownership, "I am someone!" is precious? Your body is now a subsidiary of Satan, and it has become like a house, using me and sitting here; can you leave it alone? You must strike it down. You must disregard "I." The Teacher knows this, which is why he said, "Before looking at the cosmic viewpoint, complete the individual viewpoint." If you start thinking about what you want to do, you are your own enemy. You must fight. You must fight against the desires for ownership, autonomy, and lust. If there is something to eat, you want to eat the delicious things, and if there are good things, you want to have them, right? You must fight against those. If there are good things, you must feed others.

Why must you feed others? You must create the Cain realm of Heaven. You must create the Cain realm on Heaven's side. That is why you feed others, sacrificing yourself to do so. What is that? It is creating the Cain of Heaven. By creating the Cain of Heaven, you must stand in the position of Abel on Heaven's side and become one with Abel. You cannot return alone. You absolutely cannot return.

Therefore, you must sell everything you have, give away everything you wear—because that Cain is on the side of Satan—and teach that tradition before Satan. Thus, the movement to expand the Cain tradition is carried out through religion. That is why religion is now saying, "Do not possess." Until now, it has been made so that you cannot handle material. Now that we have entered the restoration era, our Unification Church can have ownership and can engage in activities centered around material, which was not allowed until now. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

The bodies of you who have not been recreated are not yours. They are the property of Satan. You must capture this body. This eye goes sideways centered on itself, this ear tries to hear only good things centered on itself, and this mouth tries to eat only for itself and seeks comfort. You children of this!

To follow Heaven, you must see sad things. You must see crying and wailing. You must be able to hear all the cries with gratitude and love. You must transcend your self-centered ideas. You must try to sit behind wherever you go, not trying to appear, pretending to be unaware, and even when insulted, you must try to comfort others. You must do the exact opposite.

Then God will say, "My son! No matter how harsh the world is, no one can oppose you because the heart that wants to love you more than anyone else, the heart of filial piety, cannot be invaded." By walking this path of filial piety, you are drawing the signal. You must be a son centered on God, not one centered on yourself.
The central figure was Heo Bong-gu, and it must be so. Do you understand? Decisions centered on God must be ownership decisions, autonomous decisions, and loving decisions. 

What is the decision of love? It is to love one's enemies more than one's own parents and family. What is one's own body? It must go into the world of enemies and sacrifice for the enemies. One must be able to love one's enemies. 

Cain was the thief who took his younger brother Abel's belongings, right? Isn't that so? Cain is the older brother, but he took his younger brother's things. He is a son of the archangel. If you regard this enemy as an enemy, there is no way to find a path back. Even if you try to come back, heaven cannot forcibly take you back like a thief. You must receive it naturally. You must receive it naturally. This is difficult. Because of this, God is at the point of death. If you do not receive it naturally, there is no way to come back. 

The person who took my belongings is my older brother, but a robber brother who took everything. You cannot just come back by stabbing with a knife and cutting off heads. You must move them with love, so that they can naturally return to their original state. Wouldn't it be nice if you could just threaten others with a knife to get it back? Heaven and Satan are fundamentally different. 

From the position of having naturally returned centered on the Cain-like environment, the older brother should come to the younger brother with joy and say, "Since I have come to know God centered on love, in order to return to God, you must stand before me. I was a child who would be rebuked and cast out, but as a descendant of Adam, I must originally return to God, so I will benefit through you. Therefore, you must take all that I have and offer it before God." It must be possible to do this. You must gather all that belongs to Satan and bring it before God. 

Yet, what about one's own belongings? What about living on a salary? Oh! These children, what about this and that… Do you understand what I mean? Who should be the center? "God." It is not your own center. It is absolutely centered on God. You cannot return with your own center. 

What else? You must eliminate the concept of ownership. What Satan has historically done against God is to say, "It is mine." He is taking what belongs to God and claiming it as his own. Therefore, when the teacher, representing heaven, says, "Hey, Park Pan-nam! Bring it all!" there should be no objections. Saying, "I promised my friend to give this to him," and taking it out, or "I promised to give this to my wife," and taking it out does not work. Do you understand? You must be in a position to present your belongings before heaven through Abel 100%. That is the principle. Furthermore, Abel must naturally receive Cain's belongings. If not, Abel cannot return either. That is why Abel has until now… 

Until now, he did not know this. Because he could not overcome this trap, history has all been caught up, and globally it is going to ruin, and today the communist world and the democratic world are groaning because they cannot fill this pit. From individuals to families and tribes, they have all fallen into this gutter… Do you understand what I mean? Pastor Lee! Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Such games are to find individuals in the individual age… You must find yourself. You must play all these games to find individuals, and then to find families. After that, you must fight to find tribes, nations, and the world. This fight is repeated. Thus, you are taking it away while being hit. 

In this way, the absolute center must be placed on God. It is not self-centered. It is absolutely centered on heaven. My entirety belongs to God, without objection. The fundamental starting point is God's, the process is God's, and the end is God's. This must be rock solid. There is no way to make excuses about this. You must completely determine the position of the self centered on the absolute authority of God. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

To connect to the original world, you must establish national ownership. 

These children, while training, have many fantasies, right? How is it? Did you have many fantasies while training? "Yes." Is that a correct thought or a wrong thought? Critique it once. Is it a correct thought? "It is a wrong thought." It is a correct thought, you children! "It is a wrong thought." "What about this and that, how will I live?" But how to live is not the problem. You must realize that you are currently dead. If you do not, you cannot escape from the realm of traps. Even if the tail comes out, if the head does not come out, it will perish. It is death. Do you understand? Even if the tail is inside, if the head comes out, it comes out. The head is caught. You must think clearly about that. 

You have no possessions. Are you God's? There is no condition for re-creation. In the realm of Satan, through the teacher… You must be tied to the teacher. The teacher has put a rope around your neck. You must pull this rope in; I will not pull it for you. Why? Who must establish the condition of indemnity? "Yourself." You must establish it yourself. That is why the teacher has given you all the ropes to cross over to the world based on the global condition of indemnity he has established. You can go up if you work hard because the ladder is there. 

Thus, you must completely settle accounts and return to fulfill the heart of the True Parents. Until now, what the teacher has done in Korea is that. He is indemnifying everything that Adam failed and Jesus failed on a global scale. Christianity has sinned against the teacher while relying on him. Humanity has sinned again. The Christianity that should listen to the teacher has all turned to Satan by despising and opposing the teacher, and thus the democratic world has all turned to Satan. 

In South Korea, the persecution of the Unification Church has now passed, right? Now, after the teacher goes to America, all the people of South Korea, regardless of their status, have all become supporters of the teacher, saying that American children are bad, but the Unification Church's Moon is not bad. It may be a small number, but those who oppose will now say it is good. Now that time has come. 

So, in such a time, the teacher has indemnified everything… The teacher has been carrying out the indemnity of individuals, families, tribes, nations, and countries according to the principle until now. What is the center of that indemnity? It is centered on the family. The teacher has been doing this while carrying his family around. Now that 20 years of the indemnity course has passed, what will happen next? A global person, Satan has been taking people until now… People are important. This is what he has tried to cut off. If you believe only the teacher's words and go out, the indemnity rope that Satan can use to take people will be cut off. 

So what the teacher is doing now is building an economic foundation. It is to create national ownership. It is not personal ownership; it is national ownership. Based on personal ownership that can recreate me, if you win over Satan as a person who can recreate, and establish national ownership in the world of Satan, that is, if you only establish the external foundation, you can connect to the original world. 

Now the path of persecution has disappeared. 

We have entered a time that has passed through the 3rd 7-year course based on the victory foundation… What does that mean? It means that in the spiritual realm, you can win, and on the physical foundation, you can win, and the path has been paved for you to win on the material foundation. 

However, this is not connected to the world. That is why from now on, we are entering the era of global connection. It is the era of connecting people to the world, the era of connecting the economy to the world. Do you understand? The teacher has paved the foundation that can connect people, so now we must do the work of connecting the global material foundation. You are entering the stage of receiving the people foundation, and after that is all done… After the work of receiving the people foundation is finished, we want to prepare to receive the material foundation globally through indemnity. This year, the teacher married Yejin and went to Europe three days later, but it was not for the European church. The members did not meet him. We must pave the future economic realm in the 7-year course. 

Until now, I have been laying the foundation in the spiritual realm, not wanting to make you suffer, allowing you to live, but now it is your era. You must completely cut off and do the work as the teacher did in the 7-year course. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Therefore, because of that, you will be able to do the work that the teacher did horizontally and globally. 

Then what do you do? You must completely settle the sins committed by the three generations of parents and work in their place. You must understand that you have entered the era where you can work in place of your parents. "Yes." What you must do in their place is to repeat what the teacher did. However, you cannot go around the world doing what the teacher did on the global stage. Therefore, you must do it in a limited place, like an altar. You must do it at an altar that has shrunk down from all that was connected by offering sacrifices around the world, representing all of humanity. Your active indemnity content is needed, which is why the home church has been created in that form. 

What is the home church? It is a tribe. It is the foundation of the tribal Messiah, and what is the foundation of the tribal Messiah? When viewed centered on Jesus, it is the foundation of the Joseph family and the Zechariah family. Jesus died because of the Zechariah family. Although they could not become one centered on the Joseph family, they also could not become one centered on the Zechariah family. You know the Zechariah family, right? It is the family of John the Baptist. "Yes." Who is John the Baptist? He is a brother of Jesus. They are brothers, although they have different mothers. 

John the Baptist, who was born six months earlier, had to indemnify and restore what Cain had dominated for 6,000 years, and although he was the younger brother, he had to offer all of his family from father Zechariah to mother and children before Jesus, who represented the Joseph family. He had to offer everything, and through him, who had nothing, he had to inherit the emotional foundation to enter heaven. Because he could not do that, he died. Therefore, you must do that work. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Why did Jesus die? It is because the 12 disciples did not become one and the 72 disciples did not become one. That makes 84. If the entire family had united with Jesus, he would not have had to go and choose the 12 apostles, like Peter, James, and John, from somewhere else. He should have chosen the 12 apostles from among his own family, within the realm of Cain, within the realm of the Zechariah family, and after returning, if he married within his family, the 12 tribes would be formed as a family. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

This is what should have been done, but because they could not connect the tribal foundation that could unite centered on the number 84, Jesus died on the cross, and you have the responsibility to indemnify this. That is why I told you to evangelize 84 people over 7 years. If you evangelize 12 people each year, over 7 years, it will make 84. Do you understand? That is the principled number that comes from evangelizing one person each month for 7 years. That is the path the teacher is taking. The teacher is the same. 

The teacher has pioneered this global path while being persecuted. But now we are moving beyond the era of persecution. On the day the teacher stands in court and wins, we will have completely moved on. The day he goes to America and breaks through, we will have completely moved on. Until now, all who opposed the Unification Church will be able to turn around and say it was all lies. On that day, there will be no path of persecution before you. We are entering a time that is moving beyond such times. Do you understand what I mean? 

The home church is the victorious Cain realm. 

Then how do you create the foundation of 84 people that can indemnify this? It is the home church. The home church was created to distribute the Cain lineage to each of you. Do you understand? You must think about how difficult it is to inherit the home church. Even if you were to burn all the people who lived and died over the 6,000 years of biblical history since Adam's fall and offer them as sacrifices, it would still be difficult to receive the home church foundation. 

You have no qualifications to inherit the home church. You must understand that the place where Jesus represented the Joseph family and received the entire Zechariah family is the place where the home church is inherited. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." The home church is not done for no reason. It is to resurrect everything that Jesus failed and everything that the John the Baptist lineage failed, and under the authority of the teacher's victory, to restore the Cain lineage. When the Cain lineage is restored, your lineage will automatically be opened up around you. Marriage must also be done like that in the future. If you marry, you will all become one family, right? Isn't that so? "Yes." 

The teacher has arranged marriages for Unification Church members globally, right? Isn't that so? He has married Koreans and Japanese, mixing them all together. So what remains? Then Americans will not be Americans, Japanese will not be Japanese, and everyone will become Korean. They will become the people of the teacher. Isn't that so? A new nation is being formed. 

The fact that you can inherit the home church is an amazing fact. Through historical indemnity, personal Cain, family Cain, tribal Cain, national Cain, global Cain, and even the hellish realm in the spirit world have all been integrated, and the seal of victory has been stamped and handed over to you. The path that could not be traveled even after billions of years of effort has been made possible because the teacher understood the principle, and through all that he has paved over his 60 years of life, he is passing it on to you as a foundation of victory centered on the heart of heaven. 

What he is passing on is to eliminate the Cain realm. Under the foundation that can become the crossroads of persecution and death, the Unification Church will enter a new era where no one can kill it or oppose it. Your home church is the victorious Cain realm. Do you understand? The form that has created the victorious Cain realm that you can uphold is what? "Home church." You must understand this. 

Therefore, when you receive the home church, it is not about your own possessions or your own mother and father. You must understand the amazing fact that all the rights of resurrection from the kingship of heaven are all tied to it. Would you not do this when such blessings are offered? They would cut off your neck… These children, they are asking you to give everything. This time, they have received tremendous benefits without even knowing it, but if they deny this, they will be ruined. There will be nothing left. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Originally, I cannot even help you with living expenses. I have established the conditions of indemnity…
If you don't set the conditions, I can't help you. I've told you to work hard until now, but I've never helped you. Everything I've done until now has been for the country. If I helped the established churches, I did, and if I helped the Republic of Korea, I did, but I cannot help the Unification Church. Isn't Abel there? Is helping Abel the restoration history? That's why I've been telling you to 'work hard, work hard!' But all of you are trying to avoid hardship and running off to companies; you've all strayed, strayed! That's what the teacher says. Why don't I help you? Would the principle be fulfilled if I help you, or would it be fulfilled if I don't help you? I have to help you? "No." 

If the home church foundation expands, heaven can work. The Republic of Korea is Cain in relation to the Unification Church. Also, the established churches are Cain in relation to the Unification Church. What path should the established churches take? The established churches and the Unification Church must become one. They must unite and weave the Republic of Korea from the Abel position. Centered on these two issues, over the past 21 years, amidst the storms of the world, the storms of the satanic world, the opposition from established churches, the opposition from nation to nation, the opposition from the Republic of Korea, the opposition from Christianity, I've fought through all the opposition. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." 

The teacher has come this far. The money spent in the interdenominational movement has not been given to the headquarters. Every time I come, I hear complaints. Chairman Kim, what have you been doing all this time? Even so, I haven't helped the Victory Alliance or the interdenominational movement. How much injustice have I suffered in the interdenominational movement? Without me, there is no interdenominational movement or victory activities. 

Victory activities have been held down to the ri (里) level. All the spirits that have gone to the spiritual world from every king who lived on this land are called patriots by the teacher. Also, all the people from the ri leaders of the Republic of Korea who planted the flag of the Republic of Korea and held victory rallies say, "Teacher Moon is a patriot of our country." They say, "If that person goes the way, the Republic of Korea will prosper." They do not say it will perish. 

Also, the pastors of Christianity say, "Love your enemies centered on the love of Jesus Christ," and if the Unification Church's Teacher Moon is an enemy, then you should love him. I have given a world tour to those established church members who persecuted me from the position of an enemy. You didn't get to go on a world tour, but I let the established church pastors go, and you felt bad, right? "No." "You let the pastors go, and then what about the elders? What's that? Why is the teacher like this? We are made to suffer to death..." Right? You guys, that path is the path of the principle. You guys! Did I do something wrong? When viewed in light of the principle, did I do something wrong? "No." You guys are like that. You have to suffer! You all must suffer to follow the teacher. 

It is said that those who remain until the end will be saved, right? If the teacher says to die, you must pretend to die, and then... What kind of company is this? You guys! The company must take all the established church pastors and pay them salaries while you suffer. Do you understand? That is the path that the blessed families of the Unification Church, which heaven desires, must take. That is tradition. 

You guys, have you strayed until now or not? Honestly, tell me. Have you strayed or not? Ah, why aren't you answering? You guys! Huh? Have you strayed or not? "Yes." Yes, you admit it. Why don't you answer something obvious? You guys, all those who are like that should be expelled, and it's my responsibility... These poor, pitiful creatures, these wretched little things! They complain about the blessings I have given them. "Since I have blessed you with my hands, I will suffer and pave the way and will notify you at the right time. On the day I do not, there will be no soup. Conversely, I will strike you." That's how it is. 

So I created the home church and set up the worldwide indemnity conditions, and when I came back this time, I found all sorts of wretched little things here. They have fallen. I forgive them all... That is the Cain faction of the Unification Church. It has become the Cain faction of the blessed families. So you all must digest it. Even if you dislike it, you must digest it. 

Thus, I have created an environment that aligns with the principle... I have taken all these measures upon returning this time. I want to bestow upon you the historical victory and resurrection rights on the foundation that the teacher has paved. But why is there discontent? Speak up. You must understand that. You must know that all the conditions of victory that encompass everything in the Cain lineage have been indemnified and handed over to you as the home church. 

Our Unification Church home church movement is also taking place in the Soviet Union, transcending borders. Do you understand? The home church movement is also taking place in communist satellite countries. If the home church foundation expands, heaven can work and history can unfold. So do not leave this place. Once the foundation is laid, there is no room for retreat. It is forward. When you move centered on this ideology, you will advance. 

That is why the satanic world is gradually being occupied from here. Therefore, centered on the home church... 360 houses represent 360 nations, and the number 36 refers to ten families of 36. There is also the term 36 families, right? It is about liberating everything and finishing everything. Moreover, 36 is three times the number 12. Thus, it refers to three eras. 

The home church has reduced the global framework that can return to heaven. 

If we look at the human condition today, there are people who married as they pleased in the Adam family, and then there are the middle factions, who caused all sorts of problems centered on love and could not marry, and there are single men and women, thus forming three stages. What was done as they pleased is the Adam-type, and the next is similar to those who could not marry and were engaged but broke off the engagement, which is the Jesus-era type, while the second coming era type is the single men and women. You guys have all been entangled in this nonsense until now. Originally, only the single men and women should be chosen by the teacher and blessed. To save the world, we must bind the 36 families... Isn't that right? The 36 families are the families of Adam, Noah, and Jacob. 

Do you know what that all means? Because Cain and Abel could not become one in the family of Adam and Eve, the 72 families were given based on the Cain and Abel form centered on the number 72, which is based on 12. It is all about becoming one. But until now, you have only fought. The 36 families are the 36 families, and the 72 families criticize each other... That cannot be. 

What about the 120 families? They are the global representatives centered on the 120 disciples of Jesus. Do you understand? What are the 36 families? They are the patriarchs. The 72 families are the sons and daughters of the patriarchs. The twelve tribes are the patriarchs, and the 72 disciples are the representatives of the nations. When it comes to the time of Jesus, it has reached the national standard, so the 120 disciples were established as national representatives. In the Unification Church, there are 124 families, including those who have served time in prison, representing the four cardinal directions. Hell must be abolished. 

Next, what about the 430 families? They represent all the various types in Korea, all the wretched little things. The 430 families were established as representatives, centered on 4300 years. That corresponds to the Israelite nation that started toward the Canaan welfare after 430 years. It is to set the direction for the great migration of the nation and to grant the privilege for all tribes to participate in the heavenly realm. Those pioneers are you. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Centered on the 430 families, since that foundation was established in Korea, it is connected with the global blessing of the 43 families and the 777 families. Conditions were matched... The 777, three sevens, families were blessed, and based on the family-level indemnity conditions, it transitioned into the 1970s. Because of that, in 1970, the teacher expanded into the world. I set the national three-year course in 1970 and started it. 

That is all to pave the way for indemnity. Thus, I stirred everything up and fought against Satan. I fought with the president in America. Nixon, Carter, and then who? "Ford." Ford! And Reagan! It was restored in four generations. 

What is the home church? It is where historical Cains have gathered everything together, transcending the individual, family, tribe, nation, and the entire world of Cain rights, and have passed it on to you from a position that has transcended the persecution rights. Why? Because now everyone sees the Unification Church favorably. Do you understand? The day you work hard, it will be the time when everything will naturally come back to you. The gentle sheep can find their home. Do you understand? When the horn is blown, they will naturally come home. 

Instead, they must be shown the taste of the right food. Do you understand? "Ah, this is delicious. The food these people give is real! More than what my mother gives, more than what my father gives, more than what my older brother gives, more than what my wife and children give, what these people give is the real food of love." If that happens, even if you tell them not to come in, they will walk in on their own. When they come in, they will stack all their possessions in front of me and say, "Please take it!" and return. That is how restoration will happen, right? 

You place the goods in front, and then you place Cain in front... This is exactly like Jacob returning. He placed his servants in front, right? That is to subdue Cain, but it is also to return to God. To receive the joy of God and the parents, he placed everything in front and stood behind while returning. When returning, he drives away all his possessions, his sons and daughters, and offers them before heaven. "Since you have demanded all things, please receive the material. Since you have demanded people, since you have demanded Cain on the side of Satan, please receive him. If you accept this, then receive me, Abel." You must know that I will automatically accept you. When you enter and stand, who stands? You turn around and stand in front. That is how the restoration path works. Do you understand? "Yes." 

When the teacher declared in the 1960s that something would happen in 21 years, it sounded like a dream, but I have practiced all that until now. With this victory right established, I have made the Cain rights, which could oppose forever, into a right that can support you in all environments, allowing you to enter heaven without opposition and to naturally exchange the contents of indemnity to return to heaven. What has been reduced is the global framework of the home church. 

Therefore, what must you do now? Even if the teacher scolds you saying, "You little brats!" you must still like it. You cannot complain even if the teacher steps in while you are sleeping with your wives. Can Park Pan-nam complain? Even if he kicks his wife while loving her and shaking his butt, he cannot complain. Is that right? "Yes." That is how it is. If I say, "Bring your wife forward," you must bring her forward; you cannot say, "She is my wife." The teacher has given you everything, right? "Yes." Also, your wife cannot say, "My husband!" She has received him, right? I have given it to you. Your children are not yours; they are the teacher's sons and daughters... 

That is why I blessed Yejin to pave the way laterally. What kind of madness is that? Calling a school-going child, who is not even dreaming of getting married and is taking exams, and cutting them off to come here. Yet, she listened well. Our Yejin listened well. That is why I married her off. It was completely opposite to my family. I brought home a younger wife, and my daughter got a younger husband... She is seventeen. My mother was also seventeen. Thus, I established the conditions for indemnity. Because of this, the flat path has been paved. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Can you all do without an Abel family in your homes? Even if you receive blessings, you are in a Cain family. The teacher is in the parent family. Isn't that right? Can the parent family and you become Cain and Abel? It can be a vertical pyramid. In the position of your parents above you, the Cain and Abel rights are established, but it has not been established in a flat manner. In terms of flat standards, centered on the teacher's family, by connecting Seongjin and this, by connecting a man and a woman, everything that is in line with the principle of Cain and Abel families will unfold before you. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Because the established churches oppose, the Cain and Abel have also unfolded in the teacher's family. The trouble that Hyojin is causing is also because he must bear the cross of those indemnity conditions. That is why I have been silent. It is that terrifying. The indemnity restoration is terrifying. If you cannot do it, you must necessarily indemnify what the nation has not been able to bear. There is no forgiveness. You must digest and overcome it with love. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

In this tremendous era, it is time for all of you to shed everything. Now, you are no longer being persecuted. You must come to the point where you say, "Ah, those people are truly human. They are wonderful disciples of Teacher Moon. They are wonderful patriots and filial sons who inherit his ideology." You must be able to hear more than what the father says and more than what the loyal subjects of the country say. Everything about the nation is not about your parents. That tradition must be established. The tradition of filial piety must be established, the tradition of loyalty must be established, the tradition of saints must be established, and then the tradition of the heavenly son must be established. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

So they must be moved to inherit everything they have. Even if they dislike it, if they do so, everything will be inherited by their sons and daughters. They must educate the second generation, saying, "Hey, don't listen to anyone else; listen to that person," and they must educate until they die. In the second generation, we will... At that time, everything will automatically follow in a natural order. 

The home church determines all history as a victorious framework. 

Whenever I go to your homes, whether it is east, west, south, or north, and knock on your door at dawn saying, "Open the door, you little brat," even if I do not enter through the front door but through the side door, it is the same as being welcomed. You must make your home church like that. Do you understand what I mean? The 360 houses are like representing 360 nations. So now you can go and educate. If you have the ability to teach the principle and conduct a 21-day training, you can make it all happen. 

Even if you earn money and suffer with your children, you must try to feed them and help them. Even if your house is not doing well, you must try to feed them and help them if you have even a penny. When you enter your home and see your mother, your wife, and your children, you must make their tears flow.
The background of justice must be miserable. Do you understand what I mean? They should feel sympathy for each other... So, knowing your situation, there should be a movement where everyone fights to buy rice and stockpile food. Only then will it develop into a traditional home church movement. Otherwise, it absolutely cannot happen. You will all be chased away. If you cannot do this, after I help you for a year and you still cannot do it, you will all become beggars. The teacher has no time 24 hours a day. Day or night, I am busy with my path. My path is busy. If you want to curse, curse; if you want to speak, speak; if you want to bark like a dog, bark; my path is busy. Even if you curse, it is a visit. The established churches are my enemies, as you can see. They have traveled the world and engaged in all sorts of games, right? The pastors did the same, and the elders did the same...

Why is that? Historically speaking, the fight is already over. When the children see their father calling the Unification Church's Reverend Moon a heretic, the enemy who is called a heretic is leading a world tour ahead of their father, ahead of their denomination, ahead of their parents, and those children who do not understand this must realize that they are already returning to my side. Thus, the war between the Unification Church and the established churches is collapsing, and the historical traps that have shed blood are crumbling. That is what we are witnessing. That is what we are seeing. Therefore, the second generation will return to my side.

This is the case with the Republic of Korea. Even if all the leaders of the Republic of Korea oppose me, I believe that the second generation of the Republic of Korea will side with the Unification Church. If the Republic of Korea does not oppose, it will receive blessings, but even if the Republic of Korea opposes, centered around the second generation, we will undoubtedly win. Do you understand? I cannot concede even a step on such principles. Until now, I have fought with that attitude on the stage of principled battles, laying the foundation for victory. I always knew it would fail, but when I tried to overcome, a support stone appeared on the sea. Do you understand? It is certain.

By doing this, you are completely resolving all the grievances that Adam, Jesus, and the teacher failed to resolve, centered around home church. And at the same time, you can perform the reconciliation of Cain and Abel, the reconciliation of the three great parents, and at the same time fill the pit of resentment of Cain and Abel, and recover all that heaven has lost, returning with substance, body, and heart, creating a base from which you can say, 'Goodbye, world,' and part forever! You must understand that home church is the decisive victory that combines my 60 years of life, God's 6,000 years of history, and Christianity's 2,000 years of history. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

You! Have you worked at the Unification Church? "Yes." Raise your hands if you have worked there. You must go further than that. You all did evangelism in the past, right? You have done evangelism, right? "Yes." You must do more than that. This time, you must work harder than anything else. Even if you have to urinate, you must go there to do it. Even if you have to defecate, you must go there to do it. Even when you eat, you must eat there. You must understand that eating standing up with a rice ball is a blessing compared to lying down or sitting at home. You must understand that spending a night trembling there, praying, is a blessing. This is the movement that must be done. 

Home church must be done by everyone. The teacher has come out like this. Even if America opposes, I... They are asleep and do not know, but I have played such games. You must understand that I have a history of fighting on the path of Abel, who must overcome the sorrowful path of a thousand years while looking up to heaven. You must inherit this tradition. Do you understand? "Yes."

In this situation, what kind of employment is there? Can that be possible? Forget your names. You must forget your names. Forget the concept of 'I' completely. Abel cannot return unless he finds Cain. Why must he find Cain? To find the parents, to meet the mother. The mother gave birth to Cain and Abel, like twins. Therefore, to find the mother... They must unite with the mother, and Cain, Abel, and the mother must become one and return before the father. It is inevitable to meet the parents. If you cannot go through Cain, if you cannot become one with Cain, you cannot meet the parents. If you cannot meet the parents, you can never meet God. Do you understand? "Yes."

The same goes for you. Therefore, the home church is a form that represents the entire individual, family, tribe, nation, and world. I told you before, who is the elder brother? "Cain." It is Cain. The elder brother was originally supposed to inherit all the rights of this universe, but due to the fall, Cain was born, and Cain came to possess the rights of inheritance of this universe. Originally, the firstborn is supposed to rise. Is that not so? The one who has the rights of the firstborn rises, while the secondborn cannot rise.

But as a result of the fall, who became the secondborn? "Abel." Abel became the secondborn. Therefore, he cannot rise. He cannot rise. Because this authority is all twisted in the fallen world, it has taken this form. Do you understand what I am saying? "Yes." Therefore, you must come out centered on this entire Cain authority that has been reduced here and digest Cain. Cain says, 'It is mine. You, younger brother, must listen to me!' This is absolutism. 'You must listen to me.' The elder brother is supposed to be that way by principled authority. And the younger brother is supposed to listen to the elder brother. There is no way not to listen. Even if he is beaten and punished, he cannot hit the elder brother. Yet, he must save the elder brother. If he becomes an enemy of the elder brother, he will lose the parents. He will lose heaven. He will lose the entire universe. Therefore, I must stand on heaven's side and naturally digest with love.

So when the elder brother sleeps, he must not sleep; when he eats, he must fast; when he plays, he must work; he must do everything in reverse. And only after the younger brother's bones have melted and he has received the conscience that can be ashamed of a thousand years of history will the elder brother begin to bow his head, saying, 'I was wrong.' 'Now I understand, the parents you want to meet are my parents too, and I want to meet my parents. I must return to meet my mother and father. When I return, I have no face, so please represent me.' Cain cannot pray. He must pray through Abel.

When coming out, Cain was ahead, but when returning, Abel must be ahead. Who becomes the elder brother? In the elder brother's position? "Abel." Abel stands. Thus, when he returns here and stands in a position to serve heaven, he will be restored and ascend when he stands in a position to represent the principled and absolute love of God.

Pastor Lee, do you understand? Pastor Lee said that the path of indemnity is no longer necessary? It is necessary; the scope is just narrow. This formula is an eternal formula. Without going through this, you cannot enter heaven. Pastor Lee is the same. Everyone must do home church. The material aspect is the same. So everyone is doing this materially until now.

As soon as Unification Church members come in, they are made to undergo a 40-day training and then expelled. 'Establish the material indemnity conditions that can create you.' Therefore, you must sell all the precious gifts, the conditions of love that parents cannot forget in their lifetime, that represent blood and sweat, and add to it. You must add Abel's money, my money that is the price of blood, on top of the money returned from Cain's authority, even if it means selling the most precious souvenirs. This is how we go.

Today, we are in the midst of the glorious new morning. We are doing that game now. Today, the Unification Church members in Korea are thieves. They are like the worst thieves among thieves. Will I feed my children with that? Even if my children cry, I must offer everything to heaven so that they can become God's possession again. This material is the possession of Satan; it is not God's possession. Only after making it God's possession can the son inherit it, and then it becomes my possession. Only then can the material basis that allows for self-recreation be established.

The teacher is the same. Until now, I have gathered and created all the money with my own strength, but I do not even know where my seal is. I did not teach to put hundreds of billions of property in my name. That is why I have not bought a house until now. I centered around the church even in Cheongpadong. I did that until I left, right? I made places for universities, training centers, and everything... The teacher had nothing, no house or anything. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

What is mine is not mine. When I return what is mine to God, what I receive will be representative of the world. When I return my limited money and receive it again, I will receive it as the world's. I thought of this amazing fact and devoted all my sincerity. You, look at the Unification Industry. Do you know how many times I have crossed over Mangwuri Hill while creating the Unification Industry? There were countless times I went up and down twice or even three times a day. Why? Because I am putting in my sincerity. Sincerity is needed. Do you understand?

Does Pastor Lee have to do that or not? Established church pastors do not come to see Pastor Lee. I heard that in seminary, they taught with confidence that 'now the Cains must come to me. Why should Abel go to them?' That is wrong. It is wrong! Did you teach that? Pastor Lee! "I don't know well." You don't know well? I am hearing reports. Even now, Pastor Lee must go to them, just like before. Do you understand? You must go to the pastors and digest them so that they will follow me like an elder brother. That is the way of restoration. 'Indemnity and restoration have all been done by the teacher, so we do not need it' should not be taught. God has done 6,000 years of indemnity and restoration. Does that mean that human indemnity is unnecessary? Does that mean Reverend Moon is unnecessary? This path is one that fallen humanity must take, it is just smaller. Do you understand? This is the condition of indemnity.

To complete human responsibility, since the world of Satan has occupied it, I must go and find and fill the 97% that corresponds to it. If I cannot do that, I must understand that it is better to become a beggar or die leaving a grave of death there. Otherwise, I cannot go to the spirit world. Try living with your wife and building a house. You cannot go to that world. There is no relation to the teacher. Just because you know the teacher does not mean you can follow him. You cannot follow him. You can only follow by stepping on all the principles. Do you understand?

Therefore, I must forcibly beat and drive these children. This is love, and it is the gospel of gospels and the good news of good news before you. You all seem to want to live well and think it is good, but why would you cut that off and make this happen? It is not miserable. You must understand that this misery is the fact of a new start welcoming the glorious new morning. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

You must establish conditions to unite the Cain and Abel tribes. When asked whether the time spent studying at school is better or the time for a school trip is better, people say they prefer the school trip and want to go, but the school trip is difficult. You must understand that if you cannot digest the environment that arises when you go to a foreign place, you will become a dropout and a failure.

That is why when the teacher went to America, neither the association president nor anyone else knew. I went alone. I said I would turn the entire America upside down in three and a half years... And I have done everything I needed to do before heaven. You must do the same. Do you understand? You must turn home church upside down. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Even if you face opposition, you must firmly establish the traditions of the paths of Cain and Abel, and plant the seeds of love between men and women so that even if you die, the clothes you wore will be laid there, and in the future, they will be remembered on the monument. You must go with tears. If your footprints remain, those footprints can leave a memorial foundation that can be remembered on the monument, and God must show that he walked with the footprints of the substitute. You cannot just sleep when others sleep. You cannot rest when others rest and play when others play. Everything is the opposite. Do you understand? "Yes."

Then, if you are leading the way like this, what should your wife and children do? They must go with you. Your wife must go in her own way. She must bear the family responsibilities and the responsibilities toward the children... Why? Because the standard that can represent Abel's family in the future is tied there.

Therefore, I must return from the Cain position and be able to hand over the rights of inheritance of Abel. For that, I need sons and daughters. I need a wife. That son must be registered before heaven as Adam's son, and on the foundation where the Cain tribe and his tribe are united, the rights of inheritance will unfold. The rights of registration will unfold. Adam will finally achieve the tribal messiahship in that family... And thus, the two tribal rights will be combined, and the name will be recorded in the book of life. Do you understand what I mean?

Without that, it cannot be recorded at all. You absolutely cannot enter heaven. That is why the teacher has been doing this work. I have been working to restore the Republic of Korea. Even if there was opposition, the teacher did not cut off. Do you understand or not? "I understand."

So, you are to become the tribal messiah. To indemnify all that Jesus failed, you must evangelize 84 people. For three years, you must do everything to establish home church. That will not even take three years. If you understand the principle, I believe it will take less than six months.

So, knowing that... Even when looking at the heavenly mission, we must boldly go out and inherit the victorious realm of freedom to resolve the grievances of the three generations of parents and fill the historical pit of Cain and Abel. Now, we must instantly subdue the elder brother Cain from the position of Abel. It is destined to be subdued.

Now, we must establish that tradition. The path of the paper, the path of the adopted son, the path of the illegitimate child, the path of the son, the path of the wife, the path of the husband, the path of the family of heaven, the path of the tribe of heaven... We must establish conditions that can unite the Cain and Abel tribes so that we can restore the nation in the future. Only then will the stage of activity be confirmed from the position of Abel regarding the nation. That is how it will develop, right? "Yes." Therefore, it is getting harder and harder to go out. 

Now, do you understand why you must go out to evangelize? Until now, religion has failed. The saying that religion thrives when persecuted exists because of this principle. Without persecution, the rights of inheritance cannot be transmitted, and succession cannot happen, so it must be done through persecution. Only by being beaten can you come out.

Therefore, until now, the Unification Church has developed through persecution. Is that not so?
You are the same. The teacher faced a direct confrontation, but you, as the defeated soldiers, only need to organize from behind. Everything has already been prepared for a decisive victory. 
Can you not do it? Will you do it? "We will do it." I have the ability to take care of all 600 of you well. We need to establish a tradition. Pastor Lee! "Yes." Lee Jae-seok! "Yes." Hit them! "Yes."
The teacher has even lived in prison to walk this path. Even while not drinking salt soup for years, he lived with tears of gratitude. He believed that through this salt soup, he could reach the heart of God's love. Do you understand what I mean? He found happiness in hunger. There has not been a day in my 30 years of life that I have not been hungry. Until my young 30s, I could not even buy clothes for myself. I went to a junkyard to pick up clothes. Abel had to dress Cain well, so he dressed them, and I... It was the same with the Unification Church. I made the Unification Church members comfortable from an Abel-like position, while I always suffered.
History is always like that. The time has come for you to now regard the teacher as your elder brother, to listen to the teacher, and to do more than what the teacher has done. Do you understand? There is no objection. There is no objection from the principle either. Who is that teacher? He is the Father. That Father has become your servant, treated like an adopted child or a secondary child, silently laying the foundation to achieve your happiness until now.
It turns out that he is your elder brother and father from the heavenly side. You must understand the burden he carries. Even if your bones melt away and you cry out in tears throughout your life, you must realize that you stand in a place where there is no way to fill this void.
When you say you will die seeing the home church, if I die from being beaten... In the past, Stephen was stoned to death, leaving behind a grave of his death, but if you die here from being beaten, there will be an undesirable future, and within a few years, a gravestone will be erected there. Do you understand what I mean? And your sons and daughters will immediately be treated like princes there. Before you die, your sons and daughters will all see it. That will happen.
So, was it good to live clinging to your wives? What about the home church? Was it good to receive a salary and live in a rented room until now? Is that good? That is worse than a stable. That connects all the way to hell... Do you understand or not? "I understand!"
What is the home church? What is the three generations? It is a historical altar that can resolve the resentment of parents, and what else? It is the way to resolve the resentment of Abel and Cain, who came out of the pit of death. And it resolves the resentment of God, all the resentment of religion, and all the historical resentment of humanity, and it is a heart-guiding missile that can fly to the heavenly kingdom.
These days, there are satellites going to the moon, right? You must go to the moon. I am the moon! (Laughter) So you must follow me up. When the moon becomes a base, it becomes the sun. Then you must go to the sun. The sun represents God. You must go through great suffering to meet your mother, and by uniting with that mother, you must meet your father to be in accordance with the principle, do you understand? Why must we do the home church? Who must we meet? "Mother."
To meet the mother, we must fill the pit where Satan can dwell with our own hands, and we cannot become one with the elder brother, right? "Yes." The elder brother has become a trapper. The one who should have been the younger brother has become the elder brother. Because of the fall, he became a trapper. This is the great transformation of heaven and earth. The elder brother must become the younger brother, and this is the story that has unfolded. We must walk that path. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."
What is the home church? It is to resolve the resentment of the three generations of parents. What is Cain and Abel? It is the pit of the satanic world, which is hell and the world of death. We must fill the pit where Satan can dwell with our own hands in this era. Many religions have failed to overcome this. Many practitioners did not know this. Because they did not understand this simple thing, Christianity, Judaism, and many religions have all failed, and the Unification Church would have failed as well if it had continued like that. But the fact that we have the content to turn 180 degrees around centered on these principles overnight! You are happy people. It is not miserable. What do you say? "We are happy people." You are happy people.
When the wind blows, if a cold wind blows, think of the teacher, think of all the sacrifices that the saints of past religions have made with blood and sweat until now, and say, "There is only victory in the courageous footsteps of those who set up the shield of victory here today and wish to return to heaven," and march forward confidently and boldly. Amen! "Amen." Is it amen or no amen? "Amen."
Do you remember the salary envelope? Should I deduct 10,000 won every month, or should I add 10,000 won every month? You are not answering but just opening your mouths... I want to deduct it. I want to start deducting from next month. That is love. Why? Because the amount of forgiveness increases. The height increases, the length increases, and the width expands.
Do you know why the teacher has not helped until now, even though he can help now? It is because the teacher has done this work. Do you understand? Now I can give you blessings and also curses. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." God can give blessings and also curses. Until now, God could not give blessings freely; He could give curses, but now it is coming in. The teacher of the Unification Church could not give you blessings freely. That is why you have suffered. Now, He can give both curses and blessings. What can God do now? He can give blessings? "He can also give curses." Until now, God has been a God who gives curses, not a God who gives blessings.
That is why from now on, there will be many material blessings given to the Unification Church. When I was in prison, my bones would rattle when I moved. You know about cod liver oil, right? If you pour cod liver oil over stinky beans and eat that day’s beans, it is incredibly delicious. The smell of cod liver oil is also amazing. Because there is so much oil, it seems like it would cause diarrhea, but what diarrhea? You need to have leftovers and be at ease to have diarrhea. Even if you put that oil bucket in, it absorbs everything. What diarrhea? If you clench your hand tightly, it does not cramp. When the hand saw touches the teeth, it tastes cold.
And I came to find this place. The Unification Church must lay the foundation for such a place and return. If we do not create a foundation for the home church on a global stage in the first generation, I cannot fulfill my responsibility for coming to this land. I am not a failure because I have not died and have laid this path. I can plant the flag of the heavenly kingdom beyond national borders. There is currently no owner of that land, just like when Armstrong planted the American flag on the moon. If I plant the flag of the Soviet Union in the Soviet Union or the flag of the United States in the United States, it becomes the ownership of heaven, and centered on that base, God can work horizontally, and the spirit world can work. It is an amazing thing. I have already paved that path. Now I have no borders. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."
I never have time to meet and talk with you. You must understand this clearly. Even now, if the teacher's leg hurts, I say, "This leg is bothering me; I have a busy path to walk." While my mother lies down saying she is tired, I am also tired. I know that young people of the Unification Church around the world are dying in various hardships while I am tired. When it rains, the person in charge must pray. Eating alone feels like being a sinner, living like someone in debt. We must inherit this tradition. Do you understand? "Yes."
The cries of all the descendants of the home church, who are praying and lamenting to elevate you as princes of heaven, must be heard after you have gone to that land for it to be good. 
The traditional law is established by Abel.
You must clearly understand this. What about the three ancestors? "…(not clearly heard)" They are sinners who have invaded the body, who sold their parents. This resentment cannot be resolved alone. It must be resolved by becoming one with Cain. Therefore, we must establish that nation and that righteousness. Do not think about what you will eat or what you will wear; establish that nation and that righteousness! All these things are what the Gentiles desire! When you understand the heart that loves your enemies, that heart becomes certain. Ah...
Who is the Roman soldier? He becomes the worldwide elder brother before Jesus. Do you understand? The Israelite nation is the younger brother. This is how it is seen. Those who oppose the teacher in America are also elder brothers. I am praying from that position even regarding the prosecutor. I do not wish for that person to die. I have done all I can do. I have fulfilled my responsibility, and even though all the paths of heaven are filled, if I hit back, your clan and America will be caught up in it. That is how I see it. The path of Abel is like that. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."
You must inherit well and go to find Abel. Abel must not fail to find Cain. And then, he brings the mother before the father. The mother must be educated. The mother herself cannot be restored. Is that right? It is said that Abel restores the parents, according to the principle? Adam and Eve themselves cannot be restored. It is not Cain who does it. It must be Abel. Who establishes the traditional law? It is Abel who establishes it.
What is that Abel? With a love that surpasses the love for the elder brother, the two must unite to find the parents. "You and I become one as brothers, and with the love I have for you and the love you have for me, we must find the way to love the parents," and this must be clarified. Centered on the mother, Cain and Abel must become one, and as one body, with the love we had for each other, we must love the parents, and through that, follow Adam to God. That is the principle of restoration. It is simple.
Then, where will you resolve this? There is no place other than the home church. If you oppose me and hit me, you must say, "Please let me be forgiven for my sins through this persecution." And when you see those who persecute you, you must regard them as grateful people like God. I am a person who has committed sins that cannot be resolved in heaven and earth; I came here to resolve this, so I must overcome any humiliation or persecution and walk this path. The path to be taken is the home church. Do you understand?
You must plant the tradition that can seek heaven as Cain among the Cains. As the years go by, you will gradually color that environment. Do you understand clearly? "Yes." If you do not understand, raise your hand. Up to 430 families, you are the clan leaders. If you are Kim, you are the clan leader of the Kim clan. That is why I mobilized up to 430 families this time. The 777 families are going to the global stage. There are 666 people here, right? "Yes." I said "Amen." That is exactly the completion of the number of Satan. Therefore, every single person must go.
One issue is the families that have made mistakes here. They are families that have made mistakes. It is okay if there is a husband and wife in a family that has made mistakes, but those who went out and got married cannot enter this family club after dying. They must undergo a second restoration. The other day, I allowed three years and six months, but that case is different. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." There will be such people. Those who went out and got married—there are people among the 36 families whose wives do not understand the intention—but they cannot enter the position of blessed families.
However, even if they have fallen, when there is both a husband and wife, they still know their mother and father. They know their parents. Is that not so? They know their parents. That is why both feel guilty. It is possible to resolve this case until now, but those who go out and live with another wife or another husband cannot enter the position of family authority. You must understand that. Why? Because one side does not know the mother and father. Do you understand? "Yes."
So, just like the families of the world, they must receive blessings again and enter like established families. That must be made certain. "Yes." Do you understand what I mean? There will not be many such families.
Now is the time of establishment.
Whether you like it or not, if you hold on and look and live alone, you will receive all the benefits at this time, but those who have thrown it away at their own will, divorced, and married are in trouble. Do you understand? "Yes." Why is that? "Because they do not know their parents." They do not know their parents and do not feel sorry about their parents. A person who has sinned feels sorry. What does that woman know? She knows nothing. That is why she cannot participate. To participate, the woman must pull them in. When will they lay that emotional foundation?
Knowing this, we must fill those places in the future. This time, we will do this and organize everything within three years. We will organize families, and we will reorganize everything and bless them again. Do you understand what I mean? The 36 families and 72 families have all been wounded. It is like the mistake made when going to make the tablets on the path of Canaan restoration. However, since Moses did not die, and I did not break the tablets, I have the authority to resolve it based on that principle.
From now on, you must put in all your sincerity. No matter how the past was, if you put in all your sincerity, I believe everything will be resolved within one year, twelve months. You must form a three-member team. If you do not have the ability, unite with the three-member team, the three brothers. There will be disabled members and those without ability in there, but the three brothers must stand in the same fate and become one. Can you exclude the disabled from the bloodline? We must go with that common fate.
And we must also create a horizontal three-member team among ourselves, but we must create a three-member team centered on the church. We must create a three-member team centered on the church, and if he is incapable, we must gather capable people within that church into a three-member team and push forward somehow. We must make that certain. Did you understand it clearly? "Yes."
We must be forgiven for invading the parents of the three generations. To do that, Cain and Abel must become one. Whether it is your sons and daughters or you, to fully forgive the position of the parents, there is no way but to abandon the wife and abandon the children. This is the only condition of having loved more.
Are there no questions? "I would appreciate it if you could gather the women and speak to them." The women can be educated by you. Educate them, wives. Anything else? "The elder brothers… I do not come to church because of the brothers; I come to church because of the Father, but the brothers treat me like a dog…" You should come to the elder brothers rather than the Father and Mother. You must become one with the elder brothers. You have not heard the teacher's story until now. It has nothing to do with me. You must become one with your brothers to come to the teacher. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes, I understand." Do you come to the teacher? You all must become one with Cain and Abel.
What I talked about in America this time, and what I notified when leaving America was, "Do you love the teacher?" and everyone said they love him. There is not a single person who dislikes the teacher. Everyone likes him. Therefore, I told them to love their brothers as they love the teacher. That is the content of this notification. 

In the past, during the Canaan Return course, we had to follow the teacher. We had to follow the teacher. However, the current time is not the Canaan Return era but the era of settling in the land of Canaan, so now we must become one with our brothers. We have entered the era of living together. Just as we love the teacher, we must also love our brothers and parents. We must live by horizontally connecting the bonds of love within our own clan. Only then will the path to heaven be opened.

For this reason, the teacher said that in the future, we should prioritize our brothers over ourselves, over the members of the Unification Church, over our brothers' families, and even over God. This is the path that the Israel that is settling down must take. In that foundation, God will participate, and the teacher will participate, and it will remain as a foundation of glory. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

In the Canaan Return course, we must follow the teacher. When the geese cross the ocean, they absolutely obey the leader goose. There is no dissent. When it says, "Fly!" they fly. Even if it is hard, they must follow until death. We have been playing that game until now. Now that we have arrived at our destination and are nesting, we must care for and love one another to form a tribe that can take pride in itself. That is what we must do at this time. Until now, we have been heading towards Canaan's welfare, but now we have entered the era of settlement. Do you understand?

Those who complain are on the side of Satan.

Therefore, you must love your home church and, centered around the home church, establish a realm of love that loves the teacher. So, you too (to the person who asked a question) should love your brothers just as you love the teacher. Do you understand? "Yes." If you make a mistake, you should be criticized by your brothers! You are a mutt. What could be worse than a mutt? A dog turd! (Laughter) Even if treated like a dog turd, you should be grateful, and that will hasten your indemnity. So, you should say, "Please insult me." Even if your brothers hit you and put a dog turd crown on you, you should be able to say that you will indemnify that. What your brothers say is all wrong. "I understand."

What else? There’s nothing, right? (Laughter) You can't say anything about the teacher. Everyone knows that the teacher has suffered more than anyone else in the Unification Church, right? Since the day we started until now, I have been bearing sins and fighting legal battles. I fought legal battles in North Korea, in the Republic of Korea, and I am still fighting legal battles in America. Now I am even thinking about going to Moscow to fight legal battles. So, is there room to say anything about this?

Moon Won-yang! "Yes." You have appeared. How is it? Do you have confidence or not? "I have confidence." (Laughter)

Now that we have established a new association president... What has the president done until now? He has fought with Cain pastors and Cain elders while engaging in interdenominational activities. So, he is skilled in that regard. Now, who are the Cains? They are all of you in front of this pastor. But now, the time is not for Abel to restore but for the restored Abel, so it is the opposite. Therefore, I will give you the absolute authority of the teacher, so you should just be grateful even if the president kicks you. 

That doesn't mean the president is perfect, but since the teacher has established him as a representative, you should be grateful even if he kicks you and even if he insults you.

First, we must become one. Everyone must become one. Until now, the president has been insulted. "That President Yoo! Oh, the teacher of the Unification Church is good, but I don't want to see Yoo Hyun-won. I want to see Kim Hyun-won even less." The leaders have been insulted, but that must not happen anymore. Do you understand? When you feel like insulting, think, "It’s because I am lacking," and think, "This pastor is not lacking," and then you will be blessed.

The teacher will never side with those who insult. He will side with the president. Do you understand? It is set up that way. Because we have entered a time when punishment and anger can be given, if you touch the president wrongly, you will be punished. Do you understand? "Yes."

The president has authority. I will not sit here alone to supervise all of you. I have already entrusted it, so you must unite and think and follow as if you are the restored archangel. Isn't that right? We must establish that tradition. Do you understand? "Yes." You must not complain. A person who complains already has their own assertion, and that is on the side of Satan. I do not complain. Am I complaining? I say I do not complain.

If you evangelize just 84 people within six months, a tribal foundation will be established.

So, knowing that, I sincerely hope that you will fulfill the responsibilities entrusted to you! "Amen." How many months will it take? I can do it in six months. If I want to, I can circle the home church ten times a day. I think so. If the door doesn't open, I will go with an axe and break it down. If they ask, "Why are you doing this?" I will say, "Why? You guys!" and even if I have to fight, I can reconcile. "Even if you don't treat me like a person, I've come several times; how can you not open the door? I want to meet you and bring good news." This is the attitude we should have. 

To melt down the tough old men, I can whisper to their grandmothers. The grandmothers of tough old men have a lot of sympathy. You must know that. They definitely have a lot of sympathy. "That old man is no good," and they will tell all the secrets. So, I believe that by teaming up with the grandmothers, we can overcome those old men. We can work through the children or wives of those who absolutely oppose us.

If you think about it, there are countless methods. The wind does not blow only from the east, right? It can blow from the south, the north, and the west. The same goes for you. There are countless paths. You just can't see them because you don't try.

So, in about six months in Seoul... All those who have been evangelizing have gone to work to receive salaries... If it really comes to that, I will set up dynamite and issue an explosion order. I thought about it that way. If I think about the conditions for accusation in the spirit world... This time, I will make a personnel change and cut off their heads. Have you all written your resignation letters? "Yes." Did you write them or not? "I wrote them." Did you feel good or bad? "I felt good." Good, right? "Even if I have no house and nothing, I will receive the inheritance as Abel. When I receive the inheritance of heaven as Abel and lay the foundation on earth, you Cains, who were proud, will become my subordinates." This is how the teacher thinks.

I think the same about America. "I have the authority of heaven, and you all have the authority of America. Go ahead and try to kill me," while fighting so that the authority of heaven can be established. The teacher is doing this, and can’t you do it domestically? You should be able to do it.

You must work hard. We must finish it within six months. One year is too long. When we evangelize just 84 people, a tribal foundation will be established. Once we have 84 people, if we dig a hole and shout all at once, will it not collapse? Let’s do it that way! "Yes." Now, I must go.

What time do we conclude today? "We will conclude after breakfast." Then let's conclude after breakfast. "Breakfast is ready." Yes, remember this well. If you cannot establish a home church, you will never be able to follow the teacher. You will never be able to call the teacher in the spirit world. Do you understand what I mean? If you die, you will seek the teacher, right? Do you know who the master of the spirit world is? You must understand that if you do not follow the teacher's instructions, it will be miserable. The path is all open, but you cannot walk it. Those who follow the teacher's words can go...

I am the same. You must not say, "The teacher." I have been doing this every day to go before God. I have dedicated my life for 60 years as if it were just one day, right? You have been flapping around and imagining all sorts of things, but did the teacher imagine? Do you think I imagined? It was truly single-minded devotion.

Yesterday, I went to Unification Industries, stopped by Ilshin Stone, and went to bed at 3 AM, waking my mother at 4:10 to say we should leave at 5. Is there anyone in this world who goes to a meeting at 5? "No." Is there anyone in this world? "No." Not even an hour of sleep, and why would I live like a goblin without any substance?

But there is substance. What is the substance? Indemnity and restoration. (Laughter) When I did something that no one in the satanic world could do, the satanic world said, "I lost. I lost to Reverend Moon."

When I go to Germany, I will buy all the factories made in Germany. If I do well for about seven years, I can give each of you a Mercedes-Benz. I could probably give out about 666 cars. If we say 600 cars at $20,000 each, how much is that? $12 million. Just the other day, I handed over a check for $5 million, so what? Do you understand? "Yes." Buying you a Benz is not a problem. Buying you a house is not a problem. Do you think the teacher has that ability? "Yes." Just listen well, and if I feel good, I will loosen my belt and say, "Here, you eat and go away." (Laughter)

I am serious. I can release a billion right now. That is why I can freely hit you. Truly, those who listen well will be blessed, and those who do not will become mutts. (Laughter) Even if you become a mutt, I will not know. I will not meet you later. Those who follow the instructions given this time will meet in the future, and those who do not will not be able to meet. It will be hard to meet the teacher in the future. Do you understand? "Yes."

The teacher has already made arrangements with Pastor Lee Jae-seok in Korea so that no one can come in freely. Do you understand? If I tell Pastor Lee Jae-seok, "Don't let those noisy Unification Church people into my door!" do you think he will let them in? Even if you want to see the teacher, if I am living comfortably in a nice villa in the Swiss Alps, what... Even if you come, if such a person comes, I will send them away saying, "Hey, you! Have you done your responsibility?" Can you complain about that? Is there? "No." If there is, say it now. (Laughter) Is there? "No." Then, there isn't.

Since there isn't, we must experience being turned away. How many times have you turned away the teacher? Did you turn away the teacher or not? How many dozens of times? To forgive all of you, I must stand at the door and make my belly explode like a frog's belly, turning white and blue. This is normal. Is there a reason for this? "No." Yes, there probably isn't.

If I come back next time and you haven't done it, I will hit you. If I can't hit you, I will give a stick to Lee Jae-seok and tell him to hit you. Park Pan-nam also came. He is the district leader of Seoul, right?

Advance diligently for the purpose!

Do not obtain a shameful salvation. You all have shameful families, right? That will remain in history. I believe that to indemnify all, you must do several times more in this world.

So, advance diligently for the purpose. Amen! "Amen." Jae-seok, hit them with a stick and devote yourself to achieving the goal, Amen! "Amen!" Pastor Lee must also follow well. Pastor Lee must make the seminary students not just his own students but Unification Church seminary students. He must not create students who only listen to him. He must create students who listen to the president and all the members of the Unification Church. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." (The recording quality is not good, so some parts are not captured.)

Lee Jae-seok, speak directly. President Kim could not do that, but President Lee will do it. He has also done well in directly criticizing pastors of established churches, so if Pastor Lee Yong-hwan does not listen, do it that way. Do you understand? (He does not respond and hesitates.) What is that attitude? Is that a lack of confidence? "He is a senior in faith..." (Laughter) A senior is a senior. Is Pastor Lee a senior or am I a senior? "Father." If the Father is a senior, you should listen to the senior. A junior should yield to a senior. (Laughter)

Do you understand, Pastor Lee? "Yes." You must do this without saying a word. "I was trying to do well..." You were trying to do well, but there have been many times you did poorly. You must understand that. You must be careful with actions that will affect the whole. "There have been many plots against me." That is wrong. Who would plot? Thinking there are many plots is wrong. Is there no plot against the teacher? Just because the teacher is doing that? "They keep mocking..." Even if they mock... Cains are bound to mock. If that were not the case, would everyone have gone to heaven? Do not think that way. Mocking is also because of oneself. The other day, the teacher emphasized indemnity and restoration, but I received a report that because it is the age of the Canaan, there is no need for indemnity and restoration. If you accept that understanding, you will be blessed.

"Since there is nothing that cannot be said between a father and son, I will say one thing." (Laughter) What can a peddler say? Just sit down. Why are you standing? "Because you said it can be finished in six months, I am saying this. Our church cannot escape from being small. There must be many people here who want to say something, and I think I represent them. If we are to finish it all in this six months, we need a place." (Applause) "Not just one place, but we need to give a lot of money to the president..." (Laughter) You said you gave a lot of money to the president. "Then we will collect it back and give the money to you, so I sincerely hope you will show leniency this time."

I will measure the budget when I go there. "I have many difficulties coming out of business, but compared to the difficulties of the Father, it is nothing, so I just started." If you have started, you must carry it out. Only by doing that in difficult circumstances can you become a hero.

The teacher has done things that others cannot do in difficult circumstances, which is why Americans say, "Reverend Moon is a giant. He is Giant Reverend Moon." Do you understand? What kind of giant is someone who does what others do?

Look. A small Abel must fight to save a larger Cain. A tiger must run 400 li to eat for one evening. But a sparrow chick? What is 400 li? It doesn’t even go a few dozen meters to find food. It is different. You little brats! Even a baby snail carries its house around.
Can a lamb not build a house? Are you asking for a house to be built? "That's not what I'm asking." (laughter) Then what is it? "I just want you to get me an office." Instead of asking for an office, why not ask to buy one? Why not ask to build an office instead? That's something they have to build themselves. "In society, they say the Unification Church is wealthy, but in a small house..." (laughter) The Unification Church is wealthy, so they want to raise self-made sons and daughters. While the wealthy in the world create children who just play around, Reverend Moon of the Unification Church wants to create children who are self-made. (the recording cuts out for a moment) 

Little Abel must fight to save the bigger Cain. I have done everything. I have carried burdens and engaged in all sorts of activities. When a person is busy, they can also receive help well... That's right, the teacher. When it's time for lunch, the lady is eating lunch, and I go over and say, "Let me taste something delicious," and I take some. Then would I hit someone sitting there laughing and eating? If you do that just twice, you can have lunch. What do you mean by buying? "If the Father’s situation is like that, then I will have to do it." The situation wasn't like that from the beginning. If you want to pass over the indemnity, you can't avoid it. You have to return through indemnity without anything. To return through indemnity, you can't do it with ancestral money. You have to create it yourself. It's a re-creation, a re-creation! Is God saying to create everything and then carry out the providence of restoration?

Look. God promised the teacher, "Hey, if you live like this and that, in a few months you will be the highest." So I waited for that time, and then they put me in prison. (laughter) "The day will come when world kings or world sovereigns will welcome you and treat you like a great king," and that day was the day I went to prison. (laughter) Do you understand? That was the day they issued a receipt that could pass. When they issue it, I write the amount and name that corresponds to the receipt. Do you understand? It's not God who writes it.

You have to do the activities that correspond to that amount. Only then will heaven say okay. What do the ones who will carry out the re-creation through indemnity want to be built? I told you from the morning, from dawn... They have a poor understanding, a poor understanding. "Why am I not like that? Oh—" (laughter) It's embarrassing that such a son is in the Unification Church. "I will suffer, so please help me," is like saying, "God, you are omniscient and omnipotent, but why do you let Moon suffer like this and not help him?" Isn't that right?

I have never prayed for money until now. I don't pray, "God, give me money." I have to earn money. I earn it and then God helps me. Am I asking for help because I couldn't devote myself to making money? Such tricks don't work on me. Do you understand what that means? I earn it with my own hands. I work hard to earn it.

With this, rumors spread that I became a world-class wealthy person in ten years. I have been trying to make money since 1970. Centered around the 777 families, I touched upon the global economic restoration. I have laid this much foundation in ten years, so how much will it grow in the next ten years?

When I turn 70, you know... What does a 70-year-old need to eat or take with them? You all should try working hard for about ten years. If you did that, you would have done everything to carry it all on your backs. It’s like asking for an inheritance when the father’s death is still far away. "No, that's not it." That statement is the same. (laughter) The words are clear. Indemnity and restoration must be self-made. I said self-made, right? It's not the hand character (手) but the need character (需), right? When was that? Was it during the 777 family meeting? "Yes." Did you hear it then? "Yes." The self-made in the Unification Church is not the hand character but the need character.

Here, Jaeseok also came to me and told me to stop asking for money. Now, in Korea, in terms of global restoration, it is the principle and the principle that we must help the world even at the cost of the nation. "I will be doing economic activities on the global stage, and I need to buy a factory in Germany, so I need to pay," then I must pay. Was that wrong? Was it right? "That's right." Isn't that the principle? Abel, the small one, sacrifices for the greater Cain, fighting to save the larger Cain. This is how the principle teaches. Now I cannot help you, the leaders. I am not helping.

I heard yesterday that there are many shameless people like that. "In order to complete the three-stage expectation, I will need $2,000 in the future," and that's just the level. Hearing that made me feel bad until last night. I felt so bad that I couldn't sleep. I stayed up until 3 o'clock. 

I don't say, "The Unification Church is dying. God, help!" I don't go to the American courtroom and say, "Oh, Reverend Moon, let me win!" I fight with my own ability. The ones to be pitied are the judges and the prosecutors. In America, this is happening, but you all are different. "I am a small person, so I thought wrong." (laughter) "I will think again and speak." (laughter)

"It's not that I don't have anything to eat or that I'm poor. I said to finish it in six months." Saying to finish in six months means to do it with your own hands, not to give money and finish it. 

Our Unification industry also started with bare hands. Chairman Moon said, "Thirty years ago, when you first started, when you spoke about Japan, America, and Germany, I didn't understand anything, but now, after thirty years, I understand." That's how it is. I am talking about the entire providential restoration, but you all are centered on yourselves... Don't do that; we must implement it centered on Korea. 

You must have the halo of sympathy behind you. Helping you with several million dollars, $5 million, is not as good as building a factory in South America with that money for the world. You must help the world with your sweat and blood. That is what nations and peoples must do in the age of global providence. However, if you use the money that should be spent to help the world to help you, that is a problem. It’s better to give medicine than to use public funds or to take poison.

You must report that you helped the Korean people. Do you understand what that means? You should tell the Japanese members and the American members that you helped and say, "I knew it was bad, but there was no other way." I am carrying the burden. I have taught you like this, but I am forgiving the fact that you have already gone the opposite way. Because I feel pity, because you are sick, because you are like beggars... You must speak with the condition that it is harder than for you. Is that good?

Is it Cheolgi? "Yes." What Cheolgi is it? "Kim Cheolgi." Is it the iron character that can destroy, the iron character? "It's the iron character." (laughter) Work hard. Now what you must do is dedicate all your family's wealth. The teacher has done that. You must gather all the money from your mother, father, uncles, cousins, and distant relatives and engage in the act of deceiving your family.

Do you know why the teacher has not helped until now? I spent several hundred million on interdenominational activities. I provided $1.2 billion for missionary expenses... If I had used all that money to help the Unification Church... Do you know why? The Unification Church should not help you. The money taken from the Korean Association is debt. It is all being used to build the headquarters. So, it must be repaid with interest. "What interest is there when the son is using it?" (laughter)

Look. That money is not the son's money; it is public funds. It is national money. Do you understand? At that time, if that son says, "I can consider it my money, so I don't have to pay interest," then that son is a thief. He becomes a traitor. Is that money my money? That money is public funds. If you embezzle public funds in the world, you will be caught immediately. The teacher has reported all the money spent until now. Do you understand? If you make a law, you must follow the law. Can the teacher break the law that he has established?

Even if I place the accounting manager under my direct supervision, the teacher cannot do as he pleases. It is the same with the mother. The mother has been in charge of the economic rights since three years ago. She is in charge of the family's money. I tell her to keep records and report. So, the mother reports what she bought and why. That way, it will be safe. Otherwise, it will keep being said, "What about the mother?" The other day, what did I say? "Since the members are having a hard time, sell all the residences!" It is time for that, in fact. This is how we draw boundaries even within the family.

I live like this. Do you think I live however I want? Even if a father has money, if that money is national money, the child cannot use it freely. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." Now, raise your hand if you want help. Raise your hand if you say, "Still, help me." Let's see the representatives raise their hands. Try raising them. You don't want to? "Yes." You know, don't you?

A filial child does not talk about money even if they need it in front of their parents. They try to hide it, whether the parents know or not. Even though the teacher is now in a position where he needs money as a global figure, he does not say, "God, give me money." When someone comes and talks about money, I scold them. Those who are scolded must feel really hurt. When I scold, I do it sincerely. This is not how it should be. When God sees me scolding, will He say, "You are right," or not?

Even when the teacher steps onto the platform, he always wears something slightly lacking as a life philosophy. If it doesn't work out, I wear something with holes, whether it's pants or something else. Do you understand what that means? Even if I wear pajamas, I wear worn-out ones. That way, I feel at ease. I live like this. I don't want to ask for money just because I don't have it. Working all night, putting in effort, and doing more is when heaven blesses me. Always, the halo of sympathy must follow behind you. Do you understand? "Yes." Not the halo of resentment... There can be no halo of resentment. If the shadow of resentment follows, it leads to destruction.

The same goes for people. Do you understand? Cheolgi? "Yes." Do you have any questions? "No." Well then, let's stop here. (applause) 

**Historical Turning Point**

[Prayer] 
Today is November 8, 1981, and this is the morning of the second Sabbath of this month. Please be with us with your mercy, love, and compassion. Please remember this place and look after the hearts of the children who are present here. As we look at ourselves in your holy presence, reflecting on the hard work and historical circumstances of the Father who has pushed forward the long providential history, and recalling the mistakes of our human ancestors, may I discover that today I am not a shameful self as a relative entity that must indemnify and restore this tremendous fact, and may I reflect on whether I have become a holy figure equipped with the qualifications of a child who can shine the authority of heaven and the glory of heaven. I must be able to deepen my new relationship with you and delve deeply into your heart of love, gaining the insight to understand your inner being. I hope that all my actions and movements may be accepted with deep joy in your heart.

Now that I have returned to Korea again, tomorrow we will hold the 10th Scientists' Conference, and scholars from around the world are gathering around this. On days when this conference is held under the watchful eyes of the whole world, may it be a day of blessing that you can praise, a glorious and proud day that raises the new values that humanity must pursue in the future, and may it be a historic day that can evoke admiration and remembrance, allowing it to remain as a day of memory that is not shameful before this nation!

There are groups of Unification Church members praying for this time spread all over the world. I know that there are your children in Korea who are especially earnest. People of different races, skin colors, and circumstances are gathering in one place, submitting to your will and moving forward, and in that place where they are gathering their hearts and sincerity, I know that you are staying like a lighthouse in a dark world that you can remember for the first time in history, so I earnestly hope that you will bless them to be able to praise the bond of life in your glory.

Please have mercy on the groups gathered here again at this time. Their circumstances and positions are different. Their lives are different, but by digging into the Father's heart, may they become a group that can appear proud and beloved in front of the Father. I ask that the time you have allowed may be protected in glory, and I pray in the name of the True Parents. Amen.

[Message] 
I have lost my voice. Due to sudden changes in the environment, my physical condition is not very good. The title of the message I will give you today is "Historical Turning Point." I will speak briefly on this topic. 

Now is the time when a new providential morning is coming. 

In a day, there is morning, noon, evening, and night. In a year, there are spring, summer, autumn, and winter. Similarly, throughout human history, we have not known, but we are advancing toward a purposeful world through a period of rotation. The historical journey also goes through periods like morning, noon, evening, and night.

So, when we look at the entire history of humanity, the beginning of human history was not the beginning of a good history. It was the beginning of an evil history. Even in the beginning of an evil history, there would be morning, noon, evening, and night. After passing through that night period, if there is a God who is restoring the fallen world and carrying out the providence of restoration, then the morning age of restoration will come, followed by the noon age, the evening age, and then it will develop into an ideal world through the night. 

So, what time is it now? It is the time when the fallen historical world is passing, and a new providential morning is coming. From that perspective, we can say it is a turning point. Even when you look at a day, if the bell rings to announce midnight... Ordinary people do not know when that midnight is. When the bell rings, they look at the clock and think that midnight has passed and a new day is beginning. When the clock itself is not completely standard, there will be various differences, thousands or tens of thousands of people will have their clocks, and there will be a thousand or ten thousand differences.

The true meaning of a new start is, of course, there is only one morning, but to truly match that start to the hundredth of a second or even the millionth of a second is a time that must be precisely aligned.
It will be outside, this is how we see it. When we look at it as a person, we may not be able to match it. However, when we consider that the starting time of that one point is centered around the boundary line of a cycle, it is mostly done in environments that we know and do not know, it is seen that no one knows that transition time. 

Who would know? Humans do not know, but if there is a God, only God would know. This is true for a day, and it is also true for the transition from spring to summer during the spring season to the summer season, and for the transition from autumn to winter. The time of transition centered around the cyclical four seasons of the year is extremely difficult to understand.

Also, if we look at it, is the spring season a warm day, or is the autumn season a warm day? If we strictly analyze those days, they are similar. However, one is in the process of rising towards warm days, and the other is in the process of descending towards cold days. Even if they appear the same, if they are in a rotating direction, whether they go left or right, or whether they are moving forward or backward, or whether they are seen as up or down, there is a difference. This difference is fundamentally a difference in direction. When viewed this way, today can be seen as a historical transitional period, and it can also be said to be a transitional period from the perspective of providence. Then, what is providence...

Human salvation must go through a process that aligns with God's command.

When we talk about salvation in general religions these days, it refers to a vague salvation. It is said that if you believe in a certain religion, you will be saved, or if you rely on heaven, you will be saved. When we consider such issues, why is salvation necessary? If we delve into it, it is because we are sick, it is because we have fallen, and it goes around like this. Therefore, the providence of salvation must... it does not simply return as it is, nor is it the completion of salvation. It must be treated. If one is sick, one must be treated according to the doctor's diagnosis, and no matter how much one dislikes it, one cannot be treated without complying and following. To achieve a hundred percent complete treatment, one must comply with a treatment method based on strict instructions. There cannot be treatment according to one's own will or according to the will of the person being treated. 

When viewed this way, the human world has fallen into a sickness, and when it comes to treating that sickness, who is the doctor that can treat it? That doctor is none other than God. 

Now, there have been many religions throughout the historical ages, but what are the founders of those religions? They are nothing more than messengers. In terms of preparing medicine, they are merely those who prepare and deliver it according to the prescription method presented by heaven.

Then, how will the final completion of human salvation be concluded? Just because one takes medicine or is treated, does that mean the completion of salvation? In the end, one must go through a process that can align with God's command. Otherwise, there is no complete providence of salvation.

If we look at the limits of the providence of salvation, there will also be individual salvation. Among individuals, there are both men and women. Among individuals, there are parents, spouses, and children. This leads to families, tribes, nations, the world, and even all of humanity. Furthermore, it is connected to the spiritual world as well.

Then, when we look at the complete goal of God's providence of salvation centered around the perfect ideal, what kind of time is the era of complete salvation? When we ask this question, it is extremely difficult to answer. It would be nice if this were a problem that does not need to be addressed, but when we consider that it is a problem that must be addressed even if it is extremely difficult, it is not an easy task. It is a difficult task. In that difficulty, we cannot mobilize only individuals. Here, through tribes, all of humanity must be mobilized, and without overcoming this difficulty, it is impossible to achieve a world of complete salvation or a universe.

The original position of humans

As you have learned the principles, you know that the fall has become a matter of bloodline. If there had been a connection of a parent-child relationship centered on God, since God is omnipotent, if we were born as children received through Him, it means that God's blood flows through us. Just as you are born following the nature of your parents, you are born inheriting the inherent nature of God.

So, who is God? He is the one who governs and leads the entire ideal. In governing, it is not just about governing centered on oneself. He always considers the environmental conditions, and always thinks about the subject and the object while governing. What is the center and direction of that governance? It is carried out centered on absolute love.

Therefore, not only the subjects and objects but also the entire environment develops as a position that can harmonize with God's love. The environment that can develop within God's realm of love does not need explanation. It must simply be an environment where the nature itself can comply, and if the parent-child relationship is directly connected, then the child will naturally come to know what they should do in front of their parents according to the way of love. It is naturally known. Through such an ideal environment... we originally came into being through love.

Then, what about your own self, the existence of 'I'? Where exactly is this existence called 'I' that uses surnames like Kim, Park, Moon, Cho, Lee, etc.? Where is the starting point of the existence of 'I'? When we look at it, the existence of 'I' is a participant in the love of parents. This must be understood. 'I' is a participant in the love of parents, a being that partakes in the place where the parents love. In participating, it is not as a solitary participant, but as the core that can harmonize with the parents, the father and mother. It is one who has participated in the life of the parents, the life of the father and mother. I started from love. Life is connected under the foundation of love, not under any other foundation. The existence of 'I' was born centered on the love of parents and is a person who participated in the love of parents.

Why should parents love me? It is because I am a participant in that love, and through the origin of the heart at the time of loving, I am inherently designed to be able to relate to them. 'I' was born as a participant in love. If we look at it this way, humanity started from a being that has some God, a subjective being of love, from the very core where that being can love and reciprocate. It is the same principle.

From that perspective, today, if there is a God, humans hold the title of being God's children. In holding that title of a child, because they are participants in love, they have transcended classes centered on love. They are one. What belongs to the father is mine, and what is mine is the father's. I cannot complain if the father governs, and the father cannot complain if I govern. We stand in a position of equality.

When viewed this way, what is the world that God originally desires, what is the world of humans that God wants? How should humans have been born originally? They should have been born as participants in God's love, as participants in the joy of love, as participants through which life can be connected. However, as participants in whose love, as participants in whose life were they born? They were born as participants in the love of fallen Satan, that is, as participants in the love of the archangel.

The one and only way to heal fallen humans

Then, what is Satan? Satan is one who has thought centered on oneself. He has developed a sense of ownership centered on his own possessions. Then he started centered on self-love, loving oneself. All of these are not God's attributes, but the attributes of Satan. Because they are connected from such a parental position, today, all people living on this earth are self-centered and individual-centered. Society is such a society, and nations are such nations. Therefore, when the end of the century comes, even if it means abandoning all nations and the entire world, it will roll into an era of clinging to oneself.

Now, looking at the world today, liberalism, individualism... When we look at individualism, to advocate individualism is to deny the nation. The world and everything else are too far away. The family and everything else are also too far away. Furthermore, even the wife... everything is... The wife is also irrelevant to me. When viewed from the center of myself, while needing the entire relative realm, the more one absolutizes and emphasizes oneself, the more one cannot help but deny the relative conditions. This is the phenomenon of individualism at the end of the world.

Where did individualism, centered on the individual, originate? It is based on love centered on the individual, on ownership centered on the individual... Standing in such a self-centered position is contrary to the qualities of God's nature.

When viewed this way, humanity has fallen into sickness. What kind of sickness is this? It is a terrible sickness. Today, cancer is called a deadly disease, but this is even worse than cancer. Cancer destroys one person, but this sickness can destroy a nation while simultaneously destroying history and humanity. It is a terrible sickness that brings about such results. This is the fate of fallen lives today, which must be treated.

Therefore, humans must find a method of treatment and a place for treatment. That method and place are not found within oneself but must be sought elsewhere. Therefore, a place is needed, and a method is needed. What is that place? It is religion, and what is that method? It is treatment. Treatment methods vary depending on the type of illness; different medicines are used for different people, and every doctor has different methods, right? There are countless ways of prescribing medicine. However, the prescription method established by God is likely to be only one.

Then, there must be a prescription method for treating individuals, for treating families, for treating nations, and for treating the world. Where must that prescription method be centered? It must be centered on absolute love of God. It is not a love centered on the self, nor a love centered on the goodness of the self, nor a position that asserts the self, but a position centered on absolute justice, a love that serves the whole. The position is different.

Therefore, what religion advocates is sacrificial service or humility and gentleness. Why is that? Why is it? Why go the opposite way of salvation when one can just live as they are? Is sacrificial service easy? Neurotic women, when they are displeased, must lash out to relieve their feelings, but lashing out is not sacrificial service. One must bite their tongue and endure with a grimace. In the reality of the society we live in, we are not walking the normal path, but rather an abnormal path. We are not walking the path of reason, but rather the path of opposition.

Why is that? It is because it is different. To go from here to there, to go from South Korea to North Korea, one must pass through the border area, where there are all sorts of dangers. There are landmines buried, and there are dangerous substances that I cannot even imagine buried there. Such a process must be gone through anyway.

To reclaim what was taken by Satan, one must go through the history of recreation.

As you have learned the principles of the Unification Church, originally, when humans are born, both the firstborn and the second born were to be children of God. However, who did the firstborn become? He became a child of Satan. He became a child of a servant. Who is Eve? She is the empress of that nation. If there had been no fall, she would have become the empress... Adam was the king of that nation. What is God? He is the source of love that can connect the love of Adam and Eve. The true God becomes completely a father centered on us humans. With the invisible love of the spiritual couple, He comes to Adam and Eve, who are divided into reality, and finally brings the ideal of love so that the spiritual world and the physical world can walk in all directions and circulate forever, and for that purpose, He created Adam and Eve as the core of love.

Why did God create the universe? It was created for God. It was created because of God, but what about God? What does God need? Is it gold? Is it silver? Is it power? What is it? As an omniscient and omnipotent being, God needs nothing. However, since what God Himself needs is love, Adam and Eve were made as the core base of that love.

From that perspective, if Adam and Eve matured and entered the stage of adolescence, God would have been present. The qualities of God's character, which are masculine and feminine, were separated into a plus quality for Adam and a minus quality for Eve. However, from one standpoint, this must be comprehensively connected, and through the inner origin, it must be connected to the outer result. Therefore, humans were created to become the core base of love that can turn into one. This is how it originally was.

However, because of the fall, this bloodline has changed. This is the problem. Therefore, when they gave birth, who was born first? The firstborn son was born. The firstborn son is a child of Satan. What happened to the second son? God took hold of him, who was on Satan's side, turned him around, and brought him back to Himself. Heaven was in such a position. It is astonishing.

The entire created world was made as an environmental connection that could harmonize around the original love centered on Adam and Eve. However, because Satan took everything by weaving it around love, which was given to Adam and Eve based on the original principled standard, he pulled everything over. This must be reclaimed. It cannot be reclaimed simply; you must go through the history of recreation.

The history of blood restoration until the birth of Jesus

Originally, after the fall of Adam's family, God tried to save them, but salvation could not be achieved through Adam and Eve. Because they were the ones who fell, they were divided into two sons. Thus, the history of restoration began. It is a game of pulling the older brother down as the younger brother and raising the younger brother as the older brother. Can such a thing happen? The way of providence for salvation goes through such paradoxical paths.

Cain was placed on Satan's side, and Abel was placed on heaven's side, saying, "You, Abel, naturally subdue Cain and inherit the birthright joyfully without fighting." Is this possible? How difficult is that? You know, even among brothers at home, they fight over money. This is a cosmic struggle.

Therefore, in the family of Adam, in order for humanity to return, all of this must be settled, so God raised Abel to confront Cain. It was not a discussion like today, but He made them confront each other... In confrontation, who must exercise power first? The older brother must exercise power. According to principle, the younger brother must listen to the older brother. However, instead of listening to the older brother, he thinks of trying to turn the older brother upside down. Thus, they do all sorts of things like enemies.
Because we have seen this contradictory beginning, history has been repeating the history of struggle due to the process of history not being corrected. Therefore, it is about swapping around the sons and daughters born of Adam and Eve. However, Cain killed Abel. So, going further, through the historical era... When the swapping of Cain and Abel brothers did not work out, it came to the time of Isaac and Jacob, and it was done through twins. Since they came out separately, their natures are different. However, twins are said to be the same, right? When the older brother is sick or the younger brother is sick, one side feels it. This is what it means to swap through twins.

When we look at the biblical story of Jacob buying the birthright with a bowl of lentil stew, it seems like a riddle and a dream. Why did it have to be done? What can we say? How can there be such a detestable younger brother in the world? Like Jacob. To take the birthright from his older brother Esau, he said, "Sell me your birthright for this stew." He played a game of taking everything away. Then why did God sympathize with the robbed Esau? Why did He sympathize with Jacob? This is something that even theologians cannot understand. If you do not know the principles of the Unification Church, you will not understand.

Thus, it is said that they tried to restore through twins. In the process where Esau was trying to kill Jacob for 21 years centered around the birthright, Jacob prepared everything to win over his brother's heart. He gave everything external, changing all material things into spiritual ones. He wrestled with an angel by the Jabbok River and then centered on Esau, calling himself a servant. Look at Jacob when he meets Esau. He praised his brother as the lord and said that everything belonged to his brother. By being welcomed in that place, Jacob laid a new foundation to settle and localize on earth.

However, since this was done in their 30s and 40s as twins, the time in the womb has not yet been swapped. So, as you all know, through Tamar, Perez and Zerah... Originally, Zerah was supposed to come out first, but he was pushed back in the womb and the younger brother swapped and came out first. Thus, the transitional foundation from the womb was laid.

Therefore, the bloodline must be purified. Because the bloodline was defiled, it had to be a trickster in the womb of the parents... Did not Jesus also say this? When Nicodemus came and asked, "How can one be saved?" He said, "You are a teacher of the Jews, and you do not know this? Unless one is born again, he cannot enter the kingdom of God." What does it mean to be born again? These are not vague words but words spoken with a thousand miles in mind, and they did not understand that well.

Tamar, when viewed from a worldly perspective, is an abnormal woman. Thus, starting from the history of Tamar, the bloodline foundation was laid from the womb and connected all the way to the family level, tribe, nation, and world... Why? Because the world of Satan is based on the national standard, it is necessary to connect that tradition up to the national standard, and in that era, it must represent that kind of heartistic realm.

So, centered on the nation of Israel, the Messiah, the Savior, comes, and centered on Mary... Mary is not an illegitimate woman, right? She was betrothed to Joseph and bore a child, so is that not true? It was to separate from the world of Satan and, under the heavenly will, to inject a new life based on the traditional foundation of national representation, on the heartistic foundation, and create a separate faction. Thus, Jesus was born as an illegitimate child.

When we look at such issues, why must it be so? What is important in the world of Satan is difficult. One must find the path of restoration from the places that are not valued in the world of Satan. Thus, Jesus was born, and when we look at the heartistic standard, he was born not from a family standard but from a national representative standard, on a foundation that purified the bloodline. Therefore, from the womb, Satan cannot accuse. This is different. Although Perez and Zerah were twins, even if they were born alone, there was no historical birth that Satan could accuse except for Jesus. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Thus, finally, the internal bloodline that transformed the defiled external bloodline centered on the internal bloodline, was born as the one who has the heavenly birthright from the womb as a national and world representative, which is why the term "only begotten son" is established. What is the only begotten son that Christianity speaks of today? Since he was born as the only begotten son, where is the only begotten daughter? This is the problem. If the only begotten daughter had been found, a new historical turning point would have been achieved, but the only begotten daughter was not found.

The families of Joseph and John the Baptist that could not fulfill their responsibilities.

Then, when we look at the principle of recreation, how should we find a woman? It must be recreated through Adam. The Bible says, right? It says that a woman was made from Adam's rib, and the established church says that one rib of a man is missing, but there is no such crazy interpretation. What does it mean? It means that it was made by taking a model. When you face a book, do you not say, "Extract the essence from the book"? To extract the essence means to take out what can be modeled. It was made by modeling.

Therefore, the only begotten son must find the only begotten daughter. They must be found and raised. That is why the families of Joseph, Zechariah, John the Baptist, and Joseph are necessary. Then, Judaism arose, but why did God create Judaism? It was to create a family house centered on the only begotten daughter when Jesus comes, that is, to create a wealthy family house in the world of Satan. Do you understand what I mean?

The Messiah does not always come as a wealthy person. He comes as a vagabond. Just like Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden, he comes with nothing. The only thing he has is the weapon of a man. Because Satan took everything away through a woman, the whole world depends on the foundation of women. Therefore, a bride who can represent must be established, and the bride must deny everything with love and say, "I offer everything before you." The young women who are to be married must abandon their own family customs. Just like Rachel, when Jacob stole his father-in-law Laban's property, she became on her husband's side instead of her father's side.

This position must be externally expanded and laid down based on the national foundation, which is what Judaism has done. Who should be the central tribe of that? It must be the family of Zechariah and the family of John the Baptist. Do you understand? Jesus is not the son of Joseph. Even if Jesus, born of Mary, is called a vagabond by anyone in the world, the family of John the Baptist must say, "We absolutely need him in our family." If the family unit had all gathered together and did not present Jesus, would Jesus have died? He would not have died. Then he could have married the sister of John the Baptist and had sons and daughters.

Originally, the 12 apostles should have come from the family of Joseph, and the 72 disciples should have come from the family of Zechariah, but that did not happen. If they had tied the 72 disciples around one tribe of the family of Zechariah, the authority of the Israelite church would have been connected without any effort. There would have been no need for evangelism or anything. So, if Jesus had only given birth to direct descendants, who would have become the pope of the Roman Catholic Church today? Would it have been the pope inherited by Peter, James, and the other 12 apostles, or would it have been the pope inherited by Jesus' direct descendants? It goes without saying that it would have been inherited by direct descendants. If that had happened, would there be so many denominations in Christianity today? Methodist, Catholic, what church, and even Unification Church would be included, but would there be a need for such messy denominations? They are all twins. (Laughter) They are not the real thing. Since they are not the real thing, they are twins. Is there anything special about it?

If that had happened, what would the world be like today? Centered on Christianity based on the bloodline of Jesus, it would have unified the world in the old medieval period and formed one world. It sounds simple, but how noisy and complicated it is.

What is the grievance on this earth? It is that Jesus could not find a bride, and then what else? "..." Then what else? If you cannot answer even when taught, you must all die. You are worse than someone who did not attend elementary school. Then what else? What is the grievance? Truly... Yes, I am speaking loudly from the morning, so you might feel uncomfortable. What is the grievance on this earth? It is that Jesus could not get married, and then what else? "He could not fulfill his will." Hmm, since I asked while smiling, you are answering. (Laughter) That is all because of your own presence. This is exactly what the character of Satan is, as I told you earlier.

Why do established churches say, "The Unification Church is a persistent and chronic heresy"? I am a person who carries such a label all over my body. You must wait and see what is true. God knows.

What must Christianity do? Since Jesus left behind grievances and could not fulfill his will, what did he leave behind to resolve that grievance? What is the inheritance? It is the so-called Christianity. Now, what must Christianity do? Since Jesus could not fulfill his will, it must prepare the bride for the returning Lord. Is it enough just to have a bride? What else? The world denominations must come together to welcome the sons and daughters of the Lord, forming a love expectation that can fulfill the heavenly will in this world, which, in Unification Church terms, means forming an expectation realm.

Now, has that happened? Nowadays, the Catholic Church is making a fuss in its own way, and the Presbyterian Church is fighting in its own way. I have also worked hard for the interdenominational movement to the point of death. But why is the interdenominational movement necessary? The problem is simple.

The Jews have become a nation that has suffered for 2,000 years because Judaism, which is the foundation that can connect the world, has failed. Wherever they go, they bleed and have become a miserable nation that always connects the history of sacrifice in that era. On the other hand, today, Christianity has become a nation that can receive God's love, achieving the bride's authority in the historical era without repeating the past mistakes of the Jews, and how to graft it into a global tribal authority, national authority, and world authority centered on the baton of children.

To turn from the wild olive tree to the true olive tree... There must be a field of wild olive trees to graft the true olive tree, right? Is that not so? The field of wild olive trees is like the world of Christianity. From here, it only needs to extend the branch of the true olive tree. It should be seen as a grafting process. Do you know what grafting is? You must cut everything from that field at once. When cutting, should you cut the branches, the middle, or the bottom? "You must cut the bottom."

To say that you must cut the bottom means that you must cut off the Catholic Church itself. You must cut off the Presbyterian Church itself, and whatever church it is, you must cut them all off. If I say this, they call me a heretic. (Laughter) If you listen and stay quiet, it is an exciting story. The logic is like that, right? It must be cut off. When cutting off those thousands of years old trees, you must not shed tears. You must say, "Oh, how nice!" Just like the song of Heungbu and Nolbu, you must sing like that.

If you cut it off, people who do not understand will say, "Why cut such a big tree?" "Why cut it?" "To graft a new seed here." They will ask, "Where is the grafting?" "It is this one." "What is this?" "It is a bud graft." "With this one bud? There are hundreds of thousands of these on the tree, why change it, you brat?" They will make a fuss.

Do you see the eyes? The eyes are the same. The eyes are the same, and the branches are the same. What is different between the wild olive tree and the true olive tree? They are the same. So, it is a fuss. Just by changing one bud, people will say, "Mom, I am dying. Dad, I am dying. The country is dying. Society is dying." It is the destruction of families, the destruction of society, the destruction of churches, and the destruction of the democratic world. Communism is making a fuss about destroying communism... This kind of play is Reverend Moon. Do you understand? The person who does this is so-called Moon whatever.

Then again, they might say, "That person speaks well, so he has attached his explanation," but he has not attached anything. The fact is that it is true. Whether this is true or not, plant it, and after it grows, wait and see if the apple opens or the wild fruit opens. Do wild olive trees bear the fruit of true olive trees? They bear wild fruit.

When you come to the Unification Church, such things happen. Even if you tell them not to go, they want to go. Is that so? "Yes." Those are crazy women. (Laughter) That is why I have been scolded. Even if the husband holds onto the hem of the skirt and says, "Please do not go," they leave, and even the children say, "Do not go," and the in-laws say, "You used to do well, why are you like this now?" Why is that? Because the spring breeze has blown! (Laughter)

What kind of spring breeze has blown? It is the new grafting breeze blowing from the field of wild olive trees. It cannot be helped to play that game. The innate original mind knows the time. Even the swallow that went to the south knows the time and goes back to its environment and sings. If a creature does not know that it has welcomed its spring garden, it is worse than an animal. Such a person cannot become the master of all things.

They are urging themselves unknowingly. They are busy. They are busier than eating, busier than sleeping, and busier than seeing that husband they used to love and live for. Such a wind once blew in the Unification Church. Do you know that wind blew? "Yes." The main character of that play was me, becoming the wind.

We caught a lot of carp in Berry Town and put thousands of them in our pond, but due to a lack of oxygen, they were gasping for air in the new water that flowed out. (Imitating the sound) Despite losing face, the fish made sounds as they drank the water.

Such things happen. Why is there a fuss about Reverend Moon in the Unification Church? What do women say? They know it is rude to speak ill in public, but why is there a fuss? They say, "Teacher, where are you going?" If they know where he is going at night, if he says he is going to Busan, they will take a car to the Busan headquarters and wait, saying, "I am here, I have come." They are all kinds of spirits, the Unification Church members. So, what do they do? They are working like that.

From this perspective, what kind of person am I, Moon whatever? I am someone who wants to heal the sick. If you want to believe this, believe it; if you do not want to, do as you please. The method of preparation is different. The method of preparation that today’s established church pastors use is different from the method that Moon whatever uses. If you take that medicine, it may create a lump, a lump of greed, but if you take the Unification Church medicine, the lump goes in instead. What is the opposite of a lump? It is nothing, right? (Laughter) It is to remove me, just by taking the Unification Church medicine. What is that? It is sacrifice. While they are making a fuss to attach, here it is about removing. Removing is sacrifice. It is the opposite, the opposite.
In a world where asserting oneself leads to backlash, it is rare to find someone who patiently says, "Go ahead and show your skills," while smiling for 10 or 20 years. After going through the first, second, and even tenth rounds, when asked, "Do you want to continue?" one must respond with a pleasant "No," rather than a negative "No" that leaves a bad feeling. This is how it should end. Do you understand what I mean? 

You must carry that burden. If you leave behind the one who lost, you cannot move forward. You cannot go to heaven. You must carry that weight. This is the exercise of returning. Do you understand? Do you have to abandon that, or do you have to carry it? "You must carry it." Where in the world does such a thing happen? Why has this happened? Why does the esteemed Reverend Moon remain silent despite being criticized throughout his life? When he goes to North Korea, he fights with the sovereign there; when he comes to South Korea, he fights with the sovereign here; when he goes to America, he fights with the sovereign there. If he were to charge head-on, he would be stronger than them, and he could break through any barriers. So why does he remain silent? Because he must endure and take back what was lost.

Taking back does not involve crying. After being beaten, one must say, "Ah, I lost to your skills; I have much to learn from you. You are the champion," and only then can one return. This is the history of restoration. Is that easy or difficult? "It is difficult." Is it hard or easy? "It is difficult." Then why do you want to take the difficult path? Why not take the easy one? Is it because you can do it or because you cannot? It is because you cannot.

Here, there is a doctor… Where did Dr. Yoon go? (Laughter) I must scold Dr. Yoon so that the people below him can feel relieved even if they are criticized and hear unpleasant words. When I confront him informally, saying, "Dr. Yoon, what are you doing with that empty head?" if he remains silent as a doctor, then those who are not doctors should be grateful. Dr. Yoon is not here.

Why must we take the difficult path? Why must we go that way? We should take the easy path. It is not acceptable to do easy things. You cannot do that. It is a principle that you cannot obtain a degree without passing the course established by the school. The logic of the world is all set up that way.

In the Unification Church, the members who have joined must become one with the church; they cannot go where Reverend Moon is without receiving a pass or certificate. You don’t like that, do you? But it is not easy. The exam questions are not easy. The exam questions are not about selecting everything that students know; they are about selecting things that they know but do not know. You must take the final exam based on the secrets that God and Satan have fought over for thousands of years. You must take that exam. It is difficult, but you must understand that you cannot do it.

Just because your mother and father die does not mean you can be forgiven for this path. You cannot be forgiven just because your wife sacrifices herself for the country. It is not about your sons and daughters. It is something I must do.

To inherit from God, what perspective must I have to return as 'me'? I am not the son or daughter of Kim from the Kim clan. I must have the title of a child of God, as a child of God. That is absolutely necessary. Do you understand? I am a child of God.

As Kim or Park, you cannot claim victory in the world of heavenly love based on the principles of heaven. Without having the reputation and justification of being a direct child of God centered on God, you cannot inherit the love of God. You must understand this. Therefore, you must naturally subjugate Satan, who becomes a servant of God as a child of God. To do that, you must appear with the inheritance of love in place of God. In that position, even Satan cannot deny the principles.

So, ladies here, are you daughters of God? Are you daughters of God, or are you daughters of Satan? Are you daughters of Kim or Park? What are you? "We are daughters of God." Yes, I acknowledge that, daughters of God. Would the daughters of God in the Garden of Eden have thought that the archangel Satan was great? Would Eve have thought that the archangel was great? Would she have thought that Adam was inferior and the archangel superior? "Adam is superior."

Ladies in their twenties, when a handsome man passes by on the street, do you look and think, "Oh, he is handsome"? Be honest. Do you look? "Yes." So you do look? (Laughter) Who told you to look? That is the fruit of the fall.

A daughter of God must look at a man placed by God with eyes like a serpent, even if he is visible, and even if she turns her face, she must look to strike the enemy. If she looks at him with pleasure, what does that mean? Is she a daughter of God? "No." Then you should reflect. (Laughter)

Let’s be honest. You put on makeup several times, wash your face, and think, "Oh, I wish this part would go in a little." I know very well what happens behind the scenes. Who is that for? Is it for the daughter of God, or is it for God? It is for God! Then that is acceptable.

When it is for the true son of God, it is glorious makeup. At that time, I would think of making the best cosmetics in the world and putting them on the daughters of the Unification Church. (Laughter) Doesn’t that feel good? Until now, not being able to do that has left many grievances, but now it feels good, right? "Yes." Our ladies have looked only at me for 10 or 20 years in the Unification Church, and they say, "Oh, I have spent my youth and grown old! Now I have to go to the cemetery, but the teacher has run away and is doing well, receiving praise while we are left in a miserable state, unable to see because everything is blocked and the door is made small, saying that if we don't have a stamp, we can't see. Oh, I am dying." They have seen enough, haven’t they?

The Unification Church must resolve all historical grievances. 

Now, do you understand? I believe I will become the richest person in the world. I think that way. As long as I do not die, I will sit on Rockefeller's lap. I will sit on the Rockefeller of America. Until then, pray that I do not die. If I do not die, I am definitely a man with that capability. I know how to see such things and how to do them; I know the way. In a world where everything else is collapsing, knowing that I could collapse but have survived enough to be able to shout should be recognized. (Laughter)

Talking like this… What is today’s title? (Laughter) If you stray too far, you cannot return home, and you cannot go back to your hometown; you cannot die in a foreign land.

What is Jesus’ grievance? What is it? "He could not get married." (Laughter) Not being able to get married? (Laughter) I really like the word marriage. If you reverse it, it becomes the head of the household. (Laughter) You see, in Korean, from below it is the head of the household, and from above it is marriage, so it fits inside and outside. He could not become the head of the household. What does he need to become the head of the household? He needs a wife. (Laughter) And what else? He needs children.

I have talked like this, but it has already been an hour. What if I drag it out for five or ten hours? Busy people can leave. (Laughter) I should talk after sending them off… Time is passing, and I don’t want to hear you say, "Oh, I am anxious." Busy people can leave. (Laughter) Just a sip. (Laughter) We know what we know.

Then, because Jesus could not get married, who suffered? Of course, the family of Zechariah, the denomination of Israel, Judaism, and the nation of Israel all perished. So he left home, made the twelve disciples, and led the seventy disciples, who were ignorant, to bark around the neighborhood, being despised and wandering, yet he could not achieve that foundation. What did he say? "The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests, but the Son of Man has nowhere to lay his head." Did he not say that? "He said he had none." Did he say he had none? (Laughter) How does that feel? Is it good or bad? "It’s bad." You must understand how shocking that is.

That is why Jesus made the historical statement to his mother, "Woman, what do I have to do with you?" When viewed from the twists and turns of the human world, they may think they did well, but when viewed from the heavenly principle, they are in a position of violation. Jesus, knowing this, rebuked his mother by saying, "Woman!" You must understand that. Although she went through all the paths of sacrifice and unhappiness with one body, she could not go the way to save the nation of Israel and the world. That is the perspective from which he rebuked her.

Thus, he extended it to a global scale, but when Jesus came as the global Abel, Christianity created a global Cain authority, and within that Cain authority, it must seek the sun and find Cain. Therefore, the ideology of Christianity has centered around the thought of the Second Coming and the name of the bridegroom and bride until now… Isn’t that right? The bride! The pastors of Christianity claim to be brides, don’t they? Where is the pastor a bride? That is the archangel. That is why Christianity is a religion of women.

So, even though there is a mission to correct what could not be done during Jesus’ time in the era of the Second Coming, it could not be done. Then what is the Unification Church doing? The Unification Church must resolve the grievances of Christianity, the grievances of Jesus, and the grievances of the nation of Israel and Judaism.

What was left behind because of the death of Jesus Christ? What became a grievance? The death of Jesus as an individual is a grievance, but losing the framework and foundation that God had built through Judaism is an even greater grievance. Losing the nation of Israel is also a grievance. The foundation that was extended and expanded after Jesus’ death is today’s Christianity, but Christianity has no nation. It is not like the nation of Israel. This is spiritual. Based on spiritual standards, a global framework was created, but there is no nation. The nation of Israel had a nation and sovereignty, but Christianity has no nation now.

With this, centered on the democratic world, a global framework was established, and after World War II, America was fully prepared to act with all authority, but America made a mistake and is now in chaos. Today, it is being taken away by the communists, by Cain. Do you understand? The Satans are taking it away. In this perspective today… (The recording briefly cuts out)

In fighting against communism, the owner is the Unification Church. 

America also said to listen to me, but they shouted that they wouldn’t. They thought if they remained silent, they would be consumed by the Unification Church, so they had to do all sorts of things to turn the tables. I will not be turned over. This time, the Ministry of Justice and the Prosecutor’s Office said, "Oh, how nice it would be if Reverend Moon had not come!" But, you little brats, why wouldn’t I go?

You must fight in the final ring; you cannot become a champion just by staying in the neighborhood, right? Do you understand? I have prepared to go out and fight in that championship ring, so why wouldn’t I go? Only by fighting in the ring can there be honor. (Applause)

What kind of era has it become now? Christianity has become the cultural sphere of the democratic world. Isn’t that right? What is America? It is the king of the Christian cultural sphere. The free world is the Christian cultural sphere. There, like Peter, James, and the twelve disciples, and the seventy disciples, various denominations are all divided and stationed. 

Then, from here, I am going with the flag of Abel from heaven by heavenly command! That is why I am raising and lowering America in three and a half years. I have done everything I need to do. I have fought all I need to fight.

Now, in terms of skill confrontation… That is how it is now. In America, in fighting against communism, there is no owner other than the Unification Church. In fighting against communism, which organization holds the power of victory? It is not the Department of Defense, nor the CIA, nor the FBI. Then who is it? It is the Unification Church. It is the CARP group of the Unification Church. Do you understand what I mean?

When the communists demonstrate, the spokesperson from the Vice President’s office calls and says, "Oh, please help us!" and we go and handle everything. What does that mean? Even with the vast secret police organizations of the Department of Defense, the State Department, the CIA, and the FBI, the Unification Church is doing what they cannot do today. When you see this, the fight is already considered over.

Recently, President Reagan was giving a speech somewhere, and since the communists were demonstrating, he had no choice but to have our spokesperson call and say, "Please help us!" So I said, "Oh, okay," and we went and cleaned up the opposition of thousands of communists with just forty of us.

Do you understand? Can you believe that? "Yes." So this is a big problem.

When I look at the eyes of the Unification Church members, they are not fools. They are not like hippies or yippies. They are sharp and have coherent theories; wherever they go, they are worth a hundred. Even if someone enters a place with a hundred people, they handle it smoothly. They cannot be matched by theory.

Did I do well or not? "You did well." Did I do well to be criticized? "You did not." (Laughter) Did I do well to be criticized or not? "You did well." What did I do well? (Laughter) You must be beaten to make them naturally surrender. It is not forced surrender; it is natural surrender. If you hit wrongly, you should apologize. Isn’t that right? Then when you apologize, you must strip off the shell. When you put on pants, you do not take them off like this; you take them off from the other side. Do you understand? (Laughter) So, grabbing by the neck, at that moment, you must hold on and if you are going to die, die; that is how it is. (Laughter)

Being criticized and becoming one means becoming brothers. 

So, was it good to be criticized or not? Look, it has been unpleasant since morning. Was it good or not? "It was good." After making it unpleasant, what is good about it? Then how about me criticizing you? "It is good." If I were to… Who am I? In the Unification Church, who am I? I am the father, and what are you? "We are the sons." No. Why are you the father and the sons? So what am I? "You are Abel." Then what are you? "We are Cain." But why does the Reverend Moon of the Unification Church, who is Abel, hit Cain? Isn’t that contradictory? (Laughter) Over there, they teach that Cain strikes Abel, but why does Reverend Moon act as the king here? Isn’t that a contradiction? He criticizes and says… (Laughter) That is just how the teacher is.

I wouldn’t like to be criticized from the morning. Then am I a person with a lack of reasoning? Look at my eyes. My eyes are deeply set and look like binoculars, but they have not popped out. The measurement is very quick. 

The other day, I saw something made by Eom Deok-moon and said, "That is wrong. Look," but it was not wrong.
I heard that. "I just measured it with my own eyes. Go measure it yourself, you fool!" When I said that, they measured it and said, "It's off by 5 millimeters." (Laughter) So, it's a matter of life and death. They measured it several times, dozens of times, but when I said it looks big just by looking at it, it's a matter of life and death for them. That's how fast measurements can be. Do you understand what I mean?

Would such a person enjoy cursing? Then why would they curse? If I explain that, they would say they would just get cursed every day. Even when preaching, they would ask for curses every day. If they only received curses every day, it would lead to indigestion. It should be done occasionally. (Laughter)

Why is that? When you get cursed and become one, you become brothers. You become the closest friends. Do you understand? If you get cursed by Abel, you become friends with Abel, and if you get cursed by Cain, you become friends with Cain. Then what happens? The authority to participate is established. Do you understand? A person who endures daily beatings from their parents without complaining knows that they will inherit from their parents. The right to participate is granted. However, people do not understand this. If a student gets scolded by a teacher and then shows good classroom behavior, they can participate in the glory that the teacher attains.

In terms of the nation, one must absolutely obey the laws of the nation to participate in the glory of the nation. One must understand these principles in all social systems for a path to living as a human being to open up.

Do you want to go where the teacher goes? "Yes." Do you want to go to court battles? "Yes." But you don't want that, do you? (Laughter) After winning in court battles, when you come back holding the shield of victory and say, "Teacher, I’m here," the teacher would say, "Oh, you came here," and you would participate in the glory. Do you understand? You can inherit the best from that teacher. Do you understand? Think about whether this is true or not. In that sense, because I am in the position of Cain, I curse and belittle and make them suffer. However, if I work hard, I think it is a hundred or a thousand times better than being cursed by Cain in the world of Satan.

Thank you, are you feeling resentful? "Thank you." "Oh, that person is just wrapping people up in a net and doing whatever they want," they might say, but I am not doing whatever I want. I am trying to make it possible to do things according to God's will. So, I am not a thief. I am not a thief.

Now, if someone goes to the execution ground, and someone comes and wraps them up in a net and beats them, even those going to the execution ground would become angry, even when they are going to die. Before going to die, if they are wrapped up and told, "You brat! If you are going to die somewhere, I will kill you here," they would dislike that. You need to understand that such things exist.

The Unification Church must rectify the failures of Judaism and Christianity.

So, today, the worldwide Christianity connects with Judaism to form a spiritual foundation, and the free world represents this, with America at its center. This foundation centered on America is not a foundation based on spirit and flesh, but a spiritual foundation. Then, what should the Unification Church do today based on this? It must rectify the failures of Jesus, the failures of Judaism, the failures of the Jewish nation, and the failures of today's Christianity. Although Christianity opposes the Unification Church and America opposes the Unification Church, the responsibility to rectify the realm of failure lies with Mr. Moon, who leads the Unification Church.

These days, I think they will believe me a bit. Yesterday, I told the deans some unbelievable, fanciful stories and asked, "Do you believe that?" They said, "Whether we believe it or not." It has come to that point. If I say it, anyone has now reached the stage of believing it. America is the same. What Mr. Moon said here has all been done, so now when I say I will do it, they all think it will definitely happen.

So, do you believe? "Yes." Who will rectify the failures? Who will rectify it? "Father will rectify it." The Unification Church will rectify it, right? Father will do it? The Unification Church is also necessary. Why? Because I am one. There is no lone warrior. I need the family realm connected to me, the tribal realm, the national realm, and the world realm. Therefore, a global condition for establishing indemnity conditions is necessary. National conditions, social conditions, church conditions, family conditions, and then even children and wives must all be connected.

Then what has Reverend Moon done until now? This intrinsic twist of facts... The older brother and younger brother are enemies, but without fighting with the older brother, if you welcome him more, you have the responsibility to turn all the rights of the older brother from the position of the younger brother back to heaven and bring the older brother to meet the parents. If you strike the older brother, you become enemies. Do you understand? "Yes."

So, what time is it now? It is the end of the century, the end times. Today's individualistic ideology is all satanic. Therefore, what does the Unification Church claim today? A new lineage, a new ideal of love. While the Unification Church claims this, the world is in chaos. The Unification Church marries only once, while the world marries multiple times. We demand orderly love, while they demand disorderly love. That is exactly how America is. The body is in chaos. The mind is also in chaos, so now we must administer treatment here. This is what has been happening in American society until now.

So now, I have completed my work, the third seven-year course. I have finished the struggle to establish the indemnity conditions over the 2,000 years of history and the 200 years of American history centered around 1976. I decided it in 16 years, shortening the 21-year course by 4 years. So, centered on 1976, the Unification Church has indemnified the 200 years of American history in 20 years. The struggle at that time is over. America is now a defeated army.

So, the Unification Church has risen to the position of a prince in America, in the cultural realm of Christianity. Now, it must overcome the communist world and rise to the position of a prince. You must understand that this is the responsibility of the Unification Church. That is why we are conducting anti-communist movements. However, that does not mean we will fight the communists in bloody battles or assassinate them with weapons. We are fighting with love at the center of love. We do it with a smile. Do you understand? "Yes." "God! When Satan and I step into the ring to fight, it is a contest of strength." We speak with words.

Thus, in Japan and American universities, we have completely organized the chaos caused by communists through CARP (Collegiate Association for the Research of Principles). Japan is the sun and the nation. Now, what I must do is complete the anti-communist issue in Korea. After that, I must complete the anti-communist issue in Japan, and that work is all finished. Now, in America, the reorganization work is all done. The fact that the American administration and leadership can ask for help means that this struggle is all over. Now, by creating an environment that can surpass the democratic world and win over the communist world in Europe, especially in Germany, when I return, the communist realm of the world will enter a decline. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Now is a historical turning point.

From that perspective, we are at a historical turning point centered on the democratic world and the communist world, as well as a historical turning point centered on Christianity and the Unification Church. You must understand that. How wonderful it would have been if we had been at the historical turning point of Judaism and Christianity centered on Jesus! If Judaism had united around Christianity, it would have completely transformed the relationship between Jesus and the nation. The first transformation would have been the transformation of the church and Judaism, the second transformation would have been the transformation of the nation, and the third transformation would have been the transformation of the Roman Empire. If that had happened, as a subject nation of the world, we would have had the central kingship of the world, and the ideal of unification centered on future generations would have been realized, leading to the era of God's love. Because that was impossible, history has developed through trials today.

So, what is the Unification Church doing today? It has sacrificed the Unification Church to spend money for the established churches until now. We have spent more than double our budget on the interdenominational movement. Do you understand what that means?

From the perspective of love, they see me as an enemy, but Reverend Moon has put in more effort in every aspect, including economically, for the established churches than for his own Unification Church. Is that a good thing or a bad thing? "It's a good thing." Why? Why? "Because he loved his enemies." So, for the established denominations, while helping with missionary funds and so on...

When I said I would take the top leaders of the church on a pilgrimage to holy sites, there was an uproar. I mean, if they have exploited their pastors and influential figures in their denominations to that extent, they should be able to sell their houses and pay to go on a pilgrimage, but they don’t do that. So when they said they wanted to go on a pilgrimage, I helped them. Is that something I did wrong?

They think that Unification Church's Mr. Moon is ruining the established church. What is he ruining? If I were trying to ruin it, I should be punished. What is there to ruin? I am trying to revive it. If those elders or pastors just listen to me for eight hours, they will completely turn around. Think about it. This interdenominational movement is causing a stir in the established church. I have heard that they are still causing a stir these days.

When the elders come and attend to listen, I thought they would argue back, but they all said it was good, which is a big problem. What big problem? It’s a big problem because they can’t handle it. That’s because heaven will protect them no matter how much they believe in the church... Spring is coming. It is already evening, and the sun is setting, and it is getting dark. The light shines above the Unification Church. It will inevitably be that way.

In that sense, it has become a turning point for both the established church and the Unification Church. This turning point is an historically significant time for Christianity. We are entering an era where we can inherit a physical foundation from a time that only had a spiritual foundation. Because of this, we are inheriting the failures of Judaism. We are inheriting the fact that Judaism and Jesus could not unite. These days, centered around the Unification Church, the government is also saying this and that. This is a series of global united fronts. Do you understand what I mean?

What will happen? What will happen? Everything will be fulfilled as God intends. Do you understand that it is a turning point? It has become a turning point for the established church and the Unification Church. Because of this, the era has come that can enable your second third seven-year course today. America is also at a turning point... Centered on this time, the global activities until now are moving from the activities of the spiritual age to the activities of the physical age. Do you understand? "Yes."

Home church is the altar that condenses the victorious foundation of 6,000 years of history.

So, what will happen to you? You will inherit the foundation that the teacher has laid and receive the spiritual foundation on the restored foundation. What does it mean to inherit that foundation? It is home church, home church. What is home church? It is the culmination of everything that the teacher has fought and won over his 60 years of life, which means the victory over the 6,000 years of history from God's perspective. It condenses the value of the whole. When you win here, you can represent God's victory and stand on the standard that the teacher has achieved through victory and the sacrifice of all religions to fulfill the purpose. That is home church.

You need a foundation to inherit the spiritual foundation. Based on the global indemnity standard that the teacher started from, since you cannot go to the global stage, what is the altar that condenses all global foundations? "Home church." It is home church. If you are welcomed only in this home church, it will all be over. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Until now, the teacher has gone through a time of individual persecution, persecution of families, persecution of tribes, persecution of nations, persecution of the world, and persecution of the spiritual world to establish the conditions of indemnity, which are the conditions for global victory. You have condensed what was at stake into a foundation that can be resolved within six months.

The teacher has suffered comprehensively until now, but once the American trial is over, the era of Unification Church missionaries standing in court will pass. Do you understand? "Yes." In that sense, you must recognize how precious this day is. And because I am doing this, future descendants of the Unification Church will not be condemned anywhere in the world. Because they have overcome the path of persecution, they must hope for it, fight, and win with dignity. This is how it looks.

Why has the New York Times, which has been an enemy until now, turned around these days? Why has the Washington Post turned around? Look. It aligns perfectly. Worldwide, Cain has beaten Abel too much. He has beaten him to the point of death. Do you understand? He has beaten him to the point of death, but he is still staggering around and has now been dragged to court and is going to prison. But when you think about it calmly, from a human perspective, who is that? It is the younger brother. So, the true heart is appealing. It is a time when the true heart is appealing. Otherwise, I would be in the most dangerous time.

If there had been no court battles... I know there are assassination plans through the FBI or CIA. You don’t know, do you? We must overcome all this. The Reagan administration, the issue of Reagan's assassination, the issue of the Pope's assassination... Who is the most hated by communists worldwide? It is Reverend Moon, Reverend Moon. You must understand that this has been globally recognized. So, the world is beating him, and fortunately, because they are beating him, he is being cornered, but if he shoots here, he will not receive sympathy from the human world. This is all seen as a protective strategy and operation from heaven. Do you understand? "Yes." In that sense, being cornered is necessary for self-defense; I am in that period.

Now we have fulfilled our responsibilities to the world.

Regarding the pastors of the established church, they say, "Leave those pastors alone; why is Unification Church's Mr. Moon doing this? Why? Just because he has money, he is traveling around the world? It would be better to leave it alone." But that is not the case. The issue between the Unification Church and the established church must be resolved during my lifetime; otherwise, there will be no historical resolution. By sending the pastors of the established church around the world, the second generation will be completely united with the Unification Church. How much blood was shed between Christianity and Catholicism, between the new and old churches, during the Thirty Years' War? By doing this, the children of the enemy will become my allies.

The Bible teaches to love your enemies, but our father, who is the president of the denomination, calls Mr. Moon a heretic. However, when that Mr. Moon, whom he calls an enemy, sacrifices all his blood and flesh to send them around the world, on the day when the father stands on the altar opposing Mr. Moon, those children will completely become our allies. "He is a fake, a fake. Whether they know or not, they oppose him even after knowing." The conflict between Christianity and the Unification Church... In a few decades or a few hundred years, they may not know, but I have the responsibility to prepare for the historical events that can lead to bloodshed. Therefore, I am doing these things, which they could never imagine. Even if I return to the transitional era, I will not let them take me away... Now Christianity...
I have completely fulfilled my responsibility towards the nation. I have completely fulfilled my responsibility towards Judaism. I have completely fulfilled my duty towards my brother. Even if Judaism opposes me, I have come out to fight for the difficulties faced by Jews in America, making them public through newspapers or news to protect them.

Recently, I have come to the realization that "Ah, News World is not an enemy of the Jews, but rather on their side." Therefore, these days, Jewish leaders are trying to cooperate with and support the Unification Church. Isn't that strange? Even though America has been beaten down, upon investigation, it seems odd. So, I have sent letters to the American government from Reverend Moon's side saying, "Fight, fight well," and have been supporting them. Looking at this, we can see that a historical turning point is approaching.

When I look back, I have completely severed ties with my past. As a citizen of the Republic of Korea, I have done all that I need to do. In front of anyone, I have equipped myself with the attitude of a patriot that is not ashamed in front of any patriot throughout history. I have sacrificed the Unification Church for the sake of the country and the world, feeding you barley rice, keeping you awake, and making you go hungry... If this country recognizes that as a sin, then this country will perish.

Reverend Moon has fulfilled his responsibilities towards the nation. It is all over. I have clearly taught each household how to achieve victory and how to stop communism. Everything was completed by April of this year. My responsibility towards established churches has ended, and thereafter, my responsibility to defend against communism in this country has also ended.

Even if I now walk my own path, the era in which Heaven could say, "You have not fulfilled your responsibility to the nation" has passed. I have also fulfilled my responsibilities towards America. I have fulfilled my responsibilities towards America, which represents global Christianity in the democratic world. I cannot do more than this. I have invested an amount equivalent to hundreds of millions of dollars with all the sincerity I have.

Our poor Unification Church members have been chased around, insulted, and mistreated, but I have spent enormous amounts of money that could have been used to buy America for them. This is because it is the principled direction taught to me by Heaven, that sacrificing Unification Church members for the sake of the country and sacrificing Korea for the sake of the world is the principle taught by Heaven, and I have done that. Strike me! On the day of the strike, it will not be me who breaks, but they will break. They will break. Once this is over, we must not let communism in the Soviet Union perish, so we must save it. I have prepared for that in every possible way. Now, I am gathering prime ministers from around the world who have been in power and creating an association, planning to visit Brezhnev with 30 or 50 people. Will he say "yes" or "no"? I am preparing for all of that.

So now, we have reached the limit. This time, because they opposed me, I hoped to create an association of small nations, and now I have completely set the anchor lines to make a complete directional change. Looking at this, while it may not be a detailed story, I can see that we have reached a historical turning point. And what is at the center of this? The Unification Church. Do you understand?

Centered around this 10th conference, tomorrow, people from 101 countries around the world will come. They are not coming because they miss Korea. After spending ten years together, they have become friends. When I see the professors, they all come like family. When I touch the head of that old man and go inside, he is happy and says, "Oh, this is nice." Some people grow their beards, and when I touch their beards, they say, "Oh, I will grow my beard too." Seeing such things makes me think, "The world has really changed. When I was going to prison, even their subordinates mocked me, and have these people already become like this?" Luck has turned around, do you understand? "Yes."

Also, the scholars of the world feel the same way. After getting to know me, they realize I am not a fraud and see that I am quite remarkable. When they look at people, they want to adopt them as their grandchildren, and when they go to Europe, if their sons and daughters say they will go to see me, they say, "You all go; there are plenty of people to guide you," and they prefer to have our Unification Church members in front of them for guidance. This is how the current situation has become. We must recognize that we are at a historical turning point. Do you understand? "Yes."

How much have I moved to expand the realm of God's love? It is not about returning as Reverend Moon's son. It is not about returning as Moon Anyong. It is not about returning as a Korean person. It is about returning as a son of God. I must return as a son of God. If I returned as a son of the Republic of Korea, I would have to return again. To go around the world as a son of the world, I must return as a son of the world and then go again. To represent Heaven and Earth, I must return as a son of the world and then go again. Therefore, I must represent Heaven and Earth, the world, the nation, the tribe, and furthermore, I must stand as a son of God who has the name of God, representing families, clan leaders, and both men and women. That son must return not as a son condemned by God but as a son who can be loved.

Kim Byung-sik! Your wife must be happy to come. Grandpa Kim Byung-sik! "Yes." Your wife must be happy to come. Isn't that right? "Yes." Isn't it better than meeting the teacher? (Laughter) Honestly, tell me. I already know everything. (Laughter) There is already something there. Are you happy that your son has come? "Yes."

You must love the sons of the Unification Church more than your own sons. You must love the women of this world more than your own wife. I, Moon Anyong, have done this work. Therefore, I loved the 36 families more than I loved my own son. The 36 families will testify to that. You must have a heart that loves the women of the world more than you love your own wife and children. Why? Because you have the authority of a son of God. Even though you live in the Republic of Korea, when you meet someone from the West, you should not treat them as an enemy from America or Japan. You should treat them as friends, with the love of God, as older brothers if they are older, and as uncles or aunties if they are older. Without that emotional foundation, you cannot have a connection within the realm of God's love. That is why you must understand the fact that we are doing such work.

As a result, Heaven has been guiding the purpose of truth through me, so the path I walk has not perished. I thought everything would disappear, but after fighting and looking back, the results of victory are unfolding like a golden plate.

What you need to think about this morning is that a turning point has come. Here, Park Bo-hee is sitting firmly, but Park Bo-hee must also think the same way. Until now, he has acted with his own realm, but I ask whether he has moved to expand the realm of God's love, which can shine even brighter. There cannot be a "me." For the sake of a path of love that can shine like clear crystal in a lamp, I must give way even if it means traveling thousands of miles, and I will disappear as a spirit.

This time, when I said, "All those who are just eating rice bugs in the Unification Church company should submit their resignations!" did they say yes or no? "They said yes." Did they do it because they had to, or because they wanted to? (Laughter) Now, answer me. Did they do it because they had to, or because they wanted to? "They wanted to." There are many types.

Some may dance and celebrate, saying that the day they wished for has come, while others may feel, "Since I believed in the teacher this much, I cannot lose it now, so I have no choice," and some may think, "Whatever happens, I don't know. Since they said to do it, let's do it." Does the teacher not know this? I know everything. God also measures and observes with a measuring device and telescope, taking pictures of every degree and angle in the emotional world. He captures who the thieves are, who the robbers are, and all the mixed colors.

So, when they say, "Oh, our company was good..." and "I have worked hard to lay the foundation, and if it collapses, what will I do?" you little brats! Did you join the Unification Church to make a living? Speak up! Did you come to the Unification Church to make a living, you brats? You came to save the nation and to save the world. You little brats!

If I were to eat for a living, how much would I have eaten? I would have eaten well. However, I have lived a life where I have never had a full stomach. I have come out living a life of hunger. That is the reality. But now you all go to Chinese restaurants and eat well and then say, "Oh, I..." No, you are sinners, sinners.

I think of the Unification Church members scattered around the world. Father... I am living a life indebted to them. Therefore, you must understand that even when they are on the verge of death, they are blessing and praising the teacher. Think about it.

Historically, if we are to untangle the complicated circumstances, who gave you the wives that you are now enjoying? Did you get them, or did I give them to you? "You did, Father." You little brats! Can I complain about taking that wife away? Park Gong-seo? "No." You rascals. I gave you a good wife, and you just feed her, you little brat? "I feed her well." (Laughter) You are in debt to your wife, aren't you? "A little." (Laughter) Oh, I grabbed a follower's son and gave him a good wife. Who gave you that wife? Did you get her? I gave her to you.

If you had done it on your own, there would be many who could become eunuchs without any sons or daughters. Among the Unification Church members, even if they meet an eunuch, they can have sons and daughters because I have bound them so that they can have children. Yesterday, when I met everyone, those without children were those whose wives or husbands had died. Other than that, everyone had sons and daughters. That is enough.

So who bound them like that? "You did, Father." Yes, the marriage that you received from me, do you know how expensive the matchmaking fee is? (Laughter) Even in spring, you have to provide a chicken, and in autumn, you have to... Even in winter, when you are in a warm room, if you break in, you must worship and serve, which is the law for the central father in Korea. Did you buy even one chicken? (Laughter)

So, how many chickens are there in a month? (Laughter) How many? "Six." What? "Six." Six chickens a month? That is counting your wife's share too. Nowadays, you can buy a cheap chicken for a month. I told you to save that, but that is not for me to eat; it is to help the people of the world. Are you saving that or not? Raise your hands if you are saving! No one? Do it! It feels good. (Laughter)

Why are we doing this? Why? Nowadays, when I see Westerners wanting to marry Korean women, how many difficulties are there? By knowing the teacher and knowing what Heaven is like... When you see that, it is a remarkable thing. You must understand that we are doing something that no one in the world, no sovereign, can do. Do you understand? "Yes."

From a meaningful perspective, how precious is the blessing? How difficult is it? Do you know as much as Jesus did? The fox has a hole, and the birds of the air have nests, but the Son of Man has nowhere to lay his head. Do you understand that heart? Do you understand the heart of the mother when he said, "Woman, what do I have to do with you?" Do you understand? You do not know how many twists and turns there are and how many stories are tangled up. Without untangling that burden... Untangling a tangled silk thread is simple. The history of untangling the historically tangled stories...

There are things that the mother must do, things that the father must do, things that Joseph's family and clan must do, things that the Zechariah clan must do, and the tangled stories of Judaism and Israel. The only one who can untangle those stories is Jesus himself, but because he could not untangle them in one, he could not untangle them in the family, and because he could not untangle them in the family, he could not untangle them in the church, and because he could not untangle them in the church, he could not untangle them in the nation, and because he could not untangle them in the nation, he could not untangle them in the world. Knowing all this, how pitiful was Jesus's situation? Therefore, he died, fell, and the Israelite people have struggled and suffered for thousands of years as a bloody sacrifice. Think about what kind of heart Jesus had while looking at that future.

For nearly 30 years, I have been supporting the factories in Germany to connect them with Korea's industry, enduring deficits and bankruptcies all alone, and now I have laid the groundwork. Who would have dreamed of this? There were all kinds of people here, including the association president and various others, but they were all busy evaluating. I have heard all sorts of things. Now, they call me a great teacher. That great teacher means that the beginning was great, the process was great, and the result is great. Which is more important? The result is not greater. You must realize that the beginning and the process are greater.

The path that the son of God must take. For that, even in the position of being dragged into prison and persecuted, I did not speak my convictions but digested them internally, and I had to advance and pioneer with ignorant crowds toward the future of the nation. Who knows the path of struggle? Only God knows. At that time, you all did all sorts of things. I have been busy walking my own path, and as I walked, I did not perish. I must not die. Since you do not know, the one who knows must take responsibility and walk the path of the cross.

So, crossing borders, crossing oceans, and crossing continents, I am struggling to pave the way for Korea. Now, looking at the industrial complex in Changwon, I see it is a big deal. The future survival of the Republic of Korea depends on how we achieve economic revival. Of course, the nation's leaders will do it, but because I know the places they cannot reach, I am working to develop the plains and wait for them to become flower gardens. Who knows that I am doing this? You little brats! While living with your wives, you say to God, "God, bless me," and "The teacher is indifferent. The teacher spends money well and enjoys traveling the world, but can't you feed my children and help my wife?" Don't you think like that? When you go to the company, don't you try to take more? You little brats!
What should we do in this transitional era? We must return as God's representatives. That eye represents the eye of heaven, that thought represents God's thoughts, and that action must be actions that represent God. You must understand that if we do not meet the historical transformation period, we cannot proceed. The reason we have come together this time and established urgent measures to inject into the church is because a new era has arrived. This is something that cannot be absent.

Instead, you must inherit the work that the teacher has done and do even better than the teacher. Doing better does not mean doing it on the world stage. It means doing it in your home church. The home church is not a place where national sovereigns have opposed the teacher and where the world has opposed him until now. The cries of opposition have passed. We have entered an era where the Unification Church can be supported. You are not paving the way in persecution; you are in a position where you can act with the banner of welcome and the voice of the whole.

By whom? By the one who bears the name of True Parents. Even if I cannot fully feel the historical stories and the stained feelings, at least try to feel that pain through your hands. And then you must navigate through it. You should not feel that pain as the son of someone named Kim. You should not feel it as the husband of someone named Kim. You should not feel it as the wife of someone named Kim. You must feel it as the son of God. You must first feel it as the son of God.

When starting the home church, you are not going in the name of someone named Kim, as someone's husband, or as someone's son. You must stand here, as the son of God, as the daughter of God, with God's love.

Today, you are people who have sold out your three ancestors. You represent the completion of Adam... Adam himself should have become the ancestor, but he made a mistake. He defiled the position of the father from the position of the son. To sanctify this, through the history of Jacob and through the Judaism that has been sanctified and prepared through history, the promised Messiah was sent, yet Jesus, who is the father, was killed.

Today, although Reverend Moon of the Unification Church is called True Parents, my appearance on this earth and the initiation of this work is not for my personal sake. I have appeared to carry out God's will. I must correct the mistakes of the traditional ancestors. I must restore Adam's failure and restore Jesus' failure. Furthermore, I must restore the failures of Judaism and the failures of Christianity, which opposed the Unification Church today, and all sins, and I must indemnify the sins committed against the three parents. This is the situation in which the Unification Church is currently fighting.

Thus, by giving the certificate that I signed and having that name signed together, we are applying to be recognized as the sons of heaven. Do you understand? Yes. Inheriting that is inheriting it as the sons and daughters of God.

You must think of your divided country more than you think of your wives. You must think of the divided democratic world and the communist world. You must unite the North and South and create one world from the divided free world and the communist world. You must unite the divided spiritual world and the earthly world. You must understand that this is the path that a filial son, who bears the name of the son, must take to liberate God.

We must liberate God. We must liberate the Father, who has overcome the twists and turns of a thousand years of history in a single day. Not only liberation but also love. We must embrace Him and say, "Father! Today's joy... it is all accomplished now. Do not be sad." And then, "Son! You have worked hard. You will have no cross, and the path of suffering will disappear. You will be able to sing of the peaceful kingdom," and we must welcome the day of glory when we can boast of the establishment of God's ideal nation, a day when the world can brighten with the breath of the son and the father.

Who are the groups that must fight against such historical grievances and the path of suffering? They are the members of the Unification Church. You must be brave and bold in leading the way. You must understand that you cannot be a coward. If your wife blocks the path of a loyal subject, you must step over her. If your child blocks the way, you must kick them aside and move on. If a friend blocks your path, you must not even look back and continue on. This is the way to possess authority as the sons of heaven, and you must clearly understand this. I, Reverend Moon, have walked this path. I am a lonely person. I found you because I knew God.

So, what attitude should we have in this transitional period? As the sons and daughters of God, we must elegantly turn around, wrapping ourselves in all the cords of Satan. Do you understand? Yes. Since you have left your jobs and come to the church, you must turn around elegantly. Since the innovative movement of the Unification Church has begun, you must turn around elegantly.

In the past, you lived as the children of someone named Kim, and in the past, you lived as the daughters of someone named Kim, but now you must be the sons of God and reign with authority as the sons of God. You must reign with the authority of the daughters of God. Do you understand? You must understand that there is a path of the cross that you must walk as the sons of God, and there is a path of the cross that you must walk as the daughters of God. You must know that your fate is determined in this historical transitional stage, where you must either possess the wisdom to complete the home church or not. Do you understand? Yes.

That is why you must change your surname. If you are a Kim, you must first remove the name Kim. I must save the Republic of Korea with my hands and save the world with my hands. This is not disloyalty to your bloodline parents; it is loyalty to your country. You must understand this.

Based on these principles, everyone, the teacher has returned this time, and from now on, if we fight... the teacher is advancing to the world stage. Now, centered on Germany, the teacher must lay down a spiritual foundation for you, and for seven years, the teacher must build a global economic foundation. Without this, we cannot digest the historical destiny of the Soviet Union, so we must run for this purpose. You should not be concerned about that; you should lay down your foundation and complete it in your home church. If that happens, spring will come to the Republic of Korea. At that time, I will have paved the way for you to sing of the peaceful kingdom. Do you understand?

The son of God, who has the heart of heavenly love, becomes the master of the world.

Today, the democratic world and the communist world are fighting over who will occupy the Third World in the future, holding the initiative to move the world. However, they have all passed. No matter what the United States does, South America does not believe it, and no matter what communism does, Africa does not believe it. No matter what advanced countries of the free world do, the small nations do not believe it. However, I, Reverend Moon, have entered a stage where I can be believed. Do you understand?

By connecting them... they are brothers. I invest money and shed blood and sweat to save them, and after they realize that, I tell them, "Do not repay me the money I invested; instead, invest it for the poorer brothers and the underdeveloped nations." By instilling this tradition, we must connect from above to below, and when the top and bottom are connected, the last person can turn back up. Without connecting this circuit, the world will not establish a heavenly kingdom of peace.

Therefore, we must understand that the master of this world becomes the son of God. Do you understand? Yes. Those who can inherit the turning point of history inherit it as the sons and daughters of God, not as the children of someone named Kim from the Republic of Korea. They are not the children of someone named Park. They are not the children of Reverend Moon of the Unification Church. Centered on the traditional love that God desires, the sons of God can stand tall.

From that perspective, reflect again. Consider how many stories there are in this tremendous historical path of indemnity. The teacher is now over 60, right? When the teacher was young, he had a quite handsome face. I was told I was good-looking, but these days, no one says that. Now that I have become a grandfather, would anyone call me handsome?

So the teacher thinks. When I came to this earth, my mother was a young mother, but I could not have the days when I could love her as a young husband, so I must resolve that grief through you. When you represent your country and the world and praise heaven as the sons of God with authority, and when you can praise the teacher, I think that is when I can resolve my grief.

The turning point in the historical transitional period is the home church.

What time is it now? It is a transitional period. What is the home church? It is the historical terminus. Here, the terminus does not mean the end of a failing history but a victorious terminus, the purpose of religion. You must understand that it is the landing point of human cultural history. You must understand that it is the native land of God's heart. You must understand that it is the native land of the heart. From here, humanity, which has wandered, finally has a native land of the heart. Do you understand? Yes. You do not have a native land of the heart. The place where you were born is not your hometown. It is the native land of the heart, the gateway to open heaven, and not only that, it is the place where you can inherit everything from heaven. It is the place of inheritance, the place of glory. You must understand that it is a place where you can inherit. This transition will become a starting point for me.

What must we turn back with? What must we turn back with? We must turn back as the global sons and daughters of God, as the sons and daughters of God who govern the world.

Now, the steps that were going to the factory have changed to where? The home church is Golgotha. Jesus went through the Golgotha of death, but you must go through the Golgotha of bitterness. You must go through the bitter Golgotha, the complicated Golgotha. Just as if Jesus did not have the content of the son of God while carrying the cross, God could not resurrect Jesus, you must carry the heart of the son of heaven and navigate through these difficult environments... It is difficult. It would be nice if the teacher could help, but he cannot help. You must go on your own. You must carry your own cross. Jesus said, "If anyone wants to follow me, let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow me." You must overcome yourself. You must accomplish all of that. Do you understand? Yes.

This is a historical transitional period, and where is the turning point? The home church. What attitude should we have now? It is not "the son of God." It is Golgotha, the bitter Golgotha. You must overcome it and move on as the resurrected son of God. You must be alive and resurrected. Only then can I become a missile that can soar into the heart of heaven, just like a satellite is launched from Cape Kennedy. Do you understand? I must become a missile of the heart and land in God's heart. That is our highest ideal, amen! Can we do that? Yes.

Our young ladies might think, "Since we are engaged, we will be blessed this time." Is the blessing busy? What is busy? Oh, the blessing is busy, oh, what is it? I know you want to caress and kiss, but you must understand that your home church is busier. Before you cross the peak of the home church, you cannot hold a glorious wedding without the right of resurrection.

So now, all families are at stake. The 36 families are all common. You must do it. Even Jae-seok must make his wife work and somehow get his children to cross over. You must set conditions to cross over. It is all common. The teacher said so, so what? Will you do it or not? Yes, you will do it. Will you complain or be grateful? I will be grateful. You speak well. How much have I bent over backward to make these stubborn ones able to speak? What should I say? How much oil have I had to extract? Anyway, thank you. (Laughter)

So do not die, and let us meet the day of victory so that the Republic of Korea can praise and the world can praise. That day is not far off. I have laid this foundation for the past ten years, so think about what will happen when I turn 70 in ten years. When I talk about this, you might think that you will just fantasize and fly around... But if you fly around, indemnity will not happen. You must feel the pain and say, "Oh, what is this?" and... "Oh, a hole has opened! It has swollen!" You must go on like that. The teacher has created this much of a dream until now, so it is no longer a dream. It is a factual matter, right in front of your eyes.

Knowing this, please make a fresh start this time and absolutely do not retreat... Now, I am also providing living expenses... I might provide living expenses for a month or two, but I might not provide them after that. (Laughter) Even so, I do not complain before God. Will you complain? If you are boasting of the authority as the son of God, will you complain if the teacher does not provide living expenses? Will you do it or not? Who do you resemble? Do you resemble the teacher or yourself? "I resemble the Father." You said you resemble the Father, but if you are the sons and daughters of the Father, can you not resemble the Father? You must resemble Him in some way. When the Father dies, you should at least let out a cry.

But what about the teacher? Even if he does not provide, he must become self-made. It is not the character of "help"; it is the character of "need." You must help yourself. I have also become self-made.

So, what about you? Will you complain if you are not helped? "Complaining is a death sentence." A death sentence is when you are about to die, but you are not about to die now. "No one will complain." So, will you complain or not, you rascal? "I will not." Everything is okay. (Laughter)

Then I can feel at ease wherever I go. If I do not have money, I can provide for a month and then not provide anymore. (Laughter) Who laughed out loud? Is that you, Mr. Moon? That guy is managing money from the foundation, so it seems good. "Ahaha," did Mr. Moon laugh? Who laughed out loud? "I laughed." Right, that is wrong already. Why are you laughing out loud by yourself? "Oh, it is good that he said he does not have to give money." (Laughter) Is that why you are laughing out loud? (Laughter) At that time, you should be quiet. This is the Moon family, sitting here with a mess. (Laughter)

So, we are crossing the river like this. Do you understand? When crossing the river, if you say, "Oh, husband! Hold me!" both will die. You must kick with your feet. (The subsequent words are not recorded.)
I express my sincere gratitude for your attendance at the International Conference of Unification Scientists in Korea. Korea is also my homeland. You will think of the sacrifices made by the soldiers of the 16 countries that participated in the Korean War. Although Korea is a pitiful country divided between North and South, it is also a country of great significance. I hope you will come to know and study Korea and Asia.

What I am about to speak of should be understood as a high-level religious discourse rather than a political one. 

Unification of the Upper and Lower Classes in Human Society

In today’s human society, there are various forms of conflict and struggle. There are class conflicts based on race, ethnicity, or social hierarchy, among which the most serious issue is the division between the rich and the poor. 

In the Northern Hemisphere, centered around white populations, the population of developed countries in the West is approximately 800 million, belonging to the upper class globally. In contrast, countries like China, India, and other Asian nations have a population of 3 billion, occupying a middle position. Additionally, there are 500 million people in Africa, Central and South America, and Oceania, primarily consisting of black populations, forming the economically poorest lower class. This economic disparity is the most serious problem in today’s world and is a topic that is always addressed in the context of the so-called North-South issue by organizations like the UN.

The most feasible way to solve this problem is to center the unification of the upper and lower classes around Asians, who are positioned between the white societies of the West and the black societies of Africa. In the 20th century, all significant problems must be resolved on a global scale. From this perspective, the question arises: how can we encourage the upper class to willingly come down to the lower class?

Moreover, it is a certain fact that humanity has historically progressed towards resolving the gap between the upper and lower classes. A representative example of this trend is communism. The ideology of communism aims to eliminate exploitation between classes and to build a classless society. However, the greatest problem with communism is its atheism, as it seeks to construct such an ideal world on the denial of God. Additionally, communism is problematic in that it attempts to do everything based on the private intentions of certain dictators.

To overcome these issues and find new solutions, we need to depart from the humanism we have adhered to thus far and embrace a new ideology based on theism, that is, a new core. A central function that aligns the upper and lower classes with this core is needed. This is precisely religion. A religion that aspires to save the world must fulfill this mission rather than focusing solely on the salvation of individuals or families. To unify the various layers of society, a religion that serves this central mission is required.

So, what kind of religion is the Unification Church? It is indeed a religion destined to undertake this historical mission. For this purpose, I have walked the path of pioneering. It is historically inevitable that many people in the world desire to meet.

The Civilizational Position of the Korean Peninsula

The Earth we live on is divided into land and sea. Among these, peninsulas are geographically positioned as intermediaries connecting continents and oceans. Therefore, historically, peninsulas have always been noteworthy locations for the formation of civilizations. The ancient civilizations of Greece and Rome, as well as the civilizations of Spain and Portugal on the Iberian Peninsula, developed on peninsulas. However, such civilizations must expand globally today, leading to the emergence of a new East-West civilization. The Korean Peninsula in Asia is the birthplace of this civilization.

The direction of world civilization develops as it circles the globe. That is, it moves from the continental civilization of Egypt, to the peninsula civilizations of Rome and Greece, to the island civilization of Britain, and then to the continental civilization of America, before advancing westward across the Pacific to the island civilization of Japan, ultimately converging on the civilization of the Korean Peninsula, connecting to Asia. The culture that is consolidated here will create a high-level culture that will give birth to a new world.

Japan, as an island nation, was the first to establish Western civilization in Asia. Next comes the era of peninsula civilization. The Korean Peninsula is the place where Eastern and Western civilizations converge. As historian Oswald Spengler pointed out, civilizations have repeated cycles of rise and fall, akin to the seasons of spring, summer, autumn, and winter. We are now at a time when the era of Atlantic civilization is passing, and the era of Pacific civilization is arriving.

Geopolitically, Korea is located at the center of the four major powers: the United States, Japan, China, and the Soviet Union. The United States is making great efforts to counter the Soviet Union. The Soviet Union occupies half of Germany in Europe, dividing it into East and West, and in Asia, it rules the Korean Peninsula by splitting it into North and South. However, the confrontation of these four powers is centered on Asia, not Europe. Therefore, the United States finds itself in a position where it must pay more attention to the larger continent of Asia. Given this situation, I believe Korea will play a fundamental role in resolving the fate of confrontations from all directions.

Let us now look at the potential of reality. The Korean people are strong in justice, religious, and highly capable, demonstrating abilities in various fields. When they encounter obstacles, they have the adaptability to boldly and courageously shift their direction elsewhere. These can be seen as outstanding characteristics of the Korean people.

I was born among this Korean ethnicity, and the Unification Church has developed against this background. We believe that as a historical fruit, we must fulfill a global mission that integrates the upper and lower classes centered around the yellow race. The Unification Church is equipped with sufficient religious content to satisfy this purpose. For this goal, I am determined to do my utmost in every field, anywhere in the world.

The Absolute Value of God's Love

To unify the upper and lower classes historically, the upper class must assimilate the lower class, and the lower class must elevate itself to the upper class. For this, a central point of absolute value is needed. That is the love of God.

What is the love of God? It is something that can be shared with the highest of people as well as the lowest. The love of God is never one-directional. The love of God is a force that operates in a spherical rotation. It can freely move from the highest to the lowest. Wherever it appears, it is welcomed by all from the whole. And it achieves assimilation anytime and anywhere.

Moreover, the love of God holds absolute value anywhere and anytime. When we are with the love of God, we are happy, and everything is fulfilled and guaranteed. Even in the lowest places, we can love the highest people, and while in the highest position, we can love those in the lowest position. It is thus extremely free. A person who is in the love of God will be warmly welcomed wherever they go in the world. This is why members of the Unification Church are willingly followed by people from their hearts wherever they go.

The Unification Church has brought salvation from the love of God. And if the new ideology proclaimed by the Unification Church is recognized as far superior to both communism and capitalism, and if the kingdom of heaven on earth is realized through the love of God, all people will willingly accept it.

To truly understand the current world situation, one must understand the circumstances of Korea, which holds God's will. This is because everything in the world is symbolically contained within Korea itself.

For example, the four major religions—Christianity, Buddhism, Confucianism, and Islam—along with the major ideologies of democracy and communism, all exist and reach a high level in Korea. It is the point of intersection of Eastern and Western cultures, and the political powers of the four major nations collide here. Everything symbolically exists within Korea itself. Korea inevitably bears the providential destiny to unify all these elements.

In conclusion, Korea must overcome four major tasks centered around the unification movement. First, the unification of religions through an inter-denominational movement; second, the ideological unification through the overcoming of material communism via the victory movement; third, the cultural unification through a new lifestyle that merges Eastern and Western cultures; and fourth, the economic unification through a new ideology.

Our unification movement will form a unified world by loving all people with the absolute value of God's love, realizing the kingdom of heaven on earth. Here, the creation of the new world desired by God and humanity will be completed. Only through the love of God can true victory, true peace, and lasting happiness exist.

The Future of Asia Centered on Korea

In regard to the four points mentioned above, Korea has the ability to unify them all through the unification movement. Among these, it can be said that the first three points are already being realized. However, regarding the final economic issue, efforts are currently underway to achieve this. Korea is now experiencing rapid economic development.

However, it cannot yet be said that it has reached a global advanced level. So how can this be achieved? Achieving this is the mission of our unification movement. For this purpose, I am trying to combine the highly developed mechanical technology of Germany with Korea's industry. Spiritually, the unification movement has already succeeded in connecting Japan and the United States. The United States and Europe are already culturally connected.

Until now, God has made efforts to achieve this providence, particularly reviving Germany and Japan economically after World War II. Especially, Japan has become an economic powerhouse today. Even Germany is threatened by Japan's economic success. If Germany is to defend itself, it has no hope other than to collaborate with Korea to produce high-quality goods at low prices to sell to Japan and to involve the Third World in a common interest circle. If Japan is included in this, a new path for global economic unification will be opened.

In reality, as long as there is a policy of invasion by communist forces in the world, there can be no arrival of world peace, nor can economic unification be possible. If Korea, the United States, Germany, Japan, and China unite, they can collectively resist the invasion of the Soviet Union. Of course, China is currently a communist country, but it desires to maintain friendly relations with Japan and the United States and Germany for its modernization. Historically, China has never wanted to approach the Soviet Union.

The United States is hastening military buildup to counter the Soviet Union. It is trying to ally with Japan, Germany, and China, but Japan is not showing enthusiasm for military buildup due to past circumstances and domestic issues. In contrast, Korea, from its current national position, is very eager for military buildup. The United States may consider Korea as a pivot, but Korea alone is too small, so it may think of combining Korea and China as a pivot for defense against the Soviet Union. China desires to develop its heavy industry, but its foundation is weak, so it will take considerable time.

Even if China tries to introduce advanced industrial technology from Germany, the geographical distance is too great, and the cultural differences are significant, making it a very unreasonable endeavor. However, there is a good choice for China: to utilize the 3 million Koreans residing in Northeast China.

In this regard, we can significantly utilize the technologies of Korea and Germany, which is why the Unification Church aims to connect Korea and Germany. Korean expatriates connect China, Japan, and the United States. Given Korea's historical context, it has never invaded other countries, so China will likely have no reservations about forming an alliance. Although Japan may not wish to strengthen its military, it has the technology and capability to produce weapons, which can be manufactured in China.

Here, we reach a conclusion. If Korea takes on a role with the Unification Church, it will transfer the technologies of Japan, Germany, and the United States to China to strengthen defense against the Soviet Union, and connect the highest technologies to the Third World, moving towards a peaceful world.

These countries will understand that connecting through Korea is beneficial in many ways. In this way, an economic union of the three Asian countries can be formed, while simultaneously connecting with the United States and Germany, thus preventing the threat of Soviet communism and paving the way for victory. Korea will also become a new base for East-West civilization and emerge as the center of Pacific civilization.

My Proposal

With the conclusions drawn above, I would like to present one final proposal. It is to construct a major Asian highway from China through Korea to Japan and to build a major highway connecting to the entire world. This refers to an international highway circle that connects the Korean Peninsula to the Japanese archipelago through a tunnel or railway, ensuring freedom of passage across Japan.

If this is constructed, the three Asian countries can literally be connected by highways and become unified. This will facilitate frequent exchanges of economy and culture, literally forming an Asian civilization community. China will support this, and both Korea and Japan will undoubtedly agree. The United States and Germany will also naturally participate.

If this proposal is realized according to the ideology we advocate, free movement will be possible among the peoples of Asia, and as a result, North Korea will have no choice but to abandon its ambitions for invasion through military force and choose the path of peaceful unification. This will achieve the solidarity of Asians and connect the upper and lower classes centered around the yellow race.

To materialize this ideal, we will unite the Korean expatriates residing in Japan, the United States, and China to form a technological alliance. This will automatically align the directions of Japan and the United States, developing a highway circle based on a new economic foundation that guarantees freedom worldwide. Thus, the ideal of connecting the upper and lower classes, which has been a historical aspiration, will be established, and the great migration of the yellow race will be realized.

We aim to realize a practical unification economic sphere centered on the absolute value of God's love from this point in Asia, combining Eastern and Western new civilizations to implement peace in a new world.

As Western civilization seeks to combine with Eastern civilization in this transitional period towards a new Pacific civilization, I sincerely hope for the insight, understanding, and concrete cooperation of the distinguished individuals from over 100 countries attending this memorable Unification Scientists Conference in Korea. Thank you.
When reflecting on whether it can be maintained, a world peace without a transcendent humanity is unthinkable. 
From this perspective, I believe that it is precisely now, in this era, that new theories regarding existing social and economic structures must be established. 
Moreover, a new international economic organization should be created to prevent the enormous economic waste and losses of the past, and to promote land use planning worldwide from the perspective of "the world and humanity," thereby granting the right for all humanity to enjoy peace and happiness together. Thus, an ideal world should come, and permanent peace should be realized so that every human being can enjoy a happy and prosperous life. 
Here, I propose the construction of an international highway connecting East and West under the grand proposition that "humanity is one family, one brother." 
Starting with a plan to connect Japan, Korea, and the Chinese mainland through South Asia, the Middle East, and Europe to the Soviet Union, it aims to create a direct land and underwater route between all countries of the world. Additionally, a pneumatic tube system (600 km/h) should be installed in the central part of the highway for freight transportation, while major cities would also serve as airports, and immigration offices would be established at interchanges to implement a simple and rapid entry and exit system with no visa required. 
On both sides of the highway, a neutral buffer zone of over one kilometer should be established, setting it as a territory that transcends borders, and creating recreational areas for users of high-speed passenger cars (250 km/h) and tourist buses, thereby advocating for a terrestrial paradise that binds the world together through "super-speed." 
This vision is part of a concrete plan to realize the ideal world as soon as possible, and through this, scientists can also contribute to the happiness of all humanity and world peace, thus creating a new cultural world by binding the world into a single daily living zone. 
By doing so, the future world will enable remarkable economic development through the birth of a new international economic organization and order, allowing humanity to utilize the time gained from a prosperous economic life for leisure. Through this, humanity will understand and learn from nature, give thanks to God, and transcend races and nationalities to love and support one another, ensuring that the ideal world will surely come. 
This world is what God desires, a world that aligns with the principles of unification, and the ideal world that humanity yearns for. 

Our Family
Today, since only family members are present, I will speak under the title "Our Family." I have a bit of a sore throat, so I ask for your understanding. 
A family is formed around the love between a man and a woman. 
As you all know, a family is formed by one man and one woman. It is the love of the man and the love of the woman that centers around which the family is established. 
The origin of the family did not originally start from a man or a woman. It began far back from our ancestors in the beginning, from our human progenitors, and if we trace it back, we reach the first ancestors, Adam and Eve. Adam and Eve were not born on this earth by themselves; they were created. They were given birth. When viewed from this perspective, it connects to something beyond that. 
Therefore, when we look at it from a religious standpoint, if there is a God, it is through an absolute God that we humans were created. This created humanity was not made as an object for use. It was not created for some species or other purposes. It was created as the substantial embodiment of God's ideal. 
What is the content of that substantial embodiment? It began solely with one man and one woman centered around love from the perspective of children. Then, what is the love centered around God's ideal? Since God is eternal, that love is eternal. God Himself was created as the substantial object of joy. 
If God has senses, if He can see, hear, feel, or speak, then when He speaks, it is not just for the sake of mere words. He would want to speak words of love rather than words of circumstance. In seeing, He would want to have a vision that can stimulate love, and furthermore, in listening, He would want to hear things that have the content of love rather than just ordinary sounds. The same goes for feeling; we cannot help but think this way. 
Since God is omniscient and omnipotent, He does not need knowledge. Of course, knowledge is necessary, but God already possesses all knowledge. He has power and strength that surpasses any limitations. Moreover, since He created all things, there is nothing in the material realm that He does not possess. In this light, if there is one thing that is lacking, it is that He does not have an object of love. 
Love cannot be done alone. Even if you are a man, no matter how wonderful you are, if you have a burning love in your heart, that love is not for yourself. Love is established only when there is a counterpart, an object. 
In this regard, ultimately, God is the same. If God experiences loneliness, what would He be lonely about? Loneliness means being in a position where one does not possess the ideal love they long for. That is why He is lonely. If He is joyful, what is the reason for that joy? It is not because God lacks anything, and sadness does not come from lacking something; it is simply because He has not attained love. 
Then, what was the motivation for creating all things? Why did He create? It is not because God felt some joy in creation and wanted to see this or that. He is the one who can see with His heart without needing to create. Therefore, all created beings were made for the purpose of love, to find greater satisfaction and joy through the object of love. 
The creation of an object was not because God longed for that object, but rather so that humans could see that object and feel joy. Since humans are such beings, the substantial world was created so that beings with substance could enjoy the objects they see. 
Thus, all created beings have a purpose for existence, which is to follow the path of God's love, to illuminate the path of love, and to glorify the path of love. Therefore, even the smallest creatures began through love, live through love, and come to an end through love. They reproduce through love. "I am love at the beginning, love in the process, and love at the end!" This is how all worlds develop according to the law of circulation. Therefore, if love is excluded, all existing beings have no meaning of existence. 

Humanity as the Embodiment of Love

So, who is at the center of all things? Who is the center of all things? It is humanity. What kind of being is humanity? Humanity appears as a relative value before the omniscient and omnipotent God (the subject). Humanity is the embodiment of love, a being that can shine light like a lighthouse. That is what a person is. 
When we talk about people, there are men and women. However, looking at the world today, people speak, see, hear, feel, act, and live for the sake of eating, making money, or achieving success, but all of that is fleeting. If you take love out of it, everything is meaningless. 
What I strive for is to illuminate love even more. If I am in the position of a wife, I aim to manifest glorious love centered on my husband. How precious is that? Even if the position of that wife is miserable or in a difficult place, the path of shining love she seeks remains a history of glory. When viewed this way, one becomes solemn about that position. All beings bow their heads. If a husband is doing difficult work, it is for the sake of his beloved wife, and in that position, everyone bows their heads in submission, wanting to praise and honor. 
When we look at the birth of one man and one woman, it is the same. Why was a man born? A man was not born for the sake of another man. The structure of the body was not created to please men. It was born so that women could like it. Women like strong, masculine men. They want hair and beards. That is relative. On the other hand, men prefer women without beards. They dislike things that are similar to themselves. No one likes a woman who is like a man. Similarly, no woman likes a man who is like a woman. Everything is relative. 
Even when laughing, the laughter among women is different. Even if they laugh in a flat manner, it is not deep. It is just a casual laugh. However, when laughing with a man, it is a three-dimensional laugh. I don't know, but I think so. When men laugh with each other, they laugh in a casual manner, but when they laugh with women, it has depth. That seems to be the case. Therefore, if love is removed from here, it will become a wasteland and a desert. It is not that a woman's beauty becomes a sandy desert. 
When one looks at the round moon rising in the garden and feels sentimental, saying, "Ah! The moon is beautiful!" while looking at the face of the person they love, saying, "Isn't that moon beautiful?" and receiving a simple reply of "Yes, it is," everything becomes filled with beauty. However, if women say, "Ah, isn't the moon beautiful?" and receive a "Yes, it is," it does not fill them. What does that mean? Love is subtle, love is mysterious, love is harmonious, and love is all-encompassing. That love is better than eating, better than playing, better than resting, better than singing and dancing, and better than fighting. 
Where can such love be realized? It can be realized in the family. Now, when viewed this way, all beings in the world are acting. If you look, everything is acting. Everything acts like a compass, but what is all that action directed towards? It may seem like they are acting on their own, but everything is directed towards love. 
All things in heaven and earth are like that. When you enter a mystical realm, you can connect with all things. However, there are realms where you cannot connect. When you feel bad, when there is no feeling of love, if you try to connect, everything closes off. However, when the heart of love is open and you try to connect, everything opens up relatively. 

All Existence Exists for Love

In this light, all things began for love and exist for love. Even a puppy we raise at home is like that, right? There are several people living in that house, and the best-looking person is the grandfather, the next best is the grandmother, and the ugliest person is the one who feeds the puppy. However, the puppy does not like the best-looking grandfather. It likes the person who loves it. The one who cares for it, worries about its sleeping place, and takes care of it is the one it likes the most. You can tell that the puppy is happy by its wagging tail. 
What does that say? It does not like someone because they have authority or because they are excellent. It does not like something just because it looks good. It does not understand what love is, but even the smallest creatures come to find love, opening themselves up and changing their entire appearance to resonate with it. That is love. Isn't it? The puppy wags its tail and tries to lick with its tongue, changing its appearance in that environment. Such power exists in the world of love. 
Now, what does that say? If God exists, how wonderful must He be? How much of a person must He be? Think about that. In terms of personality, God is probably the greatest. In terms of knowledge and scholarship, there is no one greater than God. If we consider degrees, He would have thousands of PhDs. Also, in terms of power, He possesses strength that surpasses historical figures like Genghis Khan or Napoleon. 
In all of human history, there is no one who possesses a multifaceted personality like Him. If He smiles and rejoices, what does He rejoice in? If He dances, what does He dance with? With love. Therefore, God also needs love. 
You see, if I stand here on the platform, just talking aimlessly without anything, people would think I am crazy. However, when I see something small and feel joy, that is not the act of a mad person. It speaks to the relative value of how great that joy is. In terms of value, it may seem very small, but it contains the potential for universal participation in that value. When one possesses such love, reciting thousands of poems is valid, and dancing and singing in various forms is normal. Isn't that so? 

When Love is Involved, Everything Can Be Transcended

Now, when it comes to family, if you enter a family and see a woman who looks like a piece of cut radish or a snowman with eyes like this, ears like that, a nose like this, and a mouth like that, and if she speaks, she just babbles, you might think, "Is there such a woman?" How dry and tasteless would that be? And if we talk about men, they might be like a stubborn pot. When they speak, they just grunt, and their fists come out before their words. A blunt man is of no use. When you think about it, what does that mean? It means they are just one of the many dried-up men, and the woman is just one dried-up woman, both of whom are worthless. If left alone, no one would pick them up.
This is all it is. If you throw it away, even a mad dog won't bite it. Not to mention a healthy dog. It's useless, completely useless. Isn't that right? It's useless. It's something unnecessary. However, when love is involved, you just want to believe and believe again, want to touch and touch more, and want to pull closer for fear of drifting apart. 

That's what love is. It's absolutely essential. Even if there is love, there should be more love, if it's good, it should be better, if you say something, you should say more, if you laugh, you should laugh more, and in every matter, you should give and receive more. Such a mysterious power resides in the world of love. Therefore, among those who love each other, they transcend day and night. I say this, but I don't know if it's true. The truth is probably like that. The place of love is more precious than reading a great novel in the world.

Nowadays, people prefer the two-piece skirt and jacket, right? What do women like these days? Silk? Even if someone wears a beautifully patterned silk outfit that makes anyone open their mouth and say, "Ah! Wonderful," if that outfit is not from a loved one, it feels cold. What do you think? Doesn't it seem that way, grandmothers? Grandmothers all have their hearts of love and their pockets of love shriveling up... (laughter) But they will understand the words. Isn't it reasonable to think so?

In this light, what does God like? What on earth does God like? What does God want to see with His eyes, what does He want to hear with His ears, what does He want to smell with His nose, what does He want to say with His mouth, and what does He want to touch with His hands? It's the same as you. It's the same as you. He wants to touch and interact with those He loves.

Then what kind of world is the one where God lives, a world centered around God? If we think from here, it is a world equipped with elements that can help love. So, when there is air, what kind of air is it? It is the air of love. Wouldn't love's air be good? It's the air of love. Today, the air we breathe in this world is ordinary air. Of course, there is life within that air, but the kingdom of heaven where God resides is a place filled with the air of love, connected with elements that can match the rhythm of love.

Therefore, there cannot be a person who does not possess the love's nose, love's eyes, love's mouth, love's ears, and love's touch. If such a person exists, it would be boring. It wouldn't be good. Even if such a person were placed in heaven... You see, right? There is a balloon, right? When you put hydrogen in it, it slowly rises. It rises, but how high can it go? At first, it seems like it will rise infinitely, but there is a limit to how high it can go. It stays where its weight and balance are maintained. It remains within the airspace of its kind. The same goes for the spiritual world. A greedy person goes down. It's heavy. That's why hell is a place where heavy things gather and collide. That's how it is.

Therefore, today, human beings on earth are inevitably seeking the eternal world while pursuing the ideal world. And we feel that we are the embodiment of love in the earthly world and possess the qualities to connect with higher love.

Religion is a training ground for achieving love. Humans must possess both internal and external qualities. Religion is for playing that game. What becomes a training ground for achieving such love is religion, religion. That's why religion talks about compassion, right? So, someone like Buddha said one must be compassionate. And Confucianism speaks of benevolence. One must be righteous and kind. Moreover, Christianity speaks of love. That is a higher dimension than what is required in today's materialistic world where people live. People are pursuing such things. Where does the source lie? It must be connected to love.

What is remarkable about Christianity among religions? What is remarkable about Christianity is that it pursued God as the subject of love. It pursued God like a husband in heaven. Furthermore, it is bound in a relationship of wealth.

When God Himself thinks, if humans manipulate and say, "God is my Father"... a father who only has a body is not needed. When we say Father centered on love, God also thinks. Isn't that something to think about? When we say, "God, Father!" and call, "Father!" it already connects everything. Isn't that so? It transcends oneself. It transcends the source of the life from which I was born.

When that happens, what does it center on? Not the father who gave birth to our bodies. It is the holy "Father" who allowed me to participate in loving my mother. Therefore, I am a participant in my parents' love. Thus, parents cannot abandon me. 

Because I participated in the most precious position of my parents, I have the right to share the most precious things on this earth. Therefore, when they die, they inherit to their children. Why do they inherit? Why do they inherit to their children and not to others? Because they are partners and participants in love.

So, in that sense, when we call "Father!" if we seek a father greater than the father who loved our mother with a higher love, would that father feel good or bad? No matter how gruff and unappealing he may look, if we have that loving heart and say, "You are my father," would God say, "Hey, you!"? He would say, "That's worth considering." He would say, "Your words are wonderful." He cannot help but think that way.

From that perspective, the fact that today, through religion, we have discovered the name of God as the Absolute and have given it as a term of relationship with humans is remarkable. The path of filial piety that can shed tears wanting to see that father, the path of loyalty in taking responsibility for the difficult issues in governing this world, and the path of saints to save humans who cannot have liberation in the realm of good and evil centered on heaven and earth—all those paths must be based on love; otherwise, they are useless. They are useless. Isn't that so?

What is a filial child? A filial child is not someone who simply brings food when the mother is hungry. Today, in Confucian customs, people greet their parents every morning. Greeting should be done because one wants to see them; doing it out of obligation is not filial. All actions supported by love are resolved in goodness. However, all actions taken without love are not resolved in goodness but in evil. They become pretentious. Pretentiousness becomes evil.

So when you are born as a man and live your life, what is the title of that life, and what do you live for? If you say you live for true love, this is first treated as good. When you say you live for true love, all forms and contents that appear are treated as within the realm of good.

If you go to a market, back in the days of evacuation, women from Pyongan or Hamgyeong provinces were all selling goods. They were fierce. "Do those people act like that to eat? Are they so fierce and desperate just to eat?" If the answer is "yes," then "Ah, they are doing that to eat." However, if someone has ten children and is fiercely and desperately doing so without giving a penny discount for their beloved children, that can be tolerated. Do you understand? Even if I was deceived there, I can forgive it. If, on the contrary, someone does it for their own greed, to eat and dress well like a pig, then they would be scolded as a scoundrel. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

The path of love is the path of self-sacrifice. Just hearing a word from a loved one can help overcome ten years of hardship. That's amazing. Based on a promise made with a beloved husband or wife, one can overcome for ten years, or even a lifetime. Do you understand what I mean? The more difficult and harsh the process of overcoming, the more miserable it is, the promised love takes on a higher dimensional value. Do you acknowledge that? Do you think so?

Here, if someone named Mr. Seon asks, "Why are you suffering so much until now?" it is not for anything else. It is to follow the world of God's love, the world of God's mainstream love! That is the mainstream of the way of saints, the mainstream of the way of loyal subjects, the mainstream of the way of filial children, and the way of truly loving couples.

The flow of that mainstream is small but flows down like water from above. Therefore, following that direction, it establishes a relationship with the world and the universe forever, flowing eternally. If you welcome that flow, you do not try to block it. That flow wants to flow through you, wanting to go through you. Even if you are in a mountain valley, you think, "Ah, it would be nice if the water flow passes through our house on the ridge!" That thought exists. No matter how deep the valley is or how high the place is, love is the desire for it to come over and pass by.

Do Unification Church members want to see the teacher? "Yes." Why is that? For what reason? "What do you want to see? You scoundrels!" It’s okay to curse and kick them. That is the secret of the Unification Church that does not exist in the world. Even while shedding tears, they still want to see. Even if they say, "You scoundrels, don't look!" they still look. (laughter) That is the Unification Church. So, they say everyone is crazy. It’s strange.

Why is that? Because there is a heart that pursues the love of nature. It is because they pursue the love of nature. The love of nature does not lead to the conclusion of "Oh, I don't want to see" even if you look at it forever. True, genuine love does not lead to the conclusion of "I don't want to see" even if you look at it forever until your eyes pop out. "Oh, I want to see more. I want to see. I want to see..." This leads to becoming intoxicated with love. Even when listening, it is not, "Oh, it's 12 o'clock, 2 o'clock, 3 o'clock, I should sleep," but rather, sleep runs away.

Therefore, the world of true love is not a world of sleeping, nor a world of resting. It is eternally moving, and is that which is better than resting and worse than sleeping? "Good." The world of true love is better than resting, even better than sleeping for 12 hours. You want to see more and more, even if you look for a thousand or ten thousand years, you want to rub your eyes and see more.

Therefore, God will envision a world of true love that cannot be left for even a moment, a world of true love that cannot be escaped for even a moment. What kind of eyes are those? They are not angry eyes. What are they? They are not "full face." They are "full eyes." The eyes are filled with laughter, and just looking at those eyes makes you say, "Beautiful." God would be like that too. The ears may look like they are shaped like those of a donkey, but when you see the ears that truly listen and enjoy your words, those ears are beautiful. There is nothing that is not beautiful.

Our families are wonderful because the love they possess is wonderful. Now, think about it, the families you have today... Are there six families missing from the 900 families here, or is it 894 families? "Yes." If there are just six families here, it makes 900 families. Oh—there are quite a few. This group of people! This is the group of the Unification Church. When established church members see them, they will say, "Those crazy people, all of them must have been matched by Mr. Moon." (laughter)

What is wonderful about the Unification Church? What is wonderful about the Unification Church is that even without dating, they decide in an instant, not after 10 or 20 years. Our innocent Unification Church members, when the teacher says, "Do this and that," they just do it. I wonder if there would be anyone who feels unpleasant about that.

The teacher's eyes are small and deep. Therefore, in terms of glasses, they are like telescopes. (laughter) When you look at your eyes and my eyes, my eyes have a bit more depth and distance. And I know how to see people. I know how to see people. When I look at someone's nose or mouth, I can tell immediately. There is such a history. When I was young, the young men and women in the neighborhood would come to me with their photos... Since I was young, I have been matchmaking, and now that I am older, matchmaking is common. (laughter) When I ask, "Do this woman and that man match?" if I say "no," then it is bad. If I say, "Ah, this would be good," then it is good.

Such a person, someone like me, is now over 60, has experienced all the ups and downs of the world, knows the depths and shallows of life, and has gone through all the valleys of joy, anger, sorrow, and pleasure, and can stand in such a seasoned position. So when I look at young people, I can tell, "That guy is a good one. That guy's child needs this guy." I can know all that. I might make someone feel upset by saying this, but since I am 60 years old and have grandchildren, it’s okay.
But at first, it may not seem right, but just wait for three years. So, when I arranged it, you see, the productivity becomes one hundred percent, which is a problem. They keep giving birth. (Laughter) Recently, all 430 families gathered, and I asked, 'Who here doesn't have children?' and only two people raised their hands. 'Why don't you have any?', 'They died, they died. My husband died, my wife died.' That's why they can't give birth. (Laughter) In the world, one might have an affair and have children, but you see, even if they are members of the Unification Church, dying is something no one can prevent. 'Oh, can't you arrange it so they don't die?' they might say, but that's destined to happen. Whether they die young or later, everyone is bound to die. That's something no one can change.

Now, when I think about 'our family,' I wonder if Unification Church families are wonderful? What is the opposite of wonderful? Is it not wonderful? (Laughter) What is the opposite of wonderful? Are Unification Church families wonderful or not? (Laughter) Let's get to the practical answer. Are they wonderful or not? "They are wonderful." They are wonderful. Why are they wonderful? Is it because they follow a certain person? "Yes." You fools! (Laughter) No, that's not it. Just because they follow me doesn't mean they are wonderful. They are wonderful because of the love you possess. As a member of the Unification Church, as a husband, the crown of love I have is like that. As a wife of a Unification Church member, the crown of love I have is like that. Do you understand?

God is lonely because He couldn't fulfill love.

When looking at a man, I don't see him as an animalistic male. Do you understand? An animalistic male. When he appears all rough and tough, he looks like an animal. I don't want to see him at night, I don't want to dream about him, I don't even want to think about him. However, I think of a rough man as God. I think about the fact that God made him that way, that He created him like this. For whom? Not for others, but for me. Why? Because of love.

What kind of love is good, the love that bites or the love that just holds on? Ladies, answer me. (Laughter) Let's speak frankly. This is about our families, and it's obvious that we should cover it all up. But when you look closely, you know that men are like that and women are like that too. Is it better for love to just hold on quietly, or is it better for love to bite? (Laughter) Why are you laughing? (Laughter) Is it because you know it's a country of Eastern propriety but still don't say it? Today, it's polite to speak. (Laughter) What do you think? Is it better for love to just hold on quietly, or to bite? "I prefer biting." I asked the man, did I? The woman should answer, because you can't trust a man who is like a thief. What do you think, ladies? Raise your hands if you are married, married people? (Laughter)

Now I have to go to Busan. I don't have time. I don't have time to chat and talk. I need to finish quickly. What do you think, Elder Jang? It's been a long time since you lost your husband, but what do you think? What do you think? "Biting love." Biting love. (Laughter) Is it better to bite and chew, or just to bite and stay still? (Laughter) Let's ask that. Is biting and chewing love better? Or is it better to just stay still and scream, "Oh my!"?

Even doves make a fuss when they love, and you might wonder, "Why are those doves making such a fuss?" but that's a lesson, a lesson. No matter how dignified a person is—there must be professors here—they might think, "Why is Reverend Moon talking about such vulgar things?" But those people are false. People who think that way are superficial. (Laughter) Let's talk openly.

Perhaps in the future, someone will secretly record conversations in a wealthy neighborhood, and with a microphone set up to echo throughout the neighborhood, we might hear how beautifully they love... the cooing sounds of doves will be heard, and who knows, we might find out everything. Who would criticize if they lived explosively with their partners? Who would criticize? Would God criticize? "Hey, love a little more decently," He would say? (Laughter) Those who are here for the first time might think, "That person is really blunt!" but I am blunt. (Laughter) God also likes bluntness. What is the opposite of bluntness? There is no opposite, right? Since bluntness is the best, there is no opposite. (Laughter)

So when God truly loves, will He love quietly without making a sound, or will He shout? Will God shout or not? If He shouts, will the whole world be shocked or not? The entire world will be caught up in it. If God loves and everyone dances, the atmosphere of love will be such that the universe will be enveloped in it, and everyone will be caught up in it. If God's wave of love, the tidal wave, were to hit humanity on this earth, what would happen? What do you think? Such a thing should happen, but it hasn't.

That's why if our human ancestors had not fallen and had centered on God's love, in a position of one hundred percent goodness, and had created ripples in rhythm with that, those ripples would have lasted forever. When you throw a stone into a calm pond, and you tell the leaves floating on the water, "Hey, you can't move," no matter how much you command, the ripples will inevitably move.

The universe and this earth have never experienced the ripples of God's love. Have you ever been immersed in the ripples of God's love? Have you ever entered the Unification Church and followed along countless times, whether at night or during the day? Have you experienced that? Some people have, right? That only happens in the Unification Church. Even if you are criticized, that experience is indescribable. And then everything becomes a new world. It becomes a world that dances for me. Now, how wonderful would that be? What is the fall? It is that the brake was put on the world of love's integrity and love's laws.

God did not become a lonely God because He lacked money, knowledge, or power. He became a lonely and sorrowful God because He could not fulfill love. Today, the God of established churches is thought to be sitting on a high throne, always peaceful and always filled with joy. What joy is there in a world without a counterpart?

When we see a widow living alone in the world today, we feel sorry for her, right? Elder Jang, living alone must be pitiful. When we see a widower... Do they call them "hobarebi" in Gyeongsangdo? We feel sorry for them. Why do we feel sorry? Because they have no counterpart, that's why they are pitiful. All their children have married and they are left alone, gradually fading away in life. Isn't that so? (The recording briefly cuts out)

When you are about to enter where the teacher is, and the guard says, "You can't go in!" you would be really frustrated. When you see Lee Jae-seok and Moon Ahn-kyung guarding, you would feel annoyed, right? Honestly, tell me. Are you annoyed? "Yes." You wouldn't say you're not annoyed, would you? You are annoyed but have to say you’re not. Anytime, 24 hours, day or night, you want to be close to the teacher, right? Isn’t that true? If you are not that kind of person, raise your hand. If you are not that kind of person, raise your hand. Those kids are just after money. Everyone is like that. They should repent for blocking that and when they face the teacher, they should have the joy of meeting him after a billion years, and should approach with a heart that dances. But what about this guy? What about Moon? Every time they meet, it feels bad. They don’t have a heart of love that captures the wrinkles of heaven and earth; they are thinking differently. They need to understand that.

The ancestor of the family that leads the clan, even if he has dozens of grandchildren, loves all those grandchildren and even the puppy living in that house. This is a grandfather who can lead a big family, but if a little earthworm is acting up, how annoying is that? Yoo Jong-young is happy, but that kid is just happy alone! That’s how my children are too.

When you enter your family and think about your husband, how do Unification Church women think of their husbands? The husband is already God. He is the man who inherits the first masculine aspect from God's dual characteristics. Starting from one man, Adam, and passing through countless generations, this has been floating around like clouds, circling the world hundreds of times, and somehow met in front of me.

Water, you know, consists of hydrogen and what else? "Oxygen." Just like oxygen needs to combine with hydrogen, if I am oxygen, there must be a hydrogen molecule for it to become water. To become water, I can't just have oxygen; there must be a presence of hydrogen that floats around and eventually sticks to my forehead. That hydrogen, when I think about it, is hydrogen that evaporated from a toilet. (Laughter) Does it feel good? Does it feel bad? Does it feel good or bad? But if oxygen thinks, "I wish I were the hydrogen that rises from the king's breakfast table, not the toilet hydrogen," then it will never become water. In that situation, whether it's toilet hydrogen or any other hydrogen, it should be happy.

Everything is in a relative relationship.

These days, when people look at their counterparts, the first thing they notice is the eyes. They look to see if they are good-looking or not. That guy’s eyes are like goblin eyes. Does he think he is good-looking? When he sees that girl, her face may be a bit flat and wide, looking like an ice plate or a pot, but whether it's her hands, feet, body, or butt, there are plenty of things that are better than him, yet he only sees the worst and says, "It's bad." That thief! If you say it's bad, how many good things are there and how many bad things are there? If you compare them, since there are fewer good things, you say it's bad, only seeing one bad thing, and because your eyes are bad, you say it's bad! There are many men like that.

Also, no matter how ugly a face is, if it smiles beautifully, that smile can draw everyone in. If a man’s smile can make even the world's mutts run away, then how can you say anything bad about that woman? That thief! You need to be able to see all that.

Furthermore, when you hear a voice, it sounds like it could break hundreds of earthenware pots, and you would want to run away because of how they speak. But when you see a woman, even if her face isn’t that great, when you hear her voice, it’s very charming. What is precious in a person is their speech, their hands and feet. For women, what should be well-shaped? Their buttocks should be well-shaped.

Why does the belly button keep trying to stick out? (Laughter) I’m sorry. It’s so natural that it flows, and it’s not awkward. (Laughter) Yesterday, after the scientists' conference dinner, I had this pair of glasses set up, and it was supposed to stay still, but when I turned around for a moment, it fell over and got stuck in my pocket. When I pulled it, it popped up, and I ended up putting on a show. It was so natural that the audience couldn’t help but laugh. They were all mesmerized. (Laughter) So someone said that everything was scripted in the program. (Laughter) Natural laughter and actions were in harmony.

So now, let’s reflect on your eyes, those eyes! Amen! "Amen." Here, Kwak Jeong-hwan thinks that Yun Jeong-eun is too tall, and if he thinks, "Oh, that’s too tall," he won’t be able to live. However, when this hand writes poetry and draws pictures, the skill melts the world. Do you understand that? "I understand from listening to the words." You rascal! (Laughter) What do you mean you understand from listening? You need to know by seeing and feeling. Can you live with love that you understand just from words? "I lived with many good things." That’s true. In fact, all of that is precious.

When you look at someone's eyes, they might look like this. Some have sharp, thinking eyes, while others have eyes that blink sideways. Those who have eyes that blink sideways have no luck from their ancestors. They are born with various backgrounds. You need to be able to see that.

So, the young men and women I arranged for are now middle-aged, and they all have children, but because they are having too many children, they are asking me for food. (Laughter) They say, "We gave birth to them, but you need to feed them." Where is that law? (Laughter)

They have a lot of greed. If I eat well and live well, they will come and say, "Why are you eating well?" and try to take it away. Is that how it is? They should work harder than me... I am trying to save the world while doing this clowning. They are saying, "Oh, Teacher, help me!" because they can’t feed a few of their children. They are kicking me away. Are you supposed to help me, or am I supposed to help you? What do you think? Is that right or not? "That’s right." Is that right or not? "That’s right!" You understand that.

If your husband is your husband, he is already half of the universe. The harmony of the universe is created by the combination of plus and minus. In the world of movement, a relative relationship must be established. In the universe, there is action, but which comes first, force or action? That’s the question. Even in today’s scientific world, they say the universe was created by force, but that’s not true! Action comes before force.

To act, what must happen? Action cannot happen alone. Plus and plus cannot meet. Action can only be established in the relative relationship of plus and minus. The fundamental nature of cosmic phenomena is not based on force but on the initiation of some action that expands into the world of harmony. The formation of action cannot happen with just plus. Since action begins when plus and minus interact, there must be a subject and an object in action; this is how it is viewed. Therefore, everything has an object.

Men are born for women, and women are born for men.
Is it something that men need? "Men," is it something that women need from men, or is it something that men need? Honestly, let’s talk about it. Is it something that men need, or is it something that women need? "It is something that women need." Women are born because of men. They come into existence because of men. Originally, they came into being because of men, but they do not realize this. Furthermore, the starting point of men is because of women. The starting point of women is because of women, right? Isn’t that so, ladies? (Laughter) Why are you laughing? Isn’t that true? "That’s right." 

The voice is delicate, the body is slim, and the hands are pretty… Among our ladies, one person said that she was once proposed to by a son from a distinguished family, and when she went to meet him, a shy maiden cannot lift her face and look straight, can she? She bowed her head and looked at her hands, and they looked like women’s hands, women’s hands. How unpleasant is that? She didn’t even look at his face and gave up. Women dislike things that look like women, right? Isn’t that so? "Yes." 

It’s all relative. Women like men’s hands to be rough and hairy. Do women like men with beards? Women probably feel uncomfortable about that. (Laughter) I don’t know. That’s just how it is, naturally. It’s all like that. If a woman has hair, how unpleasant is that? Men would scream and run away if they were men. (Laughter) To achieve some harmony, it has to fit perfectly inside and out. 

That’s why the creature called woman was not born originally for women! Is there any dissent regarding this? (Laughter) Who were they born for? "For men." Yes, for men. Then, they should die for men too. If they were born for that, they should also die for men. If they were born like that, they should live for men too, you guys! (Laughter) There’s no objection to this. Even if there’s a doctor here, he cannot deny it. 

And, gentlemen! Men like to be elevated, right? Holy men, (Laughter) who were you born for? Who did your beard grow for? "For women." Isn’t it bothersome to shave? "Oh, this beard is such a hassle to shave every day," but if you think, "This beard grew for my beloved," how good does that feel? While shaving, if you think, "Oh, it’s unfortunate. I have to shave today because I’m needed," how wonderful is that? 

Also, men have broad backs and shoulders; who were they born for? Women like broad shoulders. I have a daughter named Yejin, and her younger brother Hyunjin has broad shoulders. They say he’s handsome. Oh, the woman who marries my brother Hyunjin will be very fortunate! That’s what I think. (Laughter) Shoulders and backs look very strong. 

Women feel attracted to men’s shoulders; that’s how I see it. Isn’t that so, ladies? "Yes." Then, what I think isn’t wrong. Women like men with thick necks. When you think about it, God made lions like that because they represent masculinity. That’s what they like. 

What do men like? On the contrary, they like hips. (Laughter) When they see women’s behinds, it naturally becomes that way. Men feel attracted to that. (Laughter) It looks good, judging by the smiles. It’s true. (Laughter) 

When I see a woman in a hanbok… The other day at a scientist conference, they gathered women for a lecture, and my mother wore a hanbok, and her behind had a curve… (Laughter. Applause) There’s something sublime and unspoken about that. Does Jaeseok feel that sometimes? "Yes." (Laughter) So, Korean women’s clothing has a beautiful curve. That’s how it is. It’s all relative. 

So, for men and women to come together, it should form a rectangle ideally. Men should be broad at the top and women should be broad at the bottom to fit that rectangle perfectly. That’s how it is. Therefore, husbands with women who have big behinds will be happy! Amen! (Laughter) Even if that behind is unattractive and unpleasant to look at. 

Also, women have a lot of flesh on their behinds, so there’s cushioning. (Laughter) How much will their behinds stick out when they squat down? That’s why God must have thought that if a man sits for too long, it would be a disaster; if he sits too long and his behind sticks out, what happens? He has to jump out. When you think about that, it’s truly mysterious. That’s all for what purpose they were made. 

Men and women, through love, are meant to resemble God’s image. So, when Unification Church women love their husbands, they think of God. Isn’t that so? Their husbands resemble God. Although God cannot be seen, through seeing our husbands, we can see God. Therefore, God has masculine qualities, and at the same time, He has feminine qualities. God also has qualities like a wife. I only know masculine qualities because I am a man, but when I look at women, I can see that God has such characteristics. Thus, when a couple comes together, they can depict God’s image when they are united in love. Think about the image of a man and woman harmoniously drawn together, one with big eyes and the other with small eyes. Do you understand what I mean? 

What happens if a woman tries to attach her breast to her husband? What would happen? If her husband looks like this, try attaching her behind to him. Her hands, her arms… Try drawing that on her husband’s face. Do you understand what I mean? I’m saying to try that. How fun would that be? The more you draw, the more interesting it becomes. It’s not unpleasant. Attach her breast and try putting her little hands on it. The face is her husband’s face, but she puts her eyes on it, and her nose on it, and harmonizes it into one work of art. Ah, God would love to see that. Do you think about such things? Have you tried it, or not? "I haven’t tried it." 

It’s not fun. It means you have no artistic sense. (Laughter) That’s why now men should sculpt, but also paint, drawing their wives’ hands on their faces, their wives’ feet on their faces, and their wives’ behinds on their faces, and then think about it. It’s exhilarating. It feels good. Why? Because it’s their beloved wife. 

Also, although the husband may look fierce, he draws his husband’s face and matches it. The face is her face, but the neck and back are her husband’s neck and back, the chest is her husband’s chest, the hands are her husband’s hands; try drawing that. There’s nothing more interesting than that. I think the future art of the Unification Church will develop in that direction. 

When you look at Western art, it’s all women’s faces and bodies, but they should draw something that combines men and women harmoniously. Therefore, even when drawing eyes, think of her husband’s eyes while drawing her own eyes first, and if her eyes are small, she should draw big eyes as a shadow. 

Even when a woman draws her own face, if she thinks of her husband’s face while drawing, it has a sense of embodiment. God loves that. In God’s love, there is love for both men and women. Only when they love do they resemble God’s image. Only through love do they finally resemble God’s image. Without love, they cannot resemble God’s image at all. Therefore, what people like is not their own image. 

Centered on love, the closest thing is the couple. 

Jaeseok, how many children do you have? "Four." Four, but when parents brag about their children, they brag more about those who resemble them, right? But? If there’s something good, they say, "It’s because they resemble me," right? "Yes." Isn’t that so? So, honestly, tell me! "That’s right." 

That’s right. (Laughter) Good things are all said to resemble oneself. Even if the sound of laughter is nice, they would say, "That’s because they resemble me; you don’t resemble me." 

My mother and I do the same. "So-and-so resembles me. They are vigorous and good at sports, and in every aspect, they have the qualities of a champion because they resemble me," and at that moment, my mother can’t say anything. (Laughter) That’s not a bad thing. Even if boasting is done, doing it with love becomes a condition for praise and a topic of conversation. Thus, bringing all the connections of the world into our family blossoms, and what should we say about our family? It creates an atmosphere of love. 

Whose face does your husband resemble? "God." Although you haven’t seen God, you should know that your husband’s face resembles God. So, how many things does he resemble? We all have two eyes. God’s eyes blink too. One eye resembles, and then? God’s nose is not flat. It’s prominent. Likewise, God’s nose is also elevated like our husband’s nose. Nose resembles, and then? How does God’s ear look? The ear resembles too. What about the mouth? God’s mouth resembles too. What about God’s hands? They resemble too. Walking around is the same. 

So, the fact that God appears to be the master among many men in the universe, yearning for the love of this woman, is astonishing. Do you understand? Do you get it? So, before women get married, they tie their chests, what we call in Korea as tying with a skirt string, and keep it secret, but after marriage, they open their chests and offer everything to Him. Therefore, the body is not her own body. It is His body. 

Those who deny that cannot be accepted anywhere. That is denying oneself, denying the foundation of one’s existence. That cannot stand within the theoretical realm of the ideal world of this universe. 

Resembling God, and then who do they resemble next? Our Unification Church women, they all like the teacher, right? Not everyone would like him, right? Some of them would like him. So, who do they resemble? "Father." They resemble their father, their father. They should know that they resemble the father who gave them birth. Then, who does their husband resemble? He resembles his own father. He resembles his father, and when you think about who that husband resembles, you can think that he resembles our father. 

Then who does he resemble next? He resembles his older brother. He resembles his older brother. Next? He resembles his beloved younger sibling. He resembles his vigorous younger sibling. Then, when they go to school, their husband resembles the teacher. Also, he resembles the president of our country. Do you understand what I mean? Then, he resembles Teacher Moon of the Unification Church. He resembles. Does he resemble or not? "He resembles." He resembles. 

Resembling God, resembling the king of that country, resembling the teacher who taught them throughout their lives, resembling their father at home, resembling their older brother, resembling their younger sibling… The one who represents all of that, manages me, protects me, and appears as my master is the one who loves me more than my father, older brother, younger sibling, teacher, or the leader of the country; centered on love, he is the closest person. Do you understand? Do you think that way? 

Unification Church women should love their husbands more than God. 

Now, ladies, when you pass in front of your husbands, have you ever walked solemnly as if passing in front of a king of any country? Honestly, have you ever done that? Have you ever offered something with all your heart, like a gift you’ve worked on for a thousand years, to your beloved? 

Also, have you seen your husband as more than your father, who gave you life on this earth and raised you, sacrificing everything without regard for his own troubles? Some women in the world sell their bodies to educate their younger siblings, and some women go to the brink of death to save their older brothers, but have you sacrificed everything for your husband, more than for your older brother and younger sibling? Reflect on that! What is it? "Amen." 

Do you love the Unification Church teacher? "Yes." So, have you seen your husband as more than the teacher? If you are married, you should love your husband more than you love the teacher. I didn’t teach you to love me more. Did you ever put in the same effort for your husband as you do when you prepare gifts like chickens or other things for the teacher? Have you done that? Did you? "……" 

So, the love you draw is fake love, fake love. It is fake love. Men who live with such women will probably find it incredibly boring. They will have to live in a desolate, dry, and flavorless life, like chewing on sand; that’s the conclusion that comes out of it. 

When was the last time you were intoxicated with love for your husband? Has your husband looked at your face, your body, your whole self, and been completely in love, feeling that his life is worthwhile only because of you? Have you ever thought about becoming a woman who can make her husband say, "I cannot feel the worth of being born except for you. Meeting you and loving you and becoming the master of a family is a proud position that cannot be exchanged for anything in the world"? Have you thought about that? 

Unification Church women, when their husbands come back after being busy evangelizing, after being out for 24 hours, they lie down with the baby beside them and say, "Oh, you’re back? You are the spirit of the Principle, so no matter how much I neglect and mistreat you, you can’t leave me and get married," right? (Laughter) So, from that way of speaking… Even when the husband comes back tired, they lie down and say, "Did you eat? The food is over there, so go eat." (Laughter) That’s often the case. If it were me, I would kick that away. Think about it, ladies. Haven’t you done that? 

Do you know how many women in the world live their lives with one husband, like a nine-tailed fox? They are always putting on makeup, day and night, fearing that someone will take their husband away. Even when they go to the bathroom, they look in the mirror, wash their face, and look in the mirror again, preparing so much, but they are being chased away. But Unification Church women act like a heron’s nest, and they become crazy cousins saying, "Aren’t you going to love me?" (Laughter) It’s unpleasant and makes them feel bad even in dreams, yet they boldly say that they are not loved, saying, "The Principle says to love more than anyone else, but oh, the teacher said to love more than anyone else, but what about you? You don’t love me?" That’s what they say. So, I receive a lot of accusations from men. 

Although the teacher has worked hard, Unification Church women are neither pickled radish nor side dish. They are not tasty as women. You all need seasoning, right? Seasoning is salty, spicy, sour, and what else? Sweet. That’s right. Do you have something spicy? Do you have something sour? The taste of love is the harmony of all flavors. When it’s spicy, it’s spicy, when it’s salty, it’s salty,
When it’s sweet, it’s sweet, and when it’s sour, it’s sour; that’s how it should be. What’s with women who have no charm? Especially, there are no women as uncharming as Korean women. (Laughter) My mother is not like that; my mother is. (Laughter) She is very charming, my mother. There are many things I need to learn from my mother. 

Now, let’s reflect for a moment, everyone. Over 50 and over 40, blessed for over 10 years, let’s take a look at the records of the past in our notebooks and analyze one or two things and critique them. Yoon Samsung! “Yes.” Who is it? Do you like Shin Ok-soon? “Yes.” Even though she looks a bit uncharming, you still like her? “Yes.” Even if she looks uncharming, when you love her, she looks charming.

Women also need to reflect. In leading a family, the leading role of love must be taken by women. It is something women must do. Men are busy running around and when they come home exhausted, they just collapse into bed. They sleep all day long, and when evening comes, their eyes are sparkling, and next to the man, they say, “Oh, what kind of man is this, what kind of man is this?” (Laughter) That’s a story that resonates in the world of men. Men prefer to sleep like lazy pigs. So, women, reflect! “Amen.” Think about it. The male members of the Unification Church, how pitiful they are. They are pitiful. Nowadays, life is tough, and how busy is it to live in this world? Struggling and struggling…

This time, I cut off all 430 families as a special measure, so there are many worries, right? Men have their worries, and women have their worries; there are many worries, right? How do we live? (Laughter) It’s simple. If you don’t die, you live. (Laughter) It’s simple, simple. Is dying easy or living easy? Living is easier than dying, so we naturally live. (Laughter) That’s what I think.

If you put in the effort to live, you will live. Just sitting around and dying is easy. I believe that making an effort is better than not making an effort.

So when you think of your husband, think of him like God, and then what? Think of him like a nation’s leader, and then? Like your father, and then what? Like your older brother. And then what? Like your younger brother. You need to think of him as the best champion among all the men you know, the one who comes to protect and accompany you, the one referred to as your husband in the Unification Church. Therefore, he is not someone you only need during the day or only at night. He is someone you need for your entire life. Whether you go through valleys, climb rugged mountains, or cross waters, he is the one you must go with. Moreover, he is the one you must go with into the eternal world.

The life of a blessed family is training to align with the ideal standard of the original homeland. We are different. Life is simple. In front of God in the eternal world, couples must unite and become partners that match the rhythm of God’s heart. When they go to that world filled with the air of love and become a couple that can absorb all that air of love without conflict, what will they become? What is it? They will become a halo of glorious love that God likes. A halo of love will emerge from that couple, which God can praise. God will follow them. God will be with them. To achieve that ideal standard of the original homeland, blessed families in the Unification Church are living their lives today.

That’s why you must be together 24 hours a day. There should be no room for thinking of anything else. When you go to the bathroom, you have to leave them behind, right? When you go to the bathroom, you should say, “Come to the door and guard it!” and the wife should go and guard it. If she says, “Oh, that terrible smell… it’s always like this,” then she is not qualified as a wife. Even if that terrible smell is there, if the husband likes it, she should learn to appreciate that smell without saying, “Oh, this smell is awful.” (Laughter) Why are you laughing? Love has the ability to digest everything, whether it’s the smell of poop or anything else.

I’ve seen that. I had a younger brother who died when he was young, and I loved him, but he got sick with measles and died. They say if you smell poop, you die, right? Our mother used to taste my brother’s poop every day. I can never forget that. Can I taste my mother’s poop now? Not yet. That’s the truth. It’s still far away. Because I cannot regard it naturally without the sense of poop, I think I still haven’t fulfilled my responsibilities as a husband.

What about you, Lee Sang-heon? Since you’re a doctor, if there are germs, that’s a big problem, right? In that world of love, germs cannot even move. (Laughter) Germs can’t budge. That’s the kind of world it is. A long time ago, the president of the association said something to me. Is Sagilja here? “Yes.” Even when trying to love, there’s fighting. When trying to love, they say, “You, go take a shower!” and that’s when all the mood is gone. (Laughter) At that moment, it’s love, feelings, and everything else is just desolate. That’s what he said, Sagilja? I heard it from the president of the association. It’s embarrassing to say, but let’s be honest. Did he say that or not? Sagilja! Did he say that or not? Why are you bowing your head and staying quiet? Is it a lie or the truth? “I can’t remember.” You can’t remember? (Laughter) Do the tigers living in the mountains take a shower before they love? Do they brush their teeth before they love? They love naturally… God would like that kind of love. I like that kind of love too. “Oh, you stay there. I’ll go put on my makeup,” and then what… 

When we go to that ideal world… In that country, before God, couples become one person, with one being the inner person and the other the outer person, and when the couple becomes one unit, one person, in front of God’s personality, they become the eternal object of love, like a single cell, and can shine. God will be eternally present among them. That is the ideal of God’s creation centered on today’s families! Amen! 

Wives must have a connection that their husbands can never forget. 

Now, I’ve spoken only to the women until now, but the men have all been educated through that, right? Men should play from the opposite perspective, from the opposite perspective of what I said to the women! Amen. “Amen.” So, men, you said amen, but let’s talk about it. Don’t men compare their wives to women they see on the street every day? Honestly, do you? “Yes.” (Laughter) Do you compare? “Yes.” How many times a day do you do that? (Laughter) Honestly, let’s talk about it. How many women do you think there are? On average, it’s probably more than ten. Isn’t that right? 

These Unification Church women… The nature of men is to want to see the faces of women who are well-dressed, stylish, and have nice colors. That’s the nature of men. It’s not a bad heart. God is like that too. However, when all the attire and mannerisms are perfect and the face is beautiful, it’s like “Wow!” (Laughter) That’s how men are. That’s how the men I know are.

At that moment, what about their wives? The husband thinks, “Ah, my wife has a beauty that cannot be found in any other woman. She has a deep, ideal personality. Even when I look at her eyes, no one can follow her; her nose is flat, but when she smiles, the curve around her nose is beautiful, and her smile is something that no one can imitate.” If a man does not have such impressions, it’s really difficult. To understand that aspect, men must seek it out intentionally. If not, they will stray. They will stray.

Men see hundreds of women in Seoul every day and compare them all to their wives. However, even after seeing countless women, they must become a queen who can reject them all from one to a hundred. “If I were to marry that woman, I could never wait as much time as I do with my wife. Whether I see how she treats me with sincerity or how she cares for me, she is not as good as my wife.” That’s the kind of woman she must become. Even if there are difficult circumstances in the family, she must be able to say that my wife treats me with sincerity.

If a woman has the inner standards to eliminate all those comparisons, that’s amazing. Don’t men have temptations? There are many temptations. There are plenty of fish in the sea. They are everywhere—caught in the feet, arms, ears, nose, and mouth… If a man is just a little good-looking, it’s everywhere. Are there no rich daughters of wealthy families? They are everywhere. It’s easy to get caught up in that. In such a difficult situation, the husband must have a connection that makes it impossible for him to forget her. Does he have that?

Unification Church women just threaten. What they say sounds like threats, threats. “What’s that? The teacher always… If there’s a principle, even if you run away, you should come back quickly.” There are women who go to the north and don’t write a single letter for a year. It’s good to believe in that. You must understand that. Among countless women, you must strive to have a deep, static content that can reject them all.

Of course, women are like that too, right? Women are like that too, right? When women go out and see handsome men, do they not compare them to their husbands? Do they? Isn’t that right? “No.” If you say no, that’s a lie. You must be honest. Now, just because you’re older, saying “Oh,” that’s how it is. Even butterflies fly to find good flowers.

Unification Church blessed families have cosmic connections following them.

In all those environments, you must have something deep that can overcome everything gloriously centered on yourself. Do you understand? A secret vault. You must create a vault that only you can open and only your partner can open. Even if you have those environmental conditions, can you not feel a bit resentful? You must strive to allow each other to go as they are.

That’s why after fighting or arguing, if there’s something wrong, you must apologize for everything, and when you say you were wrong with a thousand years of resentment, you must go to that place that draws deep content in the future. If you encompass that, the ideal family that God desires can be possible. You can head straight toward your original homeland and fly there. Think about it.

So from now on, our Unification Church men should write diaries about their wives. Unification Church women should write diaries about their husbands. So that they can report to God, they must become husbands and wives who can report to God… Without loving their sons and daughters, that family is an unhappy family. Do you understand? “Yes.”

Meeting like this is not just a coincidence. This is not an individual connection. It’s not just the connection of the Unification Church; it’s a cosmic connection that follows. Among nearly 40 million Korean people, the fact that I met that person is a miraculous event.

In this generation, I may be unfortunate, but through the next generations, through the first generation, second generation, and tenth generation, there may be a purpose to leave descendants who can lead the world. If I meet someone I like, there may be descendants who betray the nation in the first, second, or tenth generation, but when I love the person chosen by God, a saint who can move the whole world will emerge in a few generations.

Therefore, to align with that, we must build bridges. It doesn’t matter what shape the bridge is, whether it’s a stepping stone bridge or whatever; that’s not the issue. The purpose is to cross over. The couple must build a bridge for the great cosmic achievement of the future through their bloodline, for the day of great achievement in the providence of heaven. The couple must firmly stand in that place and become a foundation where the providence of heaven can pass safely. They must become such amazing couples. Do you understand what I’m saying?

Become a qualified person who can inherit the history of love.

So, when getting married, you want to find a good person, but if you have the heart to love even a less attractive person, heaven will cooperate. I would rather serve this husband than that one, no matter how charming he is; I will sacrifice everything to create a historical pattern in my life. That’s the kind of beautiful heart that history works with. Heaven is surely looking for such a foundation. The same goes for men. No matter how women are, they must walk that path.

Husbands have a connection that can unify with heaven and earth. Even if you don’t know it on earth, in the spirit world, they will recognize this value and treat it accordingly. Therefore, you must know that your husband is more precious than any saint who has appeared in history. No matter how much you believe in Jesus, your husband is more precious than Jesus. That’s how heaven sees it.

Jesus said to love me more than anyone else, right? After loving Jesus more than anyone else, you must love your husband more than anyone else. At that time, if after loving Jesus, Jesus says, “Hey, you shouldn’t love me anymore. You should love your husband more than me,” then that Jesus is not a person of heaven. Do you understand? Ultimately, what does that mean? In order to create the best husband and wife, Jesus was needed, and today, God’s providence of salvation and religion were needed. In other words, you must love your husband more than Jesus and more than your parents. Parents who educate their daughters to love their husbands more than their fathers and mothers are the right parents. “Hey, that child is messed up; throw him away!” That’s all against the natural order. That’s not a lesson. It’s a misguidance.

Everyone, do Unification Church members listen well to the teacher’s words? “Yes.” So, do Unification Church wives listen well to their husbands? Let’s see a show of hands from those who listen well. Raise your hands. If no one raises their hands, it seems like everyone doesn’t listen. You guys are like that. Don’t you listen? Do you listen or not? “We do.” Then why aren’t you raising your hands? If you listen, raise your hands! You foolish ones need to be scolded; you need to be beaten with a stick to understand…

That’s why Westerners and Easterners are different. Westerners are different. When you ask Westerners, they are honest and say yes or no. If you ask them if they are hungry, they say they are hungry. Korean people, when you ask them if they are hungry, even if they are hungry… (He gestures humorously.) Why do Westerners first…
Do you receive blessings? It's because you are honest. Eastern people are hesitant. Western people say, "Are you hungry?" and they respond "Yes," and when asked, "Do you want to eat?" they also say "Yes." And along with "Yes," they extend their hands to ask for it. (Laughter) So, because God gives first, Western people are doing well. When Eastern people are asked, "Are you hungry?" they are cautious. Even if asked, "Do you want to eat?" they just respond like this... So, it's quite pitiful. (Making a face while speaking) (Laughter) 

Yes, from today, things must change. There are many women who serve their husbands at their own whim among the women of the Unification Church. Look at the stories of virtuous women from the past. There were many women who would purify themselves and pray for three years to serve their husbands. How many people have devoted their intellect to serve their husbands, carrying a thousand years of resentment? Think about the women of the Unification Church. How absurd is this? Do they have the qualifications to inherit the history of love? Even with this, they complain and say this and that...

When men roam the streets, what do you call that? Is it called a nine-tailed fox? It's a fox, but what kind of fox? A nine-tailed fox. How many of those fox-like creatures are there? As soon as they get a bit slick, they do all sorts of tricks to catch someone. They struggle desperately to avoid getting caught and now they are coming back, and the wives come and say, "What are you doing?" Men’s world needs a bit of sympathy.

Do Unification Church men and women have style or not? (Laughter) Let's be honest and talk about it. Do Unification Church women have style or not? "No." They don't have style, do they? "Yes." (Laughter) Unification Church women have no style. They think, "What will happen if I go out? I’ll just come back home anyway." (Laughter) If they really had style, I would like to bless them again. (Laughter) That kind of woman does not have the qualifications to live with a good husband. If they are educated that way, their daughters will end up like that too, taking after their mothers. They will resemble their mothers. How can you send that woman off to get married?

Until now, they may not have had style, but from today, things must change. (Laughter) In the end, you must live believing in yourself, and wherever you go, you should have the mindset of being someone's wife, right? You should have the heart of being the mother of someone's son or daughter, right? Now, knowing that, you must lead them to live happily from now on. Men must lead.

Heaven is achieved through families.
Let’s see a show of hands from those who fight among Buddhas. If you raise your hand honestly, I will forgive you. If I forgive you, God might forgive you too. Let’s see a show of hands from those who have fought honestly. (Laughter) It seems like being forgiven is a good thing. (Laughter) Everyone raise your hands. Everyone has fought. A verbal fight is common, but let’s see a show of hands from those who have fought with fists and kicked. (Laughter) I will forgive you all. God might forgive you too. I believe that. No matter how angry you get, you must endure that (hitting and kicking)... Verbal fights can happen in life. You must endure that. If your right foot goes up, and then your left foot goes up, you must endure even if you bite your tongue.

Yoo Hyung! "Yes." That person seems to have a thief-like personality. When I think of that person... In the past, to take revenge on a sailor who opposed him, he knew which room he was sleeping in and threw a big rock at him. When asked, "What if he dies?" he said, "If I thought about dying, I wouldn't throw it." (Laughter) That’s a manly answer. If you think about dying, you wouldn’t throw it. (Laughter) That’s the right thing to say. He threw it because he didn’t think about that. If you think about dying and going to prison, would you throw it? (Laughter) 

Hwa Young! What Hwa Young? Kim Hwa Young? Kim Hwa Young! "She didn’t come." She didn’t come? (Laughter) So, did you hit her? "Yes." (Laughter) Ah, answer clearly. Did you hit her or not? "I did." (Laughter) You shouldn’t do that. In that regard, the Unification Church is different from the general world. This is how history has flowed.

So, the education of children is like... My mother and I never shed tears in front of our children. You must not show them crying. Those children are like God. In life, anyone, even a teacher, has many times when they need to educate their mothers. There are also many times when they need to admonish them. However, mom and dad must never show their children tears. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You love your children, right? "Yes." In the hearts of those loving children, mom and dad are number one. They know that mom and dad are the most precious after God. They know that they are more precious than the president of that country, the greatest saints in the world, or any teacher. Families must go out under that heart. That position is also where God...

Until now, we have been trying to establish heaven. Through what? Heaven cannot be established through a nation. Heaven is established through families. That family is the home where the teacher always wants to live, and it is the home where God wants to live. If the sovereign of that nation wants to live there, then the owner of your family must know that they are the king in that family. The husband must know that he lives with the royal authority of the family. The wife is the queen of that family. Therefore, they must love their children as a king loves his subjects, and as God loves all things. They have the responsibility to raise them with love 24 hours a day, day and night. Do you understand? "Yes."

But if the two fight, what does that mean? It means there are two kings. It is the same as the nation collapsing. Under the joint declaration, the two must unite and leave behind the tradition of family kingship before the standard established by heaven, and that responsibility lies with the man and woman, with the couple, with the parents of that family.

To love as a couple is to love all people.
So, who do the parents live for? They do not live for themselves. They live for their children. Only then can they qualify as parents who inherit the authority of kingship. If this had been expanded, if there had been no fall, the completion of family kingship would have been achieved. The foundation of the king representing that family would have been extended to become the standard of nation formation, and it would rise to the position of kingship and queenship. In rising, it connects to a representative position that can lead many families, and it rises to the position of national kingship. Living centered on that national kingship means that their mutual love ultimately means loving all people and living with the subjects.

Then, for whose benefit do they live? A king must live for the benefit of the nation. If they stray from this, they will be removed because they have strayed from the heavenly path. This law is undeniable, regardless of whether it is the Republic of Korea or any other country. It is not for the honor of one’s own self. That is the principle.

When it becomes great, it will emerge as a global sovereign, taking the position of a global representative. It will go out to the position of a global representative in an environment where the people of the nation can support and push them. They must become a representative of the world, with the heart to love all people as their own sons, transcending national borders. Without that heart, they cannot occupy the central kingship of the world. It is not a kingship that serves only one’s own clan. It is a kingship that serves all people. That is how it is seen.

Thus, it connects to the heavenly world. That is why there is a term "heavenly world." All people who have lived for millions of years, past, present, and future, must rise up. They must rise to the position of kings in that world. Until they reach the position of kingship in the heavenly world, in the eternal world, they must live not for themselves but with love for humanity of the past, present, and future. When such a king and queen of the kingdom are established, only then will God be present and become one. This is how it is seen. Without connecting the foundation of kingship expansion, one cannot receive the ideal realm of love that can dwell with God. That must be connected.

Therefore, families exist for the nation. The path our Unification Church is taking is like that. We must sacrifice families for the nation. Even if the nation opposes us and there are all sorts of difficulties, the teacher is walking that path. I may not be satisfied with everything regarding the nation, but I endure and walk on. The Republic of Korea must become such a nation, and even if it has not become that nation, we must endure, overcome, and be able to walk for that. That is the path of loyalty. The path of loyalty is not for any sovereign. It is the path of loyalty for the future ideal Republic of Korea. That is how it is seen.

Regarding the world, even though I am of the yellow race... Even if the white race opposes me, it is not for revenge against that white race. It is to transcend the white race and become a sovereign of one world, to comply with the principles and establish the will of those principles. That is why, even if they cannot reach the position of sovereign, there is a path to become a loyal subject from the position of the people. Therefore, the path of such people is not blocked; no matter how high the mountains may be, they will leap over them. The mountains can turn into flat land. You must understand that.

Think of God in the heavenly kingdom as a sovereign with universal kingship, and what is the first training ground for heirs who can inherit that kingship? "Family." The nation is the second training ground. The world is the third training ground, and the spiritual world is the fourth training ground. You are special envoys and children of God who can inherit the kingship of the heavenly kingdom.

You must become a family that can participate in the same position as God.
That is why today in the Unification Church, we speak of the ideal family. And we are heading toward the world. We are heading toward the heavenly kingdom. When establishing the principles of loyalty and filial piety, when standing in a position to represent that kingship, if one cannot stand in that position, they must pave that path. Therefore, when fulfilling the duties of a saint, one must either become a loyal subject of the heavenly kingdom or inherit the kingship of the heavenly kingdom; one must clearly understand that one of these two must happen. "Yes." You must know that there is a path for your family to leap forward and fight diligently. Do you understand? "Yes."

Then what is the center of all those motivations? It is centered on love. When the family becomes a family that can be recognized by heaven and earth, it will be through the world. It will be through the world. Do you understand? "Yes."

Why is love precious? Even if the family is within limited boundaries, if one possesses the essence of love throughout their life, they will rise to that same level. Do you understand? The level of a king who governs a nation, the level of a king who governs the world, and the level of God who governs the universe can be attained through love. That is why humans cannot help but regard love as the most precious thing. You must understand this fact. Do you understand? "Yes."

So today’s title is "Our Family," and the families of the Unification Church are solemn and historical families. This is history. It is a path that must be followed not just for your lifetime but for eternity. You all want to become kings of the world, right? Isn’t that so? You want to become kings, right? "Yes." Our Yoo Sa Don feels the same, right? I heard he has been sick lately... Is that right? Isn’t that so? Even if one is not good-looking, they want to be a representative who can occupy the whole world! This is a common desire shared by all people. How can that be fulfilled? It cannot be fulfilled with money, knowledge, or power, but it can be completely fulfilled with true love. Do you understand? "Yes." If you have that love, you rise to the same level as God.

When that love becomes the foundation of the family, when it becomes the foundation of a family centered on that ideology, a place will surely open up where you can govern and live with countless kings who had kingship for thousands of years in the spiritual world.

Because you have the authority to participate in the same position as God, today many religious people long for love, and humanity cannot live without love, so they are struggling to have love. Knowing this standard, you must inevitably go there. It is a path that must be followed for eternity.

So, while you are alive, it is crucial to create a foundation of peace in your family, and I hope you become the protagonists of a happy family, which is why I am sharing these words.

[Prayer]
Beloved Father, because you love this nation, I believe that today you are urging the mission of the Unification Church before the world. 

The conference of scientists centered around the other day has concluded. I believe many scholars have visited Korea and have seen and felt something, so even if they forget everything, may they have a heart that can love heaven, a heart that can revere heaven, and may they feel something different from anyone else among the members of the Unification Church, so that they can have an unforgettable emotional connection with us, Father, please work in history.

There are many people in positions who are touring the nation, so wherever they stay, Father, please protect them. I am grateful that you have loved us for a long ten years and have kept us safe until now. When we, insignificant as we are, move, heaven worries about us, covering us with the heart of love for the next generation, protecting all environments, clarifying our positions, and allowing all things to unfold according to your will, I can only be in awe.

I earnestly hope and desire that all future paths and events will be connected to your will and will be resolved centered on your will.

Father, may you love Korea even more, and from the 36 families, the 430 families have emerged with new resolutions as the second wave of the three-phase seven-year course, so may their eyes burn with a heart that loves you, a heart that loves the teacher, and a heart that loves the nation. They should not discuss their own positions, situations, or personalities but should burn with a heart that loves heaven and cares for humanity, knowing that only running toward the path of loyalty and filial piety for you is the way to go in the future. I earnestly hope and desire that you bless them.

Today, I believe that the members of the Unification Church scattered around the world are binding their hearts and praying toward this place in Cheongpyeong. May your love for the next generation be with them wherever they gather. Even if the parents return to America, I pray that all the tangled issues centered around the great struggle will unfold according to your will, and may your heart of love be filled every time we pray.

You know the path we are taking, so for the day of victory, we...
I earnestly hope and wish that we may become a group that can go forth, dedicating ourselves without hesitation, pledging our loyalty and fulfilling the duties of loyal servants. 

I ask for blessings upon the gatherings from today onward, and I earnestly request that you bless the worldwide Unification Church as well. I offer all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen. *

**Activity Direction of the Christian Students' Association**

This time, those who know about the Unification Church, to some extent, have all completely surpassed it. Listening to the words of established churches, the government, and others, even if they approach it theoretically, they have completely overcome it. The teacher believes that this atmosphere of transition has been brought about by this scientific conference. It has been pushed forward through scholars, then through the Victory Alliance, and then through the established church pastors and elders, and it has all been pushed forward through intellectuals by holding conferences. 

Now, various avenues are opening up for us to collaborate. The only thing left is to prepare to push forward focusing on Christian professors and Christian students. Now, if the established churches just quietly go about their business, and if the intellectuals of the established churches are bound, and then if only Christian students from universities move and unite, then we will have laid the foundation to connect with society. The homework lies there. 

The holding of this scientific conference has matched exactly what the teacher had anticipated. It will undoubtedly happen. Therefore, we do not need to complain about the government. The government and students will inevitably get caught up with us. The timing will naturally be created. Moreover, from an external perspective, the established churches will completely organize their position to say that they oppose us and are in league with the government. Even internationally, although I have been rumored to be a lackey of the Republic of Korea government, such statements are not recognized globally among international professors.

In various ways, miracles will unfold after this. They shouted, "It's a general!" and instead of responding with "It's a general!" they have taken down the one who approached them, magnificently. They are taking down the soldiers. Do you understand? Such a situation will unfold. Therefore, when you go back, do not worry too much about the government. I believe those people are cooperating in a good sense...

From now on, we need to do new things. So we must persuade those in government agencies and proceed with a long-term perspective. In a few months, those who have a negative stance toward the activities of the Victory Alliance will all be caught up. Do you understand what I mean? If they say something, we can respond, "You all will be exposed in less than a few months, so what will you do then?" From now on, we also need to educate the advisory committee members of the Victory Alliance.

In that education, the content should focus on teaching the principles of the church rather than just Victory education. Do you understand? Yes, we will call the branch leaders and district leaders for education. Now that we have come this far, since we have passed the knowledge of communism, we need to know such things to understand our Unification Church and the teacher, and we should tell them, "You need to listen to the teacher's words to understand what kind of person he is; it will be good for all of you." "Just wait and see; the path we are taking will not be wrong, and no matter how much we are trampled, we will ultimately walk our path." This will become a condition for re-education. Do you understand?

So we need to re-educate from the roads, districts, and villages. This is real, truly. Do you understand? From now on, it is real. The first phase... This is real. When this moves, even those who were previously attached will... When it moves, it will bring in not just one person but two or three. Do you understand what I mean? Yes.

**Activities on Campus Should Center Around the International Christian Professors' Association**

So I have already been planning this since last year. What I have been planning since last year is the International Christian Professors' Association. I created something called the Christian Professors' Association. Since last November, right? Yes. Oh, it took a long time. I had Dr. Yoon do it, but it took so long. I had already prepared the budget, but even after spending all the money, I had to ask for more, and now there is 90 million won left? They built the office for us...

This year, I have laid the foundation to gather over 200 people, so what we need to do immediately is to... We held the founding general meeting of the International Christian Students' Association recently, right? Do you all know that? Yes. We have laid the groundwork to organize 250 members across 46 universities.

We must absolutely not lose this atmosphere. The established churches are trying to oppose us, and now the government is saying, "These kids..." They have been in league with us until now, receiving help, but now they are just throwing a tantrum. They have accumulated a lot of debt and have relied on our Unification Church, yet they are still throwing a tantrum, asking for help and support. They are in that position. Therefore, in this way...

Based on this position, we need to gather about 200 Christian students! If we look at 200 students centered around 50 universities, how many comprehensive universities are there now? "There are 96 universities." Oh, comprehensive universities? "Excluding theological universities..." Only 4-year comprehensive universities? "There will be about 40 universities." If there are about 40 universities, let's assume an average of five students each.

If an average of five Christian professors are firmly established, then based on those professors, if there are four or five students... In any department or faculty, there will be responsible professors. First year, second year, third year, fourth year. Therefore, even if it's just the class directly under them, it will amount to several dozen students. That's why it is not a problem for one professor to recruit five or ten students.

Having already held gatherings with Christian professors, when they sing hymns and pray, they all respond with "Amen" and cry together; there is a connection, a bond. Even if members of the Professors' Academy gather and just cry, there is no connection, but when Christian professors sing, pray, and worship together, there is a bond. If there are five such people, at any time... If there is one responsible professor in the Christian Student Association, it will be organized immediately. Now, if five students organize the Christian Student Association, and we ask these professors to take on the responsibility of CARP (the Principle Research Association), it will be okay. Do you understand? Yes, there is no problem.

Up until now, if we look at our Academy professors, there are over 400 professors, but when we ask them to become responsible professors for CARP, they all back off. "It's difficult." It is difficult. So how far apart are we? Everyone knows that. Now, we have completely tied the professors of the Academy to the schools. Now, they cannot completely deny us. Because we have tied the rope, they will all come along as we pull. Do you understand?

Having done this, what we need to do is to get Christian professors to take action. For example, if they are lecturing day and night at the school, the Academy professors will find it difficult. We have done the work first and created the atmosphere, but the other side will take action first. Then it will naturally ignite. Therefore, they will automatically be unable to withhold support or oppose us. They cannot oppose us. There is no way they can avoid supporting us 100%. 

Even though they are being opposed and are in a difficult situation, the fellow professors will put up signs at the schools, go as responsible professors of student associations, and cause issues, which will make them feel good and lead to support. Thus, it will create an environment welcomed by the academic world. From now on, we need to increase the number of professors in the Academy. 

We need to increase it by about 2,000. Once we increase it, there will be many Christian professors among them. 

After that, we will run all day. Running does not mean running alone. They will prepare food for the students in their classes. There is no need for principle lectures or doctrinal lectures. Five professors will gather and say, "Hey, Christian students, gather today," and they will each hold a session. "Modern pastors and authoritarian figures cannot be trusted. They are all selling out the church, selling out the faith, and have turned everything into a workplace, completely setting aside God's will to create a production factory for their own sustenance. There cannot be God there. If that is the case, it means that God is in the factory producing goods. As intellectuals, we have been deceived until now, but we can no longer overlook it. We must take some measures and initiate a new reform movement."

By instilling dissatisfaction in the students and asking, "What do you think?" they will respond, "What do you think? It feels good." That is how it will be. "Now, those of you who want to participate, sign here." If five professors put up signs and say, "Gather," all those who used to attend the established churches will come together. There will be elders' sons, deacons' sons, pastors' sons, and all those who were caught in that nest. Those kids will gather in droves. "So, should we do this or not? We think we should. We have been at the forefront until now, so you should follow. Support us," they will say. By doing so, when they ask for signatures, everyone will comply.

**The Scientific Conference Becomes the Foundation for Christian Professors' Activities**

Next, we will establish professors and gather them in groups of five... If ten people gather, we will organize them in groups of ten. If a hundred people gather, we will organize them in groups of twenty, and say, "Let's meet again on some day." After making a decision in a meeting, we will start a recruitment movement one by one, so that 200 becomes 400.

Having done this, what will we do next? This time, we will put up the Unification Church signs. I will fund the Christian Professors' Academy. I am the sponsor. All scholars will know that I have a foundation that surpasses any church foundation. That is enticing. If I introduce someone, they can go anywhere to study, and they can also secure research funds. I am a sponsor who can go onto the international stage, and everyone will know that.

Through this scientific conference, it has been completely recognized that we hold the global atmosphere. Do you understand? 

We will also instill motivation in the students. "Hey, hey! All of you, Mr. Moon..." All scholars at the university will know that they should listen to the teacher's words. How many people have been indebted to the World Scientific Conference until now? I have been quiet until now, but if I just take the initiative, if I ask renowned professors from prestigious universities to recommend one scholarship student each, it will surely happen. 

If you are capable and have achievements, everyone will want to send you abroad for further studies. 

If that does not work, if you want to go to seminary, we are now building our Unification Theological Seminary. There are countless ways to study. Now, the permits have come through. Once the permits come through, we will receive government support and go all out. It means we will have the qualifications to go out as foreign missionaries through the U.S. State Department.

Ah, when I speak, I just drool, not knowing if I will live or die, but what is a signature? It is possible to receive all the resolutions. It is a situation where we can receive all the oaths.

Having done that, then we will say, "Let’s try believing in the Unification Church." Until now, we have been criticized and opposed, but despite the world's opposition, the fact that we have laid this foundation with nothing but our bare hands today cannot be thought of as achievable by human strength. It is because God is with us. The established churches are failing, while the Unification Church is developing; it is certain that God's providence in this era is with the Unification Church. Therefore, 

it is going well. Moreover, when you meet people from the Unification Church, they are all different. Even when you look at Unification Church professors, they are excellent. 

So this is a revealed historical fact, and it has become the focal point of contemporary issues. All intellectuals admire and follow the current state of the world, and the fact that they are sitting quietly and observing is a sign of their ignorance. I want you to recognize that. Then, who would say "no"? Who would say "no"? That is where Son Dae-o goes and sheds tears, making an appeal. It will fall in one blow. We are doing the same in America now. We are lecturing in America as well. In six hours, those who believed in the established churches will completely raise their hands and leave. Thus, we will create an atmosphere and bind them.

**To Move Christian Students, Abel Christian Student Associations Must Follow CARP**

Next, we will do it by denomination. By next year, we will somehow create a thousand members. If we can get all the Academy professors to join the Unification Church principles, they will all become Christian professors... They will all join as Christian professors and engage in this activity. This is paired with Academy members, where one side is Cain and the other is Abel. Cain is born first, and Abel is born later, but who should lead? We must save Cain and treat him like an older brother, and when they return, Abel will return as the older brother, which aligns perfectly with the principle.

Also, CARP is the older brother. CARP is not Abel. It stands in the position of Cain. Not all of them are members of the Unification Church. There are CARP members, but there are also those in universities who have no relation to the established churches. However, the Christian students... "CARP members are all family." Well, they are family, but CARP members will all become Christian members. They say they are second, right?

If we look at it as an older brother, when we compare a Christian believer who has become a CARP member and a non-believer who has become a CARP member, which one is Abel? The Christian believer who has become a CARP member is Abel; that is acknowledged, right? "Is it Abel when a Christian member becomes family, or is it Abel when they are not family?" Look. When we consider the time when a Christian member becomes a CARP member and the time when a non-Christian member becomes a CARP member, who is Abel? "Ah, if they become family, then yes. How can CARP be Cain? I cannot understand."

Look. When we look at CARP, if two new people join together, one is a Christian and the other is a non-Christian, who is Abel? "If we look at it from the perspective of joining, the Christian student is Abel." Abel! That is the same as saying that. Then, if they join CARP and the next day move to this side, who is Abel? That is Abel. Do not say things that are detrimental to the conversation. (Laughter) Do you think the teacher would say something that does not make sense? "No. What the Father says..." Ah, well! What came first is Cain. "Father, Cain feels bad." "In seminary, when I clearly heard your words, you said that the Principle Research Association is Abel and the International Christian Students' Association is Cain, but you changed it a few days later..." When did I? "You said that to all the heads of the Principle Research Association. Did you not create the International Christian Students' Association for the Principle Research Association?"
"How can we explain that after discussing everything like this, it gets changed again?" 
Well, until it's made, it's Abel, but after it's made, it's Cain! (laughter) Isn't that right? That's how it is. Just look at the university students. They run harder than the KAFP members. Just wait and see. "Yes, I will do as Father says." It's not just about doing as he says; it becomes that way. (laughter) It is bound to happen that way. Christian students, once they hear the Principle, become the advance team. For an ordinary person to understand the Principle, it takes six months to a year and a half. That doesn't resonate with a teacher who is sitting there calculating mathematically. Isn't that so? Christian students become the advance team just by hearing it for a week. So, it has become a situation where we can organize and educate as much as we want, so how easy would that be? If they get angry, I will make sure to get all the Christian students to join the KAFP. (laughter) "There may not be a division, but we need to see who will take the providential guidance forward with Father's heart." 
Now, when we look at who is moving the Christians in the university rather than moving the university itself, we recognize that the KAFP and the current professors of the Peace Professors Academy cannot move them. Do you acknowledge that? Answer me! "I understand." Right? "Yes." But when the Christian professors and students in the university come together, they can even move the ordinary academic professors and KAFP members. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." We need to recognize that more than 50 percent are Christians. The fact that they are rooted in Christian families is wonderful. If we do this, everything will be over. That's why this is the time. If we look at our providential history, the first generation is passing, and we are entering the second generation. Do you understand? From a providential perspective, the first three-phase seven-year course has ended, and the next is the second three-phase seven-year course, which is more about your generation than the teacher's. It means we are moving on to the next stage of development. 
Let’s correct the established church through the Christian professors and students. 
From that perspective, the activities of the academic professors or KAFP are not centered on Christianity but on the university. Until now, Christian students have not listened, nor have they engaged. Now that it is time to cross over, the heavenly fortune has come together, and this work has begun since last year. It is all principled. Everything aligns with what the teacher has already instructed. We are to create the Professors Academy and the Christian Student Association, sounding the trumpet and beating the drum. 
What follows is that the professors will not just sit still. They will visit the students' homes. Now that all the established church pastors have ruined the established church, the entire 2000-year history of Christianity is about to collapse. 
"Who has created this battleground in Korea? Is it the professors, the church members, or the students? To revive this, even if the parents are not capable, the sons and daughters must do well to correct the family, isn't that true? Since the family is already ruined, to correct it, we must raise the second generation and guide them." This is something that can be understood immediately. So, when I say, "I will do such and such with your son, please support me from home," it will naturally be accepted. 
If we take the Jeongdong Church, we should identify all the students attending universities from there and visit their parents to persuade them, binding them together. After organizing this, we should bring it to the surface. We can only know what is good or bad by getting into the ring and fighting. We can only know what is long or short by testing it. We can only know if it is round or flat by rolling it. That is highly theoretical. It is highly practical. To deny that is a delusion of the times, a misunderstanding. 
That is why we must now recognize the Unification Church. Even when traveling, it is the same for professors. Professors are everywhere in the world, and they are elevating the teacher to the level of God's brother, making a big fuss. This time, everything proposed by the teacher was adopted as a resolution at the World Scientists Conference. Did you see that? "Yes." That is not a lie. Those scientists are not less intelligent than you. They are not inferior to Korean professors either. Korean professors are excellent people who cannot keep up with them. 
Five or six years ago, when I created the academy, there were about ninety-some people, right? I was scolded for issuing a statement. How much has changed since then? We have already approached the international stage. The environment that can move automatically has matured. 
Do you think it would be easy to get those people to adopt a resolution? In South Korea, a proposal made by a person who is not even a member of the opposition party was passed unanimously in the National Assembly. This is a bigger issue. This fact is spreading to all nations of the world. 
So, can the established church say, "That's a lie"? Can pastors or elders say it is a lie? Who can deny this fact? 
Leading the Christian Student Association and the Christian Professors Council in schools and churches 
In this situation, those who say the Unification Church and Reverend Moon are this or that, or that it is a cult, are making a mistake of the times. The saying "it's dark under the lamp" reveals the chronic and decadent national character of our people. It is bound to be corrected in due time. What does it matter if a cousin farms the field? "It hurts my stomach." It’s not just a stomachache; it means something is wrong. It means they are suffering from diarrhea. So, they are embarrassing themselves, self-destructing. It is not just a stomachache; they are carrying their shame. Everyone recognizes this situation now. What can we deny this with? Since we have such good materials, we should recognize it. If we don't recognize it, the scholars' dignity will not stand. 
Furthermore, 180 scholars have connected and published five books about the teacher and the Unification Church. This is not a lie; it is a fact. All the prominent professors in South Korea, of course, have been recognized by world scholars, but the scholars in South Korea all support Reverend Moon, and it is a situation where they are blowing trumpets and dancing. What about Christian students? Hey, you foolish ones! Are you a Christian professor? That trend should be seen as having passed. Do you understand? 
So, when we say to organize, they will say, "Yes." When we say to listen, they will say, "Yes." That’s how it is. That’s why I say to do it right away! If I hadn't told you to do it this time, would you have done it? Because I pushed you, you held the founding meeting of the Christian Student Association and the general assembly, right? "Yes." When will it happen? It might happen next year. It will happen; it is bound to happen! You will know whether you need to take action or not, but if you don’t take action and say it won't work, can it work? It may seem like it won't work, but it will. The Christian Professors Council also seemed like it wouldn't work, but it did. 
Even Lee Jae-seok thought it wouldn't work when connecting with pastors, but it did. It works, right? "Yes." If you don’t do it, it won’t work. If you don’t act with the understanding of the heavenly mandate, it won’t work. Everything is like that. 
So, if we gather about a thousand people and start from now, have we organized all 46 universities this year? Have we done it all? "Yes, we have organized everything as you said today." Hmm, we need to select 50 famous professors from those 46 schools and lead them to carry out a reform movement. We need to say, "Those who are willing, gather!" and welcome Christian students. We should organize branches with the professors who are currently members of the Professors Council. Do you understand? The office is not somewhere else; the school becomes the office. Christian students will be like that. When the chairman is a Christian believer, they will say, "Become a member there. The president should also become a member," and if they don’t, the professors will demonstrate with the students. That will happen in the not-so-distant future. Do you understand? "Yes." 
In my opinion, if we gather about a thousand people, and if one person leads ten, that makes ten thousand. If we have ten thousand, we can gather five denominations and get two thousand from each, which is incredible. Then we will rent the Jeongdong Church. If we say, "Please rent us Jeongdong Church. We need to revive our Methodist university students," who could stop that? Who would refuse that? "Go ahead, go ahead. Which organization is doing it?" "It’s the International Christian Student Federation." "Who is involved there?" "If we talk about teachers, there are several hundred, about a thousand nationwide." Would they say they don’t want to? "Go ahead, go ahead!" That’s how it will be. 
We need to take the initiative in the established church and form a global organization. 
In any case, when it reaches that point, I instructed Kwak Jeong-hwan to make it a world-renowned organization. Do you know? "Yes." This December, there will be a world-famous conference of God. At that time, the most famous doctors and scholars from around the world will gather. They are all caught up in it. Now, there is no place in the religious world to make a living except for the Unification Church. You need to understand that. Do you understand? 
Famous professors have now reached a stage where they cannot sell their books without going through Reverend Moon's followers. Furthermore, they have no interest unless they are related to the Unification Church. No matter how many books they write, they will not sell. Do you understand? Whether they criticize Reverend Moon or support him, it becomes a business because people buy them. Do you understand? If those people think they will lose, why would they follow Reverend Moon? They follow him because it benefits them in some way. That’s how it is. If they are hungry and exhausted, why would they want to follow someone? Resting is the best option. It’s the same logic. 
Next, we will immediately invite world-renowned professors. Then, we will have famous professors in Korea give lectures, and if possible, we will have elder professors from the church give lectures. If there are no elders, we will bring in famous revivalists from that denomination to lecture. Three people will be involved. At first, we will have the revivalist speak first. We will arrange for the lectures to be given in the middle. If we do that, will the church feel good or bad? The pastor will naturally sit and watch, and if there are elder professors in the church, they will all come and attend. All the professors who are interested, all the elders and deacons, and all the smart people will attend and listen, sneaking in to hear without the owner knowing. This will spread as a rumor. 
Then, if all the Christian students say, "We have no place to gather, how about worshiping together in this church on Sundays?" the pastor will be grinning from ear to ear. Just thinking about offerings, if one person gives just one won, that’s 2,000 won from 2,000 people. If it’s just ten won, that’s 20,000 won. If we do it for one Sunday, that’s 80,000 won in a month. How wonderful is that? So, 
the pastor will be grinning and saying, "Let’s do it." 
They will promise like that. When the church council passes it, they will say, "Let’s do it." After doing all that, they won’t be able to chase us away. They will sit there and say, "Our Christian students are tired of the old stories, hearing every day that believing in Jesus will take us to heaven and that Jesus will come on a cloud. We don’t want to hear that anymore; we should be allowed to listen to our professors and lectures." That makes sense. Then, when they worship, the elders and church members who don’t want to listen will sit together, and after the worship… (the following words were not recorded and cannot be included) *

Reflection and New Start

Today, the title I would like to think about briefly is 'Reflection and New Start.' 
Human will starts from fulfilling God's will.

As you know, religion exists not to fulfill human will but to fulfill God's will. God's will must be fulfilled for human will to be fulfilled. This is the principle of creation and the purpose for which God created humanity, as you know. 
From this perspective, the fallen world of humanity has not yet seen the era of the fulfillment of God's will, nor has it seen the era of the fulfillment of human will today. That is why until now, human history has been pursuing the ideal world, a higher dimension of the original land. The purpose of that pursuit is ultimately not to achieve God's purpose through human will. We must understand that the starting point of human will begins from fulfilling God's will, which is the providential historical view from God's perspective. 
So what is it that God desires? Primarily, it is the perfection of Adam and Eve. Furthermore, it is the perfection of the spirit world. It is the perfection of the angelic world. These issues are involved. Then how has the providence of salvation unfolded until now? It is the way God has been carrying out the providence of salvation centered on Himself to fulfill His will. In our Unification Church terminology, we call this the path of restoration, which refers to walking the path of re-creation. 
In re-creation, just as the angelic world was created, it must go through the process of re-creating the angelic world, and then, with the cooperation of angels, go through the process of re-creating Adam. After the creation of Adam is completed, following the model of Adam… The Bible says that Eve was created from Adam's rib, but it does not mean the literal rib; it means that she was created based on his model. Just as when reading a book, we extract the essence, it means that everything was created by emulating the central aspects. 
If God has love, that love cannot be done alone. Love must be realized in a reciprocal relationship, so when Adam and Eve become one, God's ideal love begins to revolve there. When that revolution occurs, we see the fulfillment of God's will, and according to our Principle, we enter into the realm of direct dominion. 
Thus, the fulfillment of God's will is not something that the world perceives. It is not a material condition. It is not an intellectual condition as the world speaks of. It is not a condition of power. We must understand this. So what condition is it? It is centered on the completion of love. That is why numerous religions, with different backgrounds of times and history and differences in eras, must have the contents of compassion or love; otherwise, they cannot stand. 
So what kind of love is that love? The love for Adam does not only reach Adam, and the love for Eve does not only reach Eve. That love, as the love of Adam and Eve, extends to the family, tribe, nation, and all descendants of Adam. Only then can the ideal world of love, the ideal couple of love, and the formation of the ideal tribe, nation, and world be possible. 

What kind of era will it be when God's will is fulfilled? God
The ideal world of love is realized when centered on God's love and globalized. This is the perspective. Then, what about the fulfillment of God's will and the fulfillment of human will? Today, people in the world think that attending a good school and achieving their personal material conditions with determination is the way to success. They are fighting in the human world with certain intellectual and power conditions. They boast about money, knowledge, and power.

The fulfillment of the joint will of God and humanity is to realize the ideal world of love. When viewed this way, God's ideal of love and what we humans can boast about are in completely opposite positions. When we look at the standard of love that God demands, it has no relation to lower-level relationships. Rather, it has always taken a counterproductive position in the historical process and has not been of any help in practicing the ideal of love.

Therefore, the world where God's will is fulfilled is the world where human will is fulfilled. The world where human will is fulfilled and the world where God's will is fulfilled cannot be different. They are in the same position. Thus, humans can possess objective value centered on God's love. This objective value starts from individuals, where there is a woman before a man, a man before a woman, then children before parents, families before tribes, and tribes before nations. You must always be aware of the fact that you are pursuing the expansion of this objective realm.

Today's title is 'Reflection and New Start.' What should we reflect on? There are issues like Cain and Abel in Adam's family, the time of Noah, the time of Abraham, the time of the Israelites in Egypt, and everything that has come through the founding period of the Israelite nation, culminating in the coming of Jesus 2,000 years ago, and the historical process that has unfolded since then. However, where is the fundamental issue of reflection? It is to fulfill the ideal of God's will. In other words, it is to realize the ideal world of love.

So, in this fallen human world, we are demanding a savior. We cannot rely on the humans in this world. There must be a specific global leader who can bring happiness to the human world living in misery. Everyone hopes for a world of happiness that can guarantee not only happiness in their lifetime but also in eternity. That is undeniable. If God exists, it is also undeniable that God desires this. Then, what will the fulfillment of the joint will of God and humanity be achieved by? It can only be achieved by re-presenting God's will in the human world and completing love on that re-presented will.

Then, what is the purpose of the Messiah or the savior? Or what should today's religious leaders do? It is the same content. It is to fulfill God's will and complete God's love. By completing that, human will is automatically fulfilled.

So, what is religion? Religion exists to fulfill God's will. What is a nation that believes in religion? That nation also exists to fulfill God's will. Then, what is the mainstream among these? Of course, it can be humans, but since all historical great figures and saints have led religions, those people become the mainstream. However, the issue is not the person in the mainstream but the love that can fulfill God's will.

Then, what should Jesus do when he comes to this earth? He must re-present Adam's love. Because the ideal of love was not realized due to the fall, he must re-present Adam's love. To re-present Adam's love, all the surrounding factors that caused the fall must enter an environment where they can cooperate again.

So, what caused the fall? It was Eve eating the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. Today, you have learned the principles and know that the law was violated. It was not only Eve who violated the law. The archangel joined in. As a result, God did not stand in the position of the subject as God but lost the position of the subject, and Satan took the position of the subject, creating a distorted world centered around Adam, Eve, the archangel, and the spirit world.

Therefore, to restore this, the existence of the Messiah must come as Adam and re-establish the cooperative realm of the angelic world. However, the angelic world cannot cooperate in an environment where anything opposes. By God's command, the spirit world itself must automatically decide the direction to cooperate for Adam's fulfillment from a pure position. Similarly, when the Messiah comes, all the spirit world must completely unite and cooperate, receiving guidance from the will of the Messiah.

Furthermore, Eve must also stand in such a position in the realm of Eve.

What is today's world Christianity? Today, it is said to be the religion of the bride. When the Lord comes, the bride must welcome the Lord centered on the bride. Then, where should Christianity be? It must become a global foundation that can continue the historical will of Eve and realize the ideal of love of the coming bridegroom, Adam.

Then, if the Messiah and the bride become one, does that mean it ends there? No. The spirit world must cooperate. In that realm, Adam and Eve could not fulfill the sacrament of love, so they must realize the ideal representation on a global scale, and just as Adam and Eve became one centered on love, the Lord who is coming and the bride must become one, allowing the angelic world to become one. Only then can the entire ideal emerge centered on God. From there, the world where God's will is fulfilled unfolds.

So, what is the biggest problem in the religious world? The ideal of love cannot be achieved alone. Until now, high-level religions have emphasized single life. However, can single life achieve the ideal of God's love? It cannot. Then why has it been emphasized this way? It was not to deny the ideal of love, but to separate it in order to establish the beginning of Adam's creation and to allow all men to unite with it.

The place where God's will and human will can unite must start with couples centered on the love that God desires. However, because the ideal beginning could not be made due to the fall, all men in history must wait for the day of Adam's fulfillment, and many women must wait for the day of Eve's fulfillment. Until then, the children born are not born on the basis of ideal realization but are born in a non-legal and non-ideal position, making them children with no relation to the ideal world that heaven demands. Therefore, if this continues to multiply, the time of salvation will be prolonged and complicated. In that sense, the higher-level religions have emphasized single life and isolated living. Thus, issues like leaving home or monasticism arise.

When can this be resolved? It can be resolved by sending the Messiah, who can realize the ideal that God desires, who has grown up under God's love from childhood to adulthood, and by having the counterpart established before that Messiah, allowing them to become one. Thus, the historical fulfillment of Adam and Eve, the completion of man and woman, can finally begin.

Neither past nor present people have been born through these principled standards of love, nor do people currently live that way. If there were none in the past and none in the present, there cannot be any in the future. At some point, there must be a day when men and women who represent the world based on this standard of completion can unite in the position where God's will is fulfilled and human ideals are realized, allowing them to become one in love, so that God's will and human will can see a new beginning.

The life that our humanity has lived until now, as long as it acknowledges the fall, is an unwanted life. Here, we must draw a new ideal world and seek it. However, the opening of the ideal world will not be done by any philosopher or intellectual. It will not be done by any sovereign or heroic figures with power. It will not be done with money or power. This is the perspective. The only way to open this door is through the place where the ideal of love that can align with heaven is practiced. You must understand this clearly.

When I ask a man, "Where do you want to go?" he must say he wants to go to the position of Adam's fulfillment. In other words, if he has come as the Messiah, that Messiah becomes a representation and a standard of historical man. His love and the connections he makes become the starting point where the ideal love of God and the ideal love that humanity seeks can unite. Therefore, anyone wants to go to that place. Both men and women must go to that place.

Thus, couples must stand in that position. And what position should the sons and daughters born among couples be born into? They should not be born as humans within the realm of the fall, but rather, they should be born centered on love in a place where God's will is fulfilled and human ideal will can unite. This is the original standard of creation, and the desire of human nature is to be born as children standing on that standard. Therefore, when sons and daughters born from the love of parents and nature become one, and the entire family is protected and guided within God's realm of love, the emergence of the original ideal state is manifested. This is what we call the completion of the son-in-law's expectation in our Unification Church.

There is nothing else. There cannot be anything else. No matter how good someone is, no matter how much authority they have, no matter how much knowledge they possess, no matter how much money they have, where do I want to go? I want to go beyond the mountain of money to the path of love. I want to go beyond the path of power to the path of love. I long for the homeland of love beyond the path of knowledge. No matter how many masterpieces of world literature exist, without love, they have no value. Humanity does not pursue any content. When the content can depict historical love, whether seen at night or during the day, that becomes a necessary sign of love for us.

Therefore, if one were to write a diary of ideals centered on God's personality, what would that diary be? It would not be a diary of the restoration age. It would be a diary based on love that has reconciled without falling, centered on the family foundation, a history based on love, a history of tribes based on love, a history of nations based on love, a history of the world based on love. That is the content that can remain in God's history through a diary; money, knowledge, or power are unnecessary to God.

Humans must stand in the position of the object that is needed by God.

If there is something that is needed by God, it is love. Why? Because God cannot do it alone. The fall of humanity is the loss of this amazing value of standing in the position of the object needed by God. When one returns to the standard of that value, it becomes a base that can fulfill everything, complete everything, and make everything happy and joyful. What is that base centered on? It is centered on God's ideal love. You must understand this clearly.

From this principle, why did hell arise in the spirit world? Why did classes arise in heaven? They are not seeing the solution to these problems. Because they could not become love that could align with the ideal of love, they are what we might call symbolic love seekers in our Unification Church. Those who are pursuing love and humanity or God's love are all oppositional. Thus, various classes are established.

What is paradise? It is a waiting room. What is heaven? It is the place where love is realized, the place where one enters after realizing love. Therefore, Jesus is in paradise. The reason he could not enter heaven is that he could not fulfill the ideal of love. However, today, Christian believers say, "Jesus came as a single man and lived single until he died for the sins of all people on the cross, shedding blood." But in God's ideal, there is no proposition that says one must shed blood to be saved from sin. That is all a gift of the fall.

Could Jesus, while dying on the cross, say he fulfilled God's ideal of love and that he was a happy person before all beings? No. He said, "Abba, Father, why have you forsaken me? Let this cup pass from me." That is not a position he desired in his true heart. Neither humanity nor Jesus himself wanted it, nor did God want it. When God turned his face away, it was not because he was pleased and said, "Oh, Amen. He dies well." 

When viewed from this principle, it is nothing but a paradoxical environment, a speculative narrative that humans have pulled together to fit their own interests. Such religions will all fade away in the end.

Then, God's love, the love of nature, begins from God, starting from individual Adam, and goes through family, tribe, nation, and the world, eventually stopping. Is it a love that stops there? No, it is a love that returns to God through the world. This must happen either by going out or going inward.

You know there are magnetic lines on Earth, right? There are north and south, and the magnetic lines rotate. They go around and return, from the South Pole to the North Pole. Similarly, the realization of God's love must be a rotational love. What started with Adam must return to Eve, and the love of parents must spiral through the love of children, making a grand rotation.

What does the Unification Church do? That is the question. How is it different from past religions? Past religions emphasized single life, but the Unification Church emphasizes collective marriage. What does that mean? In the past, it would have been considered heretical. However, it is not heretical. If you look at a first grader, a second grader is heretical. That is heresy. The end is different. If the beginning seems different, it is heretical. A third grader is heretical to a second grader. They are all heretical. It is heretical based on one's own center.

So, what is the mainstream thought that can be discussed as heretical or orthodox? In Presbyterianism, the traditional content is Calvin's predestination, but that cannot be the case. It is not even a part. What about Methodism? Wesley's faith is not even a part. It is not even a part. Then what is the mainstream? It must contain pure God's ideal love.
Today’s Christianity could not even dream that this should be properly established. They think that even if they commit robbery, they can believe in Jesus and go to heaven. What can we say about such robbers? Even if we call it individualism, there is no such individualism. That is why the end of Christianity has come in countries like America. 

Such a religion cannot remain. It must be broken through some power. That is why communism has emerged, trampling everything to pieces, and we must understand that it is trampling all over the foundations of established churches. So, I ask everyone to think about whether what I am saying is right or not. I know it to be so. Thus, establishing the standard of the great way (大道) and the direction towards that great way must carry this content. The essence of love in that direction cannot be revolutionary. This is true in the past, present, and future.

However, the love that people claim to have today is all muddled by the colors of communism or liberalism. When they say they love, it is not seeing with their eyes; they must be completely united in body and mind to love. Therefore, when we look at the title of that love, it must not be temporary but must standardize eternity. From that perspective, everything is resolved. Everything unfolds.

Now, looking at this, what is the Unification Church pursuing? Reflecting on this historical context, where do we stand today? Where is your heart racing towards right now? If you came to the Cheongpa-dong church today thinking, "Ah, the teacher is leaving today, so let’s go see him," what would you do when you see the teacher? Would you give him rice cakes or money? There is nothing. Rather, it is common to hurl insults and say things they don’t want to hear; they never say, "Oh, you’ve worked hard, so pack your things and rest from today." Instead, they say, "Suffer more, you bastards!" (laughter) What is good about that? If that is good, then that is madness.

What this means is that even if everything disappears, there is a love that can fulfill God’s will. The traces of love that humanity seeks are embedded here. So, no matter what holds them back, their hearts want to go this way. Even if someone pulls their body from behind, their hearts want to move forward. What is that? Then, what must be strong? If one says, "Oh, I’m dragging a leg, and I don’t know what love is," everything is given up. The path of love is one that must be traversed without hesitation, even beyond the path of death.

Among our blessed families today, there may be those who think, "Oh, the teacher helped someone get engaged, and that person got a good husband, but why am I like this? Why did someone I never even thought of get a good match?" But when thinking about the ideal of love, does it mean that one only loves the good and does not love the ugly? 

For example, if a parent has a first child who is a handsome boy, but then has a second child who is ugly and deformed, would they say, "You are ugly, so I will love you as much as you are ugly!" and when the child cries for milk, would they ask, "Why are you crying?" Is that love? It is the opposite. It is the opposite. They would think, "You are ugly, so you will worry all your life, wouldn’t it have been better if your nose were a bit more refined?" Even while feeding the child, they would think, "Hurry up and grow well; your older brother cried for milk but you will think about how ugly you are for your whole life." They are thinking about a lifetime. It is not just about the present. It is love that looks towards the future. Love is connected to the future. Deep love is, of course, connected to the present, but it must also be connected to the distant future.

Why do we say that a filial child is good? Because they can speak of the eternal love between parents and children. What is a loyal subject? It is someone who can discuss eternal love for the country. The same goes for the way of a sage. It is sufficient to introduce eternal love for humanity. Is that right or not? Is that correct? 「Yes」

The power of love that can overcome any difficult mountain.

Our young ladies, when they see their fiancé and think, "Oh, how ugly he is," he is indeed ugly. They see that he is ugly. Even at night, he is ugly. Even during the day, he is ugly. (laughter) He is definitely ugly. So, when they ask their husband, "Do you think you are handsome?" and he knows he is ugly, he bows his head and says, "I’m sorry." That is noble. Do you understand what I mean? That is a wonderful man. Because of the feeling of comparison, he knows that his wife is better than him, but when she asks, "Do you think you are handsome or ugly?" he cannot say anything and just bows his head; that is how wonderful a man he is. If at that moment she asks, "What are you good at?" then that man is ugly. His face is ugly, and his heart is ugly, everything is ugly. Even if his face is ugly, when asked, if he bows his head and shows a face of "You are right; I’m sorry," then he is truly a good man.

Also, men, when they want a woman like a crescent moon, and then they see one that looks like a pumpkin opened in a tile roof, (laughter) they see that she is ugly. Then they should compare themselves. They should compare. They might think that Adam resembled the sun, but do they resemble me? When they look, they see that they do resemble. What do they resemble? They should resemble the most precious thing. After that, what does it matter if a finger is a little off?

They look to see if the woman or man has eyes. They see that there are eyes. Those eyes can sometimes be better than theirs. When they look at the face, they see if there is a nose. There is a nose. What is important next? Is it okay if there is no mouth? Do they like a mute? There is a mouth. Also, do they like a deaf person? There are ears. Ha! When they break it down one by one, the eyes of that beautiful woman are small, but the man’s eyes are big. At that time, they should say, "She is better than me." Also, when they look closely at the mouth, even if a woman is beautiful, if her mouth is narrow and parrot-like, but the man’s mouth is substantial, then they should think that the man is better. They think like that, with love. They compare based on principles.

Look at the hands. If a man’s hands look like a woman’s hands, that won’t do. A man’s hands should look like a man’s hands. If a woman has a beautiful face but her hands look like a man’s hands, would that feel good? The feet shouldn’t be as big as a thief’s feet. The feet should be plump and handsome. All these things… And can a man walk like a woman? Women sway their hips because they have heavy bottoms. Men, on the other hand, have small bottoms and walk straight. How wonderful is that? Everything is relative. The cheekbones or the flesh on the cheeks may be proportionally a little more, but the distribution and arrangement are just slightly different. (laughter)

What is the truth? Whether looking at teeth or judging anything, men are better than women. They are better than themselves. They are also vigorous. Women just blink their eyes and flap their mouths like baby birds, making noise. From early morning, they wake up and always make a racket; how unpleasant would that be? Imagine living your whole life listening to that. (laughter) Even birds should sing according to the time; would it be enjoyable to hear a nightingale singing while you are trying to sleep? "This crazy nightingale, this mad nightingale," you would want to kill it.

That depends on how you see it. If you look at it from the heart of love, even if there are towering mountains blocking the way, you can overcome them. Even while climbing difficult mountains like those that are blocked, if you have the power to envision love beyond that and extend your hopes, what is that power? It is not the power of authority, nor the power of knowledge, what is it? 「The power of love」 Today, among the 430 families, what do they talk about? Money. Is there a power that can surpass that? Even in a place where one can fall over the towering mountains, when love shines through and the heart of love explodes, then everything falls into place. Do you understand? Do you understand? 「Yes」

When they reach adolescence, young ladies look over the wall and peek. When their mother asks, "What are you doing?" they say, "What do you mean?" (laughter) I see it that way, is that right or not? Have our young ladies experienced that? When they reach adolescence, their necks grow longer. (laughter) They start looking around. That is how it is.

So, they think about everything, including their conduct and lineage. They want to go straight down that path, straight down. There can be no compromise there. Isn’t there a story of burning passion for first love, with all sorts of historical tales? Why is that Park Gong-seo laughing? (laughter) Look at that. "Is he laughing?" Even when asked, he doesn’t feel embarrassed and laughs out loud. That is the talent of an artist. So, they can make a living from that. I’ll drink a little water. Let’s live like that. Thank you.

Humans cannot live without the path of love.

Now, as we reflect, think about what materials you can hang your life’s stories on. "Ah, I found a gold nugget! Good!" That goodness is just a fleeting thought; it doesn’t become a source of joy for me over time. 

Ah, I went to Seoul National University… Nowadays, high school students have what they call "entrance exam syndrome," and they say that no matter how smart or not smart someone is, there is no one who is not affected by it. Isn’t that right? The national exam, oh… Even while taking the national exam, what they cannot forget is not wanting a bundle of money. It is not about wanting knowledge to have the power to move the world. Even amidst that, what can be forgotten and envisioned, what can be admired, is the path of love that can be thought of beyond the busy and sick times.

I say this, but I don’t know. What do you think? What do you think? Do you think it is so or not? Do you think it is so or not? Don’t know? If you don’t know, do you think it might be so or not? 「I think it might be so」 It seems like it, right? It seems like it, which is why they are fallen people. That is it.

If you write in your diary about the hardships you endured to earn money, saying, "I suffered like this. Oh," and conclude that you wrote a great masterpiece, when you look back, everything is blocked. "What value is there in that tearful money?" That is how it becomes. "What value is there in my hard work, this money!" What happens next? "That money! That damn money!" Such conclusions arise. (laughter)

Oh, for the sake of seizing power, all sorts of things… You know about the current political climate. Slandering and stepping on others, cutting off their heads, saying, "I must succeed," and becoming a ruler, thinking, "Ahem!" would it feel good to think, "I harmed people and became like this"? "Ah! That feels good!" No. Conscience says, "You bastard!" The more they think about it, the more it becomes "Oh—" like that.

Studying is the same. "Oh! I studied to death and graduated from Seoul National University, but today I can only be a section chief. When I think of the effort I put in back then, it cannot compare to being a section chief, oh," and when they think from the position of a section chief, they are not singing songs of happiness but lamenting… They cannot welcome it with joy. That is how it becomes.

However, if they do it for love, all kinds of stories intertwine, and even when looking back at the process of overcoming twists and turns, they find themselves being drawn in more and more. They always want to go to that place and want to be angry there. The feeling of "How could I have taken a path I never thought of?" continues, and even as they pass through their lives, thinking back to that time, the essence of strength pushes and stimulates them, which is not an incorrect statement, is it? Do you understand what I mean?

That is why humans cannot live without the path of love, and God cannot live without the path of love. 「They cannot live」 Why can’t they live? If a person cannot live without love, then God, who possesses subjectivity on the straight line of love, cannot live without love.

Today, Christians think of God as "God who is in glory, God who is love," but what do they love with? What do they love? They do all sorts of things like themselves and then come to the church and say, "God! Merciful God! God of great compassion! God who forgives! What kind of God!" They say a thousand words asking for forgiveness for their sins, and in the end, they say, "So please forgive my sins," and that is indeed good. (laughter) If that is the church, then if that were possible, I would have already ascended to the throne. It is the opposite. It is the opposite.

Everyone, today I spoke of reflection, but what should we reflect on? Not money, not power, not knowledge. Reflecting on those things is dry and tasteless. When one grows older, over 70 or 80, nowadays professors say, "Oh, Dr. Yoon has turned 60, right?"

Can they have the same enthusiasm they had when they studied at Seoul National University? How is it? Can they have it? They cannot have it. No matter where they go, they don’t want to start from the beginning; they want to study from halfway up. They want to ride on the halfway point they have already reached. The starting point of their thoughts is already different.

Even at that age, when they study, they think that they must not loosen the strings of hope, so they do not feel old. Even if they deposit money in a savings account, do you think they would want to sleep with their heads facing the savings account? No matter how good power is, do they think, "I became a minister today, so I will sleep facing the revolving table in the minister's office"? They have no such thoughts.

However, even if they live alone, they want to sleep with their heads facing the place where their loved ones used to be, and they want to direct their hearts there. That is something that every human being with a true nature desires. Because everyone is like that, it must be the same for the men and women here. I don’t know, but is that right? 「That is correct」 When I ask, you should answer. How can the students not answer when the teacher asks? (laughter)

Why do we love our hometown? Because there is a father’s love, a mother’s love, and a sibling’s love there. Nowadays, what rice is the tastiest? In the past, when eating mixed rice, they said that millet rice was the worst, but nowadays, millet rice has become the best, and white rice has become the worst. God is truly fair.
In the past, when guests came over, you know, when setting up a meal like a dinner table, the part of the pickled radish that was the whitest was cut and served to the guests. Even before liberation, that was the custom in Korea. But these days, if you give guests the white part, they say, 'Why are you giving me something with no nutritional value to eat? Ugh—' (laughter) Conversely, if you give them the green part, they say, 'This host knows something about nutrition.' The world has changed. But no matter how much it has changed, I still miss the times when I used to eat the rice or barley porridge with gochujang that my mother made for me back in my hometown. Does that make sense? Right? "Right." Yes.

Even if I look like a toad, I still can't forget the times when I used to touch my mother's breast while I was being breastfed. I still can't forget that. Even now, I can't forget how soft it was when I touched it gently. (laughter) I'm serious about this! (laughter) Even when I was over 20 years old, when I came back from somewhere, I would lie down with my mother and talk about how I was doing. I miss that time, that time. No matter where I go, riding horses or playing with some fancy horses, or getting drunk and doing whatever, all of that just flows away.

So why is hometown so good? Because it has stories of love that can be told. That's why hometown is a place I want to visit. Isn't that right? Hometown is a place I want to visit, hometown is a place I want to live. Why? Because there is love there. Because there is the love of parents. Why do I want to go? To meet love. Why do I want to live? Because I want to live in love. When it comes to that, there is no objection. There is no need to add footnotes. Even if you try to interpret everything else with footnotes, you can only receive partial recognition, but everything about love has content that can receive full recognition without needing footnotes. (The recording briefly cuts out)

When we say "Harmony in the family brings success in everything," what are we talking about? Does it mean that if you have a gold nugget, harmony in the family will come? When you don't share it and just look at each other, it can bring harmony in the family, but when you try to share it, a fight breaks out. (laughter) However, when it comes to sharing love, the more you share, the more success you achieve. That's how it is. When you share money, what happens? "Fights." Division occurs, but when you share love, the more you share, the more unity, harmony, and peace arise.

So, what do we say brings harmony in the family? "Love." A father loves a mother, a mother loves a father, parents love their children, and children love their parents. The harmony of love is what brings success in everything. Do you understand? "Yes."

The existence of the subject is evaluated along with the value of the object.

That's why if there are capable women, they want to love capable men... Of course, that's true. But look around. When you see people, who is more beautiful, the woman or the man? So, what do the women think? The man is handsome, the woman is beautiful? "The man." "The woman." When you ask a woman, she says the man is handsome, and when you ask a man, he says the woman is beautiful. Ah, that's not my opinion. When you put it that way, if you ask a woman, "Is the woman beautiful?" and she says, "Yes," that's wrong. If you ask a woman, "Who is beautiful?" she will say the man is handsome. Men are more handsome than women in front of women. That's the archetype. The phrase "The original is prosperous and beneficial" and "Benevolence, righteousness, propriety, and knowledge are the principles of human nature" appears in the "Small Learning" as well, you know. Is that correct?

Why do women act out? Why do capable women do that? They should just stop. (laughter) Why do capable women do that? Why? Is it because they are capable or because they are not? Answer me. (laughter) If they are capable, why do they act out? If they are capable, they should hold it together, right? (laughter) Some women can spend two hours just getting ready in front of the mirror. My mother, even when she was quick, it would take at least 30 minutes. Why do capable women do that? If a woman thinks she is capable, she would never act out. She wouldn't wear makeup. What does "acting out" mean? It's a dialect. Do people in Seoul know what "acting out" means? "No." What does it mean? It means putting on makeup, looking pretty. That's what "acting out" means. (laughter)

If a woman is capable, why does she act out? Why? Why does she do that? Men naturally have broad shoulders and sweat a lot, but if it goes too far, it shouldn't be too much, but a little perfume is better than just a passing scent. (laughter) Why is that? It's strange. There is a way to bring love there. If a woman is capable, why does she act out? It's because she longs for a higher dimension of love.

When I come all dressed up with beautiful makeup, manicured nails, lipstick, and a stylish outfit, I expect the man to be like that too; that's not the point. Is there a woman who tells the person she loves, "You should come to me all dressed up in red"? No, there isn't. That's transcending. It's just a means, just a tool. The tool itself isn't good. It's to envision a higher dimension of love.

So, what does a woman need? It's not that she needs makeup. What does she need? "Love." She longs for harmonious love, high-level love. In that sense, women have a higher antenna.

While talking about this, an hour has already passed... I need to finish in 1 hour and 20 minutes, and I'm in big trouble! Why does time keep passing? When I talk, it's simple. It's simple. Everything is evaluated based on the other person, not on oneself. You need to understand that. The things that exist in the realm of the subject are not evaluated based on themselves. They are evaluated based on the value of the object. Why is that? Because it revolves around love.

When it revolves around money, American women, they are here. American women think if their husband has a savings account, they should have one too. They can't go beyond that savings account. Also, while living with their husbands, women who value knowledge see their husbands as "that ignorant husband." That won't last long and will break apart. If a woman who likes power sees her husband as "that powerless husband," it will break apart. When it comes to love, is being powerless bad? "It's good!" Did Sister Oh come? She must have come. In the past, when I was singing and dancing, I would hear songs like, "What should a man do? Even if he can't draw a line with a sickle, if he loves me, he's a man..." and I thought, "Wow! That's really cool." That's it. That's it. When seeing a powerless husband, tears come first, and the strength to decide to sacrifice for him always arises from love. Isn't that right? When seeing an ignorant husband, before he feels ashamed, I feel ashamed. So, when it comes to issues where men can't respond beyond a woman's dignity, I try to respond. What does that mean? What does that mean? It's the woman saying it, it's love saying it? "It's love." It's love.

In this world, nowadays, if a child is bad, you can cut them off, and if a husband is bad, you can cut him off, but that's not love. It's about transcending that, seeking eternity, and pursuing that path, where there is flavor, where there is the value of life. When viewed this way, the mainstream direction that human ideals can go is none other than love. Is that conclusion close? Is it similar? "It's close." So, those who think it's close, raise your hands. Those who think it's similar, raise your hands. Those who don't know, die, die. (laughter) Go to hell, go to hell.

You should be grateful and thankful for hardships and sorrows to be a great woman.

So, when reflecting on history, when we say that the third seven-year course centered around the Unification Church has passed, you all... Even though I was born looking like this, I said I didn't want to marry even when a doctor proposed to me. What doctor? Not a male doctor, but a female doctor. Do you understand? Even when a university graduate or a millionaire's daughter with millions proposed to me, I said I didn't want to marry. I sought after a simple elementary school graduate. Why? Because I believed that there was a deep and unchanging path of love there. So, did I think well or poorly? "You did well." Do you acknowledge that? "Yes."

Nowadays, young people say, "Oh, I need to marry someone who graduated from Seoul National University and is beautiful."

Look. When choosing a mother, even during the Ewha University incident, there were all sorts of messy things. If you just open your mouth, you can shoot like a machine gun, and sprinkle all sorts of seasonings, and in today's terms, sprinkle sugar and honey, isn't that nice? It tastes good. There are many such people, but there were many who just wanted to dance and have fun. But I placed my mother in a world I had never seen before. Was that a good thing or a bad thing? "It was good." Was it good back then too? (laughter) "Why did that appear? It might die," and all sorts of things... Isn't that right? All the women who had dreams... (laughter) Why was that a good thing?

If there is a woman who wanders around, she evaluates the Unification Church and draws a line of points. Then she says, "Hey, why is this happening?" That person, even if they studied in their class, is worse than me, and even if they report, they are worse than me, and when they run, they are worse than me. If that person became a mother, would that feel bad or good? In that sense, the fact that the teacher placed someone unknown is a strategic hit. (laughter) The mother was not in a bad position. (applause) So, I brought her and, at that time, it wasn't just bringing her, it was more like capturing her. (laughter) After capturing her, I lived for three years on leave, away from home.

Where did Inchul go? Did he come? Kim Inchul! Didn't he come? He was making a fuss about wanting to be at the forefront of everything, but why? Did he not come even though he was told to? Did he not come because he didn't get notified? The older 36 families can die, so they didn't notify him, or did he not come even though he was told to, Jaeseok? "He is supposed to come." He is supposed to come? Then that guy made a mistake.

When I was giving birth to our Yejin, I was at Inchul's house... Nowadays it's Inchul, but back then it was Mr. Inchul! (laughter) Back then, I was at Mr. Inchul's house. So, I was living in someone else's house. I couldn't even go to church twice a day. I could only go once in the evening. I couldn't go twice! Even when I went, I had to enter through the front door and leave through the back door. (laughter) Where is there such a law? It was like being on leave.

So, look at that. If I had just sat there, there would have been many people praying to die. Those goblins that were thought of as candidates for mothers, when looking at the history of women, how strange it is. They would poison and do all sorts of things. The safest place is the safest place. (laughter) If the mother is there, no one would judge if I went there once. Even if I met her once every few weeks and had fun talking, no one would see that. But how bad would it feel to see someone having fun talking for several hours in church? It is necessary for various strategies. (laughter)

So, I had a son and a daughter... Our Yejin sister must have come today. I gave birth to Yejin. Nowadays, she complains to me, "Oh, it was so cold in winter, and I gave it my all to give birth to a big baby..." She's big, our Yejin is big. How many pounds was she? She was about one and a half times the size of an average baby. So, I was pushing and doing all this, and because I couldn't take care of myself afterward, I got sick from the wind, and now she says that. That's unfortunate, but if you think of it gratefully and appreciate it, I think that's a great woman. If you praise that and think that I went this way to seek high-level love, then all of that is covered. Do you understand? "Yes."

Crying and making a fuss... Sometimes, I even scold my mother. If she says she's going somewhere, she wants to follow, right? I know that's a woman's heart well. (laughter) She wants to follow. I know that it's the husband's responsibility to take the person he wants to go with, but to lead many people, you have to know both the bitter and sweet. I scold her, "Why are you making such a fuss? Go up." When I see tears welling up, when I see tears rolling, when I see that, all of those things come to mind.

When I look back at all those stories and settle down, how precious is that? For the sake of the whole, for the sake of the Unification Church, we must not let even one person die, we must not let them fall away, so we came in from over that wall and lived together after three years. Did that happen or not? "It did."

Become a victor of love that can be boasted about in heaven and on earth.

So, on my birthday, I fasted for three years. Therefore, all Unification Church members should fast for three years on their birthdays. Who has fasted for three years? Oh, quite a few. Why haven't the others fasted for three years? On my birthday, I thought that the amount I fasted would be deposited into a savings account, and with that money, I would feed the hungry people of the world.

Did Professor Joo fast for three days? "Yes, I fasted for seven days." Not just three days, you know. Three days, on my birthday. "I did." Did you? Then did you deposit the money for three days of food on your birthday? "I keep depositing." What do you mean "keep depositing" for three days?

At first, I only started eating rice. It was a restoration of side dishes from rice. Restoration of rice, restoration of kimchi, restoration of gochujang, then what else, restoration of octopus, restoration of shrimp, and so on. (laughter) So, this started a few years ago. When did the mother start that? She just started recently. I have been doing that. Why? Why did I do that? I didn't want to do it for that reason. I wanted to do complete restoration, and to go to a complete world of love, I had to go through a paradoxical path that doesn't exist in the human world, and I did it for my own joy. It wasn't to go through suffering; it was to go through joy. The reason I fasted on my birthday was to love humanity. How wonderful is that? It was to love God! 

The blessed families of the Unification Church, how many families started in the 1970s? Was it up to 72 families? For three years? Up to 72 families? "It was 124 families." 261 They were expelled. Even until then, they were barely surviving.
I had prepared it, but they said, "Just break it all apart and dispose of it. If there are any little ones, share it with your parents, relatives, and go away. You brats!" and kicked us out. There are many stories like this. My mother often cried because of the children. The late Elder Kim Hee-ok, you know, when her son wanted to follow her and said, "Mom, take me with you," she replied, "You little rascal! I love you, but I must go to fulfill God's will in the heavenly kingdom and save the nation." There are many such stories. She put him in an orphanage and left. 

Now, when I think about taking those steps, I realize that if I acted under the banner of loving my country, loving the world, and loving God, rather than longing for money and knowledge, everything under that banner can be explained with the materials that can be annotated. Although the tears you shed were miserable and putting your children in an orphanage was miserable, it becomes a material that can confidently prove before any being in heaven and earth that you loved humanity, the world, and God. If you truly went with a heart of love, today you would be happy people.

I, Moon, standing here, have not sought my own interests or happiness until now... I am not a person who is lacking compared to anyone else. I am a capable man. In every aspect, whether it be diplomatic issues, arguments, or negotiations, I have the ability not to lose. I know this. I have given all this up and walked the path of suffering while receiving insults for the sake of love. That love is for God. It is towards the point of love that humanity collectively pursues...

So, when individuals recognize it, when tribes recognize it, when nations recognize it, when the world recognizes it, and when heaven and earth can recognize it, I long for the day when we can raise the banner of being victors of love and be praised by all in heaven and earth. When that day comes, the days spent in prison will sound glorious. It will not be a prison, nor hell, but a rise to the heavenly throne. When young people realize this and read books, I believe that the young people who had died can explode and ascend as heavenly princes.

Therefore, you must know that the Unification Church, which everyone thought would perish and disappear, has become a global issue today. Do you understand? If we were to weave the history of the teacher, it would be "a person who is crazy for God..." These days, he has become such a person. "Ah, he is a patriotic person!" But no matter how crazy he is and how patriotic he is, if love is excluded, it has nothing to do with the nation. No matter what he did for humanity, if he did not have the connection to appear before humanity while pursuing love, he is separate from humanity.

However, even if I am surrounded by humanity and nations, when I embrace love and overcome, that nation will inevitably follow the path of love, and humanity will inevitably follow the path of love. Knowing this as an unchanging principle, I can conclude that today it is not just possible but has been realized. Do you understand?

If there is a flow of love, the human heart desires to enter it.

Even in this scientist conference, I did not want to receive cooperation from anyone. I am not someone who resents the government. Rather, even if the country does not cooperate and established churches oppose it, the leader of this conference, Moon, can overcome all difficult circumstances with a heart of love for humanity and for scholars and professors of the world, starting from love and reaching a conclusion of love. Those who came here surely returned with hope, and I think that is how such results came to be. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Therefore, Korea must remain as a place they want to go, leaving an impression that cannot be removed among them. They want to see the teacher, and when they meet him, they want to meet him again. "Reverend Moon, the world may dislike you, but I like you." Some people in the world may say this or that, and some white people may dislike him, but among blacks and whites, those who meet him find him more likable. Why? It is not because he has knowledge, nor because he is beautiful, nor because he is successful. What is there? There is a flow of love for humanity, so when you enter it, you want to stretch out your feet, reach out your hands, lean your body, and even want to embrace.

Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

When you hold a banquet, there was an incident with glasses in the evening. Do you know what that means? Have you heard about it? When we were having a farewell banquet with the chairs set up, I needed to wear these glasses to speak. I had put them in my pocket. If I held them with my hand, they would get greasy and I wouldn't be able to see. So, I flipped them over and held them, and they came out perfectly, so I thought it would be fine. But these glasses became the devil! (Laughter) They fell and fit perfectly into the bottom of my pocket. Even when I flipped them over, they wouldn't come off. (Laughter)

So, the two chairpersons were taking off their glasses and doing this. How wonderful that scene was! (Laughter) If it were Korean professors, it might not have been so, but those were world-renowned scholars, white professors, putting on such a show on the podium... That is a show, right? (Laughter) It is a show, but what kind of show? It is a show that does not exist in the human world. If it were our Dr. Yoon, he wouldn't have done that. (Laughter) Dr. Yoon was good at not moving. When I see that, I think... how natural it is. Even if they freely give their glasses, they can think of it joyfully without any burden, and the audience can see that... It became a very famous incident. When they return to their hometowns, they will surely write about it in their diaries.

What is the reason for that? It is the mindset that matters. No matter how excellent you are and how I am in this position, in loving you, my love for you precedes your love for me. My love for you is greater in depth and height than your love for me. Therefore, everything I do will be expressed in adjectives of love. How poetic that is! So, sitting in their chairs, when I say something, all the doctors open their mouths and say, "Oh, how nice!" (Laughter) You must know that such a thing exists. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Love is good! Wouldn't it be nice to taste and touch love? Some people these days love pears, saying, "Oh, they are delicious!" Then there are those who love apples. There are also those who like American pears, which look like pumpkins. I think the tastiest pears are Korean pears. I have eaten many pears while traveling to various countries. Also, when I go abroad and have foreign family members, pears and apples are precious, so there is no country that doesn't bring them. However, knowing the taste of Korean pears and apples, even if I don't want to eat them, if I intentionally take a bite, oh... (Laughter)

Do you like the taste of Korean pears or apples? "Apples." Do you have love for pears or love for apples? "Love for apples." Ah, love for apples? That is a different matter. How many levels of love are there? Is it love in the human world? The beginning of the bridge we draw in our ideals is based on a high-level love where God and humanity can unite, which is a mysterious high-level love that is meant to be exchanged. There is no doubt about it, right? "Yes."

Today, from that perspective, what the Unification Church desires, what humanity desires, what God desires, what our mothers desire, what our fathers desire, what our older brothers and sisters desire, what our relatives desire, what our great-grandmothers and grandmothers from a thousand years ago desire, whether they are men or women, and what people a thousand years later desire, it will all end with... 

"What? Love." It is love, but what kind of love? "True love." It is true love! 

What God and humanity desire is true love.

Think about it. True love! Say it once. When you say that, your heart feels warm, and even if your mouth dries up, you want to say it again, right? I feel my mouth drying as I speak. When I say "true love," I keep saying true love, true love... You all know about the echo, right? When I say "wow," it echoes back, "wow, wow, wow, wow." At that moment, I can't help but say "wow, wow, wow, wow, wow." Do you do that too? When you go to a place where there is an echo and say "wow," do you keep your mouth shut and just say "wow, wow, wow"? (Laughter) Those who cannot do that are like stones. The teacher can follow along and say "wow, wow, wow" well. That is why I am a sensitive man.

So, what is the teacher teaching in the Unification Church today? Sacrifice according to God's love! Sacrifice! Do you understand? Is that pleasant or unpleasant? Is it good or bad? "Good." Even beautiful people cannot be exceptions, nor can fathers, mothers, sons, the king of that nation, or Reverend Moon here claim to be exceptions. That is the teacher's belief. What is your belief? "What should I do...? Given my circumstances, I will compare them and go." How amusing and lovely is that mindset? Is it so? It may look good, but you must know that a dagger that cuts love is coming in.

When you go to a sawmill, there is a saw. When cutting those enormous pieces of wood, whether there are knots or whatever, it cuts through with a "sgrung!" Think about that. No matter how strong the power of love is, when it is centered on oneself, the saw blade does not hesitate... However, the power of love can stop that saw blade. Even if it cuts, it can be reattached. How wonderful is that? It can do that. It will continue forever. God cannot cut it, nor can God dominate it. God is dominated. God says He will also be dominated within the realm of love.

What does the Unification Church do? It is a place that reveres the path of true love, so everything that moves in reality cannot be something that anyone who does not know true love can desire. This will remain after 10 years, after 20 years. After 10 years, at the scientist conference, they opened their eyes. Do you understand? Even our Unification Church members seem terrible now. Do you understand? So, after nearly 20 years, they say their eyes have opened.

This time, with the 36 families, 72 families, 120 families, 430 families, these kids! They are all like children I married off, and when I called them together, I said, "Let's see if you all have matured a bit." I came back and said, "Let's cut off all your necks." When I said to cut off everyone in the company, they presented their necks. "Can I cut it?" They said it was okay to cut it. When I tried to cut it, they just stood still. (Laughter) That is wonderful; after about 20 years, their ears have opened, and their hearts have opened, allowing them to connect emotionally.

Restoration through indemnity is done alone.

What if I had taken away the subsidies for living expenses? This is the current condition. That is the issue. What if I had taken that away? Ah, that would be an enemy; even if I had taken it away, if it had been like this... When we pray before God in the Unification Church... While crossing the Pacific, I can say and pray, "Even though I dislike the ugly Unification Church members left in Korea, I must not lose hope for them from God," and there is still something left that can be done without taking that away.

But if I say, "My sons and daughters are starving to death, my sons and daughters are being expelled from school, everything... Oh, my wife is sick, so she is dead. My position as a man is pitiful," it keeps swirling and going deeper and deeper.

Is there any power to rise out of here? That is the question. What do you think? Women, you should do business. I have a great manual for teaching business. I am a doctor. Even the Westerners who say they dislike it can become champions in business, and the Japanese too... There are those who dislike it! Even the Japanese can become champions, and when I went to Germany this time, the Germans and Europeans, who are arrogant, are doing business well. Since I have become a manual for Westerners and even for the Japanese, who are enemy nations, should I not be a manual for Koreans? "You should." Should I do it or not? "You should." You must say you should and answer without hesitation. (Laughter)

But when I look closely, the women have no desire to do business at all; they have a strong desire to play. Honestly, that is true, right? Isn't it? Let's be honest about it. If you do, I will at least forgive you. Right? "Right." Wearing beautiful clothes, going to Myeongdong to eat bulgogi for lunch, and looking around with binoculars, how fun would that be? Matching clothes with the seasons, wearing high heels, and carrying handbags with products from world-renowned companies, wanting to walk around, I know well that the women's hearts are longing for that. If you do not know that, you would be dull and foolish, but a man who knows that is trying to push these women in the opposite direction with all kinds of tricks. Isn't that unpleasant? It is using tricks. Go ahead and say it.

I said, "You must sell 50,000 won worth of shampoo in Ilhwa; if you don't like it, quit." So, when I was about to leave, I said, "I will supply about 50,000 won." If it were me, what... How many 1,500 won shampoos are there? Less than 40, right? Isn't that right? Less than 40. Those 40 can be sold in a day if done well.

Our Unification Church members, even during President Reagan's election, visited 1,200 houses, you know, 1,200 houses. You would not be able to do that even if you ran all day. They trained for that in Japan. One person visits 1,200 houses. The content is simple. "Da-da-da-dak," as soon as they meet, within a few seconds, they say what fits perfectly. If you had that kind of sincerity, wouldn't you be able to sell one out of 30 houses with 40? That is how I calculate.

Then, if we make it 50,000 won, 50 percent... Where did the president of Ilhwa go? "Yes." Is it "yes" or "hey"? (Laughter) "Yes!" So, you know how to respect your elders. (Laughter) So, from the tax office, they heard that Moon of the Unification Church had committed tax evasion, and they will distribute it at least to avoid hearing that. They will just give money.
It's not that. What I'm saying is to take what you owe in taxes and pay it. Don't you dislike that? Don't you dislike that? If so, then you're not a patriot. In our company, even if we can't make a profit, we have to account for the taxes we owe. If we don't do that, the company will go bankrupt. We should do it minimally, and then sell it off. If we sell worth 150,000 won, 50 percent, which is 75,000 won, will be left. If we have 75,000 won left, if we do it twice... surely we will do it twice a week. So if we generate 150,000 won, that would be considered above average in the context of Korea. 

Thinking that we can sell it all within 30 days is fundamentally wrong. Just try running for a week or ten days. The biggest issue in home churching right now is establishing churches, right? There are no meeting places, right? Yes, I know that situation very well. I am well aware of the circumstances. I know how much socks cost, but do you think I don't know about the current situation in the Unification Church where a major incident has occurred? I know it well; I am thinking about it. Yet, the president of the association comes and says, "Teacher, we have no meeting places." It is correct to ask for help when we need to go the path of restoration through indemnity, isn't it? Is that correct or not? Is it correct to ask for cooperation in restoration through indemnity? Did you learn that? No? Then what did you learn? You shouldn't seek cooperation.

In business, if you say, "Let's sell together today and share the profits," even if one person has diarrhea and can't sell, they still have to share half. Is that right or wrong? Right. It's the same. Restoration through indemnity is done alone. That's why until now, I have never wanted to receive support from anyone, absolutely not. I wanted to support the country, but I do not receive support from the country. I absolutely do not receive support from America; I would rather support America. While in Germany, I do not receive support from Germany; I would rather support Germany. I do not pray to God in that way. I do not ask for help in going the path of restoration through indemnity when I have not yet exhausted all my strength, when my life, which is prepared to die, has not yet died. So, I cannot pray. I think, "I will go now" only after I have done everything until I die. Do you understand what that means? However, those who say "please help" must also go the path of restoration through indemnity.

Now the owner has settled, and it's time for the son to go out.

So why am I helping this time? The first three stages of the seven-year course have ended. Do you understand? Because the first three stages of the seven-year course have ended, the time has come to help, so I help because I want to, not because you want me to. Do you understand? Yes. You may say you don't want it, but I am putting it on your back. That's the law; it shouldn't be given because you want it. Restoration through indemnity should not be done that way.

Dr. Yoon knows well. He is a member of the Unification Church, and now that he has taken on responsibilities, he listens to Mr. Moon and thinks, "Dr. Yoon has gone up." But what do you mean by "gone up"? He has gone up in the position of restoration through indemnity, but the path of restoration through indemnity is still far away. I am speaking frankly. Can the professors understand that? However, that principle is applied in the spirit world. In the spirit world, it is applied thoroughly. Just because you are a professor or Dr. Yoon or have some name value does not mean you will pass through safely. If that were the case, I wouldn't have lost in thinking about the truth. Am I doing this because I am less capable than Dr. Yoon? (Laughter) No, I am speaking frankly. I am doing this because I am capable. You must understand that I am doing this because I am more capable than Dr. Yoon. That is undoubtedly the case. Do you understand? Yes.

As I lead the scientists' conference... that is also restoration through indemnity. It is the restoration through indemnity of scientists. At first, I sat there like a servant of the scientists without any name. However, a servant-like person stands up to give a keynote speech, even though he can't speak English. Therefore, to be the owner, you must have the seed. The owner must prepare the ledger and be able to assert themselves.

Now do you understand? Yes. If you ask for help and I help you, restoration through indemnity will not happen, and your path will never open. For example, in 1974, when the district leaders said, "Oh, Teacher, we can't evangelize because the Unification Church has no house," I told them to stop that. I saw that it wouldn't work if they said, "If you help us build a house, it will definitely work." I saw that it wouldn't work. You must repent and repent before the Teacher for not building a church, and you must repent for our efforts not reaching their goal, and if you become a sea of tears that soaks the floor and does not dry, then evangelism will happen. I see that the restoration through indemnity is still left. That is why the Unification Church has not succeeded in the past 20 years. It has not succeeded because of debt. Resok, you should understand that well. Yes. Do you understand what that means? Yes. In that sense, this is a part of reflection.

So why am I helping now? The time has changed, these days. I have been able to settle down, and now it is time for you to start. Do you understand? Yes. On the ground, I am in the position of the owner, and you are now in the position of the son, so as parents, it is our duty to help wholeheartedly for the sake of the country, not for you. Yes. Because it is for the world, it is not from a self-centered perspective. It is for the country, not because of the Unification Church. Supporting the Unification Church is also for the sake of this country and the world, so even if you invest funds in the Unification Church, Satan cannot accuse you. Do you understand?

That is why it is a just act to cut off important factors in the Unification Church and push them toward the path of sacrifice. Do you understand that? Yes. If you truly want it, quickly say, "I do not want the Teacher to help me. Please help someone else. Stop helping the 430 families and help the 777 families instead. Oh, please help the people of the world instead of us Koreans," then I would say "Amen." You all say "No-men," right? "No-men." What is the opposite of Amen? No-men. It means quickly, it is No-men. So which side are you on? The Amen side or the No-men side? Amen side. Oh! (Laughter) Then have you matured? Then are you really mature?

After 6,000 years of restoration through indemnity, if you have done that much, then you should understand. So why do I take this action? Look, what the Teacher has worked hard for over the past 20 years is to plant the seed, the seed. If one seed had been planted and rotted into one, we would not have been able to harvest. However, now that 20 years have passed, we have harvested. Do you understand? Yes.

So how did we harvest? It was not just men who were harvested. Both men and women were harvested. In 1960, centered on the Mother and Father, the roots of love were planted, and now the sprouts have grown, and we see that sons and daughters, couples, have emerged who can head directly toward the ideal world of love, representing heaven and humanity. Isn't that nice? Yes. That is why I am granting you the authority of tribal messiahship. That is not something the Teacher grants. It is granted by God.

Jesus died while seeking the path of tribal messiahship. He left behind the sorrow of 2,000 years during his three-year course. He left behind the sorrow of 2,000 years. The standard for organizing the families of Joseph and Zechariah to carry out the work of restoration through indemnity was lost because this restoration line was broken, resulting in the loss of the 12 disciples and 72 followers. Because these 84 could not form a fence, they went the path of misfortune and returned to the cross. This must be restored through indemnity. Do you understand?

So the Teacher also restored this through indemnity. From Adam through Noah and Jacob, we must restore the 2,000 years of history. We must restore the foundation of 2,000 years of history to restore until the time of Jesus, so that the 4,000 years of history can be restored. Based on the restoration of that 4,000 years of history, the 20 years connected to the Teacher's era is to conclude the 6,000 years of restoration through indemnity. This course is a path of persecution, a path of tears, a path of sorrow. This is not a path of natural order. It is a path of historical order. Why? Because those who have lost love must cross over mountains and swim through deep waters without hesitation, and must go by any means necessary.

Even if there are brothers there, the brothers cannot sympathize. When crossing the mountain, you cannot hold on to each other or carry each other over. You must go alone, alone. When you go alone, you do not go dressed; you go undressed. You must run wearing only your pants. Therefore, when you step onto the thorny path, your body is bound to get hurt, and if there are enemies, if a viper bites you, death will immediately follow. There are no intermediaries. You must run this path.

For the individual, you must overcome the personal peaks and the difficult peaks of the family. When you overcome the personal peaks, you must take on the miserable path that individuals have taken in the history of humanity. If an individual is to win, Jesus must not avoid the path of the cross but must overcome it.

Next, you must lead the family. You must lead the family across the great sea, going through the ups and downs of time. While leading the family, you are not going for the sake of the family but are going while despising the family. You must pass through this wilderness. Even if a typhoon blows, you must go. You cannot go with sympathy and compassion. You must strike hard. There, the stories of tears are woven together.

Looking at the history of mothers, there are stories of tears. Although they do not shed tears in appearance, deep in the hidden valleys, there are traces of tears of misfortune. However, those traces of tears are tears shed longing for the ideal world of love. That is different. It is merely tears shed with a loving heart to create a fence of love to save all people and nations, to create a breakwater that Satan cannot invade. Therefore, you must overcome the individual process and the family process.

So even our children say, "Those parents are not our parents." They mean that in a worldly sense. The Teacher knows only the 36 families, the blessed families. It was the same in Seoul, and even in America, I would sit there all day loving them, not leaving until they got tired and ran away. Why must it be that way? Because you cannot love Abel without loving Cain. Do you understand? You cannot love Cain's son more than your own son; otherwise, Satan will not fall away, and you cannot turn back from the world of Satan to heaven. God sacrifices His beloved side. To turn back the children of the enemy, it must be through the traces of tears of love, through the bloodline of love and sacrifice, which is why I am doing this. Without that principle... God is not one who enjoys killing His beloved sons and daughters. I have known that to correct this principle of heaven, I must walk the path of misfortune until now...

To establish alternatives to resolve the crisis of the Republic of Korea and to follow the guidance given, I must ask the 36 families, "Did I love you more than our children?" and truly, I loved you more, day and night. With that, I have been saying "Let's go, let's go," walking the path of restoration through indemnity for tribes, nations, and the world, leading everyone along. I am leading families and tribes. All the families blessed in the Unification Church are all part of the tribe, and when I said in the 1970s, "Go out! Go out on the path of abundance!" they should have gone out.

So when they go out, if it's Japan, they say, "We're going out, you kids!" and there is no objection, no objection. If it's America, they go there, they go. At that time... You all know that in 1975, the International Mobile Corps came, right? They gathered young people from dozens of countries, crossed the Pacific and the Atlantic, saying, "Let's shed tears of love for Korea." Who was it for? It was not for the Unification Church. It was to shed tears for the established church and for the Republic of Korea. All the guests who passed through here have gone, but I believe that the Republic of Korea will be revived from that point through the records left in history.

And now, what Mr. Moon is doing until now, why is the Unification Church... Now, they say, "Why is the Unification Church like that? Why is that?" Why? The association budget is spent a little, but the Victory Alliance spent dozens of times more. At times like this, this is a political organization. Absolutely not. Even if it sacrifices the association or its own church, it must have the intention to save the country, so even if it spends a thousand or ten thousand times, it is for the country. That is the teaching of the Unification Church.

What does it matter what people say? They say that because they do not know. The path we are taking is undoubtedly the right one. The path I teach and walk is undoubtedly the right one. Those who criticize are wrong, so that must be corrected. If it is not corrected, it will inevitably face condemnation from the nation and the world. No matter how capable one is, they will inevitably face condemnation. Even God, if He breaks that principle, will receive accusations from all created beings, so if it does not align with that, it will be criticized. If criticized and not repenting, it is bound to perish.

That is why, even when the scientists' conference ended this time, I said not to blame the country. Do not blame the country. I worry about the future of the Republic of Korea. When I leave, I pray for the Republic of Korea. Still, this sovereignty must continue. We must empathize with those who are struggling under debt, who are crashing into reefs and unable to find direction, and even if the ship is damaged, we must combine all the surrounding strength to overcome the crisis, and the people must not condemn that.

How can we combine to turn the economic foundation around by any means within a year and a half, in 1982, 1983... Now, looking at North Korea, it is truly difficult. Since China has become friends with the United States, North Korea has nowhere to attach itself. Therefore, it is attaching itself to the Soviet Union. It is true that Kim Il-sung will transfer sovereignty in 1983, and the Soviet Union is now at a critical point where it can issue orders based on U.S. policy. The Soviet Union is standing in an intermediate position, inciting North Korea to avoid fighting and seizing a good chance to lay the groundwork for propaganda in the world.

During this period, no matter what, I believe that within a year and a half, we can somehow turn the economic foundation around. Who would not want to do it if they had the sovereignty of the country? They want to do it wholeheartedly and well, but it does not match the rhythm and frequency, which is why it happens. When a father and mother are walking the path and tell their son not to go, wishing he would not go, but he goes and has an accident and gets sick...
If you were to die, would you say you don't know that? That's the point. Then, that means it's not a single clan. In that sense, don't say this or that, everyone, but rather put in more effort. Moving forward, how to pay attention to the labor issues centered around the Industrial Mission Association... You need to understand that I am in a position to provide solutions and give directions as I leave. That is loving the country. 

Just because you acknowledge it doesn't mean you do it. Just because you don't acknowledge it doesn't mean you won't do it. Parents love their children not because they acknowledge them. God loves humanity not because He acknowledges them. Even if history is not acknowledged, as time passes, there comes a time when one must cross the great mountain to enter the wilderness. Just like you can't see the wilderness without crossing the great mountain, today we are in the process of crossing the great mountain, so my path is busy and your path is busy. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." In that sense, today in our Unification Church, the teacher is passing down the work he has done to you.

The 36 families must become a community of shared destiny and form a stream of love. So what does it mean to reflect on that once again? It connects to the three eras, the three eras. When looking at the human world, it goes through the Old Testament era, the New Testament era, and the Completed Testament era. It goes through the eras of rebirth, growth, and completion. When looking at the human world, there are people who have married on their own terms and those who have been engaged but broken off, that is, those who whispered love but ended up in destruction and could not complete their marriages, and then there are the singles. Humanity is divided into these three stages.

So the Unification Church selects the Adam family to indemnify this. Since we need to indemnify the 12 numbers, we select the 12 tribes to represent the 12 months and to match the 12 pearl gates of the heavenly nation, we must open the gates of the 12 numbers, which have been extended over the three eras, and we must compress this to make it one. 

Thus, the 36 families will form a vertical three-stage standard and a horizontal three-stage standard. In that sense, if the elder brother lives well but does not care about the younger brother's situation, and if the younger brother lives well but does not care about the elder brother's situation, that cannot be. In front of heaven, there is a shared destiny. Now is the time to center around the family. Centered around the family, we must organize our tribes and come together, entwined in love, and when we look at whether the 36 families have played that role.

I told Kim In-cheol to help this time, but what is excellent about In-cheol is that he offered his house before being told to do so for the purpose. I do not forget that. He worked hard to feed his family by emptying his entire salary envelope. I do not forget that. 

However, when I sat here and tried to instruct the 36 families to "give your house to someone," they could not do it. I have noted that. More than going against the parents, if you are told to do so for your siblings, you must give up your own room; that is the meaning of the purpose. 

Even nowadays, when they come to see the teacher and sit across... That's good. It's good, but when family members come to visit, if you don't let them in to protect the teacher more than the earnest heart of the visitor, that can work, but if you don't do that and instead keep them out with habitual and bureaucratic customs, it will be caught. Do you understand what I mean, Jae-seok? "Yes." Even if I commanded you to do all that, it will still be caught. 

When grandmothers come and shed tears, who will comfort those tears? Do you have the confidence to comfort them? "No." Moon Seung-kyun, do you have the confidence? "No." You cannot just leave it like that. I think that when a grandmother sheds tears, I feel the responsibility to comfort her and send her off. Do you understand what I mean? You must understand that. If you cannot do that, when you send them back, you must comfort them beyond that, so they can return with joy. If they leave in a flurry, it means the Unification Church members are not good. That is not a bad thing. It must be done. Do you understand?

That is why if I have time, I call them... I feel that way this time too. It's tiring, but I will meet at least one person. Because I have that heart, the teacher is needed. Do you understand, president? "Yes." You need to understand that. Suffering more... I think that way.

Those whom the teacher has raised, just because the owner is busy... Those who have been led must know that this is a foundation of purpose that has gone through various storms to establish a heartistic and heavenly connection. There are national treasures in the country, national treasures. There are antiques. What is good about antiques? Among antiques, the grandmother of Seung-do is more valuable than Jae-seok. Do you know that? (Laughter) The grandmother Ok is a more valuable antique. You must understand that antiques have hidden value. I worry about that.

To serve the teacher... When I think of you, I try to go and meet you openly, and do all this to avoid leaving anyone who will be punished for going back and forth, and to avoid leaving conditions in heaven. That is why I think that way. You must understand well. Do you understand? Now you must know that grandmothers and aunties are bathing and praying for several days to meet the teacher. When you deny that, you must shed tears and say, "I'm sorry." It must be like that. Otherwise, it cannot be. This is difficult.

So when the teacher is in front of the Unification Church members... Wherever he goes, even if he goes abroad, when the foreign members see the teacher, they shed tears because they have that heart. They know the heart that no leader in the world and no religious leader has. You must know that the man who always travels through the crossroads of tears centered on heart is Reverend Moon. That is why those who truly know the Unification Church cannot leave it. Those who do not know can leave. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

In this way, with a single heart, I must draw a line of gold, even if I cannot provide the stage of practice and the concrete of God's ideal love world. I must draw a line of gold. When the waves of God's love begin to flow like a flood during the rainy season, a stream of love begins according to the line I have drawn. That is what I want to do. Do you understand? "Yes." When this begins to flow, no one will be able to turn it back. Before this heartfelt desire appears, this stream cannot be turned back. If it cannot be turned back even with a higher heart than this, heaven will curse it, and all people will curse it, I see it that way. You must understand that I have fought for the past 20 years centered on God's heartistic love.

Now, the 36 families represent the 12 families. The 36 families must have both the Cain family and the Abel family, connecting the 72 families. What is God's wish? It is not individual salvation. It demands family salvation and tribal salvation. Therefore, it is not enough to have only the tribal leaders of the 12 tribes of Israel. A patriarch is needed. It is the 72 disciples, of Moses.

If we do not fulfill our responsibilities over the 20-year course, immense damage will come back. It is not the 70 disciples. Centered on the 12 numbers, if we make 6 numbers, it becomes 72; this means that 2 times 6 equals 12. If we make 5 numbers, it does not work. If we make 12, it becomes 10 (2 times 5 equals 10), and then it only amounts to 60. The Bible mentions both 72 disciples and 70 disciples, but 72 disciples is correct. Therefore, because the Cain and Abel of the 36 families are needed, connecting two families horizontally inside and outside is for the start of the horizontal world. This becomes the patriarch. The patriarchal authority must encompass both Cain and Abel. They must become one.

From that perspective, the 36 families centered around the 72 families could not become one. This is vertical. Therefore, if the 36 families are the ancestors, the 72 families are the fence of the ancestors. This is the first fence. Then, when looking at biblical history, after the time of Jesus, after he died on the cross, he resurrected and stayed for 40 days before ascending, establishing the 120 disciples with the coming of the Holy Spirit on Pentecost. The 120 disciples are the leaders of the world.

So what is the ideal of the family standard that the Unification Church is pursuing today? It is the family ideal. It focuses on the ideals of God's love and human love. By bringing together God's love, it brings about the start of couples who can embrace humanity, so that Satan cannot accuse them, and Satan can only follow. Thus, we are heading toward the Canaan welfare... That is why today we are going to the wilderness church. The teacher has been walking the 40-year wilderness course from the age of 20 to 60. Here, we experience hardships. We are traversing the crossroads of death.

Until now, established churches should have all gone together to the wilderness church... In terms of form, established churches are adults, while the Unification Church is youth. They are in that position, but because established churches oppose, they have become eagle food for 40 years. Now, established churches are all like eagle food. Even if they are alive, they are like living corpses. They are like dead people, living but like living corpses. This is what the eagle is tearing apart.

That is why the first generation falls in the wilderness. To prevent falling... How much of a lament did Moses leave when he could not enter the land of Canaan? I know that, so God has gone through 6,000 years of history with the established churches... I know the history of Judaism, which has bled for 2,000 years in front of the Roman Empire.

In the past, they bled for 2,000 years, but if we do not practice this over the next 20 years, immense damage will come. Now the second generation will all be taken by communists, and the first generation will all die; their necks will be cut off. Presidents and all will face a miserable history. That is why I am doing all sorts of things for the established churches through the victory movement. I am incorporating the established churches while investing dozens of times the budget of our association headquarters. How much criticism have I received while doing the interdenominational movement? That is the elder brother, as it turns out.

So what is the path of Abel? Before serving the elder brother, before seeking, without becoming one body, one cannot find the mother, one cannot find the parents. That is why now everyone is divided into two factions. Today, the world is also divided into the communist world and the democratic world, and unless these become one, God cannot be present. This is true for individuals as well. Body and mind are all divided. Body and mind, we must make these one, and man and woman too...

Look at this world. It has completely divided into the forms of Cain and Abel, and Satan is now poking at the bread and saying, "He is doing well in God's restoration providence. Just wait and see," mocking and accusing. But today, Reverend Moon comes out and breaks this fate. Body and mind must become one. Man and woman must become one. Centered on one's own opinions, centered on one's own marriage, centered on all the plans one has, we must seek the path of love, not just stepping over marriage, but with a heart that loves humanity and God, we have come out to play that role. Therefore, the family must sacrifice for the tribe.

So what is home church in the Unification Church today? Sacrifice your family for tribal salvation! That is natural. When you bring home your salary envelope, where should the wife spend that money? It should be spent for home church. It is not for your own sake, but for home church. It must be spent for Cain. Then, when Cain is educated and realizes that what he must feed and support are his own wife and children, he must understand that.

Today, pastors who do not know this think of church members as mere tools for their living arrangements, but that is not the case. In a place where sincerity is deeply felt and hearts are connected, they should say, "Because you have devoted everything to us, we also want to dedicate ourselves to you. However, since you do not accept it... you are miserable, but your sons and daughters are miserable, so we will save your sons and daughters first." Only then does the cycle turn. The elder brother comes to the younger brother's place, and the younger brother goes to the elder brother's place. Do you understand? "Yes."

So today, when the Unification Church is centered around your families and follows me, it was based on the tribal foundation, but now it has gone beyond the tribal foundation and has sown seeds like the Messiah, sowing the image of the tribal Messiah globally. Because we have come to this time, when the 20 years end, we will be able to establish home churches in the Soviet Union, in satellite countries, and in China. In any country in Africa... When viewed centered on this principle, it transcends borders. It is for the purpose of establishing home churches that connect to God's direct management system, in the form of globality. Those who oppose this, let them oppose. The more they oppose, the more we will unite! Knock, and we will unite; that is how I see it.

Now, to settle in the Canaan welfare rights, we must embark on a journey to the world.

Now, no matter how much Satan has divided everything, today the Unification Church has come out, and brothers who are not brothers, parents who are not parents, tribes that are not tribes, and nations that are not nations are coming together beyond their bounds, reaching out toward a new historical mainstream. Following the principle of love, we seek a path that can connect beyond individuals, families, tribes, nations, and the world to the heavenly world! "Amen."

So everyone, the teacher has walked the path of suffering for 40 years; what time is it now? Until now, we have been moving toward Canaan welfare. So until now, what time is it? It is a time when we must forget everything and absolutely follow Moses' words. If you take your eyes off, you will become eagle food. It is a time to take direction, until now. Do you understand? It is because we must walk the 40 years of the wilderness church era.

Now is a time of global confusion. Centered on the teacher's age, from the 1920s until now, it is a time of historical upheaval. Scholars of world history generally say that around 1960, there was a transition to a time of great change and rapid historical transformation, but why is that? They do not dream that it revolves around the Unification Church. Reverend Moon, who is just being criticized and called all sorts of names, is the worst element moving, and they do not dream that history revolves around that. In the future, when that becomes the historical solution that fits the mathematics of history, they will understand after it has passed. However, most Unification Church members know this, right? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

I said in 1978 that the communist world would decline. What does that mean? From now on, our Unification Church will go beyond the democratic world and the communist world to expand our base.
is the era that is coming in. That’s what that means. So, when attacking, it means going in the right direction. The current is changing, the direction it was flowing is changing.

Until now, it has come out in a pyramid shape. Like a goose flying, everyone must follow the teacher, no matter what, they must follow. When crossing the ocean and passing through the desert, if you go your own way, you are bound to fail. You must follow with all your might, even if you have to close your eyes and listen to the sounds. Until now, you have followed the teacher because it was the era of direction, but what time is it now? Now we have entered the era of settlement. Do you understand? Within the Canaan welfare rights.

Therefore, the era of opposition to the Unification Church is passing. Do you understand? In the United States, when the teacher fights in court and breaks all this, the era of court battles in the missionary history of the Unification Church will pass. If Jesus had won in the Roman Senate and had a victory verdict, Christianity today would not have been a blood-shedding religion. Because Jesus could not do it, I am doing it in the American courts for the sake of history. I am fighting in court to prevent our descendants from bleeding and being persecuted in history. I have been fighting in court since 1972. I must make it clear. It must be broken. When that day comes, our missionary history will leap into a new dimension. Do you understand? Yes, by whose power? By my power, not by receiving help from anyone else.

I must leave today. I am departing for that historical purpose. Just wait and see. When I fought with Carter, I fought for the world. You little brat! At that time, I couldn’t say he was a brat because I knew it would be disrespectful to the leader of a nation. Now is the time when mistakes must be condemned.

So far, it has come out longitudinally. The 36 families, the 72 families, the 120 families, what are the 120 families? They represent the nation. They are the global representatives of the time of Jesus. Therefore, when blessing the 124 families, 120 countries must be registered with the UN. It must match perfectly. Do you understand?

It has become that way. Try to match it. Why are there 124 families instead of 120 families? It is for God to save all people. Here, what is it? It is to catch four criminals and put them in. Therefore, we want to abolish hell and prisons. We want to open the door to save even those who are in all the prisons of the world.

Then, although the path for world representatives has been paved, can they find a way to come into the Republic of Korea? They cannot. Therefore, in the Republic of Korea, we must weave together all the tribes and open a way that can connect anywhere in the Republic of Korea. This is the 430 families, the 430 families. Centered on 1968, based on the short-term 4,300 years, just as the Israelite people set out toward Canaan welfare after 430 years, we are starting toward the world centered on the 430 families.

Then what are the 430 families? If you are a Kim, you are a Kim; if you are a Park, you are a Park; there are many tribes, right? There are robbers and all kinds of traitors, but we have caught and represented everything. Therefore, in this era, if those tribes do not oppose but support those who believe in the 430 families and the Unification Church, they will open the door and come in. This is the foundation that represents the entire nation.

Since this cannot be done only in Korea, we have made the relative 43 families, weaving them into the world to create a relative foundation. Therefore, we are opening the door for the Korean people and many tribes to enter the kingdom of heaven. Isn’t that right? In the eight provinces, there are now expressways that go directly between Busan and Seoul, but no matter how the side roads turn, we are opening a way that can go to one place. We are opening the door for all surnames to go to the kingdom of heaven.

To open that door, it cannot be just one person or just women entering. The established church tried to open a door for men and women to enter, but that is not us. We are trying to open a way for the couples of all tribes to enter. Centered on God’s love, centered on ideals, we are preparing to go in that direction.

Now that we have come to the settlement of love, we must weave love in the home church.

So, the families of the Unification Church are following the teacher’s lead. Parents, at the end of the teacher’s family, it now becomes pyramid-shaped. It has come out centered on the directionality of the family. However, it has not settled. So, because the teacher’s first three 7-year course has ended, now we are settling in Canaan welfare. Since it is the time to settle, the wilderness era was a time to love the teacher, serve the teacher, and absolutize the teacher, but that time has passed. Do you understand? Yes.

Therefore, you must love your brothers like the teacher and love your parents like the teacher. What is the parents’ wish? You must know that the parents’ wish is for the siblings to love the parents and become one. You must know that God’s wish is to love all things beyond loving God.

Even as I leave for the United States this time, I said such words, but until now, you have crossed the wilderness era by absolutely complying with the teacher’s words, so you have come to the settlement of love. Since you have come, you must now exercise the movement of loving your brothers, husbands loving wives, wives loving husbands, and parents loving children more than the teacher! Love not only your own family but also for the nation and the world! Set the condition that couples have loved each other and go out! Do you understand? Yes.

So, husbands and wives are coming together to enter the main activity era of the home church. If there are children, they cannot say, “Mom and Dad! Please make us breakfast before we go to school.” They must be children who can say, “Mom and Dad! We can cook our own meals, even if we eat cold rice, but let’s go to the home church!” That is the parents’ wish. With this, in the home church, you must all settle on the standard of love while establishing the conditions of indemnity that the teacher set while visiting dozens of countries around the world. In this way, what happens in the Unification Church neighborhood, in the home church, must be done as if it is happening in your own home, allowing Cain to enter Abel’s family and love Abel’s family.

Even if I cannot take care of my wife and children, someone else will take care of them. So, our Seongjin is like that. I did not raise him myself. I entrusted him to Wonpil, and he came out like this… Our Heejin, whom did I entrust her to? I entrusted her to the head of the Women’s Federation. Who did I entrust Hyojin to? I entrusted her to Chairman Kim. Why did I have to do that? It was not because I did not want to love. There is a historical reason behind this. Without resolving this, we cannot connect the path of the way, so even if it is a tragic turning point, we must endure it to find love.

In this way, as the family Cain and Abel rights settle, this time, on May 19, or was it May 16? Centered on this day, how many years has it been since the 36 families? “21 years.” 21 years, on the day it becomes exactly 21 years, I called our Yejin. At that time, she was taking an exam. They said they would be taking exams for a week, so I told her to cut that short and come! I am grateful that she came after giving up everything. She came and was not even thinking about marriage or anything, but suddenly got engaged and had the wedding the next day. If you oppose that, it will be a big deal. So, I thought it was really good that you were born a girl. Do you understand what that means? Therefore, from the perspective of the teacher’s family, Seongjin and Yejin were able to build a bridge. The foundation has been established on a flat level. Thus, the start of the second three 7-year course has become possible in earnest.

Now, the teacher is in the era of liberation, and I will go my own way… So, am I going to rest and play? After that, the economic issues they can go through, the foundation of spiritual victory has been laid, but the foundation of material victory has not been laid. What did I do for six months in Germany? Centered on the foundation of the global economic sphere, I connected the world’s best German machinery civilization with Korea and centered on Korea, I have neutralized everything that the advanced countries have exploited and opposed from all aspects with the production countries of South America and the third world. When I gave the keynote speech this time, I moved the yellow race and said that if we do not carry out the unification work between the world’s upper and lower classes, we will be accused before the archangel if we go to that country.

The saints of history were all persecuted in their time.

So, taking this opportunity, I announced it and at the same time presented a concrete plan, telling all the heads of state and intellectuals around the world to send it all out. Did you send it or not? Did you do it all, or not? “We are preparing.” What do you mean you are preparing? I told you to do it immediately within 13 days. Why are you still preparing? Before it ends, you must send it all out with a Korean stamp on any date. In that resolution, a thousand professors participated. Including their wives, it was over a thousand people. These people gathered and confirmed what Reverend Moon proposed, and dozens of the club’s executives endorsed it, and the resolution of that conference was adopted, which has never happened in the half-millennium history of the Republic of Korea. Do you understand what that means? Yes. It is unprecedented, and the fact that we have accomplished something that has never happened in history today is an amazing fact.

Recently, what about the academy? A few years ago? Was it 1974? It was around 1973, right? “It was 1973.” It was 1973. How many professors were there? 90? 93? “There were 99.” I thought it was 94 or 96, but it was 99? I should have filled it up to 100. But after doing that, they made a supporting statement and then got scolded for saying, “I was used.” At that time, the world’s scholars voluntarily came to Korea, which is not even their own country, and adopted Reverend Moon’s proposal as a resolution and passed it. Think about that. Is that something that can happen? They say Reverend Moon brainwashed them to make that happen. Well, that’s fine. Do you think they would give a keynote speech after being drugged? (Laughter) Would they write such a paper after being brainwashed? Such tricks won’t work.

You must understand that this has left a historical subjectivity that can shine brilliantly in the cultural creation of the history of the Republic of Korea. Even if the rulers of the Republic of Korea do not recognize it, history will recognize it. Even if the 38 million people of this nation deny it for now, the time will come when they can affirm it through your descendants.

This time, a new atmosphere has emerged. Isn’t that right? The chief professor was so happy that he called the president of the association, but since the president was not there, he told the president’s wife, and she rushed over saying, “Teacher, the chief professor…” and reported to me? “I did.” Oh, it was Gilja.

When I went to Konkuk University, about 500 people gathered from CARP, the Principle Study Group, and all the professors gathered, and Rubinstein was giving a speech, praising Reverend Moon from the very beginning. How unpleasant would that be? (Laughter) During the question time, I immediately confronted him, saying, “You are a world-renowned scholar, so why do you support Reverend Moon so much?” He said it was because he supports him because there are so many. (Laughter) That’s wonderful.

How much of a master was Jesus? How much of a master was Confucius? How much of a master was Buddha? How much of a master was Muhammad? And they were all killed and persecuted before their own people, the closest religious authorities. Those people became the four great saints of the world and laid the foundation for humanity to sing the dream of rest in the creation of cultural realms. That is a historical fact, which is why Reverend Moon is great. I see that the country distancing itself from me is God’s strategy to make history shine forever. I didn’t say that much, but I see it that way. It is God’s strategy. If I had said that, “Oh, Rubinstein would be pleased to be appointed as the chair,” I would have thought that. How much criticism did I receive?

When all the blue-eyed people came and I heard the praises from the chairmen this time, I was surprised, thinking, “When did those people get brainwashed?” (Laughter) They didn’t say they were brainwashed, but as it turned out, they were all moved and were all trying to ride on me. They were trying to get in through me. Why is that? It is not because I have a lot of knowledge. It is not because I have a lot of skills. They realized something in human nature, a deep flow of love. Do you understand? Yes.

What they adopted was not blind adoption. It was heartfelt…. They investigated all the Unification Church members for ten years. They investigated Reverend Moon’s comings and goings. What did Dr. Melanby say when he left here?

“Look at me. My mother made a promise with me. She said it was okay to go out in the middle if she was not feeling well.” (Laughter) That is not a disrespect to you. It is a disrespect to me, not to you. It is not a disrespect to me either, because it was a promise. If I can’t stand it, I would have finished in two hours, and since I said I would have a meeting at 8 o’clock, it has been 20 minutes, so it is only right to leave. I can’t even accuse you of that. Because I know that, I can leave. Because he is wise. So, he tells me to look at him.

Dr. Melanby was a consultant to Prime Minister Churchill. He came to the Little Angels School and met Park Bo-hui and said, “Even if this school alone has done something to be proud of to the world, looking at what Reverend Moon has done, I am doing something that is not even one percent of that. How great is Reverend Moon?” Do you understand what that means? Such scholars know that, but those who made a fuss in the Republic of Korea say, “What about the Unification Church?” (Laughter) The light is dim under the lamp. I am not a fool who goes around embarrassing the Republic of Korea. I have done things that can make many scholars around the world help the Republic of Korea.

This time, if the door is opened, thousands, about 3,000 or 4,000 professors would have come. Do you understand what that means? In Germany, to get 20 people to come, 400 people are competing. So, when I saw that they thought I was in Germany and were negotiating to come in behind me, I wondered when this Republic of Korea would ever wake up. Do you understand what that means? That’s what is happening.

True love is happy to be conquered.

I am the unworthy, criticized Reverend Moon of the Unification Church, but even that name…
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
is. As a parent, I know well. However, I am in a position where I must establish a heavenly foundation, so I have no choice but to do so. I must walk that path. 
What do you dislike? You little brats! Are we leaving right now or not?' And with tears in their eyes, they immediately set off. When you stand on the path of justice, justice can be mobilized. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." 
On the stage inheriting the tradition of love, we must reflect and resolve anew.

Today, the members of the Unification Church, just try to open your mouths in front of me. Even if you slap me, no one will be able to stop you. No matter how much suffering I have endured, I have suffered more than you. Even when I eat, I must eat the food of glory, but I have eaten miserable food, I have eaten the food of persecution, and I should have lived more comfortably than anyone, yet I have lived a miserable life. Why? To love humanity, to love God. Is there any objection to this? "No." You little brats! Is there any objection or not? If you can speak, then speak. "No." 
Even those who oppose me cannot open their mouths when they meet the teacher. 
Is that so? That authority is the authority of Moon Ik-joon, so there is no choice but to be like that. My wealth is nothing but this. This is something I cannot buy even if I pay a thousand or ten thousand times its worth. Even if I were to burn and explode all the assets of the Unification Church at once, I know the value of this that cannot be exchanged for anything else, so I live like this. 
Today, I am wearing a tie, but I try not to wear a tie if possible, and I do not try to match my clothes perfectly. Why? Because I commanded the members of the Unification Church to sleep under the eaves tonight and to sacrifice themselves in various ways, so I cannot sleep comfortably. I absolutely do not go to the restaurant alone, even if I am hungry. You must understand that. Heaven is watching. That is why I always try to carry the fence of sympathy that God can have for me, even more than my own circumstances. 
Our children are the same. When you move within the fence of sympathy, your parents become the fence and wrap you with a heart of sympathy to make it easier for you to walk that path. Moreover, the nation becomes that fence, the members of the Unification Church become that fence, all of humanity becomes that fence, and God wants to place you in a position where He can be that fence. This is the heart of a parent. This is the heart of a parent. This is an undeniable fact. 
Then, do I want to kill the members of the Unification Church and suck their blood like a vampire? No! It is to leave behind a historical tradition that you can record so that future generations can walk the right path. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Therefore, it is to absolve the responsibilities of the past 20 years. And from now on, among the Unification families here in Korea, the 36 families, 72 families, 124 families, and 430 families that have moved must leave a tradition for the world family churches that will follow from now on. That is a holy thought. Do you understand, or not? "I understand." 
In that sense, standing on the stage inheriting the tradition of love while reflecting on the past, the more you feel your mistakes, the more you reflect, and the more you have the stimulus of retrospection, the more you regret, and the more you feel lacking, the more you resolve to make new resolutions and new sacrifices. You will love your home church and not only the people in your neighborhood but also love every little creature, even the ants. Even if I urinate or defecate, if doing it there makes me happy, I will do it. With this heart of love, just try to spend three years, just three years. It is not far. Even if you put your children in an orphanage from that position for three years, they will not be unhappy at all. 
The other day, Yang Yoon-young came to greet me, and I asked, 'Is Yang Yoon-young unhappy or happy?' and he said he is happy. What is happy? He put all his sons and daughters in an orphanage. These days, he says he is the happiest. He used to worry about his children, but now he says that even when he gets a daughter-in-law, there is nothing better than that, and that heaven has arranged everything, and he boasts about his daughter-in-law. 
Yang Yoon-young rarely boasts about his daughter-in-law. He says he has received blessings like this and calls out, 'Teacher! Teacher!' 
I think like this. For the sake of the purpose, I foolishly abandoned everything at Ewha Womans University and came out without any sense, because I am honest. If I had done as I said, it would not have turned out like this. The Ewha Womans University incident would not have happened if I had done as I instructed. Just like singing a song, it is refreshing to sing from the beginning to the end, I just sang it out. (Laughter) These days, I hear more about happiness than unhappiness. Listening to the teacher's words, I put my sons and daughters in an orphanage and tried to walk that path, and heaven remembers that in history, and history supports it all. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 
So, do you understand? Do you understand why I mobilized like this? "Yes." The 36 families, 72 families, 120 families, and 430 families could not establish an emotional bond with the teacher in the world missionary process. They could not bond. Do you understand? While the teacher is running around day and night like this, they are always fighting over family issues at work, always slacking off, and always trying to get higher salaries. That cannot be. They have made a big mistake. They have cut everything off from a new perspective, and they should be grateful for accepting that. Even if they do not help a penny, they should be in a position to be thankful, but that is what they are worried about now. What will happen if the salary is cut off? Raise your hand if you will not complain about that! Now, raise your hand honestly if you will complain. (Laughter) 
You must spend money to establish that nation and righteousness. Even ants are fed by God. It says so in the Bible, right? In the Gospel of Matthew, it says, 'Do not worry about what you will eat or what you will wear. That is what the Gentiles seek. But seek first the kingdom of God and His righteousness,' and that is the word of God. I have never thought about eating. I have never thought about becoming successful. While striving to establish that kingdom and righteousness, I have become a famous person today. Isn't the teacher a model of that? 
When we look at the history of the Unification Church, when I was eating barley rice, I gave barley rice to beggars, and I saw it going into the trash can and thought, 'How miserable I am, this barley rice will become golden rice, and if even the beggar passing by my door gratefully received it, he would be blessed.' There was a time like that. 
This time, because of the physically disabled, I donated some money to the Ministry of Health and Welfare, and they said, 'If that Pastor Moon does it, it should be about 1 billion.' How much is that pastor's money? Even if it is not 1 billion but 10 billion, I would do it, but I see that the current government does not qualify to receive 1 billion. You must understand that this is the value of blood and sweat. This is different from the money you have collected; I think so. There are traces of Reverend Moon's tears and the sweat and blood of the members of the Unification Church in that. They do not qualify to receive a lot of money. I think so. If there is a subject who can receive that much, I would cooperate even if I had to sell all my possessions. I think so. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 
Today, the members of the Unification Church say, 'The teacher spends a lot of money, building factories in Germany, making plans for Africa, while making us suffer and starve. Why is that?' But it is not different. This money is for the liberation of the world and all people. You do not need liberation. Right? You do not need salvation. Do you understand? Do you need salvation? Do all the members of the Unification Church, the 430 families, need salvation? They do not need it. The teacher's thought is to use it for those who need salvation. That is a good thought in the eyes of heaven, and it is a good thought when we look at the history of the Unification Church. 
Build a temple on the foundation of the heart connected through blood and sweat. 
From now on, all the wives will be doing business. Who? Is it Han Dong-sook? Is it Han Dong-sook? "Yes." What does your husband do these days? What does he do, your husband? "He is a pastor." He is the home church leader, right? (Laughter) What was he in the past? What was he in the past? "He was the head of Unification Industries." Hmm, head, head. It is strange that the head's wife is doing business. (Laughter) What does it mean that the head's wife is doing business? In the world, they would say, 'Oh, I am dying,' and pack their bags to run away, but the Unification Church walks this path with pride in the spiritual world. Right, Dong-sook? That is different. Your future will be bright. 
So, everyone, build one church at a time. Do you understand? "Yes." If 100 people do it, you know. Earning 1 million won is something that can be done in an instant. You can earn it in a month, in a month. You will definitely earn it. I myself could do more than that right now, so what you say you cannot do does not hold. 
So, on the foundation of the heart connected through blood and sweat, build a temple, hold hands, have a dedication ceremony, and while weeping and wailing, say, 'God, thank you for this sanctuary.' I see that that suffocating moment is a precious moment. Do you understand? When I built this, how many family members were there who could do that? If the members of the Unification Church had gathered all their blood and sweat and built this sanctuary with all their sincerity, they would have gathered here and shed tears of wailing, but I see that there are no traces of such tears in this headquarters. 
That is why I do not stop by here even when I pass by. I go to the Cheongpa-dong church. Do you understand, old church? People in the world would come here to pray, but because there are traces of tears in the old church, that is why I do so. When I see that pillar, I feel like crying, and when I see that door, I feel a deep story. That is what is needed, regardless of how it looks on the outside. 
You need a home that can leave such a story, a church, a stage for your activities, a nation, and a world, so you should be grateful that this has been reduced to a home church and forgiven. It is an altar. Do you understand? "Yes." 
When you return, you must be able to organize and respond to all of this within a few hours. What I have done in my 60 years, you must do within 6 years or 6 months. On the day of the support, you will all return within 6 months. So, from now on, the more you reflect, the more you will have traces of reflection and miserable tears. How will you take this posture that makes me bow my head, and how will you greet heaven with shouts of repentance, saying, 'Heavenly Father! I have come before you whom I wanted to meet,' and without hesitation, embrace Him and have a joyful wailing? That is the path you must take. 
I am also going that way. I am still going. I will not owe you anything until I die. In that sense, a new resurrection of heart will begin. The heart that was cultivated in the 1950s and 1960s will sprout again, I see it that way. Is that right? "Yes." 
These days, when I see the members loving each other and feeling sorry for one another, the heart is being re-enacted. But be completely immersed! Be completely crazy! Forget your children, forget your family, forget your husband, and work frantically there! The winter will not be long there. Then God will come to you, and all blessings will come to your doorstep and wait for you, I see it that way. Do you understand, or not? "I understand." Do not complain but make a new start. 
From now on, you must organize the 12 tribes. Do you understand? What comes next? You must organize the 72 disciples, and then what? "120 disciples." You must organize the 120 disciples, and then what? "430 families." You must organize the 430 families. The 360 families do not reach the 430 families. Set conditions, conditions. 
Reflecting on the past, start anew with a heart filled with emotion. 
In the future, what broadcast? "KBS." If we can do the Principle lectures through KBS, will 30 million people return or not? "They will return." In how many days? In how many days? "In a week." They will return in a week. Then, if you stop the broadcast and speak to 30 million people through your mouths, how many days will it take? Will it take a week, or will it be shorter than a week? Hmm? What do you think? This is a picture of someone speaking on television, but can it be the same as someone speaking in reality? Your tears can connect, and your hearts can connect. How many days do you think it will take to return? A week, or will it not take a week? Hmm? "In three days." It will not take a week. It is because you do not know the Principle. 
Now that we have entered the era of settlement, not the wilderness or directional era, we must love our brothers. We must love our brothers. Do you understand? We must love Cain and bring him in. Do you understand? That is why Jesus lost the tribal foundation, and that must be forgiven. I mentioned it before, right? Then, we must forgive all the grievances of the three great parents, did you hear that? "Yes." 
It is the same. The teacher must experience even a little of the sorrow of being despised before this nation. Right? "Yes." There is a little left, a little. Do you understand? There is a little left. 
Who opposes that? You said your family members are enemies, but now there is no one among the people of the Republic of Korea who will oppose me. Who? Because you said your family members are enemies, the closest ones, the Christians, are opposing me. Do you understand? "Yes." Who were the ones who were the most upset during the scientists' conference? If a cousin buys a field, what does it matter? "They are upset." Who? "Christians." No, they are Koreans, Koreans. The representative of that is Christianity, Christianity. Those who say they uphold God's love and do something for the nation should not be like that. 
Knowing that, while reflecting on the past, you must resolve to make a new start. Now that you know what you did not know in the past and could not reach, you must do so with a heart filled with emotion, with more sincerity than when you were pioneering in the 1960s. Right? If there was someone who preached back then, when they were being persecuted, even if one person came, they looked like God, right? "Yes." The more intense the persecution, the more valuable it becomes. But these days, since there is no persecution, the value? It does not double. Therefore, by starving them and making it difficult for the children, can we forgive that condition of doubling? "Yes." We can. In that sense, making you suffer is God's love. Do you understand? "Yes." 
In that sense, we must make a new start. Do you want to put your children in an orphanage? You do not want to, right? Depending on the circumstances, it would be nice if I could build an orphanage, right? That is what I will do. 'Oh, how nice it would be if the teacher just built an orphanage!' These days, they are all clamoring for scholarships and asking for schools to be built. I do not know if I will build that, but I will not build it until it is truly done. I have that much money. You all have 200,000 won, 250,000 won.
should be about 700 million, right? If I have about 700 to 800 million, that should be enough, but whether I have 700 to 800 million or not is the question. It's either I have it or I don't. So, giving a few times that amount is not a problem. 

It's not a problem, but why aren't they giving it? Why are they tightening their belts? It's because they want you to be independent. In the term self-made, the character for 'made' (수) is not the character for hand (手) but the character for supply (需). It means to supply. I told you to change that character. You must become people who supply for yourselves. Do you understand, or not? "I understand." So, all the women can take 50,000 won, sell it, and grow it into 500,000 won or even 5 million won. Will you do it or not? "I will." Women, raise your hands if you will do it. Raise your hands. Then those who won't do it, raise your hands. (Laughter)

So today's title is Reflection and what? "Restart." It's a restart. Reflection and restart. Now the Unification Church must restart. Recently, I've seen a lot in the newspapers about how the Unification Church is attacking Seoul or something like that, and we must move diligently. At night, we must work like mice, and during the day, what? "Like birds." No, like ants. When the mice run out of food at night, if there is a rice container, they will drill a hole in it and get a few grains of rice... How big is a mouse's belly? (Laughter) Even if their teeth wear down from gnawing all night, they must drill a hole to find food, and similarly, we must clearly understand that we must walk this path for survival. Do you understand? "Yes."

So we must not forget the words reflection and restart. "Yes." Next time, I might give you a gift if you do well. Will you do it or not? "I will." Even if I leave tonight, you absolutely cannot come out. Please understand that, and I will conclude the teacher's words by asking you to stay well.

[Prayer]
Loving Father! Even if the path is rough, when the heart of loyalty that loves you leads me, even if blood flows from my legs, I will consider it the blood of gratitude and will tighten my collar to walk before you, knowing that there is a path to walk is due to your amazing love and authority.

I stand here now, and when I hear someone say that I am over 60 and talk about successors, I feel regret that I have not yet fulfilled my duty of loyalty before you. When I think of such things, I wish to spend the rest of my life with all my strength, having started on the path of suffering, and even if I finish my life on that path of suffering, I ask you, Father, to guide me so that I can beautifully complete all of this.

What I need is not power, nor money, nor knowledge. I only need a way for the nation to seek you with tears centered around your love. If there is a way for all of humanity to forget everything and follow your path of love with tears, that is the only way. While I am alive, I must leave behind the materials of tradition so that the living tradition can be a source for the young people of the Unification family in this era and in the future. This is the path I must go, knowing that it is my duty in this era and time, Father, please remember this Unification group that is spread throughout the world.

As I think of this lonely place in Korea, I offer my prayers with tears, hoping that the path of the teacher will be filled with blessings. Their voices, which wish to be saved, are not for their own sake but for cooperating with you and for the victory of your will. I am a pitiful person, and they are pitiful too, so please remember them and bless them with your hand of blessing, so that they do not become a group that betrays heaven while drinking the bitter cup of defeat in a place of despair, but rather drink the cup of victory and can be heard as a song of glory and praise. Father, I ask you to help make this happen.

Father! Now please join us in the struggle happening in America. That struggle can show how glorious and loving you are, and can show the noble appearance of the Unification Church, and can demonstrate the true nature of your sons and daughters. Because I know this, I go forward without caring about anything. I do not want to hear the prayers and tears of the pitiful, nor the cries of those who bear grievances. I believe you know that too. Please have compassion on them and allow their wishes to be fulfilled, forgive the American people, and bless the American courts so that they can walk the good path. I ask you again.

Father! I will be in Korea for 20 days this time. There have been many changes and many stories during that time, but please do not let this journey be one where I cannot leave behind the love of heaven or a foundation of victory where the nation can dwell. Even if I am scorned and despised, if there is a way for heaven to come and bless the future of this nation...

Knowing that if I do not hold onto this and pray, the way for all humanity to fall into despair will be blocked, please forgive the mistakes of the nation, and if there are mistakes among the rulers, please forgive them. I know that they are going that way due to ignorance, so please teach them and help them to practice. If they still do not act, it is heaven's law to rebuke them, so I hope that your will to teach them and apply the truth can be applied to this nation and this land. I earnestly hope and wish for this.

Please bless the steps of all the scholars from around the world who attended this scientists' conference. I earnestly hope and wish that when they hear the news of Reverend Moon and await the day of victory, they may receive blessings a thousandfold and ten thousandfold.

Now, Father, protect this altar. The group that is left behind has vowed to leave a history of fierce battles. Please allow them to be a group that, even if they struggle and cry while holding onto one life, will dedicate all their sincerity to pioneering the peak of grievances. I earnestly hope for this, Father.

Until we meet again, please protect them. Please remember the Unification groups in Korea and around the world, and remember the future of this nation and this people, and protect the democratic world while paving the way for the victory of the communist world. Thus, I ask you to allow the day of heaven's glory, and I thank you for this time you have granted. I offer all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen.

Finding the True Owner
How do you feel coming out early in the morning like this? "It's good." It's not good, right? I told you it wouldn't be good. "It's good." You don't know. What is good about it? You have no choice but to do it. "No, it's not."

The most precious and important thing is that it is imbued with eternal love.

We cannot deny that you are moving around a center, whether it be a group or a society. The person in that central position must have the qualifications of an owner. When we say owner, it means the central person.

For that group or organization to become excellent, the center and the counterpart must become completely one. In a school, for example, the teachers and students must become one centered around the school. The same principle applies to any company.

Now, in this view, what must the center and the counterpart unite around? The school must unite around learning. The company must unite around business.

Then, when a company or school unites around business or learning, what is it pursuing as true? There must be something enduring connected rather than something temporary. From that perspective, ideological issues, spiritual issues, and issues of love come into play.

However, while a school needs ideological support centered on itself, it also requires a greater ideological backing. It demands something larger than the school itself. It expects something spiritual centered around something greater. When considering a school, especially an elementary school, there must be ideological unity, but it must also connect to higher middle and high schools, higher universities, and the larger world. The same goes for a workplace. A workplace does not exist in isolation; it is connected to the nation and the world.

When we look at it this way, what is the best thing for oneself in this world? What is the best thing in the world? Think about it. What is the best thing for you? What is the most important thing? "True Parents."

If you are an American, you think about your country as an American. When you are in your country, you may not realize its value, but once you cross the border, your country is immediately evaluated. You must understand that.

What is important to you is your country. And what is important within that country? "House." What is important to you is your home. More than school, more than work, more than anything else, what is most important to you is your home and your country. We can conclude this.

Why is that? Because there is an eternal connection centered around parents and siblings that cannot be severed. There is a long-lasting bond. It is not simply because you eat together. In fact, many prefer to eat at a restaurant rather than at home. What is there? If it is parents, there is the love of the parents, and even if siblings fight and bicker, there is love present there too. This is the case for everyone. Being infringed upon in love is something that no one can tolerate.

Only true love can be the foundation for eternal ideals or ideological structures.

So, is freedom precious, or is love precious? "Love." It is not freedom; it is love. True love is enjoyable even in a constrained position. It overcomes all conditions of unfreedom. Do you understand that? "Yes." In places like America today, there is a lot of emphasis on freedom, but isn't it lamentable that they cannot advocate a higher love than freedom?

If we think that there is a master of freedom, who would that be? That person would be someone who denies all laws and everything else. Therefore, the master of freedom cannot be a master who can be forgiven within our ideal realm, and this conclusion arises. Think about that.

If there is a master of freedom, then all of the counterparts of that master are also 'free.' They think that way too. What does that mean? It means that freedom cannot be a true master. Can knowledge, for instance, be a true master? Knowledge is always evaluated, distinguishing between good and bad. It brings forth a condition of authority that says, "I know more than you, so you must submit to me." 

Now, looking at it this way, if someone is just a little smarter, they might not be attractive in appearance or in any other way, yet they want to dominate someone who is not as knowledgeable as they are. So, there is a lack of true ideals in that situation.

What comes next? What is important to humans? Money. Money. What can you do with money? It is about living better than others. Generally, those who have had money until now have been making a fuss centered around themselves. They ignore the poor and disregard all environmental conditions...

They try to dominate everything with money. Those who are bound by money, who are dragged along by money, do not want to follow a master centered around money forever.

Now, what about power? Of course, power is good. Our Unification Church members feel the same way. Especially Americans value their status and position highly. If that is infringed upon, they feel like they are going to die. That infringement is like a death sentence. The power structure prefers to rise and absolutely hates to fall. (Laughter) How far will they rise? They want to be the best in the world. And if God exists, they think, "Oh, I must dominate Him too."

Everything in this world operates on principles of circulation. When we consider the principle of circulation, if something is high, it must know how to lower itself. That is how development occurs. In this view, we cannot trust the owner centered around power. There is nothing eternal in that.

So, what can be the foundation for eternal ideals or ideological structures today? Here, everyone naturally thinks of the issue of love. If one has only true love, it does not matter if they have no money, no power, or no knowledge; everything is resolved. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

The center of love in the family is the parents.

Today, when we talk about 'country,' it inevitably leads to discussing ideology, and we speak of patriotism. We say such things, right? Then when we return to the family, we inevitably discuss love. Love cannot be done alone. There must always be a subject, absolutely. There must always be a subject.

So, what is the center of love in the family? You American family members may not know well. It must be the parents. It cannot be anything else but the parents. The parents and children wish to unite in true love centered around the parents.

Do you all have parents? You all have them, right? "Yes." If the father disregards the mother and says, "You children should not resemble your mother," would you like that? How does your heart feel? (Laughter) If you look closely, there are many aspects where the mother is better than the father.

When looking at parents, if they argue based on their own interests, the children dislike it. So what do the children want? If the father praises the mother and the mother praises the father, how would that be? "That would be good." Rather than just praising each other with words while giving orders every day, it is better to elevate the wife, and that is what makes everyone happy. Isn't that right? "That's right." Then the children will say that their mom and dad are the best. They want to be embraced in that environment.
How can we say "my check, your check" in such a way? 
Just because Dad is great, it doesn't mean we can ignore Mom and consider her nothing. 
This is what it means. We need to go beyond money. We need love that transcends money, and we want that.

Also, just because Dad is the president of a company, it doesn't mean he can treat Mom, who didn't even finish elementary school, like one of his female employees, telling her what to do just because he is the president. (laughs) You need to understand that she doesn't like that. 
There is no need for power at home. There is no need for authority or power. 
And knowledge... even if someone has several doctoral degrees, if they come home and say, "You don't know anything," just because Mom didn't even finish elementary school... no matter how great a father he is, even if he has a Ph.D., only the love and care for each other can cover everything. 

Does that sound right? "Yes." I'm not sure either. "That's right." It is indeed true.

But it's not just between Mom and Dad. Even among siblings, they say, "Hey, you! I'm the older sister, and you're the younger brother, so you should listen to me," and they don't like that. They don't like it. Only love...

And if I were to talk about the relationship between the sovereign of a country and its people, the same principle applies. In a democratic world, sometimes the Democratic Party holds sovereignty, sometimes the Republican Party does, and if there is a Communist Party, they might hold sovereignty as well. Is that an ideal situation? "No." Is that a "no"? "Yes." Why? When the Democratic Party holds sovereignty, the Republican Party opposes everything. They all oppose it. The Communist Party opposes it too. There is no ideal there, and it leads to the conclusion that an order of love cannot be established.

This chaotic world can only be resolved through love.

Now, are you people living in an ideal world? Are you living in an ideal society? "No." Then what kind of society are you living in? You are living in a world of chaos and contradictions. So what should we do? What should we do? That is the problem. What should we do?

What we want is to live in an ideal society, but we are living in this chaotic and contradictory world, so what should we do? That is the problem. How can we resolve this chaotic and contradictory world? With power? "No." Think about it. Can it be done with power, like the Communist way? It might work for a while, but they can't always do that. If they rise, they will fall. There is no other way. Nowadays, even the Soviet Union has been struggling with famine for three years... Who wants that? If heaven decrees it, it happens. 

You need to understand that even with the power that can transcend a nation, a world of peace cannot come. Do you understand what I mean? And what about knowledge? Knowledge alone cannot do it. What about money?

So, in this context, what is the only thing that can make it possible? What is the only thing that can make it possible? "Love." It is love, but we need true love. It is a common-sense conclusion that if we have true love, it is possible.

So what exactly is true love? What does true love mean? What kind of love are we talking about? "God's love." What is God's love? According to Jesus' words, it is the love that loves one's enemies. That kind of love is true love, do you understand? Loving among white people is nothing. Right? It is closer to true love when white people love black people. Loving one's enemies is undoubtedly true love.

So why is the love that loves one's enemies true love? How does it become true love? The conclusion is that no one can criticize or complain about it. Do you understand? It is always round and can always return. It can operate without conflict. That love can come in here or there, or anywhere. (gesturing) It can come into the eyes, the nose, or the mouth.

Recently, I heard Mr. Kim Young-woon say that when he decided to love his enemies, there was nothing more comfortable in the world. (laughs) There is nothing to get caught up in. Do you understand? There is nothing to get caught up in. Why is it comfortable? Because there are no obstacles wherever you go. Does that sound right? "Yes." If there is such a person, would you want to follow that person or not? "I would want to follow." What do you want to follow? "Yes." That means it would be the same for whites, blacks, and yellows. It is the same in the past, present, and will be the same thousands of years later. If that is the case, that is amazing.

The true owner of the world is someone who acts with global love.

You see, saints, so-called saints, like Jesus, Confucius, Buddha, or Muhammad, what did they advocate? Their life goal was to love all people. In their hearts, there are no borders. They have already transcended borders. Moreover, they have already overcome their habits and customs.

Now, if you are American, you cannot transcend the habits and customs of Americans. You have to eat cheese and bread. But Koreans have to eat gochujang and kimchi. (laughs) Habituality is truly frightening. Customs are truly frightening. They cannot transcend borders.

However, an international person is someone who, even if they face difficulties and persecution, chooses to live loving them. When I see the missionaries of our Unification Church, there are American missionaries, German missionaries, and Japanese missionaries, but I always observe how many of them come back to the headquarters and say they won't go back. Those who come back and say they won't go because it is tough and difficult become ordinary people. However, what is amazing is that when I see many people who are willing to go even while facing persecution, I often think that the people of our Unification Church are wonderful. (applause)

A saint is someone who wants to love the world beyond culture and borders. There are four great saints in the world. It is miserable that, despite the countless people who have come and gone, there are only four great saints. So what is a saint? A saint is someone who thinks of all people as their own family and considers everyone as their own countrymen. Do you understand what that means? That is what makes someone a saint. That is why, as history passes, the number of people who want to follow such a person increases.

So how many such people are there in this world? Are there Americans like that? Right now, there is a global anti-American movement. They are protesting against America. Why? Because they take everything away when they go. You all know that. They didn't teach the good things. Do you think that is a nation with true love? "No." They are bound to be criticized. That is justice.

So what is true love? It is the opposite path that must be taken. You need to understand that. If America invests in another country, they should not think of anything beyond what they invested. They must forget that. If parents treat their children by saying, "You get this much, and you get that much," making a checkbook and notebook to record everything, and if they keep track of how much they spent on raising them, would that make them feel good? Do you want that? "No."

They forget everything. The greatness of parents is in giving and forgetting. That is the foundation of the ideal form of a family unit. It leads to the conclusion that one cannot seek an ideal world beyond that. Now, if all the members of the Unification Church become people who can love the world beyond the borders of America, the world will unite centered around the Unification Church.

Now, the title is "In Search of the True Owner," but who is the true owner of the world? Anyone who can act with global love, as mentioned, will be the true owner of the world. If parents have savings in a piggy bank but do not send their children to school because they do not want to take money out of the piggy bank, that is not acceptable. It is the same. They must give for the world.

What do the members of the Unification Church do?

So what do the members of the Unification Church do? Look. A person with a beloved son knows that they can love that son for ten years or even until they grow old and die without getting tired. What about you in the Unification Church? If you have been in the Unification Church for about three years, you start to get tired. Are you tired? "No." That is because this perspective is not clear. If you are seeking the path of global love and trying to meet the true owner, then you cannot get tired within America. If you get tired after crossing borders and going through several countries, that is something to think about.

Can you find the true owner if you get tired in less than three years? "No." You must go for a lifetime, and you must be willing to seek for eternity. The same goes for me. Even though everyone opposes me here in America, I don't need to come here. But even if America opposes me, I try to overcome that, and even if the Communist Party opposes me, I try to overcome that. I am trying to overcome it with love. That is the ideology of Reverend Moon. (applause) For eternity...

Now, everyone, how do you feel since I am not here? How do you feel? "Lonely." Why do you feel lonely? Is there no one from your country? Are there no white people like you? Is there no teacher? Is there no religion? There are many, so why do you think of Reverend Moon, a Korean person, that way? It is because, for some reason, your heart feels that way. But when the teacher comes, for some reason, you feel uplifted. You feel settled. Why? Because God's love is there with you. There is nothing else.

Now, we are sitting here early in the morning. What for? Even if it is dark, overcoming the darkness and the cold is the path of love. That is the path of love. We are here to seek the path of love.

The teacher has been persecuted throughout his life and repeats this play, but he does not get tired. When he passes by and looks back, it tastes good, it has value. There are many persecutions ahead, but when looking back, there are people who care for me... People of all races welcome him. There is something like that. That is why the taste of looking back is more valuable, and that is why he continues on. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." That is the path of love.

If I were in a position seeking power, there would be no one like that. If I had come here to make money or to seek knowledge, I would be lonely. You need to understand that. No matter how much persecution there is, it is not lonely because there are groups of love, groups that can love.

When Japanese members come... Koreans and Japanese are enemies. They are enemies, enemies. But Japanese people are willing to die for the teacher. Why? Because they are not dying for Reverend Moon, but for the love that Reverend Moon advocates. When you see that, it is possible to overcome even the country of enemies.

Also, when it comes to America, there are Japanese people who come and sacrifice for America, right? When you look at them, they are older and have many children, but how many of them are willing to leave America? This is a great movement. It is truly a great movement. It is a great movement. Why? It is not because the principles of the Unification Church are great, but because the power of love centered around the purpose is great. You need to understand that.

Where in this world is there an organization that can transcend the world of enemies, and how many people like that are there in this world? That is the question. How many are there? What about the members of the Unification Church? "They are such people." Is that so? You are all saying, "Oh, my fiancé!" You cannot get beyond that fiancé. "That is not true." (laughs) "Oh, when will I get married?" Is marriage the problem? Is marriage the problem, or is saving the world the problem? "Saving the world." You know that well. Even if I cannot get married, is saving the world more urgent, or is getting married more urgent even if I cannot save the world? "Saving the world is more urgent." That is right.

From God's perspective, your wedding is not important. God does not consider your wedding to be significant. How significant do you think it is? Is it a big problem? What do you think? "A small problem." It is a small problem. If the members of our Unification Church ignore all the big problems because of this small problem, that is a shocking event.

You all say you want to meet your fiancé and get married, thinking that marriage is the greatest hope. But what if you get married and things go wrong? What will you do when you lose hope with your fiancé? (laughs) What will you do? But if your heart is steadfast in loving the world and humanity, you can find everything. How can you seek the world when husband and wife cannot love each other? That is important. That is what is important. You need to understand that it is important. Marriage is not just for one person to love the world; it is for the couple to come together to love. How grand is that? 

If they talk about loving the world and overcoming difficulties together, how wonderful is that?

We must find the true owner. So who is the true master? The true master is someone with great true love. So who is that person? We believe that it is only God. When we look at the world through the eyes of the true master, God, how will the world look? When we speak, love, and engage through God's ears and senses, what will it be like? Have you experienced that?

So how will God love? He will love by looking at all of history, from the time of creation to the present and into the future. This is what is said. From the time of creation, he will look at the history of the past and continue to love into the future. Do you understand what I mean? 

That is why God, having created all things, will...
Love is about loving the life that is given. It is about how it was created, how it was born, and how it was lived. It is love based on such principles that has established great love. Therefore, even if humanity falls, it cannot forget that love. When we see how miserable things have become despite having such standards, it is not a matter of saying, "Hey, you children! Is this how you should be?" Instead, it is about seeing it with more compassion. That is what is great.

For this reason, our true heart seeks to go to higher places. What would be the highest point? What would our true heart prefer the most? It is eternal love, eternal love. Only eternal love can possess everything and harmonize with everything. 

Therefore, today… that country, the organization of the spirit world is like that, the organization of the spirit world. Just as parental love unites with children, a world that seeks to care for one another based on love and to harmonize based on love is the ideal world where God resides.

Then, after having a true owner, can we move again? If the owner is the subject and I am the object, then the thought of the subject is the thought of the object, and the actions of the object are for the subject. Look, everyone, the work done for the True Master is not just for the True Master. It is for the entire world. Think about it from the perspective of a world where love resides, a world connected to the love of the true owner.

The term "restoration through indemnity" in the Unification Church is established for this reason. I live today on this limited land, in America, in New York, but I am staking the world. To realize your ideals, you must find and meet your true owner. It is something that must be sought over eternity. It must be sought over eternity.

Right now, you may think that what I am saying is "Well, it could be that way in the world," but try dying and see if it is true or not. What will you do then? Will you walk that path? What will you do? To live in that world, you must do it here on this earth, on this earth. In that sense, a lifetime is too short. A lifetime is too short. When you realize that, the question of how to find relative value that matches that realm in this short life is an extremely important issue. You must seek it every day. A day feels like a thousand years, and after that, you must continue again and again. You must find it. 

Students, the period of taking exams is the most serious, right? A lifetime is even more serious than that. A lifetime is more serious.

God is grading our lives, based on our lives. He is grading our entire life. He looks at one year, two years, and assigns scores. (While writing) "Are you saying that God grades this?" Yes, He grades our lives.

Now, look. Every word you say is one of two: a good word or a bad word. When you act, good and evil are already determined. No matter where you sleep, is it good sleep or bad sleep? It is one of two. Is your laughter good laughter or bad laughter? It is all the same, all of it.

To create an ideal world, you must sacrifice for the whole.

So, what does it mean to be a true owner? It means to guide in such a way that there is no bad. What is good? What is bad? Good is for the whole. What is evil? It is to seek only for oneself. That is how it is.

Now, will the world become one if you are told to seek only for yourself? Will it become an ideal world? "No, it won't." Then what must be done? You must sacrifice for the whole. However, if you say you are doing it for others, serving, you must not complain when it gets hard. Even if you want to complain, you must say thank you. You must say thank you. The Unification Church must train for such things. I make you do everything you dislike. If you continue to do only what you want, the world will become even more evil. 

What about fundraising? You dislike fundraising, right? Working as a member of the Mobile Fundraising Team, you can't spend even a penny. That is how it is. But that doesn't mean that Reverend Moon exploits everyone; Reverend Moon's pocket is an empty pocket. (Laughter) What is it spent for? To save the world. There are many scientific conferences and various events happening.

By doing this, do I become like those people, or do they become like me? "They become like Father." Everyone is becoming like the teacher. Great and famous professors are becoming like the teacher. (Applause) This is not just something done in the teacher's lifetime; if you also carry it on, they will keep resembling you, and the world will become one. This is not a bad thing; it is a very good thing.

You, who are unattractive and worthless, should have spent money to influence the world's scholars. Could you spend it better than that? You, who seem like nothing, earning money to influence such famous people, that is well spent. Is it not? "It is well spent." How could you spend it better than that? You struggle for that, but the world… here you keep going out and struggling, but up at the top, it is turning around and coming back.

Now, think about the fact that when the teacher gave a keynote speech (at the scientists' conference), 1,100 people, including women, adopted it all as a resolution. (Applause) That did not happen in a day. Ten years have passed, ten years. If this had been done for about three years and then stopped, what would have happened? Nowadays, if you ask Unification Church members, anyone will say, "Oh, we must not stop that," but in the past, if you asked, more than half would have said, "It would be better to stop." That is how it is.

True love must transcend time. It must transcend history. So what do we do? We come to know God and return to God.

If the teacher were to go before God and say, "Hey, Reverend Moon! What have you been doing all this time?" and if he were to respond, "Oh, I did this and that," what do you think would happen? "You sacrificed all the Unification Church members, made them work hard, and what did you do with all the professors who are living well?" Would he be scolded or praised? "He would be praised." Reverend Moon has already become famous in the world of scholars; they are going to blow the trumpet for tens of billions of people this time.

Now, the money earned through your hard work… especially the Japanese members who struggle the most, the island nation of Japan, have worked hard so that all the people of the world… What more education could there be? God is also difficult. The Japanese have not researched anything until now. They have stolen others' work and made it all, and now they have become a great economic kingdom in the world. (Laughter) That is how I think. Because the Unification Church members in Japan are doing the most precious work for the world, I think heaven may be angry but cannot help but bless them. Why? Because the budget keeps rising. It has been rising every year. Since it is rising, to make fundraising go well… if it doesn't, it would be a big problem. To make it go well, they must be blessed. (Laughter)

They sold a marble vase for $250,000. Look. Such things are happening. Such things are occurring. Isn't it that the spirit world is making history for us, that when you try to just go into a store, your feet get stuck and you can't leave, and you have to buy it? All sorts of things happen. (Laughter) Do you believe that? That is the truth.

Now, if the Japanese members are going to struggle more, I think all the blessings of the world will gather in Japan. On the other hand, the American members are told to dislike fundraising. Is that American money? No, it is God's money. It is not American money. It is God's money, and when God needs it, it moves. That is the truth. Now, a small Japan never dreamed it would become like this in the world. The brilliant ideas in electronics were given to us by the spirit world for our sake.

The Unification Church must be the bridge necessary for God to love humanity.

We must grasp God centered on true love. The way to occupy God is that. Is there a way to occupy God? It can be done. However, that does not mean that God is occupied and complains. He likes it. He likes it. You are the same. When it is done with true love, if it was done with true love, no one will reject it. It is the same. (Laughs) If you can occupy God, is there anything more to desire than human desire?

The problem is to occupy the world, to occupy the world. We are going for such a purpose, and we are going for such work. To receive greater love from the owner, if that person does a hundred businesses, they must do all those businesses with sincerity. Only then will the owner trust them. It is the same. Is it easy to find God, who has been alone throughout history, governing history and the universe, as my true owner? There is nothing to dislike or like. If you can occupy Him and are occupied by His heart, you will be loved. It cannot be done with anything else, with knowledge or power. It is impossible.

In other words, God must love, but to love, a bridge is needed. There must be someone to build a bridge from individual to individual, from individual to family, from family to tribe, from tribe to nation, from nation to world, and from world to the spirit world. There must be a bridge, but there is none. If God is to love the people of the earth, He must build a bridge. Therefore, our Unification Church must become that bridge. When God goes, if true love connects and builds an unbreakable bridge, He will go freely, and you must have that heart and attitude.

Now, when you think about that, will you be able to work hard for about ten years and then stop? Will you do it for about twenty years and then stop? Will you do it only when you are young, in your youth, and stop in your middle age? When I die, I must leave it for my descendants. I must leave this precious tradition.

Now, what is Reverend Moon leaving for the young people in America? "Yes." They say "yes," but what is it? Is it money? What is it? "True love." Can you see that true love? Can you not see it? "I cannot see it." It is the heart and attitude, the heart and attitude that says, "I must save this America when I look at it; it must be me." There must be such an owner. Then we must quickly save America and save the world. Since America is the center of the world, if we make America like that, the world will soon become like that. It will happen quickly.

The ideology we have is not bad. The ideology we have is one that God likes and one that can receive God's love. In any case, this ideology will dominate all humanity. Even if the world is conquered, the world itself will not complain. Only there will the ideal world be realized, and the world of peace will come. Therefore, we must seek the owner of love, for the owner of love, and I must serve the owner of love; you must always think that there is nothing more precious than that.

The foundation where you can find your true owner is home church.

I am telling you to do home church now, but it is not to do something you dislike. I am asking you to do it to leave a world of love for you. Start practicing true love centered on home church. That is where it begins, from there. Many of you are being chased away by your parents, right? Many are facing opposition, right? However, while your parents oppose you, your ancestors in the spirit world are supporting you. Then your descendants will praise you. It is because the parents do not know.

From that perspective, you must realize that creating your own fence and nest with silent love centered on a certain village or region is the most precious thing. Therefore, you offer the love of the true owner centered on home church. This is the target. Everyone, how many times do you think God will visit your home church if you put your heart into it? Have you thought about that? Think about it. You must be able to have God guard your path and follow you.

When is that time? It is not when I am full and feeling good. It is when I am hungry and shriveled. Even when I am in pain and about to collapse, I cannot help but love home church, and because those people are waiting, if I go with a heart of love, God will be with me. Do you understand what I mean?

You must always think about whether God can accompany me to my home church. Have you thought about that? Have you done it? "Yes." That is spiritually the time when the True Parents can surely walk with me, when it can actually happen. Then, in home church, you will surely be welcomed absolutely. You will be absolutely welcomed.

When the members come, if they do not see them, people will ask, "Why isn't the member here today? Why didn't they come?" and one person after another will ask, "Did you see the member today?" (Laughter) That is how you become close, like that. It will definitely happen like that.

Now, you must think that you are going with God, and with true love, you are going with the True Parents. Then, if God appears, what will He say? If He has compassion for the poor, He will shed tears and speak with tears in His eyes.

Look. How many thousands of years do you think it took for this home church to come into being? Reverend Moon created one home church through his entire life. So what do we want to do? We want to bind all people as one family, as brothers. Isn't that right? Therefore, we want to create brotherhood and have parents there. Then it becomes a family.

Then how good will that home church area be? What will the joy be like when we have God and one parent? When we go to the spirit world, God will take me. If a woman is born in a narrow area, she will follow her husband when she grows up, right? It is the same.

So, now that home church is truly the foundation where you can find your true owner, through home church, by loving…
You have a path to get close to the Lord, and you must know that this is a pride that no one else possesses. It is a pride that only the Unification Church has.

Think about having devoted yourself for 1 year, 2 years, 10 years, or 20 years. How deep would that devotion be? How profound would it be? That is necessary. Through that, we want to attract God's attention. From there, if you have one or two people who have truly loved, then the whole home church will... That is the ideal world. When one is born, it is as if one child of God has come into existence. Day and night, you are to devote yourselves and reach out. When such a movement occurs, without a doubt, the ideal world will be realized. Then God Himself cannot help but come and dwell in that world.

When love is at the center and intertwined, everything connects. When you yearn for God and struggle without even realizing it, the spiritual world opens up. When the heart that loves God is intense, the spiritual world opens. That is why you must pray. Do you understand what I mean? The spiritual world opens only on the path of true love, only on the path of true love. That true love is not done alone. It is with a partner... Those who can live in such a relationship will automatically follow the world of God's love.

So, you need to have such experiences. Do you understand what I mean? Such experiences are necessary. When you are immersed in the realm of God's love, everything changes, and the world changes. Even when you are alone, you are not lonely. Everyone is a friend, everyone. I sincerely hope you understand that this is the most precious path that humanity must seek. Do you want to find that path? "Yes" *

Selected Words of Rev. Sun Myung Moon <Volume>
Printed January 15, 2002
Published January 25, 2002
Editor: Rev. Sun Myung Moon's Words Compilation Committee
Publisher: Hwang Seon Jo
Publishing Company: (株) Seonghwa Publishing
Address: 172-1 Cheongpa-dong 1-ga, Yongsan-gu, Seoul
Phone Number: 715-3894~6, 701-0110 (Cheongpa Bookstore)
FAX Number: 701-1991
Registration Number: No. 3-98
Registration Date: May 20, 1961