Mr. Sun Myung Moon's Selected Words
118
Mr. Sun Myung Moon's Words Compilation Committee

Foreword
                   President of the World Peace Unification Family Association, Hwang Seon Jo

Table of Contents
  Foreword …………………………………………………… 3
··························································································9
······················································································70
······················································································156
······················································································165
······················································································190
······················································································277
······················································································400
······················································································400


8  
9 
 God and My Home
 
What you always think about is probably, 'Is there a God? What is the essence of this universe?' You acknowledge that all things came into being from God. Then how did God come into being? This leads us to such questions. This has been a realm that we have not been able to touch until now. In philosophy and all realms of thought, we had to acknowledge it and establish all logic without digging into it. You must understand that this is the human position.

To exist, there must be movement between subject and object.

So, when we say God existed, did He exist quietly, or did He exist while moving and acting? (Laughter) God must have been moving and acting. Then, how does one move, and how does movement occur? We begin to think about these things. What are centrifugal and centripetal forces, the force that pushes and the force that pulls? There must be such forces, but what are the pushing and pulling forces? One pulls, and the other pushes; are they opposing forces? What are they? Is it a force that collides and destroys, or what is it? It is not for the purpose of colliding and flattening but for the purpose of revolving around each other.

Now, behind the existence of God as a personality, there was the beginning of such movement. It started from such actions. We can think in this way. When we establish the concept of harmony rather than conflict in the forces exchanged in movement, we can adopt the subject-object concept here.

Now, the plus wants to go this way, and the minus wants to go that way. (While writing on the board) When everything moves, why does it move in a parabolic shape? When we observe this, we can establish the logic that it became motivated here. Why is it not a straight line but a curve? This is because God's action draws a parabola from the start towards the minus. When a satellite goes up and enters orbit, it also draws a circle based on this principle. Thus, from here, it begins to act circularly, and in that circulation, eternity begins.

Similarly, all beings in the universe, large and small, revolve around a single center, and we can think that we are also beings revolving in a fixed orbit within the great universe. This is independent and autonomous, isn't it?

Now, if we look at it this way, what is God? It is the core that can move and act. In the universe, there must be a core of action, a single motivation. Because this core exists, such actions occur. Furthermore, while this core revolves, we can think that it possesses the inner nature of subject and object. (While writing on the board)

Thus, this movement has such a nature. It is plus and minus. If this is minus, then there must be plus here…. This repels, and this attracts, so it revolves.

This is the principle of a motor and the principle of a generator. (While writing on the board)

Now, when we look at it this way, what is the center of this universe? It is an entity of combined plus and minus actions. If the core is like that, then all entities that interact with this core must resemble it. This is man. This is woman. All qualities of man resemble this core, and women also resemble the core of this center. They resemble here and resemble there; there is no place they do not resemble.

Even moving one eye is different. Everything moves in harmony with essence. And your laughing and crying are opposites. But are they disconnected or connected? "They are connected." They are connected. Laughing is going up, and crying is going down. This is rising, and this is falling.

Now, when a person says, 'It is beautiful, it is dramatic,' where does that come from? It comes from the scenes of crying and laughing, from laughing and crying. (Laughter) If they could not connect, how could there be harmony? That is the problem. The time it takes for this to happen is shortened, making it dramatic.

Now, what is that? It means that there is an action that can spin quickly. The concept that everything is good is included here.

All actions are meant for the other.

Now, when we look at it this way, why do we in the Unification Church refer to God as the duality of masculinity and femininity? You must understand that such a concept arises from here. There is no time to discuss this further.

Scientists say, 'The universe is made of power. The universe is formed by power.' The universe is said to be made of power. So, here, it moves. It is all correct. Then, when we look at the universe, is power first, or is action first? Is matter first, or is spirit first? This is a big question. "It is spirit." So, when we see this, we can say, 'Ah! Spirit!' (Laughter) The question of how to synthesize this concept is an extremely difficult one.

Then, does power just come into being? Does action just come into being? For power to arise and to exist, there must be prerequisites. What are those prerequisites? That is the question. Without the concepts of plus and minus, subject and object, absolute power cannot be established. Therefore, before action, there must be power, and before power, there must be this (plus, minus).

When you sing, is that an action? Action? Why do you sing? Do you sing for yourself, or do you sing for the other? Generally, who do you sing for? "For the other." Then, when you speak, do you speak for yourself or for the other? "For the other." Did this nose come into being for me, or for the other? "For the other." Did the ears come into being for me, or for the other? "For the other." What about the hands? Even if the hands say, 'Oh, I was born for myself,' that is not true. Singing is the same. Singing is done for the other.

All actions operate toward the realm of the other. Is that correct or not? "Correct." When you laugh 'hahaha,' if someone laughs just for their own enjoyment, they are crazy. (Laughter) But if you laugh at this little chalk, then…. (Laughter) What that means is that actions without the other are invalid. Walking around aimlessly is invalid. (Walking while speaking) That is an action that disappears. Thinking is the same, and all actions are the same.

When we look at it this way, if you ask a man, 'Are you a man or a woman?' he will say, 'I am a man.' If you ask, 'If you are a man, why do you look like that?' he might say, 'Well, I was born for myself.' Can he say that? "No." Then, who was he born for? "For the woman." (Laughter) Why can't he say that? Woman! (Laughter) If you ask a woman, she will say, 'Man!' (Laughter) The fundamental existence did not come into being for oneself; this is an unavoidable theory. How negative and destructive is the idea of centering everything around oneself?

Then, for whom does a man live? "For God." What is God? God comes later. Woman! (Laughter) So, who is the subject that can control a man? It is not me; it is the woman. You must understand this. The subject that can control a man is not me; it is the woman. (Lightly hitting a female member) (Laughter) Women control men. Women like that. (Laughter)

Now, who can control a woman? "Man!" (Laughter) Man! Then, what is the element that controls men and women? "Love!" Power! "Love!" Power! "Love!" Big! "Love!" I lost. (Laughter) Power is not needed, and size is not needed; only love is needed.

These days, because of the implementation of daylight saving time…. Originally, around four or five o'clock, when the birds chirp, the female bird chirps, and the male bird responds with chirping. (Laughter) Why do they respond to each other? "Because of love." Correct. Because of love. (Laughter) The singing of birds is a signal to control each other centered on love. It can represent the whole. That is enough.

Then, when we look at this logical deduction, God also has the duality of masculinity and femininity. What do the dualities wish for? If the dualities control each other, by what can they control each other? By what? "Love."

Love is 'hahaha' good. 

God's duality is controlled by absolute love.

Now, if completely men and women are controlled by love, then we can find the concept that the duality of God can only be completely controlled by absolute love. Does that seem correct? "Yes." It must be through absolute love that harmony is achieved, and it becomes completely spherical, positioned in a way that does not collide.

Now, why do both men and women like love? "To be happy." To be happy! That is correct. (Laughter) In my body, there are about 400 trillion cells. When do these cells fully activate? "When we love." What does that mean? What makes them engage in full action? It is love.

When a man approaches a woman, he becomes weak, and all the cells stretch out and begin to move. (Laughter) So, on the day they just touch, it becomes a spark. That is why when I tell you not to act inappropriately, what I mean is that a spark occurs and a hole is created. (Laughter) That is true. Love that has a flaw cannot be repaired; there is no way to fix it.

So, when God said, 'Adam and Eve, do not eat. Do not come here,' it is a natural law. Do you understand? The reason you like love is that the cells fully activate.

So, when they fully activate, they all fall apart and where do they go? They rise. They do not go into the ground, nor do they go sideways; they rise up. They rise to connect with the universal love that harmonizes with God through the action that is the cause of love.

Then, when they rise, they do not just stay at the top. They come down. That is the theory. (Laughter) What happens when they shoot like this? Will there be a spark or will they break upon collision? A new harmonized creation occurs.

If such movement has occurred in this universe, then all of creation follows this movement filled with harmonized love. Hair moves as hair, cells move as cells…. If there is such a world, then that world is called the ideal world. (While writing on the board) That is the ideal world, the original ideal world, the absolute ideal world, the true ideal world.

Therefore, we can conclude why God created this universe. We can deduce that it is to achieve the ideal of love, and this logic is extremely theoretical. 

When you ask the grass in the East Garden, 'Hey, why were you born?' will it say, 'Oh, I was born because I like the blue color'? Will it say, 'Why do you survive in winter without dying?' If it were to respond, it would say, 'You don't know.' (Laughter) It would say, 'I live because I like the coming of spring, the spring of love.' How wonderful is that? 'I live waiting for the spring of love.' How wonderful is that? Try to come up with an answer better than that. (Laughter) Dr. Yoon, where are you? (Laughter) There is none, none.

If you ask, 'Where are you going?' they would say, 'Where am I going? I am going to study. I am going to school to study.' 'Why do you go to school?' 'To shorten the path of love.' How wonderful is that? But when you ask, 'Why do you live?' they would say, 'I live to live. I eat to eat.'
"To live. To live to work." How ridiculous is that? (laughter) Why do we live? For ideal love. How wonderful is that? How wonderful is that!

Now I understand. If I stop now, you know, right? How long would the introduction take? An hour?

To achieve ideal harmony with the partner, the concept of the dual characteristics that the Unification Church speaks of… The fundamental essence of the universe, whether it be force, energy, action, or all these motivations, cannot exist without the concept of a subject-object relationship. Therefore, if God is the center of the principles of the universe, and if God is the core subject of the universe, then analyzing the nature of God leads to the theoretical conclusion that God embodies dual characteristics. Thus, all actions must have a subject-object relationship. Just think about it, whether it is truth or something else.

When you conduct a chemistry experiment, if you apply a positive or negative charge to an element and say, "Hey, you act!" and apply thousands or tens of thousands of volts of power and pressure, does it act? "No, it doesn't." Just by applying the positive and negative properties, even if you tell it not to act, it will still react… Because the directionalities of the subject and object are different, the elements change, and we know this.

So, whether it’s a man or a woman, they act according to the direction of the person. A person does not relate to animals or dogs. But how do young people in America these days think about the concept of love? Like animals, they just make a fuss without any purpose, regardless of the universe or anything else. It’s destruction and ruin, all of it. "If I like it, I’ll marry; if I don’t like it, I’ll divorce." What do you think? You might think the theory sounds plausible and good. Then, how about when we look at the four directions? (While writing on the board) The universe cannot determine its existence without the four directions. Can you measure where a plane is flying without latitude and longitude?

Now, if you like the east and say you don’t need the west, when the sun goes to the west, you have to go around like this. (While writing on the board) Then, it will be daytime all day, but the west will become dark from now on. "I don’t like the light. Oh, I like the night," but that’s more troublesome. Oh, it’s more suffocating. So, you have no choice but to follow the night.

Your eyes are the same. "Eyes, do you like to turn around? Do you only like east and west, or do you only like north and south, or do you like all four directions?" You like the blooming flowers in the spring, but you also like skiing, right? You enjoy sliding on ice and snow, right? "Oh, I like summer but dislike autumn," is that so?

Now, if I say to you, "Do you like the east? Then live only in the east! You can’t go anywhere else!" what would happen? That person might be fine, but if that happens, someone who only lived in spring will eventually become isolated. "Oh, it’s winter now. I don’t want to see winter. Oh, I don’t want to see summer. I don’t want to see autumn." If that happens, they will all disappear. Everyone wants to experience spring, summer, autumn, and winter; they want to see it all, but if they only stay in spring, who will be there? Do you understand what I’m saying? "Yes." "You like summer, right? Good bye. You like autumn, right? Good bye. You like winter, right? Good bye." Then later, they will say, "Oh, I’m all alone." (laughter) So, actions without a counterpart disappear. Is that right or wrong? "That’s right."

So, I met that woman who is my counterpart; one is a spring counterpart, and one is a summer counterpart… The counterpart must be like that. If a beautiful woman ends up with a handsome man, how unpleasant would that be? (laughter) It must be harmonious. So, why is that? Here, I am a spring counterpart, and the other counterpart is an autumn counterpart. If I want to go there, I have to go through summer, and if the other side wants to come here, they have to go through winter, so it goes through the four seasons. How wonderful is that! How ideal is that! (laughter)

What do you think of the teacher's words? "That’s the teacher’s thought and heart. I don’t think so. I don’t need that. I disagree." Is that so, or is the teacher's thought a universal idea? "It’s a universal idea." Is that so? "Yes."

A tall man gets a short woman; how wonderful is that! (laughter) A fat woman with a slim man… (laughter) How wonderful is it when it harmonizes ideally! How wonderful is that! Would you say about your fiancé, "I don’t like such a strong fiancé. I like this kind of fiancé"? (laughter) Some women, even though they have big eyes, say, "I like men with big eyes." What happens then? Their children will have even bigger eyes. (laughter) That’s theoretical. Is that ideal? The universe can harmonize, and that is ideal. Some people have small eyes but see broadly, while others have big eyes but see narrowly. How wonderful is it when that harmonizes!

Truth is welcomed everywhere.

Now, you must understand that wherever you go, there exists a subject-object environment. When we look at the environment of the Unification Church, we can see that the Unification Church encompasses the concept of subject-object relationships and embodies the four-dimensionality of action.

So, who is the subject of the Unification Church? The subject is the troublesome Reverend Moon. But if you say, "I don’t like Reverend Moon," you will be expelled from this environment. Now, if Reverend Moon says, "Do fundraising and evangelize!" and you say, "Oh! I don’t like such activities," then this environment, this action atmosphere, will expel such a person. That is how it is organized.

When you go to school, there is a principal, teachers, and students, creating a subject-object environment. Therefore, if a student opposes what the teacher says, they will be expelled. If a student goes to school just to see a certain girl or boy rather than to study, that person will be expelled.

The universe is the same. Centered on God, the ideal of love, the subject-object realm is established in this universe, but if you bring something that opposes this, you will be expelled. (laughter) Centered on the ideal of love…

So why should we like love? Why should we do good deeds? Good deeds bring harmony. Love leads to assimilation. This is simple but true. That’s why all religions emphasize love and living for others. We can conclude that the principle of living for others must emerge as an ideal theory.

Now, I exist for the sake of the object, and the very fact that I exist for God, the subject of love in this universe, and for this world, the realm of love, is how great it is. You must understand how great and vast the realm I occupy is. How wonderful is this theory!

Let’s see if that’s right or wrong. Good deeds are welcomed in America, and they are welcomed in Moscow too. True love is welcomed in Washington D.C. and in Moscow. The movement to live for others is welcomed in Washington and in Moscow. So, what will happen to everything that was welcomed in Washington D.C. when it goes to the spirit world? What will happen when it goes to heaven? Will it be unwelcome or welcomed? "It will be welcomed." It will definitely be welcomed. Thus, the Unification Church teaches to live for others, to live for the world, to sacrifice and serve, and to seek love.

When that becomes a habit and you go to the spirit world, everything will be in harmony, and you will be able to act just as you are. If this doesn’t happen, it will all break. Here, Americans enjoy cheese and bread, right? But when you go to the spirit world, would you like to be served only with gochujang and rice? If you haven’t trained yourself, you will get sick in that spirit world.

So, the Unification Church aims to create people who can go to the spirit world without getting sick and say, "Oh, this is nice! I knew it would be like this." That’s why it’s good to exercise, to run, or to do anything fun. It’s about training to match the rhythm. Reverend Moon knows the spirit world, so he is teaching all the core elements with all his might in front of the Unification Church. (Applause) Let’s establish that habit! Make a habit!

So, a person who graduates from law school goes on to graduate school and pursues a doctorate in law. That’s theoretical. A law school graduate must go through a master’s course and a doctorate course. Therefore, in this evil world, the world of Satan, we must establish such habits, which is the movement of the Unification Church. If you don’t establish these habits and go to that world, you don’t know what will happen. (laughter) Because the dimensions are different. Because the dimensions are different, there is no counterpart. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

So, should you receive training or not? "You should." If fundraising is for making money, I could make more money than you. However, that’s training. Even while facing persecution, you must love and go for material things. 

You must completely transcend the subject-object realm of the environment.

Talking like this could go on for days without end. (laughter) Do you understand? "Yes." The teacher is trained like that. Wherever he goes, even if he goes to a bar, he doesn’t feel bad. He thinks, "Let’s see if I can harmonize as a subject-object here." The teacher observes. You can evangelize there too. Instead of drinking alcohol, you enjoy drinking something like Coca-Cola or soda more deliciously. (laughter) Then, you might say, "Is what you’re drinking tastier than my alcohol?" And they might respond, "Yes, it is." (laughter) Then you say, "Your palate will be dulled by drinking alcohol, and you won’t know the real taste of Coca-Cola. Your taste and my taste are different." What will they say then? Will they deny it? (laughter) That could happen.

When you go to the labor board, even if you can’t carry a load, you just want to try carrying something. You go to the labor board and just want to try carrying a piece of wood. You must completely transcend the subject-object realm of the environment. That environmental realm is protected by the universe. There is an environment protected by the universe for those who work hard. Even if those people are doing labor work, the universe protects them. How wonderful is that! Do you understand? You must know that there are good people there too.

So, do you know how many difficult things there are when a new religion emerges? People in the Unification Church are open-minded. Now, the established churches call the Unification Church a heresy, but the members of the Unification Church go to established churches to call on God and worship. How wonderful is that!

Now, I come to America and recognize the American environment and the American laws and try to support them. How wonderful is that! Japan is Korea’s enemy, and Germany is America’s enemy, but… When it’s springtime here, it’s wintertime there, and when it’s springtime here, it’s summertime there; the directions are just different… When everything is handled based on such ideological concepts, how wonderful is this world! The teacher’s characteristic is that he harmonizes immediately wherever he goes. When he goes to prison, he acts as if he is the leader there.

Now, based on this philosophical thought, everything is in the environment… Why must it be like that? If I have become a complete subject, then the complete object is created anywhere. That’s natural. How wonderful is that? Do you think so? "Yes." Is that right? "Yes." The very fact that the cosmic mother has the concept of subject-object relationships, with the ideal of love and the environmental realm, means that there must be a central being. Therefore, we can conclude that the formation of a nation centered on the spirit world is possible and that there exists a God who is the subject.

Only love can be the center of the universe.

So, what is the difference between God’s house and my house? Does God need a house? "Yes." Why does God need a house? Because I, from the objective position, conclude that the subject must necessarily be the same. Now, do you need an object? Yes, you do. Then, does God need an object or not? That is necessary.

The Bible says that God is with those who gather in groups of two or three, but why doesn’t He join where there is only one person? When a man prays, he prays to fulfill his own desires and wishes, but there are no prayers to fulfill a woman’s wishes. If he prays, "God, bless me rather than bless that woman," God immediately grants it.

God is here, and in the beginning, there was one man and one woman. If this man prays, "Oh man, plus, plus, plus…" and the woman says, "Minus, minus, minus…," what would happen? (laughter) Isn’t that so? (While writing on the board) Now, I only need God; I want to become one with God. Now, this relationship only has a straight line. There is only a straight line. This straight line cannot find a way to turn. Therefore, there is no harmony. Being alone means there is no eternal laughter together.

That’s why the principle of heaven and earth is to pass through three points. It’s to go through three points. So, God says, "Hey, you animal called the sun, come back after passing through three points." When told to come back after passing through three points, would you prefer to go this way or that way? Which one do you prefer? (While writing on the board) Which one do you prefer? "The latter." (laughter) That’s correct.

If you decide to turn back, you will fall and disappear. You will cease to exist. Stopping means that there is no power to turn back. However, if you receive one here, you will feel, "Oh, let’s go, let’s go. Good, good," and you will gain strong power. When a man sees a woman, he gains strength, and when a woman sees a man, she gains strength. They empower each other. That’s how it works. Today’s humans only think of this; they don’t think of that. (Pointing to what he wrote)

The power of the universe acts… The action of power to connect the third point to the fourth point has allowed a flat action realm on earth, which is the second shocking power of love.
It is the charge power. So, when a woman comes to a man, it is to conquer the man's world. What does a woman do by conquering the man's world and a man conquering the woman's world? It is to become one, to create a circular world. 

When this circular world is formed, the divine comes to the center. Then what am I? I rise, and God descends. Right? Thus, here, the sphere is finally formed. If you cannot hit this point, there is no concept of a globe. Why? Because this point can connect everywhere. It stands on an equal common standard that can be a center of preference anywhere, and it is equidistant from all points.

What is that? Only love can become the center of the universe. Then, the core of love combined between God and Adam and Eve can form the balance power of all worlds in the universe. This leads to the conclusion that the love combined between God and human Adam and Eve can be the core of the balance of power in the entire universe and can serve as the foundation for taking an average. This is the essence of balance. Therefore, at this balance point, everyone is equidistant. That is why love is great, that is why love is ideal, and that is why love is the good of all things. Without love, everything is incomplete. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Humans are the intermediate mediators of the great universe. 

So, when we look at God's ideal living sphere… When we see this, God is the one who becomes the center of the universe and the center of the ideal of love. This is a great plus. But where does the minus go? If we say this, we must seek the plus realm, and this plus must seek the minus realm; that is how it should be. (Pointing to what he wrote)

So, why can't we come this way? If this happens, the minus and minus, plus and plus will conflict. Do you understand? Thus, we can find the concept that the exchange connects the earthly and spiritual realms. Here, the force that wants to rise must act, and here, the force that wants to descend must act. That is how it should be. Here is the plus realm, and here is the minus realm. (Speaking while writing)

So, there is something that wants to move like this. But just having that is not enough; there must be something else that wants to move like this. There must be a plus here and a minus here. Therefore, vertical movement and horizontal movement are needed. The problem is where to establish a central intersection point that can be reduced. That point is here. Here, there must be a great minus and a great plus. There must be both plus and minus here.

So, no matter how great a man is, if he insists on doing it alone, this will not create a plus-minus. It can only be this one. It is always lonely. It is always lonely. If one is always lonely and cries out, one retreats. If one cries out, one retreats. Even if a woman thinks she is great, if she does not find a subject-object relationship with a man, she cannot be happy. She must go to the man to smile and feel good. Is that right? "Yes."

So, what is a human? It is the intermediate mediator of the great universe. You must understand this concept. Therefore, your heart is the center and serves as a vertical standard, and your body serves as a horizontal standard. There must be subject-objects in the world of the heart and in the horizontal world; this is theoretical. Your heart thinks of higher things. The heart is high-level. Is your heart doing vertical movement? 

Why is there such action in the heart? The reason the heart acts and has such action is that, as mentioned earlier, without the concept of subject-object, there is no origin of existence. Power or action comes from the concept of subject-object. When we see that such heart action exists, the logic that there is an absolute ideal type of subject is theoretical.

Then, when we ask who the subject of the vertical ideal of the heart is, it is the one who becomes the absolute subject of love, as mentioned earlier. This is a more absolute conclusion. Why does your heart act that way? It acts toward the absolute essence of love. How wonderful is that!

After you enter the Unification Church, the church feels better than your home. You do not want to go to school; you just want to come here. Your heart is only here. Why is that? Because God's love is here. That is theoretical.

God formed the realm of vertical love and did not stop there; He tried to expand the stage of horizontal love. To do this, He created this world of existence. How do we connect the stage of horizontal love? This is the relationship between man and woman, plus and minus. Thus, through the vertical world, we create a circular world. Then why do we want a big giant circle? To enter there and exist forever. (Applause) Forever centered on love…

What does that mean? God and I, becoming God's body and becoming elements of God's love… If God thought, He would have thought that way, right? If God thought, He would have thought that way. Therefore, Reverend Moon does not need to think beyond what God thinks. "Amen." (Laughter, applause) This Amen should not only be said this morning but should be able to be said forever. So, when you see grass, say Amen; when you see a bird flying, say Amen; even when you get hit, say Amen; even when you break your leg, say Amen. (Laughter) God is the number one man; how wonderful is that? (Laughter, applause)

Now, we all understand why we say the center of the universe. Why is a human a small universe, and why is a human the mediator of the universe? Why? Because both God and humans are needed as the love point that can connect the vertical and horizontal; and when we consider where that point is, it can only be found in humans. Therefore, we can conclude that humans are a mediator and center point that connects the great universe.

To create one universe, true love must be present.

Here, the power of subject-object is entangled in the man's mind. Also, the power of subject-object is entangled in the woman. Plus minus, minus plus… (Speaking while writing) Both men and women have vertical lines. Right? What can we combine this with? What can we combine this vertical line with? "Love." What is it? "Love." You got it. (Laughter)

Even if you put them together here, saying 'Oh, that's good,' without complaining, whether you put them here or there, what can be said to be good? What is it? It is a diamond. "No." It is power. "No." Knowledge! "No." Then what is it? "Love." No one can deny that. Will that be forever, or just now? "Forever." Forever.

So, why must we combine this? Why must we combine this? When the two become one, plus and minus… Now that it has become vertical, the body can become like this. This is how the two become one. (Speaking while writing)

This is man and woman… Thus, centered around God, here is plus and minus, and here is God… And as this love connects, it becomes the center. Now, where is that point? There must be such a point, and that point is here.

Now, if a woman says, 'Hey man, come here,' and a man says, 'Hey woman, come here,' what happens? There is a subject-object here, and should it come like this or like this? (Speaking while writing) "In a circular motion." When the two are combined, should they enter the center or go to the edge? "To the center." Why must it be the center? Because we must find the central vertical standard. This vertical center is this. Why must we go there? To focus on the universe. It is the center of the ideal world. That is necessary. Where is that? It is here. (Speaking while writing)

The woman should say, 'You must love only me. You must only follow me,' and the man should not say, 'You must only follow me.' Therefore, they must be at the center. In American terms, when a man always gets into a car, he stands at the car door and opens the door for the woman to get in first. But sometimes, the woman should also open the door and say, 'You go in first.' Do you understand? (Laughter)

Some women, when they go to the restroom, say, 'Bring me some toilet paper.' Who is always the man who brings the toilet paper? (Laughter) And the man does the same. 'Hey woman, bring me some toilet paper.' (Laughter) At that time, should one think, 'Oh, why is the man like that? Why is he like that? He should bring his own toilet paper'? (Laughter) They do it all out of love. They wish for it out of love. They do it because they love. Therefore, for such people, one must always do that. How precious is that love? I go because of love; even if I am big, I go because of love. How wonderful is that? What I do is out of love; I do it to pursue deeper love; how wonderful is that?

At that time, even if there is no tree in the fence of such a house, the birds want to come and sleep and play in the sun in that yard. So, in this vicinity, in Belvedere and East Garden, birds will come to live more than anywhere else; they will come, I think. Then when the birds come and chirp, they will think, 'Oh, they are calling me. Let's go out once.' How wonderful is that? When the sunlight shines in the morning, they think, 'I will shine first in our East Garden. Oh, thank you.' How good does that feel? Even when the spring breeze blows, they think that way. They are seeking the center of love. They love love.

Now, compare this way of living life with a life that knows nothing and lives in darkness, saying, 'I don't know.' How much difference is there? What about you? Which one do you like? "The former." No matter how badly the world speaks of it, we prefer to live that way. Who is happy? Who? "We are." The world? "No." Do you like the world? "Yes." I do not like the world! (Laughter) Even if Reverend Moon does not like the world, God says, 'I like the world.' Even if I tell you to work hard… (Laughter, applause)

Now you understand why such a vertical point is necessary, right? This is speaking of a very deep principle of creation among the principles of creation. (Applause) Others do not understand why the teacher coined such terms; they do not understand before the teacher speaks. If I use the principles, how many books would there be? How many books would there be? Sometimes it is necessary.

So, because there must be a point that can cross the ideal of love anywhere in the universe, the fact that the two worlds exist is true. There is the spiritual world and the physical world, and the cultural environments of the Eastern and Western worlds are different, which is extremely valid in terms of the principles of this universe.

So, when we think about whether to create one universe, the Western world and the Eastern world, through culture, education, knowledge, or power, what will it be? What will it be? "Love." What kind of love? "True love." True and absolute love! "True and absolute love!" Where is it? It is everywhere. It is there at night, and it is there anytime. There is absolute love here. So, even when I am alone, there is absolute love; even when I go home, there is absolute love; even when I go into society, there is absolute love. This must be connected.

In the harmony of life that arises from the union of the two worlds.

All seeds are divided into two layers. Look. One layer symbolizes heaven, God, and the universe, and this symbolizes plus and minus. Now, when does this start to act? It cannot act on its own; it must be mediated by vertical power to begin to act. Then, horizontal power… If the seed is the core of vertical power, it must be buried in the ground to act. Life's harmony arises from the union of the two worlds. Here, they can intersect. They can rotate. They live because they rotate. (Writing)

So, in the center of this way, there is life that can touch the elements of love. It is the essence of life. Therefore, as horizontal harmony unfolds, the seed of vertical love begins to awaken and come out. That is a correct statement. That is what we call a bud! How wonderful is that? Vertical harmony, receiving sunlight… The sun symbolizes plus, and the earth symbolizes minus; this harmony must unfold.

Now, the seed must bloom into a flower, and the flower must produce seeds. How many years does it take for seeds to form on a tree? Now, how many years? If it comes out in three years, this seed becomes a seed again and the seed of a seed, expanding into the universe. (Speaking while writing)

The seed takes a journey of a week, starting from the root, growing leaves, forming a stem, blooming flowers, and bearing fruit; the entire course of this circle is the same. If it does not conform to that circle, it cannot become a complete seed. Similarly, is the seed three years later different from the seed one hundred years later? "They are the same." It cannot change. It is a path that cannot change.

Now, we humans are also born from parents, and through the action of the forces of harmony between heaven and earth, we are born, and similarly, humans must go through a circle to become ideal seeds, just like ideal people. There is a circle line. This is not the tourist circle line in New York. (Laughter) It is theoretical that this must exist.
, 너도 일해라!' 이렇게 해야 한다는 거예요. (웃음)

그러니까 여러분, 여러분이 선두에서 달려야 한다는 것입니다. 여러분이 선두에서 달리면, 다른 사람들도 따라오게 됩니다. 여러분이 센터가 되어야 하고, 그 센터를 중심으로 모든 것이 하나로 뭉쳐야 합니다. 그러므로 여러분은 선한 소년과 선한 소녀가 되어야 하고, 그 중심에서 모든 사람들을 이끌어야 합니다.

사람이 태어날 때는 선하게 태어나지만, 성장하면서 여러 가지 환경과 관계 속에서 영향을 받습니다. 그러므로 여러분은 선한 영향을 주는 존재가 되어야 합니다. 여러분이 선한 영향을 주면, 다른 사람들도 선한 영향을 받을 수 있습니다.

여러분이 선두에서 달리면, 여러분이 가진 사랑의 씨가 다른 사람들에게도 퍼져 나가게 됩니다. 그 사랑의 씨가 퍼져 나가면, 결국에는 더 많은 사람들이 사랑을 느끼고, 사랑의 힘으로 하나가 될 것입니다. 그러므로 여러분은 항상 선한 마음을 가지고, 다른 사람들을 사랑하고, 그들을 이끌어야 합니다.

이렇게 해서 여러분은 사랑의 씨를 심고, 그 씨가 자라나서 아름다운 열매를 맺게 해야 합니다. 여러분이 사랑의 씨를 심고, 그 씨가 자라나면, 여러분의 가정도, 사회도, 세계도 변화하게 될 것입니다. 그러므로 여러분은 사랑의 씨를 소중히 여기고, 그것을 키워 나가야 합니다. 

여러분이 사랑의 씨를 심고, 그것을 키워 나갈 때, 하나님도 기뻐하시고, 우주도 기뻐할 것입니다. 여러분이 사랑의 씨를 통해 하나님의 사랑을 전하고, 그 사랑으로 세상을 변화시키는 주체자가 되기를 바랍니다.
"Try it and see how it goes," would you say that? Even if you tell them to do it, they can't. They won't be able to do it for even a day or two; they'll all run away. The bees surround the queen bee. They surround her. And when the queen bee flies away, the whole swarm follows her like a bunch of followers. It's a great migration. When the queen bee sits on a rock, they all go to the rock and get tangled up there, and when she sits on a branch, they sit on the branch, and when she sits by the water, they sit by the water. Wherever she goes, they go and sit there. They get tangled up there. When they get tangled, they tangle like this. (Gestures expressively, laughter) They all get tangled up on top of each other like this. Then the bee at the very bottom says, "Hey, you! I'm uncomfortable. Why are you tangled on my back?" Right? (Laughter) And the queen bee herself says, "Hey, you little ones! Why are you making it so hard for me?" (Laughter)

Now, is the queen bee small or big? "She's big." So, between males and females, which one is smaller or bigger? "The female is bigger." (Laughter) This means the queen bee is big. What does that mean? It means the king must be big. That's right. Only then can this be the center. If they all go like this, it won't be the center. It won't form a circle. (Laughter)

When we look at this, why did God create the queen bee? He made it so that women in the human world would complain, "Why is only the man the king, and why do the women have to run around like bees?" (Laughter) From this perspective, the center refers to the middle where they are all tangled up, and in that sense, the queen bee in the bee world indeed represents the responsibility of the center position.

Then, if the center is like this when it is stationary, what happens to the center when it moves? What is the center like? Where should the center be? This is the problem. The center must be in the middle. Isn't that right? What happens then? Think about what the center is. "Front." Front? "Yes." So you do know that, you little ones. (Laughter)

Now, speaking of our Unification Church, when we gather in the morning, are we moving or standing still? "We are moving." Then, what must a person who can be the center here do? Do they have to be at the back or lead from the front? "They must lead from the front." So, is it enough just to lead from the front? Is it enough for all of you to just stand here and be the center? You little ones, how can this be the center? It feels uncomfortable. (Laughter) The one who feels uncomfortable comes first and gets stuck here. They sit here. (Laughter)

Therefore, a person who becomes the center must know that they need to run at the forefront. Just running at the front, is it enough for them to run alone? Can they just go "vroom" by themselves? Is that a good leader? "No." While running, they must take everyone along wherever they go.

A leader leads even in the face of death.
You all, at that time, are like Canada geese, really impressive. Honk, honk. (Laughter) How do they keep their distance so perfectly? Wow, that's amazing. They don't flap their wings just any way they want. Even when they make honking sounds, it's not just random. It's a signal: "Go forward. Turn left. Go up. Go down." (Laughter) When the leader says "we," they follow along. When they say "let's turn right," they respond, "Yes, I follow you," and they cross the ocean. (Laughter)

There is a leader who becomes the center. A leader must know all of this. They must measure everything about the land they are flying over. "Oh, there's a river. There are mountains. There are trees. This place is good, and that place is not good." They must know all of this. An airplane can fly just by following the compass, but do geese have a compass? "No." When you look at that, are they better than you or not? (Laughter) They are better. When you observe how they move, it's truly amazing. Therefore, a leader must lead from the front. They must lead from the front. "Oh, it seems like a storm is coming, so you lead." But when a storm comes, they must fly even stronger.

Now, President Reagan in America is in trouble because of the Communist invasion. A storm is coming, and he says, "I don't like the Washington Post." Is that okay? (Laughter) Whether it's the Washington Post or the New York Times, they keep running so they can't catch up. They are running. Only then can the American people say, "Let's follow, let's follow." The same goes for the Unification Church. Let's go, let's hurry!

Do you all want to lead? "Yes." To lead, can you say, "Oh, there's good food, so let's lead"? That can happen. Or, "Let's lead because we can see something good! Oh, let's lead to rest! Let's lead because we can rest! Let's go because there's something good! Let's go because there's a diamond ring! Let's go because there's treasure!" That can happen, but is that right? "No."

From this principle, what kind of person can truly be a leader? Only someone who is willing to face death, who will endure hardships, can become a leader. Even if they shed tears and can't eat, they must go. They must go even when they see scenes that make them cry. They must go even if it means dying. Even if there are no immediate benefits related to me, they go because there are benefits related to the future world and God.

The Unification Church is like a school heading toward a destination.
So, what kind of person is a good person? "A public person." You do know that. A person who lives their whole life not centered on themselves, what kind of person is that? Such a person is called a righteous person. That concept is established. Do you understand?

What is a righteous person? What kind of person is a righteous person? A person who lives their whole life for others, for the whole. They are a person who lives for their friends, for their family when they enter a household, for their company when they go to work, and for their country when they have a nation. That is the concept.

Until now, people have all had a national ideal, a national ideal. They fought for their own country, but they never fought for the world. They couldn't fight for that. There has been no one who lives for the world or the universe beyond borders. 

So, what is a saint? A saint is someone who lives for a higher being, transcending borders, the world, and the universe. If there is a heavenly kingdom, they live for that heavenly kingdom, and if there is a king of that kingdom, they live for that king, and then they will go on the path of living for that kingdom and the world. This is the concept I understood. Therefore, the conclusion is that saints are only religious leaders.

We call Jesus a saint, right? "Yes." Buddha, Confucius, Muhammad, they are all religious leaders. Therefore, a person who connects with God and seeks to expand the path of the righteous is a saint. Such a person is centered on the heavenly kingdom, the eternal world, or God. That is why they act and move in a way that is detached from the human world, in a different dimension, and they set their direction accordingly. Therefore, the opposition they face is because if there is a heavenly kingdom, they face opposition because of the king of that heavenly kingdom or because of the heavenly kingdom itself. Isn't that right?

Then, who would be the central being of that kingdom? Of course, it is someone who lived centered around the king on this earth, but it is someone who lives for the king of the heavenly kingdom and for the heavenly kingdom itself. That is the conclusion. Do you think so? If we prove this, it will be proven that way.

Now, who is the one who leads in religion? This is the problem. Since the destination of religion has not appeared on earth, there must be a new level of leader who can fly toward that destination. This statement is established.

Among religions, there are religions like sparrows. They just gather and chirp, chirp, chirp, from morning to night, flying around and chirping, and because they are just going around this spot, they know nothing else. There are religions that say, "If you go over there, you'll die, you'll perish." (Laughter) That's right. There are religions like doves, crows, and all sorts of religions. Also, among religions, there are religions like cranes. Cranes fly far away. Doves are heavy, so they rest while flying, but cranes fly quietly and slowly, flapping their wings.

Now, when the sparrow sees this, it says, "Hey, why are you flying so high? Why not fly low like me, just above the fence?" (Laughter) They look for food under trees or around fences. What does this mean? It means that the sparrow is flying around looking for food. They are very busy looking for food. But the crane looks for a bright direction, a bright direction. The important thing is direction, not food. (Laughter)

Is our Unification Church a sparrow religion or what? "A crane." (Laughter) Even on Sundays, there's no time to rest, and on Christmas, there's no time to rest, and on birthdays, there's no time to rest. They are told to go even at night. They are active even at night. Nowadays, it is bright even at 9 PM. Because it is bright, they fly. The sparrow chicks, when the sun goes down, it gets dark, so they want to sleep. So, what is the Unification Church? What kind of religion is it? "A crane."

Then, should we complain about waking up early, or should we wake up even better? "We should wake up early." We should fly until late at night. Even if we fly, we must not complain. We must go even at night. Why? Why? Because it is a crane religion. So, when winter comes and it snows, they all die when winter comes. (The recording momentarily cuts off)

Even if there are no collaborators, I will go alone. That's why I like cranes. (Laughter) Do you all like them? "Yes." Don't you like them? "No." (Laughter, applause) You all like them, right? This is the position. To put it another way, a person who flies toward a high and noble direction, like a crane, is what I understood to be a member of the saint group.

The meaning of the words saint and righteous person.
Now, the word saint has the character for "holy" (聖) which has the ear (耳) character. (Writing while speaking) This is the mouth (口). The mouth is the king, and the ear is the king. So, what does it mean that the mouth is the king and the ear is the king? It means that whatever words come from the world, they must interpret them positively as the king's words. Therefore, they hear everything, but as soon as they hear it, the mouth does not go "bang bang bang." That would be a disaster. They hear everything, but when it comes to speaking, they are the king. When the king speaks a word, it becomes law, and the fate of the nation sways back and forth. Just one word becomes law.

But if they whisper in the restroom, whisper while eating, or whisper in a corner, how can that become the king's words and law? (Laughter) When you think about it, why can't women be kings? Because they hear whatever is said and immediately blow it out. That cannot be a king. If they go "da da da da," can that be a king? (Laughter) Even if they hear everything, know everything, and pretend not to hear, if they speak words based on justice, then the nation will sway back and forth, and the world will sway back and forth. That is what makes a king.

Now, when you think about it, what happens to those who ruled as kings in this world when they go to the spirit world? They will all boast about how great they are. The President of the United States will say, "Oh, I became the President of the United States," and the Queen of England will say, "I became the Queen of England. What about the British Empire..." They will all boast. "I am the highest." They will go around talking without keeping their mouths shut. Then everyone will point fingers and say, "Look at that guy."

There are people who may be small in stature but ruled as kings, and even if they hear everything, they do not speak, treating this person well and that person well; those people can become kings in that world. They can be high-level, they can be kings. Such people have many secrets. They have many secrets that I cannot know. Because they do not speak.

When you go to a wrestling gym, the person who gets on the ring, if they have all the techniques secretly prepared, rather than someone who is good from the start, they can win with just one move. If they have secret techniques that others do not have, they will win. That is a fact. Isn't it? "Yes."

From this perspective, the Eastern way of thinking is truly wonderful. A person who speaks like a king is a saint. However, in English, the word for king is "king," right? K, I, N, G, that has no meaning. This contains three meanings... Therefore, when Westerners analyze it, they cannot synthesize it. When viewed in terms of culture, there is a difference in cultural background.

Now, everyone, when we say "person," what is this (人)? This symbolizes the vertical aspect, and this symbolizes the horizontal aspect. (Writing while speaking) Therefore, it must stand. It must stand. Now, a great person is a great person. It is God, God. That has a meaning. Do you understand? What is a person? By standing, they become the center of everything.

When we say "righteous person," what is a righteous person (義人)? It is a sheep (羊). It means "I am a sheep." That is what it means. For whom does that sheep exist? It exists for its master, for its husband, for its master's wife, for its country, and for the world. They are all necessary.

What did we say a righteous person is? Is it someone who lives their whole life for themselves? "No." Why are you all sitting here? Are you sitting here to hear good words and become great people, to make America great, to make the Unification Church great? What is it? "The second." You should say it is the first, not the second, right? You listen to the teacher's words and do the second. (Laughter) Seeing you laugh shows that it is true. (Laughter)

We must carry out a movement to unite Eastern and Western people.
So, do you want to be the inside or the outside? "The inside." American women like the outside. Now, if two women are going somewhere, is talking about it the outside, and being still the inside? "Being still is the inside." The one who speaks becomes the inside, right? "No." Then listening becomes the outside, right? "No." You all know that well.

Now, if you look at Americans these days, wherever they go, it's all jokes. Where did Dr. Dust go? (Laughter) They are making useless jokes.
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
You shouldn't have come here, so why did you come? It is to go beyond the historical conditions of forgiveness. Is that true for you too? Even if your wives die for the sake of heaven and earth, you must not think while crying, "Oh, I was wrong." You must pray on behalf of humanity... Even if you go to the place where your child dies, you must have the conviction to pray like that. 

You must become the sons and daughters of God and go to a position higher than that of a saint. You need to understand this from the words of Jesus... "Those who want to die will live." When I said it would perish, it ultimately does not perish; it revives. 

That Huruda, you see, Huruda received an allocation of 700 machines centered around Sailor. However, only 2,200 of those machines were sold in Japan. So how do you sell that one-third, which is 700 machines? Huruda thought, "I won't sell them to the machine factory." He plans to sell them all to the cabaret grandmothers. Can you sell them? (laughter) 

There are a hundred companies involved in this. (He writes while speaking) We have to sell 700 machines. What do you think, everyone? So, sell them to the cabaret grandmothers. (laughter) Therefore, I will do that to the death, to the death. I will make my head like a nail, to the death. When you see that, Reverend Moon is smart. That's why you don't make them do it, but bring in Japanese people to do it. Is that true? "No." 

So what does that mean? It means that those who want to die must sacrifice themselves, and they must go crazy for the world. When you go crazy for the world and wander around, the world becomes unified. It keeps sticking to you. "Hey, hey, you don't have to go. You don't have to go." But while spinning around, oh my! (imitating) Then when you open your eyes, what do you see? It’s that Columbia No. 2 is prepared with rice cakes, boom—. And then, 

going to the spirit world and meeting God, receiving the stamp that I am His son from God, and coming down, how wonderful would that be? (laughter, applause) 

This is America, but I am flying to Africa, Africa. America is your country, but the love greater than the love of the country is the love for Africa. You will come to love the world. So, "Go to Africa, my son," He says. Do more in Africa than you did in Japan or America. While trying to become one with Africa, when you open your eyes, you see that Africa has all become one. 

Then you ride on Columbia No. 3. But this Columbia is the Diamond Columbia. "I am heading towards the palace where I can live forever in the kingdom of God." How wonderful is that? Amen! (applause) Reverend Moon lives centered on such dreams; is there a day of comfort for him? 

When you look at it this way, is our Unification Church walking the path of saints, the path of righteous people? "Saints." Is that really true? "Yes." To become a saint, you must become the sons and daughters of God. A saint has not yet become a son or daughter of God. God has given the responsibility to make you His sons and daughters, but you have not fulfilled that responsibility as sons of God. Therefore, you are trying to become the sons and daughters of God and go to a position higher than that of a saint. What is that? King of Saints, how about that? Amen? "Yes." That is our purpose. 

Now, according to the teacher's words, do you think you can correspond to the term "king of saints"? "Yes." Because of this aspect, God's love begins from here. Do you feel good? "Yes." Do you want to go or not? "I will go." You are now in the position of individual righteousness, in the position of family righteousness? You must always think of God centered on the world and rise from the position of individual righteousness to the positions of family, tribe, and national righteousness. 

Where is your level? You know, those of you who are proud, if you get a pretty wife, there are those who run away after being blessed, right? They take off their clothes, and if the husband doesn't go, the wife can push him, and if the wife doesn't go, the husband can push her; how miserable is that? Is that good or bad? If they don't go, it explodes. (laughter) So when you become a family righteous person and a tribal righteous person, you must say, "Oh, thank you" to your fiancée. 

At that time, the man's dignity is there. "I brought you for the sake of the country." How wonderful would that be? How great would that be? (laughter) How wonderful is that? You prepare, time it right, and if you run away on your own, what good is it to just keep bumping heads together? "Kick!" Is that how it will be? What about you? Are you a good couple or a bad couple? "A good couple." How do you believe that? Can you believe it? "Yes." 

Charge forward through the spirit of the saint and the spirit of the righteous. Now, I have clearly understood what the path of the righteous and the path of the saints truly are. What else is here? There are commoners, commoners. (He writes while speaking) What else is there? There are the worldly people. This worldly person is the valley of humanity, human trash. What do you want to become? Do you want to become this, or do you want to become righteous? Among the four types... Let’s write it down. Let’s write it down. What is this? "Righteous person." It should be a little smaller, right? (laughter) So, what will you choose? "Saint." The bigger this is, the greater the suffering will be. This is the path of the saint. 

Now, the foundation that the Unification Church's Reverend Moon has is all good. However, he does not want to be Reverend Moon. Look here. Wherever you go, even if the Unification Church does something wrong, it’s Reverend Moon; even if this guy does something wrong, it’s Reverend Moon; I carry all the burdens of the bad guys in the Unification Church. Is that good? Is it not? Answer me, is that good? Also, when something is done well, it’s not Reverend Moon, but the Americans did well. When something is done well, they say it’s because of the Americans, but it’s actually because of Reverend Moon. How unpleasant is that? 

You hear such words and don’t feel resentful but rather plausible... It’s like asking if smoke will come out of a chimney if there’s no fire. It’s a kind of speculation, right? "No." Those who are quiet should all see it that way. "Reverend Moon took away so much money, and Kamiyama made all the business funds disappear; that is a fact," how much did the American officials doubt that? They did. The American country did that, and the American courts did too. The American prosecutors got involved, and no matter how much they tried to pin something that didn’t exist on him, nothing came out. The American people and youth do not believe the truth. Do they think Reverend Moon is a liar who scammed people? 

What about taxes? How much are taxes? A little over ten thousand dollars? To investigate that, they spent millions of dollars and made a fuss. (laughter) How foolish and shameless is that? If I were white, would I say, "I’ll give you a million dollars, so investigate"? Would the government say, "I’ll give you a million dollars, so investigate"? Would a third party say, "I’ll give you a million dollars, so please investigate"? "No." Thinking about that, how resentful I was, those bastards! 

Look here. When I see two innocent Eastern people being put on trial, I feel like I would rather stab my stomach with a knife than feel comfortable. If there is a crime, that’s one thing. But if there is no crime and they are framed... (the recording briefly cuts out) That is a position where one can feel the heart of Jesus on the cross, the heart of loving one’s enemies. I thought that even if I engage in legal battles, I will not die. 

This is the same position that America and Korea were in, like the Romans and the Jews in Jesus’ time. If Jesus had gone to the Roman Senate, fought, and planted the flag of victory, Christianity would not have shed blood. Therefore, if we win here, we believe that there will be no history of bloodshed in the world Unification Church missionaries. Such a history will unfold. When we look at this, the battlefield where we can fight, the workplace is now at hand. Therefore, you must mobilize all your strength and charge forward through the spirit of the saint and the spirit of the righteous, Amen. 

Look here. The established church has attacked, Judaism has attacked, America has attacked, communism has attacked, Satan has attacked. However, when all of this is victorious, it will be our world. (He writes while speaking) Where will the combined state of these conditions go? It will come to the Unification Church! How wonderful is that? We will seek the glory of victory and act, charging into any fierce war in the world, any path of suffering, Amen. "Amen." (applause) 

"Even if there is a path of persecution that is tenfold or a hundredfold heavier than the path of the cross that the teacher has walked throughout his life, I will endure, Amen." Raise your hands if you agree. May God's blessing be with you! (applause) 

The standard-bearer of world peace. 

Such things are common. Currently, America, which stands at the forefront, is entering such a trend, and today, the free countries of the world look up to America as an object of admiration... 

The Unification Church must save America. 

The young people of America want to follow that path, and so do the young people of free countries around the world. They forget all the historical stages that have developed and want to jump in all at once, without any critical process or experiential process, trying to jump in blindly. 

Once they jump in, they have no foundation to be defended in their social environment. In a place like America, tradition has made it so that they become isolated. Isolated, this flows into gangsterism and societal collapse. 

The American social environment that denies all of this does not work; it has become an environment that supports it all... "If America is like that, then it is intelligent for minor ethnic groups to follow America." That’s what they say. So now they are rushing in all at once. 

Therefore, I am currently blocked in America... That is what the Unification Church must do. (laughter) Resolving gender issues, defending against youth delinquency, defending against communism, defending against drugs, all of these things. When viewed as human beings, the human body is a kingdom of mystery. Yet, they are trying to destroy this. Therefore, we must defend it. The Unification Church must take full responsibility for this. 

So in such a society, we cannot just educate in a vague and pleasant way. We must sweep through it all. We must make it so that they can get accustomed to it over several years. The habituation must exceed their habitual tendencies. Through short-term, powerful education, they must be habituated beyond the standards of their habitual tendencies. What has been completely habituated through educational tradition must exceed what they have been accustomed to in their social lives. 

To eliminate this, they are doing all sorts of things. They are doing fundraising, and the children of the elite are being made to live below... In this way, they are devising methods to thoroughly understand America. When looking at America through glasses that can review the upper, middle, and lower class rhythms, they realize that America is in big trouble. They come to understand that it is going to collapse. 

Our activities have even reached the Soviet Union. 

Looking at history, even a country like Rome went through such a process and collapsed. This is a historical fact, so anyone who looks at it from that perspective will surely see that America will collapse. They have started to realize this recently. It took them ten years, ten years. When I entered the 1970s and said America would collapse, people said, "Why would America collapse? Who would believe that the teacher, who is in Korea, would say such things without knowing anything?" But these days, they feel the reality. They have come to understand America. 

However, the detached hippie-like social disorderly elements, those who are following the communist line, the liberal faction, they have no clue. They are completely oblivious to it. This was all created by the bourgeoisie, so they say, "Let’s burn it all down." 

They have instilled in the youth the concept of struggle, saying, "They must be dealt with and die before they die." They are completely implanting this concept of struggle in the youth. Now, who are they putting this on first? It’s Reverend Moon. They are putting it on Reverend Moon. "Reverend Moon is the leader," they say... (laughter) I know that I stand at the forefront of the anti-communist movement. All the liberal elements in schools around the world are trying to launch a destructive movement against Reverend Moon and the Unification Church. And the liberal media are all fanning the flames. This is what we have been through until now. And we have even gone through legal battles until now. 

As ten years passed... One thing I am grateful for is that I have come to understand the strategy of the communists until now. Those involved in politics have come to know, the businessmen have come to know, and the military people know first. Ordinary people have reached a stage where they can understand the deceptive politics of communism. This is truly hopeful. Along with that, if we listen to reports from our agents currently in places like the Soviet Union, they say that the Soviet Union is more rotten than America and will collapse faster. 

So I think that if the Unification Church is supported by the U.S. State Department in the future, we will go to the Soviet Union, armed with the ability to dance and sing even more than the hippies, investing huge amounts of money, teaching the Soviet youth how to dance and the hippie way of playing. Then they will completely turn. We have now entered such a stage. 

How long do you think this will last? The limit line is 1988. The biggest crisis is until 1988. During this period, if we do not lay a solid foundation and pave our way, it will be difficult. 

So now, we are mobilizing everything in America, launching a massive offensive centered on the mobile units. Here, Changrim has come to report that if just 50 people enter a city in America and operate, it is possible. This is very well-trained, so the impact is significant. They will completely take over a million cities with just 50 people within a month. 

Now, it seems that there is no one, but they have hidden to attack all cities. They say, "We have occupied a city." Because of this, the broadcasting station rushes in to beat them, but if they act recklessly like before, they will be caught and struggle. The teacher has given a direct order. If they oppose without knowing the reason, they should grab them by the collar and demand evidence. Then they must provide evidence.
If you handle that Munyi like that, you'll hear rumors that if you oppose without reason or cause, you'll face great trouble. That's what they're doing right now. Until now, we have been pretending to be dead, haven't we? 'It was because we couldn't wear clothes and couldn't put on boxing gloves, and because we were barehanded, but that won't do anymore, you brats. Present your evidence,' that's what they're saying. They're demanding evidence in the streets.

Present your evidence
So, what happened in New York? There was an interesting event. There was a man named Seo, who was the chief secretary to General Lee Hyung-geun. He visited East Garden and after hearing my words, he decided to quit everything and became a trainee for 120 days. This person went out to the streets to evangelize, and when the opposing side mentioned Munyi, he demanded evidence. But there was no evidence.

Even in court, the prosecutor presents arguments after gathering all the materials, and after the arguments through witnesses and defense attorneys, they make a judgment. But what about you? 'Present your evidence,' they said. But can you present evidence? So, they were struggling and brought him in. They really brought him in to listen. So, he was dragged in. He was dragged in without a choice. (laughter) They brought him in and said, 'Listen to the teachings of the Unification Church for 30 minutes, listen to what Reverend Moon has to say.' So, after listening for more than 30 minutes, he came back and started receiving training. (laughter) Once he listened, he couldn't deny it. In America, if you lose in theory, you lose. It's different. How many excuses do Koreans make? (laughter) Even if they are caught by the head, they will twist and turn with their tails. Americans are amazing in that regard. (laughter) In that sense, they are quite innocent. (laughter) When they are cornered by the facts… (laughter) That's the reality. When they are told to listen to the true words, they can't refuse. So, now they're receiving training.

We have reached a stage where such things are possible. They have been beaten so much that curiosity just… Everyone feels that way. Now, the time for just beating has passed. They are creating the Washington Times and causing problems nationwide. That time has passed. It has passed.

Until now, they thought of Reverend Moon as someone who rides clouds and performs magic, but now, with a newspaper that judges and guides daily emotional sentiments, they have established themselves in a position that influences them, so they cannot deny it.

Anti-communist movement centered around the headman and village chief
Now, they recognize such things. Korea is in chaos. It's really in chaos. Even if it surpasses a country like America, it doesn't leap more than one, two, or three steps. It takes one step and looks back, but Korea leaps forward with the determination that it won't come back. That's why more accidents happen.

Even if the current underground communist movements are fanning the flames, there is no other way. However, before opposing the current government, they have already come out with the conclusion that the communist ideology must lead to the downfall of the free world, democratic world, and capitalist countries.

From this perspective, this has already become a foundation connected to international organizations. I think of a way to defend against this. So, I centered the Victory Alliance and held the regional unit conferences in 1981, didn't I? In the end, who should do this anti-communism? It should be the heads of households. The heads of households must do it. Also, who should catch spies? It must be done by each household. The military, governors, and all are just puppets. They are passing institutions. Even the village chief is a passing institution. The issue is between the headman and the village chief. The headman knows the communists who infiltrated before the village chief knows. The headman covers it up, and if the village chief covers it, it becomes lawless. They can act as if there is no country.

I believe there are many spies in Korea that have not appeared underground until now. These people live like this because the headman and village chief cover for them. Even after ten years, they wouldn't know. So, what is the problem? Where should we catch them? I set the standard for the entire local victory activities at the village level. I hold the village conference and place the village chief. Then, focusing on that village chief, I bind the headman and make them say they will catch the communists together. If that happens, if even a little impure element appears, the headman will immediately act in concert with the village chief. They will coordinate because they cannot do it alone. If this system foundation is not resolved, the current South Korea, which is facing North Korea, is truly at risk.

And until now, when the state holds any anti-communist or victory conference, if they hold it centered around the province, when they gather all the people, who pays for it? The village chief pays for it. The village chiefs collect money, and while they chase after some provincial conference they have never even attended, they use it. This is not just the first or second time; it continues. Then, whether it's the military or the province, they collect funds and use it all to show off and succeed, while the people who paid the money do not even dream of it.

As this happens, once it becomes strange, and then two, three, four times, they all conclude that they are all exploiters. That completely covers with communist ideology, blindfolding, gagging, hiding, and covering up to the neck, making people completely die. So, what should we do now? We must change the system so that the village chief can be in charge, the military commander can be in charge, and the provincial governor can be in charge. Otherwise, I believe there is no way to completely block communism.

Thus, I centered on that and held the village unit conferences, and in 1981, we held more than 2,000 conferences nationwide in one day. So, the leadership of the Democratic Justice Party was in a panic, saying that someone from the Unification Church was secretly organizing a combat organization. That was before the presidential election. They had already done everything before organizing the Democratic Justice Party, so they were in a panic trying to catch it.

Now, it has become a big deal. If we stay still, no one will say a word about anti-communism or victory. They have completely extinguished those words. That was a big deal.

When we say anti-communism, what happened when we continued with anti-communism? We educated people. We educated a total of 30 million people, which corresponds to 1.5 times our population. What that means is that everyone has listened, once, twice, three times. When we raise our spirits, many reports of spies come in, but when we stay still, all the spy reports sink. This is the concern of the intelligence agency.

So, as this happens, we can't just block everything and do nothing, so people gather in groups and tell us to 'do it, do it.' Now, our principle study group is being supported by the Ministry of Education, the Ministry of Justice, the National Intelligence Service, and even the Blue House. They want us to develop somehow.

How can we develop? To create a base, we need universities. If we have universities, we can completely organize at the national level… When we mentally arm the students at the universities, if Seoul University opposes, we can create a student army and go one-on-one, saying, 'You brat, do you think restoring democracy is like communism? You brat!' and even beat them up, even if we have to scrape their foreheads to make them submit. We need to incite young people with a sense of purpose and expel those kinds of brats. They should be expelled to the 38th parallel. We should load them onto trucks and chase them to the 38th parallel. Just try sending one truck. Then immediately… 'You guys want to live in the North? If you like the North, why are you here?' and load them up and chase them away. 'You brats, go! Go. Cross over, you brats!' If students do that, they won't get bored. We also need such an organization. Only then will there be a way to survive.

Anti-demonstration movement centered around professors in universities
Next, what we need to do is organize the Victory Alliance centered around the village units. There are now about 200 military units. We need to organize special forces in these military units. They are volunteer soldiers, volunteer soldiers. Then, all those armed with our victory ideology will eliminate communism.

Even if I have to fund it, I will prepare one or two buses for each military unit, about 300 or 400 buses, and when there is a demonstration, 50 or 100 people from each military unit will rush into the schools. Then, swinging clubs, they will say, 'You brat, I told you to study, what are you doing? You brat, aren't you a puppet of Kim Il-sung?' They must be beaten violently. Will the military do that? Will the police do that? That's why the problem is big now.

So what should we do? Professors must do it. All faculty members must decide that policy centered around the board of directors in faculty meetings. Then… Now, liberal professors all know. Professors know everything but are closing their eyes. They are closing their eyes now. So, this won't do. We should pick out certain professors in the school and say, 'Don't you have impure thoughts in your ideology, liberal thoughts? Aren't you close to communism?' and impose sanctions and give advice. We must advise against coaching any demonstrations. Then, even right-wing professors will completely unite in that regard. They will then collude with the board of directors and advise, 'If you start another demonstration, it will be your responsibility.'

Then, they will cut off their heads. We must do such things. We must cut off their heads. 'These brats, these kids, we feed them, and they are all being used to lay the foundation for communism?' If we cut off the heads of just 10 or 20 in one school, those teachers will completely become coaches and lecture for them. What do they know?

We must do such things, but this academy… If 800 people in the academy start making a fuss, starting from Dr. Lee, their heads will be cut off one by one. No matter how much they make excuses, it won't matter. Moreover, sitting with Reverend Moon of the Unification Church and colluding with him, that's the first case. Dr. Yoon, it's not a laughing matter. Dr. Yoon is the second case. (laughter)

I know the communist world too well; in Vietnam, it is common. It is a common phenomenon. This bourgeois ideology has not only become habitual but has also become chronic, and they think of it as a disease. They think of it as a germ. They think it will remain even if burned. That's why they worry about cutting off the neck and removing the root. They cut off the necks of descendants, even up to the third generation.

In this situation, I created an academy of over 800 people, and I must do something that helps the country in its crisis and instills a sense of national identity in guiding the youth; otherwise, I won't feel the worth of the money I spent. If we just muddle through and all get killed, what will that look like? I would rather think that if I hadn't created the academy, I would have suffered less. People like Dr. Lee are sensitive, so they will control it well and won't get caught. (laughter) It's not a laughing matter.

Because I know communism well, I prepared defense industries.
When I think about these issues, it is serious. So, I told Son Dae-o, 'You need to wake up,' and I told Joo Dong-moon, 'You need to wake up. You must go now. You must go immediately.' I'm doing that now. I did that in Japan too. I'm fighting against communism. I did one-on-one combat movements. It's astonishing.

America is doing that now too… So, what does communism say about Reverend Moon? They all say, 'He's a dictator. He's a tyrant.' They call him a tyrant. (laughing) In Korea, they all know about the defense industries. The rumors about religious leaders being murderers are also because of the defense industry. I played a significant role in developing the Vulcan cannon at the Ministry of Defense. In 1981, I presented two units that I made in 1975 to the president. I funded it… That alone cost 180 million won. At that time, 180 million won would be over 300 million now. It was 500 million, since it was 1980. I made two units based on that standard and presented them all. At that time, it was when tigers were smoking cigarettes. The Ministry of Defense said they would develop it in 1981, but I was crazy to be doing that six years in advance, in 1975.

And for the demonstration of the tank cannon, to fire the large cannon, we had to demonstrate direct fire. We developed all of that. Did President Park of the Korean government ever dream of military industry? We did it all. I know that well; I also know the military industry development areas.

All of these things were done because I know communism well. Communism, when the balance of power is in their favor, always has no notice, day or night. There is no notice. Now, they have created special forces of over 100,000 and are trying to infiltrate South Korea.

So, I recently reorganized the Victory Alliance and told them to finish by September. By September, I want all the village units to be self-sufficient. The national power cannot do it; they must be self-sufficient. Patriotism must be done by all 37 million individuals. The direction of thought that can lead to patriotism is not different. Where is it that only Reverend Moon can do it? It is a shared destiny.

Whether it is the military or military leaders, provincial leaders, village leaders, or village chiefs, all must work under this shared responsibility. They must cooperate with us with all their might to save the country. When there are no such mental regulations, the country will be lost. This is theoretical.

How many national solidarity entities are there that think about the country in the Republic of Korea? The communists are united as one, saying they will red China South Korea with 17 million people. This means they will be defeated. Therefore, I have felt the responsibility to hurry up and establish this foundation, and I have proceeded until now. From military education issues to the reorganization of villages, I have done it all. I have even held village unit conferences. There was a problem when trying to organize the opposition at the village unit conference. So this time…

I told them to finish by September. I told them to volunteer to become military leaders. The activities of the military should be done by themselves, whatever they do, as long as the headquarters gives instructions. Thus, at the military level…
The self-integration movement, the self-integration movement at the township level, and the self-integration movement training at the ri level are being adapted. So, centered around Australia, all five family members must unite to create a defensive base against the Communist Party.

Then, what kind of organization was instructed? There is one ri with five ban. So if you combine 20 bans, three or four ri can unite. That makes 20 bans. Until now, they were under one ban leader, so all secrets could be guaranteed, and there was no relationship with other ri or other ban. Also, the village head had no relationship with other village heads. This means that if these two are tightly knit, they can hide spies as much as they want, so to blow this up, 20 bans must become one team, and then four ri must become one team and connect. The village head and ban are connected in a hierarchical relationship, and ri and ri are connected in a lateral relationship; they must be connected.

Based on this principle, a village head should not only serve in one place. After six months, we organize our branch, the branch leader. How does the ri branch leader do that? Even if they go to work, they should move to another ri during the six months. After two years, they can manage four ri while moving. They will know the entire area of those four ri in detail. At the same time, this is clearly for the purpose of helping the country. It is not a problem that their ri is assisting; it is about saving the Republic of Korea based on our foundation. And there must be plans to retake all the way to the North.

What happens as a result of this? Immediately, the ban leader focuses on meetings, and if there are five bans in one ri, all members of the five bans gather... After a few months, everything that was opposed will completely change, so the situation must be understood in detail. Do you understand? Understanding the situation in detail means the movement to identify communism.

Then, if there are five bans in one ri, and if they are subordinate and change every three months, then in a year and a half, all five ban leaders will have gone through completely. The operation that the five ban leaders go through is the operation to identify infiltrators. What happens if you do this is that the village head's thinking becomes stronger for the whole rather than for their own interests. Thus, it becomes a double operation.

People have dual purposes of individual goals and collective goals. The principle of creation is like that. Then, the dual structure of loving the country while serving one's own home and serving the ri becomes clear. The township serves the townspeople and the entire four townships. This way, a place is prepared where the spirit of patriotism can be connected.

Thus, the ban leaders should compete with each other, and if there are four ri, the village heads of the ri should compete. Then, it is useless for you all. They should create a testing system and make everyone take tests. They must create a textbook and make everyone take tests. By educating them in this way, everyone should compete... To support this, the Victory and Public Unity Headquarters needs funding. The funding for support is needed, but they must solve the funding for activities internally.

So, they go all the way to the far places and make rounds. They create a rotation system with hundreds of people at the township level, dozens at the ri level, and dozens at the county level, and if they strengthen education completely while changing this organization with the seasons, it will be sufficient. And sometimes, they will conduct mock spy identification operations. Even if they do it just once a year, they will catch them completely.

Let’s connect the anti-communist line from Korea to the world. What happens when you train like this? These people know the unification ideology. They know the Victory and Public ideology and the principles of the Unification Church. When this happens, Christians will be completely surrounded. If they confront and fight Christians and bend Christianity, it can be connected globally. By connecting nearly one billion Christians worldwide at once, the anti-communist line of the free world is seen to start from Korea. I am currently laying the groundwork for that in the free world. 

That is why, if we finish this domestically, the Republic of Korea will be protected. Not only protected... The North Korean regime has been propagating for 37 years that they will invade with less than half our population, so why can't they do that in the South? That is because the rulers are wrong.

We must retake North Korea. So, we must push forward. Focusing on the separated families and important figures who came out of North Korea, we must awaken the younger generation to the miserable facts they experienced. We must tell them about the injustices and grievances they have endured, speaking of the communism of Kim Il-sung. "Kim Il-sung is not acceptable. I know Kim Il-sung. This bastard is a human butcher. He slaughtered our mother like a cow, and he is the butcher who killed our grandfather and your grandfather." We must instill this ideology in everyone.

These days, we have weapons made and training done, saying, "Come down, you bastard, if you don't come down, I will go up!" This must be the hope. Thus, what we standardize is not just unifying the North and South. We must move nearly one billion of that China with our own hands and move the Soviet Union with our own hands. This must be centered around that standard. But that is too far, so first, we must focus on the communists and stop Kim Il-sung's group, and in the future, we must defend against China and the Soviet Union. Only then can we think of independence and survival. If we only think of ourselves and wander around seeking power, we will end up being a fleeing group. Such things will completely flow away.

Now, if this environment is theoretically seen as certain, will scholars with brains just let it pass? Students must do better than the communists. What do you think, Dr. Yoon? "Yes." Otherwise, I see no way to survive.

I already suggested these things to the intelligence agency in 1967. "Please entrust the young people from the five provinces of the North to me; I will educate them." So, I had a plan to create anti-communist fighters. 

At that time, what the intelligence agency was afraid of was, "If we entrust them to someone like Moon, will they all be turned into Unification Church followers and ruin Korea?" Behind that, there were many established church factions.

Professors and the principle research group must unite to strike a decisive blow on campuses. Therefore, I had to strengthen the power imbalance and establish a position where I could gain the upper hand. For that, money is needed, and we must cultivate our capable successors of justice.

Now, what has happened? The established church pastors and elders cannot handle our young people. Theoretically, they cannot handle it. When it comes to lectures, we are all responsible and lecturing, while the established church pastors cannot say a word and are sneaking away. So, they are losing. Theoretically, they are losing.

They have lost, but centered around missionaries, the WCC has established a control system behind the scenes, utilizing them as propaganda agents for communism. They are now boldly presenting themselves under the title of Christian Marxism. These people oppose the government and are doing all this, and the government knows it, yet they tell us, "Mr. Moon, create an industrial church that can eliminate missionaries..." After the procession, they are blowing the trumpet.

Now is the time to draw the sword and decide yes or no. From professors to university students and workers and farmers... Therefore, on campuses, the principle research group and professors must unite to strike a decisive blow, and then, centered around labor unions, we must organize our special forces to mobilize nationwide personnel for defense. I have come to this conclusion.

This is serious talk. So, I have been probing important public opinions. Sure enough, these days, we are standing on the cutting edge of danger and are now staggering. If someone pushes us just a little to the side, we will fall as they push. Then, regarding maintaining power, such a day will come. "Ideologically, students are in a quite dangerous state." So now I... "You know about the demonstrations? They say in the newspapers that a few students were arrested, but it is tremendous. I went to the groundbreaking ceremony of the law school at Korea University. On one side, they are having a groundbreaking ceremony, and on the other side, they are demonstrating. But those kids, their slogans are almost all communist." That is the communist. So why do we let that be? "It is like that; I was surprised."

So, I say this. Even if Dr. Lee doesn't want to hear this today, I must say it. When I think that the fate of the nation, the roots of the Republic of Korea, are being blown away, "This is a big problem." If we have such thoughts, we must at least maintain our position and continue to cultivate successors. This is our situation, especially since I am from the Unification Church... Many people are calling me a patriot these days. What patriotism? We are just struggling to find a way to survive because we were born into a tragic fate as the Korean people.

Only those who are prepared can guarantee the future. Therefore, from now on, we must truly carry out a movement to unite the chancellors and professors. We must carry out a movement to unite the chancellors and the board of directors. We must set the school authorities' policy like that, and based on our professors' academy, we must collaborate with right-wing professors and center around our principle research group... I have instructed to create 30,000. It is a special directive. We must create 30,000 this year.

Therefore, based on this, I will give a directive, and we must risk our lives to stop the demonstrations on campuses, even if it means dying. The government cannot be involved in that, you see, the government. Will the former president send the military? Will they mobilize the police?

We hate the communists. Until now, the Unification Church's Mr. Moon has been persecuted by the communists all his life. It was not the government that did anything. The communists have been behind it all, with the KGB coordinating behind the scenes to portray Mr. Moon as a villain not only in America but throughout the world. The communists have been carrying out operations against us through third parties as a strategy to take revenge, purely. We feel a responsibility to fight against communism.

We must bring this out. "Our teacher has a responsibility to take revenge that extends to the campuses, but Chun Doo-hwan does not know. The Republic of Korea government does not know. Don't those people know about communism?" We must confront them like this. We are simply trying to eliminate Kim Il-sung's henchmen. For that, this is unavoidable.

This is an essential fact for experimentation, so let’s bring in this theoretical basis. When professors gather, they must criticize communist theory and propose alternatives and educate. That is why I created the Christian Professors Association. What year was that? "1973." No, the Christian Professors Association? "It was established in 1981." Right? No, it was hurried. It was founded in March 1981. At that time, I went to the United States and after the scientists' conference, I immediately said to create the Christian Professors Association. I have rushed to create this Christian student association as well. "It is doing well now." Ah, it must do well; if the country collapses, we will die.

Those who are not prepared should know that they cannot be guaranteed. Those who are not prepared cannot be guaranteed. No matter how great they are, they will flow away as great people. They will flow away. They become historical fertilizer. Mr. Moon is very serious about this. I have endured all kinds of hardships to lay the foundation for being guaranteed in America.

Now, they cannot avoid guaranteeing it. Legally, that is the case. They will come directly and be forced to kneel.

Therefore, in fact, I wanted to meet once before I go and talk about things I don't want to hear, but Dr. Lee has come well. I wanted to talk about the responsibilities as the head of the academy.

Now, what about Reverend Moon... I do not want to support Reverend Moon. I do not want that for the academy. There is nothing but to put Reverend Moon forward instead of making the Republic of Korea support him. That is how I see it. In terms of ideology, we already have experimental results against communism. Accept the Victory and Public Union. There will come a time when demonstrations will happen in each school saying, "The Victory and Public Union should support the teaching materials." That is why I am rushing. I am throwing out feelers to several universities now. If this does not work... I will have to chase after it like last year, this year, and next year.

So, when the day comes when we are just sitting on campuses, we will pledge with a sword in hand and organize a progressive faculty to revive the spirit of patriotism and save the free world. Then, if there are 100 professors, they will reassess their own students and conduct ideological analysis into A, B, and C types and report to us. They will report as a whole and categorize them into A type, B type, and C type. A type is the worst. Those bad people must be drawn out for re-education and must undergo Victory and Public education. If they still do not listen and wander around, they will be cut off. We must do such things.

If the entire faculty is like this, then the board of directors and the chancellor must set a firm decision direction for all universities nationwide. If not, everything will be ruined. I do this because I know communism well. Communism... Look. Once you cross the hill, it is all over. There can be no opposing forces. They will chop off heads.

And do not even dream that North Korea will be in chaos because of Kim Jong-il. If such a problem arises, when they say they will re-enter the revolutionary struggle, they will completely gather high school students under 18, 16, 17, and 18 years old. There are excellent disciplinary vice-principals in high schools. Those disciplinary vice-principals will become teachers and form a complete organization. Then, under the orders of the police and military, they will declare the complete overthrow of reactionary elements and impure elements.

To do that, they must receive reports through all the students in the school, the school teachers. Then where do they go? One goes to the school, one goes to the police station, and one goes to the military. They go to three places. At any moment, they could be taken away without knowing. The free world must not think it is that easy. They will pull in the youth brutally... They do not know anything, so they will just do as they are told.

What is Korea doing? Here we all sit, these leaders. I am saying things I do not want to hear, but these are urgent and necessary words. These are words needed before this nation.

That is why I took them to Mani Mountain the other day for a meeting. Kim Bong-tae said...
This is it. Actually, I brought three people with me. I also brought Dr. Yoon. At that time, Dr. Lee was nowhere to be found. So, I intended to give strong instructions to Dr. Yoon, but since my mother was there, I had no choice but to come down and return here... The Son Dae-oh was waiting and went after 11 o'clock, right? "Yes." So, I met him again later, and a week later, I gave those instructions. What the teacher predicted is undoubtedly correct.

So, I went through Jeju Island, then to Geoje Island, and then to Ganghwa Island to pray. When I got to Ganghwa Island, I shouted "Long live the Republic of Korea!" while looking over the 38th parallel. As I crossed the 38th parallel, I promised God that I would take down Kim Il-sung. I am a man who promised to remove Kim Il-sung with my own hands. Now, I think my time is approaching. The day South Korea listens to me will be the day I deal with Kim Il-sung myself. If they don't listen, I plan to stabilize the university areas and create an environment where that can happen. Even so, if Korea doesn't listen, I will have to put pressure through Japan and the United States to go that way. That is why I have been doing this work until now.

If this happens, Dr. Lee will also become a historical hero. Just look at that little General Kwon. (He laughs) Although I have been criticized for meeting the Unification Church, I have met people like us, so anger can turn into fortune. The affairs of the world are unpredictable. The way things turn out is not always as expected. The world ideally turns when two wheels are turning like this. It is because it is one wheel. While one wheel is turning, you can think of it as having turned another wheel. Only when the opportunity arises, you see. (He laughs) It may turn in the opposite direction, but this is progressive and developmental rotation. That’s how I see it.

So, isn’t it different now? The free world across the globe is like that. Even Japan believes in me. The Liberal Democratic Party of Japan believes in me. The person who is currently being thought of in the United States is me. The Republican Party in the United States sees that I am the only one who has elected President Reagan. This is not a delusion. It is a decisive fact.

Now, I am breaking through these outer fences. I believe that a day will come when I will definitely settle in Korea in the not-too-distant future. How embarrassing would it be to have built all the bases abroad and then settle down? For example, I said that if Korean professors don’t write Reverend Moon’s books at the scientific conference, it would be a big problem, but who would know when it becomes night? I hurriedly went and made everything, and if I hadn’t done that, how embarrassed would I have been? Now, how many books have been published in the United States centered around the Unification Church? More than thirty, you see, after the scientific conference. Do you understand?

How embarrassing would that be? At least I was able to save face because I made that. If I hadn’t, there would have been nothing for Korea to boast about at the scientific conference. Korea would have no face to talk about having done something historically first in the academy.

That is why I gathered a few people with the money I didn’t have and persuaded them all like this. They are all like encyclopedias. Fortunately, I did all that, otherwise there would be no face for the academy. Then what would happen to the teacher?

Similarly, Japan has now entered the stage of acting as a vanguard. Japan is currently fighting as a vanguard in the struggle against communism centered around the Principle Research Association. The United States has also entered that stage now. But Korea cannot be like this.

Who will take the conclusive responsibility for that? It will be the Korean professors. What have the scholars in Korea and the Principle Research Association in Korea done? The Japanese agents are now going to Berlin, preparing to break through the Berlin Wall. The students from the Principle Research Association in Japanese universities are already training special forces. American students are all...

But what is Korea doing now? If there is a Bongtae now, it would have been hit hard. It’s fortunate it hasn’t appeared. (He laughs) This is not a time to laugh. Who will protect Korea, who? What will a well-studied doctor do? The country is being sold off. A tragic history like this is swirling around, and when you realize that it is advancing right before your eyes, you must stop it even if it costs you your neck, or else you must replace it. I see it as an urgent time.

So, centered around interdenominational activities, by 1985, which marks 40 years, we must reach the peak of prosperity. In Japanese, this is called "Noruka Soruka" (のるかそるか; success or failure). It means that the era of fighting to decide whether to eat or be eaten is coming. That is why I am hastening the interdenominational movement.

We spend more than four times the budget of our association headquarters, sometimes more than ten times. Now, the government cannot oppose the Unification Church. While they are doing that, we are mobilizing pilgrimage participants to bring pastors and guide them on pilgrimages. Pastors without guts cannot do it. The Presbyterian Church lacks guts. There is no man who will risk his life for justice. If it were us, we would step forward even if our heads were smashed. Even after hearing what others say...

I said that to our congressmen and government officials. What do you gain by supporting them? The money you earn is to help the country, to liberate this nation and people, but what do you get by giving it to them? When they criticize Reverend Moon, they shrink back like turtles, and when it’s unfavorable, they say this or that.

I feel sorrowful that I have sent even a penny until now. We speak openly. We lay it all out right there. That is why Sasakawa scolds me several times. What is great about that guy is that even after being scolded by me several times, he still likes me. That’s how a man should be. Even while fighting, when you grab the balls and hit, you must win even if you have to let go of that. After that, you should also know how to apologize for the wrongs you committed. That’s how people say that man is really cool. Even after being treated like that, he still likes me. That’s the position we are in.

So now, what? Dr. Lee is now in a position of retirement, and he is more than me. We are becoming neighbors.

The global communist parties are aiming their weapons at me like Balkan or Soviet-made Katyushas, and the whole world is rising up against Reverend Moon right now. I am receiving notifications from the Tokyo Metropolitan Police, and the KGB and CIA are politically interfering and trying to deal with Reverend Moon. That is possible, these double agents. Although the CIA director and politically appointed officials are not doing that, they are.

Kim Il-sung is training agents centered around his South American henchmen and sending them in. The neighbor is standing at the forefront of that. That is why I cannot enter Japan. I could enter Japan if I wanted to, but I choose not to.

In this situation, who says I should be the only one to bear this? Isn’t it the same for Dr. Yoon and all of you who love the country? It’s the same for Dr. Lee. Although he boasts that Yoon Tae-rim is his in-law, it’s good to have in-laws, but the children he is boasting about are all in danger too.

As for our Seong-jin in Japan, I hear that they report daily from the communist world, and they are asking, "Where have you been?" This is a serious issue. They think that because a fire is burning in the neighboring town, it won’t reach their house, but that is not the case. The fire that burns in someone else's house will come to my house.

In that sense, having done this much, the current government cannot absolutely oppose the Unification Church. I predicted this again. This time, they are going to shoot. (He laughs) That’s why I held a banquet and so on. In the future, all international economic research will be in my hands, in my hands... (The recording cuts off briefly)

Now, you should know this. That time has come. Now, I am wrestling with everything laid out. Does Dr. Lee have anywhere to run? He has already been rumored to be a frontman for the Unification Church. Now, there is no room for excuses. He should take off his glasses and say, "I am like this!" and expose his chest. "This is the way to love the country, the way to save the nation, and this is the way that will allow the victory of unification to ring with the Taegukgi flying over Baekdu Mountain, so it is unavoidable. If this is wrong, I will die, and a few generations later, that day will come."

We, people like us, have come this far even if thirty million oppose us and the whole world is against us, so what is there to worry about? Just think about it. People like us, during the Liberal Party government, five ministers tried to kill me. A woman named Park Maria or Francesca, the president's wife... They mobilized five ministers for that. I still cannot forget the humiliation I suffered at that time. The words of those brats saying "Hey, you!" still pierce my bones and I have not forgotten them.

Even while receiving such opposition... The established churches have not been able to kill me, so they have let me go. For 37 years, what have I done in their house? Have I done any thievery or anything? What have I done? They beat me up. Since I didn’t die, they now think, "When that guy comes out alive and lays the foundation, we will all go to hell." They know they will all end up in the Aoji coal mine. In the past, they used to say they would send people to the Aoji coal mine. (He laughs)

Now they feel threatened. In the past, I felt threatened because of them, but now they feel threatened because of me. If I say, "Those bastards will lose their heads," they are now at a stage where that feels real.

Everything in the world is changing. Having come this far... Now, I have nothing to envy. When Dr. Lee passes away, he can make a statue of Dr. Lee with gold and diamonds. It is because I have laid the foundation for such capabilities that I am not afraid.

You must know that comfortable places lead to ruin.

In this situation, if you cannot fight and become a loser, you might as well die. That’s what I think. If I had been given this foundation, I would have already caused problems not just in South Korea but throughout Asia. It is because I am an unfortunate person that there is no one to create such a foundation for me. So, since there was none, I created it. Therefore, from now on, when we start acting, we need a vanguard. The academy must become the vanguard, CARP must become the vanguard, and Christians must become the vanguard. Isn’t that right? Scholars must become the vanguard as well. So, we must mobilize all the scholars in the world to demonstrate against the world communist movement. That is how the free world survives. We must demonstrate, we must demonstrate.

Communist professors are already experts in demonstrations. They are the kings of demonstrations. They issue orders, saying, "If you can’t do it, I will show you," and they all become laborers carrying burdens, living like beggars, teaching others. You must understand that. That is what communist professors are doing. They go to the front lines, wearing rags and starving, sitting in love rooms in the countryside, sleeping on the bare floor, and providing this education.

In such a situation, if you only seek comfortable places, you will perish. You will perish. If God exists, such people must perish. Even when I go somewhere, I try not to wear a tie if possible. That is how I feel comfortable. It is no longer the era where you can fight in a suit. When the time comes, I will wear a tie and a suit to fight.

Dr. Lee has met a person like me because of his bad fate. "It seems so." (He laughs) Someone has to do this, someone. Now, knowing this, we must gently guide these old men to the path of liking us, and if there is a way to go all the way to Baekdu Mountain, we must take that path.

In my opinion... Recently, a famous person in the U.S. testified that North Korean kids have dug tunnels. So, there is a very skilled person in finding springs through tunnels, and I told him to check all around the 38th parallel. I gave that instruction today, calling that person. I heard that there are five large tunnels even beyond the Han River, so I said, "Dig immediately; I will provide the money." I gave that instruction today. (He laughs)

If this happens and it is reported in the U.S. Congress that "Reverend Moon went to Korea and dug tunnels with funding and dug several tunnels," it will become a global rumor. Then, in terms of anti-communism, Reverend Moon will have one wing, then two wings, three wings, and four wings. Then a way to survive will emerge. "If it is discovered, that will be significant." It will be significant. "I heard there are also reports that they dug from beyond the Imjin River to Seoul."

Now, in such a situation, why can’t Korea dig a hole all the way to Pyongyang? I must do that. If I am given an army, can I not dig to Pyongyang? I want to dig all the way to Manchuria and bring the Koreans living on the border to train them all in the army. How far is it from here to Seoul? It’s only about 500 ri, maybe about 1000 ri? It’s 580 ri to Jeongju. From Jeongju to Anjeonghyeon, it’s 280 ri. So, it’s about 900 ri. Even if it’s a 900 ri journey, we must do it to save the country.

That is why I have planned around this highway. If I enter China, I will work with the Chinese leaders... This must be perfected, and by controlling China, I can deal with Japan.

Looking at this, those who know feel pity. There is no one to sympathize... I have established the academy, but when it is unfavorable, the scholars try to retreat quickly. I have never thought of my own interests. I do not think I established it for my own benefit.

If Korea can organize against communism, it can lead the world.
You shouldn't do that. I have to make sure that America does not retreat, so I have been fighting with presidents since Nixon's time, fighting to cut off Carter's head, fighting for Reagan's election, and all of that is because of Korea. But whether it's loud or small, they all say they set the ball rolling and blame all the world's evils on someone named Moon... That's fine.

These days, those scholars... That Dr. Yoon? "Yes." And Dr. Lee are all discussing it now, and they understand... They understand what kind of person I am. They realize that when Korea creates a foundation to organize communism from a subjective standpoint, Korea will lead the world. That's for sure. Having laid this much groundwork, no matter how much criticism comes, it will be useless. It's a fact with evident proof, and if we hesitate here, we might as well die. We have to die. It may sound like a rude thing to say, but it can't be helped.

Dr. Lee came for no reason today, didn't he? "No, I had a guess before, but I forgot that today is the 10th anniversary." So you didn't know today is the 10th anniversary? Our Republic of Korea, centered around this resolution, after declaring war on communism from all the professors, how significant would that be? If we issue a statement and someone in the university, away from politics, voluntarily steps up, we need young people and professors for a civilian movement, and we need to keep putting that in the newspapers. Only then can I take action, and the nation will recognize it as 'the right thing to do,' and the people will create an environment where they can all support it, allowing us to hold a conference for immediate action.

So I gave those instructions. I have to do it even if I have to sell my property. Recently, I sold my house in Samcheong-dong to do that. A house worth 4 billion... (laughs) Because I sold the house, the effect was significant. Moon Chung-hee did that with his house, but what have we done? If we can sell this house, we sell it. You need to understand that. Do you understand? "Yes." No objections? "Yes, that's good." Chairman Lee, I heard you loud and clear.

Let's move towards the overthrow of Moscow.
That Joo Dong-moon has such great skills. With a face like that, he seems like he could set up a game. (laughs) So I attached him because I wanted to use him at the last moment. "Yes, I understand (Mr. Joo Dong-moon)." Your father is in the North, and you are in the South, so when you save your father, you have to make him say, 'Father, you did wrong, didn't you?' and he should say, 'That's right!' "Yes." We need to create capable individuals who can theoretically and practically bring about submission to save this country. I know communism well.

Now I need to visit my hometown once... Before I die, I need to see my hometown. Otherwise, I think, oh, I don't want to die away from home... I don't want to be taken back to my hometown and buried there. That is national unification. That is the wish of 37 million people. To shorten that process, we must voluntarily endure severe pain and suffering. That is the path of the righteous and the patriots. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

There is no such thing as an academy or anything. Whether it's the Christian Academy or the Principle Research Association, they are all one. If the Republic of Korea unites with the same spirit through this one, the second day of liberation will come to the Republic of Korea. The 38th parallel, by whose power? We must liberate the 38th parallel with our independent strength, suppressing the forces of a third power. There is no problem. That's why I am currently instructing guerrilla training. I am training young people from 127 countries. Just feeding them, we will send troops from several countries to the front lines to support the soldiers.

If that happens, it will be difficult. It will be difficult. This is something only I can do, only I. It's the same in America. Among the high-ranking people, those who know say, 'Reverend Moon is the only one trying to save the free world. There is only one person working.' This is the common understanding.

That's why the communists are all trying to die. Now, let's think... In the past, we made a big fuss about a hundred people issuing a statement and dying, right? That was nothing. These days, it seems there are professors who said they issued statements back then. That was then, and now it's real. Just like the communist declaration, a new declaration must resound loudly from the university world and the democratic world. An event more astonishing than the April 19 Revolution must occur. It's not just about overthrowing this regime. (laughs) We are moving towards the overthrow of Moscow. We are calling for the expulsion of the satanic world.

Do you understand, Mr. Son? "Yes." We have to run day and night. When I go to America, I will become Hong Gildong, shining here and there. (laughs) So I have issued a complete order for movement until May 10th across half of Europe. We must create a complete environment. Until the Democratic Party candidate is decided, we must create a second Democratic presidential candidate. If we don't, America will perish. If America perishes, the free world perishes.

Now, the leaders of the White House have come to realize that what Reverend Moon says is right. Who can say more about that? Let them speak about it. "We have prepared a place at 7 PM tonight." Huh? "At 7 PM tonight, I hope you can give a report there as well." Where? "We have arranged for a 10th-anniversary cake cutting at the Seoul Club." Then let's do that. "Yes."

As I mentioned earlier, the fact that I created 'Oh, Incheon' has become a problem for Americans. 'The fact that Reverend Moon created the Washington Times is not for himself or the Unification Church, but for the grieving God, the free world, and America.' This is what I say. If I explain it like that, it will turn around. (laughs) Therefore, I believe there is no one other than Reverend Moon who raises global issues. So, those who believe in the Unification Church will be good from now on. Just like setting sail with a favorable wind... "Oh, has Incheon been released?" It has been released. But it was stopped for a while because the opposition was too strong. "Is it not coming to Korea?" It's currently stopped. The communists... "The communists are obstructing..." "That's right. That movie directly confronts the communists (Mr. Park Bo-hee)." "If our country's information department knew that, they could voluntarily bring it in as an anti-communist movie (Mr. Yoon Se-won)." "It could come into our country, but it's better to make a global impact first before bringing it in (Mr. Park Bo-hee)." That's right.

"Should we have the Christian professors who are in contact come out together? (Mr. Son Dae-oh)" That would be even better. But don't think that I will go. I am trying not to appear. "Yes." I apologize for saying this. I am an honest person. I say it as it is. That's the characteristic of a religious leader. If you can't say what you know, that's just falling leaves in autumn. I am facing opposition because I say these things. What needs to be confronted must be confronted head-on.

A story with Mr. Sasakawa.
Let me tell you a story. It was during the blessing of 430 families. At the 430 family blessing ceremony, during the joint wedding ceremony, there was a man named Sasakawa, and I am close with him. I can joke around and have fun with this guy. While we were at a tourist hotel in Jeju Island, we were saying, "Let's see how big it is," to each other... (laughs) We are that close. He likes me. But when he says something inappropriate, I confront him directly. This guy is quite something. If it were an ordinary person, they would have reacted angrily and said, "How can you say something so rude?" But I said, "What is rude? When a man takes off his clothes, it's all the same." (laughs) That's how we get along.

Once, in 1967, I went to Japan. At that time, the plan was to organize a Victory Alliance in Japan. To do that, I gathered all our professors to stir up the organization of the Victory Alliance nationwide.

That guy is quite greedy. He wanted to set up a game, but there was nothing to gain, so when he heard about it, he was pleased. "I will gather the executives and organize it. The supporting units will all be our Unification Church members, and I will cover the expenses." This is really a game of receiving a lot and dancing, you know. Since it was at that level, it was good.

So, this guy said, "Let's do it." Then I went back to America and, as promised, called everyone to gather, but there was a struggle for hegemony among them. Mr. Sasakawa was trying to separate himself and do it with his own group, and all sorts of scenarios arose. So, this guy was in trouble and was feeling awkward. I had to persuade him. At that time, I suggested that we meet again, saying I would go to the place where we used to gather and talk quietly.

But what happened then? The business he was running was a motorboat racing business. It's like a boat race. Still, he was quite successful in Japan. So he wanted to boast to me. There is a good place under Mt. Fuji, called Lake Kawaguchi. It's a training ground for motorboats. He gathered many citizens from the prefecture to promote himself. He was showcasing dozens of people who ride motorboats, promoting himself.

So, he said he had something to show me, and we went to the motorboat square. When I got there, he wanted to show off the boats and asked me to sit next to him. I sat and watched (laughs), and he was in a good mood. Then he started talking and said, "Oh, Mr. Moon, if you need these boats in Korea, I can provide as many as you want, so just let me know." I didn't say anything at that time. I pretended not to hear what he said and let it go.

I didn't go there to see the boats; I went to discuss and settle things with that guy, but that was a diversion. I felt uncomfortable and didn't respond.

The right thing must be recognized to win.
Then our joint wedding ceremony took place in 1968. A few months after 1967, I was invited to celebrate. He still liked me. They invited me to the Grand Hotel, and the next day, during the joint wedding ceremony, he even brought his second son. At that time, seeing his second son at the joint wedding was quite grand. Until then, he had been a bachelor. But he requested that I allow him to attend the joint wedding ceremony. Given the circumstances, I was pleased.

After the joint wedding ceremony, at the banquet, I gathered the newlyweds and took them to the celebration at the Grand Hotel, and I spoke up there. "This guy, when we went to the motorboat place, he was in a good mood, but I went there because I needed Mr. Sasakawa, not to admire the boats. You shouldn't have come here just to give a congratulatory speech." I reprimanded him. "You came representing Japan. I called you to open the way for the Japanese people to go to the world, not to give a congratulatory speech." I confronted him. That was rude.

Then this guy was so upset that he stayed up all night. My children were serving him, and he just kept coming in and out. Can you imagine being publicly criticized like that? It was not just a minor rudeness. I knew that would happen. Still, this guy managed to hold it in and let it go. Even after being confronted and criticized, he looked up at the sky and laughed, just letting it go. If it were Dr. Lee, he would have run away. (laughs) That's the difference. That's the difference.

That's why this guy, even if he met Hitler or Mussolini in the past, could have flown back and forth in his private plane. He may be small in stature, but he is a giant. He spent that night laughing it off, but he was hit hard. I returned as I was, and this guy must have thought a lot about it. He couldn't sleep that night.

While my girls were serving him, he said, "Mr. Moon from Korea is indeed a figure; wow, he's number one, there's something impressive about him." He thought it was amazing that he couldn't do anything and was caught up in it. (laughs) That's how it turned out.

People need that. For him, that becomes material for stories to tell for a long time. Even in the most serious situations, it is bound to happen. That is propaganda. When you can disregard face and shame, that person gains the power to say to the top people in Japan, "Reverend Moon represents Asia." This kind of evidence is necessary. At such times, you have to take such risks.

A person who can keep the rhythm is needed.
That's why even if Dr. Lee doesn't want to, he does it. Even if Dr. Yoon says the right thing and doesn't want to... Those who retreat when they say the right thing will retreat, while those who move forward by acknowledging the right thing will win. At such times, Dr. Yoon is the same. You have to be bold at such times.

Even the chairpersons of the World Scientists Conference have made personnel changes recently. Where in the world is there such a law? You are the vice president, and the president is now the vice president, and this is how personnel changes are made; where in the free world, in the American world, is there such a law?

Do I not know that? I know it very well. (laughs) Without doing that, we cannot create an environment. Once we did that, when I went to Philadelphia this time, what I am doing is 100% accepted. If not, we cannot take control in the future. We need to do something big, and if we are going to establish a university, we need to tell the well-known doctors in the sponsoring committee, "Leave everything and come," and they must all come without excuses. I will even pay them more.

To carry out such movements, we need to pave the way over several years. Now, I know that whatever I do, it will be like that. They all have the eyes to compare. If you look at what Reverend Moon has done so far...

In that regard, Dr. Kaplan said something. (laughs) After all the personnel changes, he said that he was one of those who opposed the Washington Times. "Oh no, Reverend Moon is in big trouble. How will he handle all this? Oh no, he's doomed." That's what he thought.

But after seeing it all, he realized it was a great success, and he acknowledged that he was wrong. That's how it turned out. (laughs)

I know how to keep the rhythm. That one statement could be a mistake for him, but for the whole... How hard is it for a person to create an environment? Such a clever person is needed. You must know how to keep the rhythm. 

Even in the path of justice, a person who can keep the rhythm is needed. Even a former president, when he was in the security command, who recognized him? Those who kept the rhythm at that time all succeeded. It’s the same.
The person who is quick to catch on is the one who understands that. So, although it is not appropriate for me to speak directly to Dr. Lee right now, if this is good, it can be good on a global scale. If it fails, it fails globally as well. Therefore, do not feel hurt in your heart; instead, think, 'I heard a wonderful message today, I truly heard something from you.' 

God's Victory
The word victory is a very good word, but its content is very difficult. Do you understand? When you hear the word 'victory,' it seems that people like to applaud. (Laughter)

The word victory is very good, but achieving victory is difficult. Now, everyone, if we talk about victory, where should we attach the name of victory? Where should we attach the name of victory? If you reach out your hand, you see, there is my hand and countless other hands. Imagine if we were to hold an exhibition of hands. To achieve victory there, you must go through all the difficult aspects related to hands. That is for sure. The content is complex and difficult. If there are a thousand people, there will be a thousand different conditions. How difficult is that? It is the same with everything.

If you think about it this way, our eyes can think that way, our noses can think that way, and everything can think that way. When we visit a botanical garden, there are thousands or tens of thousands of plant species, and if that itself were to hold an exhibition, such content would be included.

Now, let’s think about holding an exhibition of people. Nowadays, there are contests like Miss Universe where women are showcased as 'the best.' (Laughter) When we think about it this way, why is there no couple contest? That is the problem. (Laughter) There should be one too. Furthermore, why is there no family contest? (Laughter)

What is more precious than Mr. Universe or Miss Universe? Is it not the couple contest? And is not the family contest even more precious than the couple contest? (Laughter) If there is a family contest, then why wouldn’t there be a tribal contest? Wouldn’t a tribal contest be more precious than a family contest? Then, if there is a tribal contest, why wouldn’t there be a national contest? Why is there no national contest where the entire American people unite under the president? 

Then, there should be a world contest, which would be better than a national contest, right? (Laughter) And wouldn’t a cosmic contest be better than a world contest?

When we think this way, if we say that to proclaim victory, we must go through all these contests, it would be boring.

So, what would be the most precious contest among contests? What kind of contest would that be? "Home Church." (Laughter) Today’s title is 'God's Victory,' and if God exists, what kind of contest would He like? Think about "True Love." What kind of contest is that? Someone mentioned it earlier. It is the True Love contest, the True Love contest.

Unchanging love, like a jewel, is precious love.
So, is there only one kind of true love or two? "There is one." Just one.

When we say 'gold,' is American 24-karat gold the same as Korean 24-karat gold? "It is the same." Isn’t it different? "It is the same." Yes, it is the same. Therefore, 'precious means it is a treasure' is the conclusion.

Next, what makes diamonds precious? Whether they are American diamonds or African diamonds, in terms of quality, they are the same. But is a diamond precious because of its color or because it is hard? What makes it precious? "Because it is hard." What is it? It is in its hardness. The hardness is the same, but the light is different. The light is all different.

Also, why are pearls treated as treasures? Is a pearl valuable because it is hard? "No." Then what is it? "Harmony." It is because of harmonized color. Such things do not change and last forever. They are always the same. Even if spring, summer, fall, and winter change, they are not affected. What does not change is a symbol of what is precious, and you must understand that.

Then, what would be love that is precious like a jewel, like a treasure? "Unchanging love." Unchanging love. You know it. Nowadays, when you look at young people in America, they think that those who follow trends are the real people, the precious ones, right? "No." Don’t you like trends? "Yes." (Laughter) In fact, you want to follow trends, right? "No." Why are you laughing? Why are you laughing? When you feel an urge, you move without even realizing it. (Mimicking gestures as he speaks)

Therefore, treasures themselves have the power and value to move others; you must understand that the other person is not the one who moves this treasure. Right? "Yes."

So, what kind of person are you? Is a person who influences others a precious person, or is a person who is influenced a precious person? "A person who influences." A person who influences, but is that a good influence or a bad influence? "Good."

When you say 'good,' does God say 'good' or 'bad'? Can what God calls good be the same as what we call good? "It is different."

So, if we call what God calls good a plus, and when you call what you said good a plus, how do these two relate? When we think about it, which comes first, yours or God's? (He writes while speaking) "What God said." You are saying that because you are 'muni.' Ordinary people or communists would say, 'It is what we said.'

The reason the words and actions of communists differ is that the concept of struggle is at work.
So, what is better? Is what the communists claim better, or what we claim as 'muni' better? "Muni." Why? There could be various reasons. Simply put, when we say it is unchanging, that is the correct statement. (Laughter) 'Muni' is 'muni' at night, 'muni' during the day, 'muni' in the morning, 'muni' at lunch, and 'muni' in the evening. What does that mean? It means that the inside and outside are the same.

However, communists promote good things but act badly. Today, regarding the democratic world, what they promote externally cannot be trusted at all. Communists cannot be trusted. Everything they say is a lie. They act without regard for means or methods to achieve their goals. Their actions come from the concept of struggle. They act under the notion of struggle. Influencing others is the same, but here they influence with fear, intimidation, and threats. They threaten and intimidate. The communist method is to threaten over the phone and through terror. Thus, the inside and outside are different. Their words and actions are different. And within that, there is the concept of struggle. There is a concept of struggle among them. You must understand that the reason words and actions differ is that the concept of struggle is at work. 

Also, the development process they see is a linear process. On a straight line, plus and minus struggle against each other, and then a plus is born again, and when a larger plus is born, it struggles around the minus to grow larger.

However, there is no such logic. There is no logic that something larger will come from struggle. 

Is there a law that something larger comes from fighting? "No." It gets smaller. It gets smaller. That is the principle; how can a larger plus arise? Therefore, their logic is wrong. It is wrong. (Laughter) That is not a concept of struggle but a concept of harmony and fusion; only in the process of fusion can something larger come forth.

Even when you go to school, why do they say, 'Do not fight'? What happens if you fight? You fail. 'Unite! Unite!' They say. That becomes the general slogan of education. That is the foundation of education. The communist theory is a theory of destruction. This logic has no way to return in a circular manner. Circularity means that the upper structure and lower structure must unite and exchange to circulate. But here, there is no circular logic. This is struggle, struggle. (He writes while speaking) It is the struggle of the upper structure and the lower structure.

Such dialectical logic violates the laws of the universe. It may apply to certain developmental processes and phenomenal facts, but it does not apply to the entire world of movement.

For example, when a tree blooms, can it bloom without nutrients circulating? It must go down to the roots, to the roots. It must return to the roots. There is growth and development in movement. Our hearts also move in that way. Therefore, you must understand that all treasures influence the other.

You must see, hear, and speak for others.
So, what about America today? Why is the country of America being condemned before the world as a central nation? Why? 

Why? It is because it is not a real country. It is a fake country. You Americans do not want to hear that. (Laughter) What kind of country is it that makes it so? It is a fake country. Why is it a fake country? It tries to pull the entire free world for the sake of America. What is America now? If there are good people in the world, they try to bring all capable people and put them in. What does that mean? It means, 'Let’s take the good things of the world and make them serve America.' That is why it is a bad country. Therefore, that is a fake country.

Earlier, what did we say a treasure is? A treasure is something that the other needs. It is something that the other wants and influences the other.

Now, what is a bad person? Do you think, 'Black people are worse than white people'? "No." Why not? You must understand that. A bad person is someone who tries to pull others for their own benefit. 

You must understand good and evil. You must know the boundary between good and evil. What is Satan? Satan is someone who wants to put God's things into their own wallet. What is that? "Evil." You must understand that "Evil is Satan; Satan is bad."

Are you a bad person or a good person? "A good person." (Laughter) Next, is your eye good? "Yes." That eye should not look for me. It should look for others. The eye should not look for itself but for others. That is good. The same goes for the ear. It should not listen for itself but for the country, the world, and the greater good.

Also, when it comes to eating, it is not about eating good things but about eating bad things. It is the same. Eating should not be for oneself. Even if I eat, I should eat for the world, for the greater good, for the other. Is that correct? "Yes." Do young people in America like that? "No."

This pragmatism, or whatever it is, you must understand that it is of Satan. What is it? Whose pragmatism is it? It is for me. (Laughter) It is not for others.

So, is pragmatism centered around oneself or is it for the other? Which is it? "It is for oneself." I do not like that kind of thinking. "We do not like it either." You do not like that kind of thinking either? "Yes." You are not Americans? "We are 'muni.'" (Laughter)

All these things have fundamentally gone awry. Now, as I talk about this, where will it lead?

What is eternally needed before the universe and humanity is true love.
This world demands goodness, but if you go for yourself, everything becomes an enemy. Think about how terrifying that is. This world desires goodness, but if you go for yourself, everything will be like an enemy, lurking. Why is that? It is because the world loves goodness. If that is the case, you must understand how lonely that position is. Will you be safe in that position? Will there be peace? You will enter an insecure position.

Now, everyone, are there many people living happily or many people living unhappily? "Many people are living unhappily." What about you? "We are happy." (Laughter) How happy are you? "Very happy." 

So, you said you are happy, right? "Yes." You are 'like pearls, like treasures, influencing others. You are the ones who influence the world that longs for goodness.' How wonderful is that?

So, what do you influence with? What does the universe want? Bread! Does it want money? Does it want bread? "No." Does it want a great general? "No." "The universe longs for global scholars, Nobel laureates." How wonderful is that? "No." (Laughter) Nowadays, they want to be presidents like Reagan. "No." Then what is it? "It is like Reverend Moon." (Laughter) How do you know if Reverend Moon is fake or real? "Because he is unchanging." You are brainwashed. (Laughter) Let’s put Reverend Moon aside…. I am talking about principles. Reverend Moon will leave in a few years; he will leave. He will disappear from this world.

What is it that the universe needs today, and what will you and your descendants need forever? Is it money? Is it power? Is it honor? "True love." That’s right. True love. (Laughter) Then why does everyone want true love? True love is about giving once and not wanting to give again. "No." If you give one, you should give another. If you give one, you should receive one back to give again. (Laughter)

You young people in America, all those who have been educated in pragmatism, if you give one, you should receive one back. You want more. You even want interest, right? That is pragmatism. That is pragmatism.

So, you see, true love is about giving once and stopping, or is it about giving again? "It is about giving continuously." Why? Why do you give again? Once is enough, right? Once is enough. "Because it comes back more." (Laughter) The more you give, the more it comes back!

This tail resembles this; it surely resembles it just as it is. There is no conflict. (Pointing to what he wrote) A loving husband can touch here or there, anywhere is fine. If there is love, it is fine to touch below or above. (Mimicking gestures while speaking. Laughter) Why is that good?
Yo, why? Why? "It's because of love." That's because a spark of love is created there. Why is that? Because love is good. Since love is always good, it never tries to rebel. 

So, what that means is that love has no concept of struggle. It can be attached at any time. Always, whether it's night or day, 24 hours, whether young or old, whether alive or dead, it is always a welcoming concept; it is not a concept of rebellion. There is no rebellion. Is that right? Do you think so? "Yes." 

Love has no concept of struggle. From that perspective, if you are a loving parent, the parent's heart is always good. At first, when you start getting scolded, you feel bad and whine, but you have to go anyway. Even if you are wrong, you have to go. Why is that? You need to understand that true repentance is not about power, nor is it about logic; it is about love.

Now, diamonds are hard, but gold is soft. That's why when you make an alloy with gold, everything harmonizes well. Then, if you have a personality that is harmonized like a pearl, how wonderful is that? Reverend Moon is not just about religion. It's not that "religion has to wear a tie and go around like this." (laughs) No matter where you go, if you go to the labor field, you become friendly with the workers; if you go to the factory, you become the factory manager; if you go to the wrestling ring, you become a wrestler; if you go to a soccer field, you play soccer. Everything is colorful. Also, when you go into the academic world, you get along well with scholars. Everyone likes it. Grandmothers, babies, young people, and old people all like it. Even young women who are getting married think they want a husband like Reverend Moon. Is that true? "Yes." (cheers, applause) It is that colorful. And yet, it focuses on its true nature. It harmonizes and possesses a noble beauty like a pearl.

Our Unification Church members, when they become leaders, say, "Oh—I'm the best. I'm in Abel's position, so you must obey me," right? (laughs) Is that so? "No." The teacher is saying this, and there are many kids who overstep their bounds. Also, our Unification Church members, if you look closely, they try to find only the comfortable places. You shouldn't be comfortable. If you're comfortable, you're like a group that hides. (mimicking) You shouldn't do that.

Is that true? "No." There aren't that many people saying "no." Is that true? "No." (laughs) 

Recently, I told the leaders who came from Korea, "Hey, let's go out on a boat." So… (gesturing) they like everything comfortable. Even if it's on purpose. "Let's see how these kids are doing." (laughs) So, if someone likes the sea, do they dislike the sea or like it? "They like it." When the sea calls, "There's no problem with the sea calling." "Hey!" How good does that feel? Standing in the vast blue sea, "Hey! I'm here!" How good would that feel? "Hey, you like it when I run hard and beautifully, right?" That's right. "Okay, let's go now, even if we die, let's go, whoosh…" (laughs) So, how wonderful is that?

When you say, "I'm going to the mountain," why do you seek the mountain? Do you like the mountain? "Yes." Women like the mountain, but they don't want to climb it, right? (laughs) "No." Then you can never be the owner of that mountain. You can never be the owner. "No." Only men can be the owners. So, do you understand now? "Yes." (laughs) 

America's nature welcomes us, but the people dislike us. 

As soon as I came to America, I traveled to all the famous places in America for 40 days. "Hey, America! Isn't it good that I'm going fast?" So, that's what it is. Just run day and night. The driver is told to run, run, and it's exhausting. They don't know that, so they just say, "Oh, ugh," making dying sounds. (laughs) Then they say, "Father, it's break time now." Why? Because it's midnight. (laughs) So, I said, "The night has already passed. It's 2 o'clock. Our break is over. 1 o'clock, 2 o'clock, 3 o'clock is also morning. There is no break time." (laughs) 

At 1 o'clock, 2 o'clock, and 3 o'clock, there are no other cars, you see. So, you can go at full speed, how wonderful is that? At that time, there are no police either. (laughs, applause) Then you really step on the gas. (laughs) Aren't you all like that? In that sense, I am the champion of America. I am a champion in running. I think I am the only one in the 200 years of American history who has traveled through all 50 states. (applause) 

Having gone around nature like that, now I need to visit all 50 states in the name of heaven. The land loves and longs for me, so I go to find the land, and then I go to find the people because I know that people will long for me. I have to go and meet the people. So, while going to meet them, I go with a good heart, but here, they all make a fuss saying, "Reverend Moon, wah wah wah wah wah." When you say "Moon!" here in America, it makes you think of "Reverend Moon." How unpleasant is that? (laughs) That's how famous I am. 

So, while nature in America welcomes me, what about the American people? Do they welcome me or oppose me? "Not yet." If it's "not yet," then there is hope for the future. Saying "not yet" means there is hope for the future, right? I don't like staying here. Do you like it when the teacher stays? "Yes." 

Look. They dislike Reverend Moon; Jews dislike him, Christians dislike him, the American government dislikes him, and communists dislike him. Is there anyone who likes him? "The Moonies." You all haven't seen the opposing Moonies in court? I can't trust you. (laughs) Until now, all the smart ones have done that. Those who think they are great have all done that.

So, how much have they opposed us by saying, "The Unification Church, the religion that Reverend Moon advocates is not a religion"? That's why they are making a fuss saying, "We don't need tax exemption. Take it all away!" and saying, "Let's expel Reverend Moon!" and going through trials and all that. 

From the bottom, it's all bad, and as you go up a little, it's a little bad, and as you go up a little more, it's a little bad, and as you go up a little more, it's a little bad, and as you go up a little more, it will gradually become the opposite. (laughs, applause) The path to the Unification Church is like this. This is the undeniable fact. But this is a straight line, a straight line. (writing on the board) Those who go back and forth opposing must be eliminated. They must be removed.

So, fighting in the district court is all a failure, in the high court, it’s also a failure, but in the Supreme Court, we will pass! (applause) When we say "pass," Unification Church members are all exhausted. They are so exhausted. (laughs) "No." "I don't like home church. I don't like fundraising." Is that so? "No." Isn't that the case now? In activities and everything, "I like my fiancée, only like my fiancée," right? (laughs) 

After winning the struggle, the construction is more difficult. 

How does a true fiancée act? They say, "I like activity." They say, "I like activity." But you all oppose all of this and make a fuss. Then what? When you meet together, you think you are all ready to have children. (laughs) Surely, "Let's stop home church and earn money to establish a living foundation…" and you are saying all sorts of things. (laughter) Doctor, Ph.D., what does it matter? It's a fuss. They tell you to go to school and become a doctor. (laughs) I'm telling you the truth. "Let's stop church activities and now let's do our activities." 

Now, until now, we have all just been hit regarding the war, but what happens when we win the war? After winning and returning, the country does not welcome you with everything. After that, you have to build. You have to build. You must understand that a construction that is more difficult than the struggle awaits.

Real sweat and real effort must be put in, yet what are you doing? Now, the American people should be saying, "Ah, we like and welcome the Moonies," and it is time for that. (applause) 

Here, ladies, raise your hands, ladies! Mothers, raise your hands. Now, when the order comes to leave your children and husbands behind and go out, do you feel good or bad? Honestly, tell me. "Good." (laughs) If that happens, "Who will feed the baby? Oh! Who will take care of my husband…?" and worries come first, or does the desire to go come first? Answer me. Raise your hands if the desire to go comes first. (laughs) 

Wouldn't such a thing have happened to the teacher? "It has." That's why Seongjin's mother opposed it. Even more than American women, she opposed it. She opposed it the most in the world. The teacher also forgot about the baby, forgot everything, and left. You shouldn't have that. You can't have both. It's either one or the other. You have to choose one. You left a comfortable home and sought the path of death. You sought the prison. You sought the prison in North Korea.

So, when coming to America, wasn't there anything like that? You left everything behind. All Koreans opposed it, so you left without even talking to the 36 families. Even so, despite the opposition, you left all your families behind and went. When coming to America, you came thinking of standardizing court struggles, thinking of breaking out of prison. (applause) Reverend Moon is fighting against the American government. The prosecution thought Reverend Moon was in Germany and Korea and would never return. You must understand that this is the attitude of a Unification Church leader.

I will now end this issue. Then, can we just stop because we lost in the district court? We fight in the high court. Also, we must go up to the Supreme Court and win. "Recognize Reverend Moon's religion in America! Stop making noise and recognize it in America!" That's how we settled down in the end. (applause) 

What does this mean? It means that in America, people can be led freely. (applause) Now, your parents oppose you, and all the deprogramming doesn't work. Now, to the opposing parents, you can say, "The established church and the Unification Church are not different; they are the same. The National Assembly recognizes it, so why do you oppose it, mom and dad!" If you say that, they will immediately go, "Oh, I see." You can say that anywhere, whether in court or outside. The whole world knows. (cheers, applause) You can earn money freely while fundraising.

Then what? It is the American government that says, "Let's expel Reverend Moon. We must expel Reverend Moon." They say they must expel Reverend Moon. They forgive fundraising for Reverend Moon's religion, but they dislike Reverend Moon as a religious figure. (laughs) So, we must fight with this. Kamiyama, what should we do? 

Even if we go to prison, we will advance. 

Even if we have hundreds of trials, we can win. You may not know, but the most famous lawyers in America are all dealing with us. (laughs) Now, just by making a phone call here, you can connect with lawyers in any state. You must know this. It’s the same across the nation. Those people are the top-notch individuals. They know all the state prosecutors, and of course, all the judges and everyone in the national institutions. These famous lawyers in the world have become our allies and are telling the judges, "This won't do."

Next, in America, scholars in the ideological, theological, or philosophical fields have all gone through Reverend Moon's theology. Do you understand? Recently, I have built a global foundation where I can call any world-famous scientists, and they can come running. Do you know that, everyone? "Yes." This year, I organized the Peace Professors Academy for 40 countries.

When I go to England and say, "Reverend Moon has come," professors come running to catch me. Famous professors do that, so I run away. I run away. Also, when I go to Germany and say, "Hey, Reverend Moon has come, so representatives come," it becomes packed. Do you know that? Germany is now scolding Reverend Moon and opposing Unification Church members, but even in that opposing Germany, if I say I want to see them, it becomes packed. Don't you want to follow along once? "I want to follow." 

So, what else is there? What else is there? Recently, we are gathering only religious leaders for a God conference. "Amazing." (applause) You may think it's all over with the word "amazing," but is that simple? (laughs) 

Now, Reverend Moon has truly become a giant in the world. He has become a giant. You all, is it easy to create just one Washington Times? From the beginning of the legal struggle on the first day of March, during that fierce fight, we created the Washington Times. Also, we held the Korean community victory group conference for 40 days. (applause) Is that easy?

So, what are we trying to achieve? What are we trying to achieve? Is it because of Reverend Moon? "No." Who is it because of? "Because of the world." Is it because of America? "No, it's because of the world." It's because of the whole world. Ultimately, it's because of God. To achieve this, Reverend Moon will push until he dies, until he dies. 

So, looking at it this way, even though Reverend Moon and you Moonies receive criticism in society, you must understand how much influence the teacher has on the high-ranking people. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." As the number of famous people supporting Reverend Moon increases, it will become a breeze at the bottom; it will all end with just one passing. That's why we are doing the Summit Club. We started by forming the Minority Club, and so far, we have gathered 2 million out of 5 million.

What is that for? You should be going crazy for the legal struggle. But they all know it casually and are busy working. (laughs) Even if I am in prison, I will advance. Even if I am in prison, I will advance. (applause) 

The purpose of fundraising is to save the world. 

The fundraising and evangelism you do are not for making money. The purpose is different. The money you make is for "making money in America to give to the world."
You need to understand. The purpose is to earn in America and give to the world. This way, a path opens up to transform the America that people dislike into one that they like. 

Currently, people around the world are shouting, "Yankees, go back to America." But from now on, we need to create an environment where we say, "Welcome, Americans." (Applause) That's what we need to do.

Now, this is our task, and we are collecting every penny at our doorstep to draw the entire world into our activities. Thus, we are guiding both the spiritual and physical aspects for the world. So why is that bad? Why is that bad?

What does this lead to? It creates a situation where God can come down to this earth. How much unnecessary money is wasted in this country? How do we prevent this? You know, just in terms of drugs alone, how much is it? We are selling drugs worth 40 billion dollars a year. How do we prevent this? How do we prevent this? Young people are earning money bit by bit to help the world. At this time, we need to understand that we can prevent it by throwing away smoking and drug use.

"We don’t smoke, we don’t wear makeup, we don’t do drugs, we throw it all away for the world and for the future of this country." How wonderful is that? If this movement spreads and becomes a national movement, then everyone will say, "Follow the movement!" and this activity will take place in schools as well. If this movement spreads among the youth, will American youth all become decadent or will they become constructive and healthy people? Answer me. "Constructive and healthy people."

America is the focal point of hope and trends for young people around the world. Therefore, when American youth engage in this, young people worldwide will unconditionally follow. What will happen to the world then? "They will follow." When the movement of the "Munis" rises, everyone will be saying "Muni, Muni, Muni..." Think about that time. (Laughter)

When you ask, "What does Muni do? What is Muni?" they will respond, "We don’t drink, we don’t smoke, we are neat, we don’t use cosmetics, we save money and help the world more than decadent American youth." What do you think will happen then? If this movement takes place, what will happen to the world? Is that good? "Yes."

"Our Unification Church says that even if you are engaged, you cannot live together for 5 years, you cannot shake hands, and if there is a fiancée, you must run away to save the world." Just think about that. You can’t even shake hands, right? But will you end up hugging and kissing? "No." (Laughter) Do you think America will fall apart because of that? Nowadays, America is on the verge of collapse; how will we stop it?

The Unification Church has come out to fight to take away true love. Here in America, there are many gay movements, right? There are many homosexuals, right? Those people don’t know the principles of creation. However, the members of the Unification Church, who know the principles of creation, have been absolutely taught that they must marry, so the gay movement has completely collapsed. Even though your parents went out dancing and engaged in free sex, causing everything to fall apart, you know that because you understand the theory of decline, you cannot engage in free sex, right?

Will you get married twice or absolutely only once? "Only once." That’s what Muni will be like. "Oh, I don’t like that fiancée. I cannot accept that," and there will be many who want free sex.

Look at America. What will happen if the Muni boom rises, and this becomes a trend, and it is patented worldwide? Will the world collapse or prosper? "It will prosper." Will God cry or laugh? "He will laugh." Will Satan cry or laugh? "He will cry."

Then, from God's perspective, He will say, "Hey, Satan! You are the biggest and you are moving history, but because of this Muni boom today, you must raise your hands and surrender!" And Satan will say, "Oh! No, no, no, no, no..." and then he will say "Yes." (Laughter, applause)

God has been fighting to occupy this world through economic power, money, and battles for territory, to occupy people, and to conquer ideologies. Until World War II, it was a battle for land. After that, it became a battle for people. Then it became a battle for ideologies. The struggle over whether God exists or not, whether spirit comes first or matter comes first, has been the ideological battle. What comes next? What kind of battle comes next? It is the battle for true love.

Our Unification Church is engaged in the battle for true love. Do you understand? Therefore, we are now becoming a machine gun of true love, going around and around... What does that mean? It means going to every household, even while being scolded. We endure even when we are hit in the satanic world. And we make everyone surrender with love. Not with the body, not with money, not with means, but with love, with true love! (Applause)

If God were to go to war, what kind of war would it be? If God fights, what kind of war would it be? "A war of love." That's right. We fight centered on true love. If Satan receives a punch of true love, he will be shattered.

If even a little false love attaches to true love, it cannot be. Then Satan will revive again, and again. However, true love is enough to end it.

Now, how many thousands of years of war is this? How many days, how many hours of war is this? How long will this war last? There is a period for it. If it doesn’t happen in 7 years, it will happen in 20 years, and if it doesn’t happen in 20 years, it will happen in 40 years. The teacher is also on that path.

Now, the third 7-year course has ended, right? Did it end in victory or failure? "In victory." So, the second third 7-year course has been announced. Is this second third 7-year course for the teacher or for you? "For us." How many years will it take you? "7 years." If you win in that course, who comes next? After that, three generations must go again, three generations. That is where the "sai-gi-dae" (three generations) will arise. (While writing on the board) Grandfather, father, you must become one. That is the iron rule.

Now, God is the first generation. Adam and Eve are the second generation. And the children are the third generation. The fall occurred because these three generations did not become one. What should bind this together? (While writing on the board) It must be bound by true love. What is it? "True love." Therefore, the grandfather must prioritize the father over himself, and the father must prioritize the child over himself. That is how influence is given. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."

The meaning of the eyes, nose, and mouth
The eye symbolizes God. The movement of the eyes symbolizes God and the universe. The only round thing in the middle of the body is the eye. Do you understand? That’s why the eye is above, like God. Wouldn’t it be nice if the eyes were here? (Pointing to a certain area with his hand, laughter) Then there would be no order.

Also, what does the nose symbolize? The nose symbolizes Adam and Eve. The first thing that goes among people is the nose. The nose always leads the way. The eye symbolizes heaven, and the nose is connected to the top. It also includes the mouth. The nose is like this. If you look at the nose itself, from here to the universe, it connects to heaven. Everything is connected through the nose. So, this is the center. It has become the center of everything. And from the nose, there is a gold line, right? (While writing on the board) Therefore, it governs all things.

What does the mouth symbolize? It symbolizes all things. There are 32 teeth, which is 4 times 8 (4×8=32). This (4) represents the three generations, and this (8) represents the world and a new beginning. That’s why there are thirty-two. The mouth symbolizes all things.

Also, there are two nostrils. There are two, but when they go in, they become one. And this nose has no place that it doesn’t connect. It connects through the eyes, it connects through the ears, it connects everywhere. So, if you tightly hold your nose and blow, the air... The right nostril is for men, and the left nostril is for women. What does that mean? It means it is the breathing hole of God. What does it breathe? It breathes the air of love. When you go to the spirit world, it is like that. The air is love, love. You need to understand that a man and a woman are placed to train you to feel this love and to breathe love.

When you catch a cold, one nostril gets blocked, right? That is when you are in a state of confusion. (Laughter) When both are blocked, you are dying. At that time, you must breathe through your mouth. There is breathing through everything in the world, and there is breathing through the nose. That’s right, that’s why God needs all things and needs people.

What do the teeth symbolize? They symbolize the three generations. Four times eight (4×8=32). Four means it refers to the center of all directions, and eight means it refers to a new start. This means it can digest all things.

Now, when a person laughs, what laughs first? What is the first thing that laughs? What is it? Is it the eyes, the nose, or the mouth? "The eyes." The eyes laugh first. The eyes laugh first. God must be joyful first. Then what is next? It’s the nose. When the eyes laugh, the nose becomes wider. To laugh means to lower oneself. It must be lowered. That’s how it is. That’s the result that comes out. Therefore, it is in three stages. Western people are not like that, but Eastern people, you see, the nose grows last. Some people have noses that are as small as a baby’s. You may not be like that, but there are many Eastern people like that. (Laughter) The nose is the last thing to grow. The last thing to grow is the nose. You can tell if someone is wealthy, successful, or a famous leader by looking at their nose. A good-looking nose. (Laughter)

People like you, who live in the West, need long noses because you live in the Arctic. It must be long and narrow. This is a polar bear. What kind of bear? A polar bear. (Laughter) Eastern people are in the middle. Since they live in temperate zones, they don’t need to be big. They don’t need a narrow nose, so it is broad. Because the holes are big, it is easier to breathe. Also, black people have short noses. Their nostrils are wider than those of Eastern people. (Laughter) For white people, it would be a big problem. If it gets long, heat is applied, so it shouldn’t be long. It must be short. There is no need to apply heat through the nostrils. (Laughter) The nostrils of black people are this big. They are wide. That is all the natural principle.

When we look at it this way, when there are spring, summer, autumn, and winter, to balance the hot and cold, it must be said that according to the climate, it becomes like that. If I deny the natural law, I must discriminate against black, white, and yellow races. Therefore, to welcome the natural law, I must welcome black, white, and yellow races.

Training to be able to communicate anywhere
Now, how close is the world? Since we have entered into a daily living sphere, we must unite all of this. What will we use to create one? What will we use? "True love." What must we create it with? "True love." True love! That’s it. That’s it. Then what is true love? Is it true love for white people to marry only among themselves, or is it true love for white people to marry black people? "For white people to marry black people."

Do you want to do the exercise like this, or do you want to turn around like this? "We will do it while turning." Then, if this is a white person, where should they go? This line represents the East, it represents the East. Should this go like this, or should it go back and forth like this? "It must turn." (While writing on the board)

Do you want to eat only hamburgers and cheese, or do you want to eat kimchi and rice too? "We eat everything." Also, do you want to sit only on chairs, or do you want to squat down? "We will squat down." Ah, when American family members first came to Korea and sat down, they sat like this, right? (Laughter) Stretching their legs like this... (Laughter) It seems that this is also difficult. You can’t do it like this. Can you do it like this? Everyone sits like this, but with this... (Expressing with gestures) That is the worst of the worst, the worst of the worst. (Laughter) If you go to a village and do that in front of the village chief, the villagers will come out and say, "You little brat!" 

So, I am training you. Because you sit like this, I cannot avoid training you. If you only do this training, it will work anywhere. It will work in Japan, it will work everywhere. (Applause)

Who laid this carpet like this? You can’t always sit on this carpet. (Laughter) When you go out to evangelize, you must sit on the floor and anywhere, but if you don’t lay down a carpet, how can you endure the pain in your legs? (Laughter) But those who don’t know that say, "Oh, Reverend Moon is taking our sons and daughters and making them sit like that without any chairs..." and they make a fuss. What we need to do is create unity between the East and the West.

Now, have you been influenced by Reverend Moon? "Yes." So, after being influenced, is it good or bad? "It’s good." So even if I tell you not to come, you don’t run away but try to follow. If I go to Africa, how many of you want to follow me to Africa? Raise your hands. 

So, this is all brainwashing. (Laughter, applause) We are already undergoing that training.

Today, when American missionaries go to Africa, they go there and say, "You are all underdeveloped nations, so serve our advanced country." That’s not right. We must go and serve. It’s different. American missionaries go to Africa and are doing the opposite. They are all trying to be treated well... Missionaries live in good hotels or good villas, while African people live like animals.

Munis must not do that. Munis must not do that. It must be different. To nurture and educate them, it cannot be done like that. American missionaries say, "You must serve me and love me," but that is wrong. I must love them. To nurture and educate, I must love them. Once I nurture and educate them, even if I tell them not to do something, they will do it. Do you understand? That is the natural principle.

Therefore, the higher person must love the lower person, and the lower person must love the higher person. How wonderful is that? Where there is true love, the universe moves.

Reverend Moon has created many organizations until now, but this time he has created a minority organization and finally established a fund. (Applause)
This method that my teacher taught me is the only way to create a world, and it can even encompass a communist world. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Practice it for the sake of heaven! You must practice it. Now, everyone who thinks fundraising is good, raise your hands. That's all a lie. "No, it's not." It's a lie. What’s good about it? Isn't it all better to sleep comfortably and rest? "No." 

When you go to school... Raise your hands if you like going to school. That's a lie, a lie. It's a lie. But you must go. You must go. You need to develop a hobby for studying, a habit of studying to succeed.

Evangelism is about developing a habit of loving people. So, while you are fundraising, you learn to see people. You become a researcher of people. When that happens, you won't starve to death no matter where you go.

What is evangelism? Evangelism is a habit of loving people. It is about developing a habit of loving people. Therefore, you must have a habit of loving people. Even if you don't like them, you must love them. Even if you don't like them, you must learn to love them. That is training. That is training.

Then what happens? You can connect with anywhere in the spiritual world. Look, when you go to the spiritual world, you gain clairvoyance. You will have the ability to see infinitely from wherever you sit. You can hear infinitely and laugh infinitely. Everything expands into an infinite world. There are spirits from thousands and tens of thousands of years ago all around. So, what happens if you think you dislike people? You will go to hell, hell.

If you become a person who simply loves people and you learn to like them, then wherever you go, people will like you. How happy would that be? When you carry love with you, a happy world unfolds. At that time, you will say, "Thank you, Reverend Moon." When asked, "How did this happen?" you will say, "I learned from Reverend Moon..."

Therefore, everyone must love people. Even those who curse or seem like enemies... No matter how much they seem like enemies, they are people from your country. They are not communists. You must understand that. If you try to love even communists and enemies, you must realize that you cannot help but love the people of your own country. Even if they are my enemies in America, they are not communists. Communists are a much greater enemy, and if you cannot love a small enemy, how can you love a big communist?

Now, listen to me. When I ask, "Do you want to go to heaven?" everyone says "Yes." Everyone says "Yes." When I ask, "Do you really want to go?" they say "Yes." Is that right? "Yes." When I say, "You cannot come without doing this," what will you do? Now, I will entrust you with the country of your greatest enemy. If you dislike the enemy's individual, I will tell you to go educate and come back from the enemy's country.

If you love one person here on earth, you can cross over to love the nation in the spiritual world. Why wouldn’t you do that?

The other day, when Michael World testified, I felt pity for him. The legal struggles of the Unification Church are important in the history of Reverend Moon, so all the words of the witnesses in that record will become more significant than any sermon. If the witnesses misrepresent their testimonies, how miserable will their descendants be? I felt pity for that. "As an educator of countless people, as a preacher to countless people, how great of a problem will this be as a teaching material? I may be fine, but your descendants will suffer. You will be labeled as a traitor in your own country, and it will be the same in this world and the spiritual world..." Do you understand what I mean?

If you develop a habit of loving all things and people, you become an embodiment of love. Even though you are dealing with me for this valuable training, if you cannot accept it in its true meaning, cannot digest it in its true meaning, and cannot do it with joy, you must understand that this word will judge you for thousands and tens of thousands of years.

Now, "Economic activity is a way to love all things closely, and evangelism is for loving people." How wonderful is that? Fundraising is to create my habits. If I become that way with love, I will enter that world with that habit. The ladder will be laid out. It’s the same. It’s the same example.

That’s all for climbing up. (Pointing to what was written) If you do that, you cannot help but become an embodiment of love in that world. If you do not become an ideal completer of love, you must go through such a training process and eventually return as a human being with divinity like God. So, I start from God's love and divinity, go through this process, and return from the earthly world to the heavenly world with the divinity of love. You become a child of God. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You must go that far. You don’t think about that, do you?

You must understand why you need to love your enemies. The teacher is going for that. Are you going to stop while following? "No." Then where will you stop? Where will you stop? Where is the terminus? So, the teacher is going, and the True Parents must go to God. Right? "Yes." But why do you dislike everything the teacher does? I am trying to make you habitual... Therefore, if you live like that for your whole life, that world will come automatically.

That’s why even if the teacher sleeps, he sleeps less than others, and is prepared to sacrifice everything. He is trying to go with love. The teacher has stood at the forefront of the world for 60 years... How much persecution has Reverend Moon faced? Yes, he has been beaten a lot, but he pushes through.

Think about it, where would a Korean person have the guts to come to America and do such things, fighting against the American government and communists? Where would that courage come from? Now, even in America... Once the legal struggles are over... I have come here and taught everything. I have shown everything and taught everything. Now, I am going again. I am going again.

Do you want to follow the teacher? "Yes." On the day you follow, I will make it hard for you. Still want to follow? "Yes." Why? Why is that? Your heart knows. Because there is true love, true thought, and true path.

Now, a lot of time has passed. Then, when we say "God's victory," what is "God's victory"? Is there a kingdom of God? Is there a people of God? "Yes." Are there truly people of God? "Yes." There are those who want to become the people of God, but there are none who have become them. Because there is no nation, there is no sovereignty of God. And what else? There are no citizens. What about God's land? "No." You must understand that. God's land is the earth, the earth. (Pointing while speaking) This land must become God's land. Is it supposed to be? Is it a must be? What is it? "Must be." Is our situation a must be or supposed to be? Supposed to be? "Yes." To reach the must be, what must we do? Does the must be just happen? "No." Who must create the must be? "We will create it." You all? "Yes." Is that an easy path or a difficult path? "A difficult path." How difficult is it? "Very." Very, very.

Who are the citizens? Do you want to become American citizens, French citizens, or citizens of heaven? "Citizens of heaven." For that, has humanity become the people of God? "No." What is it now? How many sovereigns are there now? Does God have sovereignty? You must understand that. America has sovereignty, Germany has sovereignty, Korea has sovereignty, they all have it, but there is no sovereignty of God.

When God created this universe, who should be the owner? God should be the owner, and the highest sovereign should be the king. But has God stood in that position until now? What this means is that God's sovereignty must be established. God's sovereignty must be established. (Pointing to what was written)

Now, the earth has become the opposite. It is the authority of Satan, the sovereignty of Satan. Everything has been divided by Satan. Everything has been divided, everything has been divided. Therefore, Satan prevents unity. You must understand that the division between black and white is done by a global Satan. The division between the communist world and the democratic world is also by Satan.

Who unifies all this? Who creates one? Who creates one? If Billy Graham, who is white, says he will unite with blacks, will that happen? "No." Then will blacks say "Yes"? "Billy Graham, you are white. You are a representative of whites." That’s what they would say. Also, when a black person says, "Hey, let’s unite. Let’s combine. Let’s unify," will whites listen? "No."

So, we need an adhesive here, an adhesive. The yellow race must come and say, "Hey! Let’s unite!" (Laughter) For that, we must be strong. We must be strong. Can we do it if we are weak? "No." There are about 650 million blacks, about 850 million whites, and about 3.2 billion yellow people. Which is the strongest? (Laughter) That’s why I am proposing the Asian integration movement now. It’s not to beat whites and eat blacks, but to save them. Therefore, both whites and blacks must support Reverend Moon. Now, does this number decrease or increase? "It increases." Does it add up or subtract? "It adds up."

And the yellow people around the world say, "Reverend Moon is the center of the yellow race, the leader of the yellow race." (Laughter) This is the truth. (Laughter) Also, Japanese people say, "Reverend Moon is not just the Reverend Moon of Korea, but the Reverend Moon of Asia." (Applause) In the future, they will say, "He is not just the Reverend Moon of the East, but the Reverend Moon of the world." (Applause) Then they will say, "He is the man of God, Reverend Moon." (Applause) Now, he may be seen as one person from Belvedere, but it is a historical issue, a historical issue.

What are we trying to do by making all humanity one? So, what do we do? We want to create the people of God. If we just make one person, the land will follow, and sovereignty will follow. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." For this, we are doing home church activities. If we make just one exemplary city in New York State, a global issue will arise. In other words, if we create a form that resembles the territory of God, the citizens of God's sovereignty, it will be global.

Then what must we overcome? God thinks that first, we must overcome in thought. Then what else must we overcome? Effort. (Pointing while speaking) You must understand that if you win without effort, you will be slandered. They will try to take it away. They will try to take it away. So, you must make efforts beyond victory.

Then what else? Love. Even if you win a war, what will you do with that victory? It is for the sake of loving that nation. So, we do home church for the sake of loving the nation.

Next, you must manage. That love must be managed well. If those who love each other do not manage well, it is worse than not loving at all. Just because you say you love does not mean you can be disorderly and chaotic. You must understand that you cannot become a complete person without complete management.

You cannot just leave your beloved wife or beloved husband alone. You must not leave them alone. You must manage them for a common purpose.

The same goes for the relationship between parents and children in the family. When parents make mistakes, children must manage, and when children make mistakes, parents must manage to fulfill the common purpose. There are such conditions.

Then, does our Unification Church have a thought that surpasses the thoughts of the satanic world? "Yes." Is it the best? "Yes." It undoubtedly has thoughts that align with God's thoughts. If so, there is no problem. When you live with this thought, God will be behind you forever. God who lives forever and I who live for a year are the same. Do you have such thoughts? "Yes." You must practice this thought and work hard. You must work hard. Because we have this thought, we must become the hardest working people in history. We must become the hardest working people.

That’s why there is no one in world history who can evaluate me. Even ancestors bow their heads. People of this era will bow their heads, and people of the future will bow their heads. You must be sure of that. It cannot be achieved just by effort. Effort alone does not guarantee success. You must go out with love. But love alone is not enough. You must manage well. God told Adam and Eve, "Do not eat," as a form of management. You must understand that love must not stray from order.

From this perspective, has God ever stood in the position of a victor with such content? But as I mentioned earlier, He has lost sovereignty, citizens, and territory. Ideologically, everything is opposite, opposite.

Therefore, we must understand that "we are the independence army of the heavenly kingdom." How serious is this? How serious is this? All historical saints and sages, all historical great figures, and all those who have died historically wished for this, but they all died without knowing this. You must understand that I am a Unification Church member who advances to the front line with all their hopes and all of God's hopes.

Now, Reverend Moon thinks of himself as the KGB of the heavenly kingdom, like the CIA, wherever he goes. Therefore, everywhere he goes, there is investigation, and everywhere he goes, enemies follow him. However, he is not caught in conditions. That’s how he lives. "While I am alive, I will go beyond family, beyond tribe, beyond nation, beyond the world, and beyond this earth." That is the path of the teacher.

So, in America, we are making the Unification Church recognized and localizing it. (Applause) From now on, we will start raising the flag, and the flag of the Unification Church will wave. (Applause) More than any country in the world, more than any nation, for the glory of God...

So, as the independence army of the heavenly kingdom, we cannot settle in our own families. We cannot settle in our own tribes or our own countries. We must operate on the stage of the five oceans and six continents. Therefore, we must create factories. We must have the largest machinery factory in the world and lead the forefront of science. Next, we must dominate the oceans. Therefore, we must engage in the North Korean business.
Alright, the ocean is two-thirds of the land, two-thirds. (Speaking while writing on the board) We must seize all the resources in this ocean, that’s what I believe. We must build the Kingdom of God. For the Kingdom of God, for God's people, for God's land. How wonderful is that.

The only place that can save the world is the Unification Church. Therefore, when something happens in Africa, Reverend Moon immediately takes an interest. In the case of South America, he is immediately concerned about the South American issue… The problem in America and the world is communism. Among the world issues, the most difficult one is the problem of communism. What comes next? The decline of Christianity, the decline of religion. We must solve this. The next issue is the problem of youth promiscuity. This promiscuity issue is the biggest problem for God.

Therefore, we must be ahead of the communists. You must not even touch the young people who are all into free sex, nor should you kiss them. Because they are so accustomed to free sex, if you tell them not to kiss, oh… it’s a big deal. Are you all doing it or not? 
“No, we’re not.” (Laughter) Not doing it is the best. You must realize how great, how magnificent, and how tremendous a revolution is happening here. You are not aware of that.

In the past, African people played with diamonds, the kind found in the British court. They were all just toys for children. Who would call that a diamond? Your situation is the same. You are the same. God and the teacher know how precious that essence is. If you don’t realize that, you will be robbed. You will be robbed. Can we do that in the Unification Church? “Yes.” You treated yourselves like that in the past. Just thinking about that kind of play makes me… oh dear… You listen to the teacher’s words and think about the principles, right? It’s medicine, medicine.

Look, America is already failing. It is dying. You must realize that. What political power can heal it? “No.” What power can heal it? It must be religion. What kind of religion? Established churches? That won’t work with established churches, nor with Christianity, nor with any religion up to now. However, the Unification Church can do it. The Unification Church can. With this pride, you must advance and advance in any field.

If I had not appeared in this American court, America would have lost everything. How much opposition would you have faced if you said, “Hey, your leader ran away from America after committing a crime?” Everyone would say, “Didn’t he commit a crime and run away?” How would you explain that? “He committed a crime. That’s why he ran away?” How would you respond? It’s miserable, miserable.

So how much impact has the teacher’s bold and courageous decision had on the world? You are just people of justice. You are righteous people. You are right people. You must know that you are people proven by God. Those who oppose will be kicked out all at once…

So, since this cannot be done as a whole, you must teach centered on home church and be an example. You must show that you are an example. That is your war. Do you understand? Where is that? “Home church.” By doing home church, as I mentioned earlier, God’s sovereignty arises, a nation arises, and land arises.

You must become a person with results centered on love. Then what do you have? You must govern with ideology, effort, and love. Do you understand what I mean? What is the weapon? “Ideology, effort, true love, and governance.” Four conditions.

So, you must establish a theory. You must pass the theory while studying. You must have the ability to teach. What comes next? It’s effort. You must become a person with results. Then you must center on love. What comes next is that you must become a person whom God can manage. That is important.

You must all go home and clean up thoroughly, and do home church… preparing to register in the new nation, to register in the new nation. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” Because of that, a nation is established, a people is established in this world, and a land is established… Only when there is one people and one land can the sovereignty of heaven arise. This is how God’s victory…

So, for God’s victory first, and for humanity’s victory, we are in the process of advancing. In this way, God will win and I will meet at the banquet He provides. (Applause) 

At that banquet, you will want to play but you won’t be able to, and you won’t be able to dance to disco or twist dance. You will eat what you couldn’t eat. At that time, whether it’s wine or anything else, you can drink it all through a pipe. (Laughter) Then you must put makeup all over your body. (Laughter)

And this dress, what kind of dress? What do they call it, banquet dress? You must change that dress once every minute, once every minute. (Laughter) Then you will say, “Oh, I don’t want to,” and if I say, “Change it every hour,” you will say, “Oh, I don’t want to,” and if I say, “Change it every three hours,” you will still say, “Oh, I don’t want to.” If I say, “Change it once every twelve hours,” you will probably say it’s good. (Laughter)

At that time, I will wear diamond rings on all ten fingers… If you count all of them, three times four equals twelve, so I will wear twenty-four. (Laughter) Then I will put a necklace around my neck and anklets on my legs. That is possible.

If that is not possible, in the spirit world, it will definitely be possible. If I think like that and say, “Hey, ring, come onto my finger!” (Laughter) that will happen for me, and for you too, as you think. If I say to buy ten jumbo 747 airplanes, all ten will be bought. That’s how it is in the spirit world. You can buy them all at once. You can hold a banquet for hundreds of thousands or millions at once. Even if you are not prepared, everything will be ready at once. (Cheers. Applause)

You must become a son who can make God victorious. For those who are living and preparing for the rhythm of that world, the world is too boring, too frustrating. The teacher has no worries even if he sleeps on the grass. Even if he lives on the beach, he has no worries. He lives well without a house. He doesn’t need any Belvedere training center, East Garden, none of that. How wonderful is that? These people are so frustrated, how pathetic they are.

We are the ones who will make God victorious. I will make God victorious with my own hands. Even when we walk, we must think, “The whole world, the earth is swaying, and the universe is swaying.” How good would it feel if just one little gesture could sway the universe? (Demonstrating with gestures) When I raise my hand like this, all the spirits in the spirit world think, “Wow, the teacher is doing it. Let’s try it.” How do you think they would feel? Even if I don’t eat, even if I can’t sleep and live with my eyes wide open, that’s how I live. If God exists, He would like such a person. How about it? “That’s right.”

From today, you must open your hearts wide as it is now May, the season when all the greenery flourishes and flowers bloom. So if I were to become a bullet, I must hit once. If I become a bullet, I must hit. To do that, I must be solid. I must hit hard. Will I hit with fluff? (Laughter)

Now, what will you do from now on? Will you become a straight bullet? Or a zigzag bullet? What will you be? “A straight bullet.” Then when I go to the state, I will penetrate the governor’s forehead. I have fought with presidents after coming to America. Right? Nixon and Ford, I didn’t deal with them. Then I fought with Carter and Reagan. I thought about the affairs of the country and the world. Since I was young, since I was young. I have had many thoughts about how to deal with world issues up to now.

While petty people say, “Oh, I don’t know what to do,” Reverend Moon seems to be a crazy person, but later, 10 or 20 years from now, they will understand. (Applause)

Are you the people who will make God victorious? Will you become God’s servants or God’s sons? If there is someone who brings victory before God, will that person become God’s servant or God’s son? “A son.” If God has desires and thoughts, would He want a servant to bring that victory or a son to bring that victory? “A son.” You must understand that making God victorious as a son of God is the greatest glory of God. (Applause)

What are you? What are you? “We are sons.” Then what is the difference between Reverend Moon and you? What is the difference? Speaking of trees, it’s like roots, trunks, and branches. Even if there are no trunks and roots, if you plant a branch, will roots and trunks grow there? “Yes.” Are you a graft that can grow like that, or a graft that cannot grow? “I can be a graft.” Wherever you go, even in dry land, you must patiently take root and grow, and wherever you go, you must find water, absorb it, take root, and grow. Can you do that? “Yes.”

Reverend Moon can do that in Africa, in America, in Moscow, and anywhere else. (Applause) So it is certain that you are branches now. If it is certain that you are branches, then plant, plant, plant. You must plant. Who cannot do that, raise your hand.

Where will you plant? You must plant in home church. You must take root, let the trunk grow, and spread the branches to cover the entire area. Then it will spread, and it will keep spreading. Then leaves will grow on the branches, flowers will bloom, and seeds will fly away and spread everywhere. How wonderful would that be? Flowers bloom and even produce seeds. Those seeds will go wherever the wind blows, just like balloons flying away. Just think about it. When did you ever think like that? Did you think of home church like that? “Yes.” (Laughter) If you thought like that, one branch will grow, bloom flowers, and become flying seeds that will spread throughout the world. You must have that thought.

Let’s do home church like David standing before Goliath. Would God like it if you think, “Oh, home church, I don’t like this. Oh, it’s spring, I want to go out and play. What is this?” Do you think He would like that? You must think about it. You must go in and get embedded. You must keep going in and getting embedded. That’s how it must be.

You must know that you are in a position where you can cross over to the Kingdom of God, and in terms of ideology, effort, love, and management, you must replace the owner more than anyone else. If you do that, you are laying the foundation for God to come here and visit. How wonderful is that?

If I win, God will come and watch from the seat where I sat in the 5th courtroom of the Southern District Prosecutor's Office. I don’t think negatively about that. Then He will ask, “Hey, don’t you want to try judging from the judge’s seat?” (Applause) That’s how I think. So I am a happy man.

Do you want to live like the teacher? “Yes.” Don’t you want to be a son who liberates God? “I want to.” Then you must be a filial son before your parents at home, a loyal subject in your country, a saint in the world, and a prince or princess in the heavenly kingdom. In other words, you must be a filial son at home and a patriot in your country. Then you must become a saint representing the world. After that, you must become God’s prince or princess concerning the entire heavenly kingdom. You must go through that process.

What will you become? “A prince of the heavenly kingdom.” You? “Yes.” You are better than the teacher. You are better than the teacher. “No, I’m not.” This ugly Reverend Moon is claiming to be a son of God, so why can’t you? It’s true. You are the first-class citizens of America, which leads the so-called free world.

Isn’t Korea a small country? Many people don’t know about Korea. How small is Korea compared to America? Therefore, you are better than me. “No, I’m not.” (Laughter) It’s true. “No, I’m not.” Know that and live like that from today. Do you understand? “Yes.” I must bring God’s victory.

So, will you say, “In war, I will go first. I will go first, like David before Goliath”? “Yes.” From now on, even if you say not to go to home church, you will all go, right? “Yes.” Is that certain? “Yes.” I believe in you. (Applause)

The current position centered on the will. I don’t know if there are people who have prayed a lot and put in a lot of sincerity over the past few days, but we must think that this is always part of the providential process.

Are we with God centered on the will? When thinking like that, what is always the problem? It is not the external environment that is the problem, but the will is the problem, and we must always think about whether we are with God centered on the will or not. The question is whether God is with us or has left us. From that perspective, you must understand that as long as the relationship with God does not change, the environment facing the will of that providence cannot change.

The problem is whether God is with the Unification Church. He is with us. Is God with America? He is not. The conclusion is drawn.

Can America, which stands in opposition to the Unification Church, be with God? What happens? When the government becomes the center, the government and the people are like Cain and Abel, like Cain and Abel. The relationship between the government and the people is like that. If the government stands in the position of Abel, the people must follow, and if the government stands in the position of Cain, the people must not follow. This logic holds.

Then where should we go? If we follow the will, there is a way to live. You must understand this. Therefore, history always fights centered on the sovereign. The nation fights between the sovereign and the people. The sovereign stands for justice.
When a nation cannot take action, its people are bound to oppose it. If the government does not correct its mistakes, and if the sovereign does not take corrective action and simply lets things go, then the people of that nation must take action themselves. If the citizens cannot take action, then they must seek correction through a third country. This is the history we have gone through.

You must keep in mind that this principle applies in any era. For example, in a family where the parents are the center and the children are the counterparts, when the parents make mistakes, the children should correct them. If the parents correct their mistakes based on the children's words, a new path can be established. However, if this does not happen, and if there is conflict, a third force can completely destroy the family. If the parents and children keep fighting, they will be expelled from the community.

There is always a need for internal and external adjustments centered on the original standard. 

Now, when you look at your own heart and body, if the heart makes a mistake, the body must control it. Regardless of whether it is through internal or external means, when you manage to return to your original position, it can remain, but if not, it will be removed. You must understand this principle. 

From this perspective, religion is necessary. Through religion, you can regain your center with faith in God. You also need friends and teachers. You need good friends and good teachers. 

You must understand that to make internal and external corrections and to protect the surrounding environment, you need religion, leaders, teachers, and friends. Internally, it is religion, and externally... Therefore, internal and external adjustments are necessary. Otherwise, the logic that you will be destroyed is formed.

Looking at our Unification Church, God and Reverend Moon have not been separated. They are one. No matter how much America opposes, no matter how much the world opposes, God is not ashamed, and Reverend Moon is not ashamed. That is the problem. Whether looking at the spirit world or the physical world, I am not ashamed. No matter how much the American courts try to pressure me, I do not feel ashamed. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Every path to our Unification Church does not change. No matter what, it does not change. 

So, have you and I been separated? "We have not been separated." You must be stronger internally than the teacher. You must be stronger internally. We are now at a time when we can extend externally, even if I am not there. You must be able to connect externally even if I am still. Therefore, you must connect with the American people. Then the government will side with Cain. Cain will eventually retreat. Then we can become one. We can return.

There must be content that can unify the chaotic current world. 

That is why, through this opportunity... You do not need to feel sympathy for the teacher. There is no need to feel sympathy for the will. The question is how to unify the people of your country during this period. This is the responsibility of the members of the Unification Church in America. If this does not happen, a third force will invade America.

Right now, the Anglo-Saxon nations are the problem. There is a possibility that the United States, the United Kingdom, and Canada can unite around this. Then what will happen? The Spanish-speaking community is a cultural sphere centered on a lower cultural background. The same goes for the Islamic community. 

Indeed, communism is currently moving behind the scenes. Meanwhile, the Unification Church is carrying out a movement to save the world. Although the Unification Church is small in number, it is a global organization dealing with global issues.

Now, looking at America, the United Kingdom, and Argentina... (writing on the board) If we look at Cain and Abel, it means that Cain and Abel are fighting in Western society. So, which is Abel and which is Cain between the UK and the Spanish-speaking community? Currently, where is Cain and where is Abel? Look. If we look at the Unification Church as the center of God's will, which country has raised issues against the will through legal battles? "The UK."

Next, the issue is not that the UK occupied the Falklands, but who will first occupy the world and who will first unite the world. Will the people of the world support Argentina or the UK? "Argentina." Why Argentina? The UK has dominated Asia and Africa until now. They have dominated everything and have not fulfilled their responsibilities. Then who has been exploited? Has the colonized country been exploited, or has the colonizing country been exploited? Who has suffered? "The colonized country." So the world is now...

The Soviet Union is watching this, and the Unification Church is also watching. They are observing how things will unfold. Within the Anglo-American sphere, there is opposition everywhere. (writing on the board) So where will God go? Will He go to the Soviet Union or Argentina? When you think about that...

And these days, the world is so complicated. Billy Graham is causing a stir in the Soviet Union. He says that religious freedom in the Soviet Union is better than in America. (laughter) During this time, there are attempts to assassinate the Pope, and now they are trying to attack Reagan. So, they say that Christian Billy Graham is bad, Reagan is bad, the Pope is bad, and Reverend Moon is bad. The problem lies here. 

In this situation, when the Pope looks to heaven, when Reagan looks to heaven, and when Billy Graham looks to heaven, are they not ashamed, and are they not ashamed before all humanity? Who can be that person? In this confusion, everything is splitting apart, and Christianity is also splitting apart. The problem lies there. There must be content that can unify in the midst of confusion; the more chaotic it is, the more there must be content that can unify completely. That is what God desires. (applause)

This is the Unification Church movement, which aims to create one world, something that has never happened on this earth before. 

Thus, through Reverend Moon, an environment has been created where everything can be denied and a movement can be initiated that says, "Follow me!" When we become one, everything will be resolved. God will do everything if we become one. (applause) In this situation, God and Reverend Moon and the Unification Church are completely... The New York Times and the Washington Post are watching how the Unification Church members relate to Reverend Moon. They say there will be a split, but what is that split? It will become completely one internally. (applause) Therefore, God... The environment is such... If you cultivate the expectation of unification, God will exist at that center. Do you understand?

Looking at this, has the Pope and the Catholic Church become one? No, they have not. The Pope has been attacked. And even though Reagan and America are in turmoil, have America and Reagan become one? "No." Have Billy Graham and his followers become one? "No." The communists opposing the Unification Church, the established churches, the Jews, and all sorts of religions have not become one with the American government. Only the Unification Church and Reverend Moon have become one. (applause)

Isn't that right? Is that what the teacher says, or do you think that yourself? That is the problem. Is the teacher's word meant to comfort you, or is it the truth? "It is the truth." You are American citizens, right? When you think of yourselves as American citizens, do you feel sorry for the teacher? "Yes." Should I feel ashamed of you, or should you feel ashamed of me? "We should feel ashamed." From that perspective, we are different. We are different from American citizens. We are a new people who can save America.

Now, if I were to leave America, I would just remain in America. If I were to go to the African desert to pioneer, would you pack your bags and follow me there to pioneer? "I will go to pioneer." What will you do? Will you pack your bags and follow me, or will you stay here? "I will follow the teacher." "Please do not take me; let me save America. Even if I face dozens of times more opposition than Reverend Moon, I will save America." Would you say that? "Yes." I will face hundreds of times more opposition and end up in prison, right? "That is fine." (applause) 

Then what will Reverend Moon do? Will he try to take you with him, or will you say to stay here and save America? "Stay here and save America." Why? Because it is my enemy, right? I am at odds with it? (laughter)

Right now is a time when good and evil intersect. You must understand that it is a time when good and evil cannot be distinguished. It is a dark world. However, we can criticize this from a providential perspective with the historical formula. Therefore, you must realize how blessed this place is.

Now, if I were in Argentina or South America, there would be a way to connect with the American members and the South American members. Right now, there is no way in America itself. If I go to Africa, I can connect the European members with Africa. Without that, there is no way to connect Europe and Africa. We can connect with the African members, but the European governments cannot connect with Africa. Now, if I were in Asia, I could connect the entire Unification Church worldwide centered on Asia. There is no way to connect in Korea itself, but Reverend Moon has a way to connect. Do you understand what I mean?

In light of such an environment, the movement of organizations like ours on a global scale is unprecedented on this earth. You must understand that this is the first time something like this is happening, transcending all races. We must establish a parent-child relationship centered on one family, but when have they ever come together all at once?

They have never been able to come together centered on their own countries. They have never been able to come together even once. However, during the period of legal battles, people from all over the world are uniting with the Unification Church.

Now is a historical turning point where God and humanity can stand together. 

I did not trust the jury. I originally disliked the jury. I told them to quit. The government forced... They declared the teacher guilty, and the members of the Unification Church worldwide became one. Looking at it this way, the teacher is historically binding. It is a time when a foundation for binding is being established and we are moving forward.

There may be white people shedding tears, black people shedding tears, and yellow people shedding tears. During this period, there may have been people of all colors shedding tears. That is an amazing thing. They are not shedding tears for their own country or for Reverend Moon. They are shedding tears for Reverend Moon, God, and the world. You must think about that.

Look. Because of Reverend Moon, humanity is shedding tears for God, and because of Reverend Moon, Unification Church members were able to shed tears for humanity. This is an amazing historical connection. Everything has been connected providentially.

Now, look. This was the chance for God, the teacher, and all of humanity to stand together. That is why it is a historical turning point. It is a time to occupy a spiritual high ground. You must understand that.

Now, the restoration providence is about restoring all things, restoring humanity, and restoring parents. What has America done centered on Reverend Moon until now? They have denied everything. They have prevented this and that and have tried to eliminate everything. They have tried to deny everything, with America and communism collaborating to present problems centered on our restoration of all things... (the recording briefly cuts out) They have denied everything about the church and economic issues. That Congressman Fraser is a communist. (applause) 

Then, uniting people is not about religion. They made a fuss about political organizations and economic organizations. This is centered around New York...

What does that mean? It means they are trying to expel Reverend Moon, calling him the True Parents. What does it mean that Reverend Moon is the True Parents? This trial was aimed at expelling Reverend Moon from this country. They want to ensure he can never come back to America.

From this perspective, the standard for restoring all things has been based on the standard for restoring people, so as long as this exists, I can always come here and give instructions, and everything will be resolved, even if they chase me away. Even from the top of the Alps, if I say, "Hey, do this!" it will happen. We have entered an era that transcends regional limitations. Now, without a doubt, the government will say, "Do not move!" This will be a violation of religious freedom, and they will have to back down... (laughter, applause)

Do not cry for me; cry out for justice for America. 

Can the Supreme Court decide all these things after expelling the teacher? "Are you saying after expelling him?" Hmm. If I have committed a crime and they say I am guilty and expel me, that cannot be allowed. They have already done everything beforehand. How can a problem that has been dragged on for four or five years be decided in just a fortnight? Think about it. Whether God exists or not... I no longer have any worries.

Even if I am not in America, if you all demonstrate across America for Reverend Moon to be allowed back in, what will America do? Will they prevent him from coming back, when there is religious freedom? "They will let him in." Even if they expel him a hundred times, he can come back a hundred and twelve times. You must understand that. There is religious freedom. (applause) Right now, they are mocking Reverend Moon as an economic leader in America. (laughter) From a principled standpoint, it does not matter what sentence is passed in court. Do you understand what I mean?

Now, sitting in my prison, if I say, "Members of the world Unification Church! Go to the American embassies in 120 countries and demonstrate for 40 days," will you do it or not? (laughter) "We will." Will you do it or not? "We will." They will not be able to manage it. Then the world will say, "Oh! America is bad. Release Reverend Moon." Will they say that or not? Think about it. The American government will have no way to explain that. Do you understand? "Yes."

So, I am fine with whatever happens. They can throw me in prison. Just try it. I do not use violence. Do you want to try it? (laughter) If that happens, what will the world be like? We will not evangelize, and more than half of the world will be on Reverend Moon's side, without evangelizing. 

So, it is like taking a trip to prison. These days, I can only sleep for three or four hours, but if I go there for a little break, how nice would that be? That is how I think. (laughter, applause) Reverend Moon has been engaged in legal battles throughout his life. He is an expert in prison. So do not worry about me. Just as Jesus said while carrying the cross, "Do not weep for me, but weep for your children of Israel," you should not worry about me but worry about America. It is the same. Do not cooperate for me, but cooperate for America.

Think about it. Did Reverend Moon conspire to evade taxes on $120,000 in interest income? Do not even say that. The world people...
Reverend Moon is called a billionaire. (Laughter) Just the money spent at last year's scientist competition to save the world exceeds 5 million dollars. This year, he will spend that much again. 

Look. Do you create the Washington Times while fighting in court like this? What for? Can you do that with just 10 or 20 million dollars? The money that needs to be spent in the tens of millions, for whom? It is an investment for the world and the United States. It is an investment to stop communism, to save America. Then, over 50 million dollars went into the movie "Oh! Incheon." 

Who was that for? Was it for Reverend Moon? It was for the free world and America. But to avoid paying a few tens of thousands of dollars in taxes, you conspire and evade taxes? That’s unacceptable. 

In the future, where will you hide this historic shame? It’s a big problem. You won’t even be able to hold your head up. All of it is recorded. Centered around Reverend Moon's court battles, America will always be criticized, and Michael Ward will always be on the podium, in the pulpit... How will that be? You will go abroad in the future, and it will be embarrassing for Americans who are members of the Unification Church. What will you do about this shame? How will you avoid this shame for the descendants of this country? Do you understand what I’m saying? “Yes.” 

So, what kind of determination do you need to make? Therefore, the members in America must unite and devote all their sincerity to defend this national shame and future historical shame by July 14. Today is May 23, right? How many days are left until July 14? Including today, there are 53 days left. 

So what should you do? You must take responsibility for the future and create a chance to turn the American people in the right direction by crying out for justice nationwide to defend America’s shame. You must advance and advance so that your mouths do not move, your eyes do not tire, and your bodies do not move. (Applause) 

Let’s mobilize completely and triple our efforts by July 14. 

So what should we do during this period? We must secure our foundation. I told you to evangelize, did you evangelize? “No, we didn’t.” Did you do what the teacher asked? Did you do what God asked? Did you do home church? “No.” If you don’t do what you are told, who will be indemnified? Can God receive it? Who must take responsibility? The teacher must take responsibility. If you cannot do it, then the teacher must take responsibility for all of it. God thinks that it is faster for the teacher to suffer alone and indemnify than for all of you to suffer. 

That’s why Abel goes to the place of sacrifice, as you learned, right? A sacrifice does not complain. So the teacher does not complain. While others cry and wail, I do not shed tears. I do not shed tears at times like this. In this position, I have the responsibility to comfort God. Likewise, what must you do? You must indemnify on behalf of the nation for what the teacher could not indemnify. Will you walk this path? “Yes.” From this time on, we are all mobilized. We are all mobilized. Those within America must be fully mobilized. The period until July 14 is the time to do what you have not been able to do until now, what the teacher has asked you to do. We need people. We need Unification Church members. During this period, let’s triple our efforts! 

Now, I am instructing this again. Let’s set this up starting from June. You couldn’t evangelize one person each month for three months in April, May, and June. Do you understand what I’m saying? “Yes.” I work at a newspaper, so I... That’s all an excuse. While working at a newspaper, you can write letters, write articles, contact the newsroom, and make phone calls. It’s about total mobilization. 

God’s wish is to fulfill the three-stage love through the son-in-law expectation. 

Now, if you only have a home church environment, you can find and establish not just three but over thirty people. (While writing on the board) It’s a great chance. If you cry out, it’s a good time to influence others. Let’s see a show of hands for those who have a home church. How about those who don’t have one? Why don’t you have one? “It’s MFT (Mobile Fundraising Team).” MFT should evangelize in its own way. You should write letters. Write letters to your relatives, your kin. To your friends that you know... 

From this time on, we are mobilizing completely. I am instructing total mobilization. Do you want that or not? “We want it.” Raise your hands if you want it. Thank you. Then you understand what our position is. Time has passed a lot. 

Now, what does “wish” mean? You must not not know that. What is the wish? It’s simple, very simple. It is the completion of the ideal of creation, the completion of the ideal of creation. It’s simple. What is it? “Completion of the ideal of creation.” What is the completion of the ideal of creation? “It’s to achieve the three blessings.” Achieving the three blessings is the completion of the son-in-law expectation. It’s simple, very simple. What is the completion of the ideal of creation? “Completion of the son-in-law expectation.” What is the son-in-law expectation? God, parents, children. Here, the father and mother are separated. Why do they have to be separated? If they are not separated, there is only a straight line. So, inevitably, it was divided into plus and minus. (While writing on the board) 

So, the man is plus, and the woman is minus. This is the total plus, and this is the total minus. Therefore, God’s wish is this rather than that. This is vertical, so vertical. God’s wish is that through this, I am a son and daughter, I am a son and daughter. Why? Because this is vertical. If this is vertical, it cannot be connected. Without receiving cooperation from this foundation, it cannot go absolutely. So this came in instead of this and became minus, became minus. 

Then what is the power that supports this? What is the power that can support the vertical line? It is the power of love. It must be a pushing force; it cannot be any other force. 

If the man and woman plus are made like this, this big plus becomes one with the minus—this is minus—against the minus. This becomes one because it is close. By what? It is done by love. 

Therefore, man and woman liking each other, man and woman loving each other is to connect us to the vertical God. Do you understand? Today, who do the young ladies and young men in America meet for? For themselves, right? For themselves. Men for themselves, women for themselves. But you must understand that. They meet because of love, love. What kind of love? Because of the love recognized by God. 

So what do you do? It is to form the core of all directions. You must become the center that can connect all directions. Therefore, the perfect center line, the horizontal line must be able to touch the vertical line; that meeting place is love. From here, it divides like this. (While drawing a picture) 

So from here, the son comes out, and the daughter comes out. The son and daughter cannot go freely. The son and daughter cannot go freely like this. They always play according to this vertical line. Whether they act or speak... Then who maintains this vertical line? The parents carry them. So until they become adults, until they become this kind of plus, until they become this kind of minus... 

In American families, just because you turn eighteen, you don’t just leave. You must go out with a partner, a counterpart. Why must that be? If you do not have a connection with the love of the mother and father, this vertical line will not connect. Parents must love their sons and daughters instead of God here. Just as God came here, parents must come to this place centered on the love of their children. In doing so, God also follows. 

Here, the three-stage love is formed, the three-stage love. Do you understand that? Why? Because for God, Adam and Eve and the grandchildren are the problem. From here, horizontally... So, if you put that anywhere horizontally, it will always arise, crossing borders, anywhere on the globe. 

Why is the completion of the son-in-law expectation the completion of the ideal of creation? 

So, because God is plus, through where does God move? This way, it is established. It moves this way. When it turns, this is the minus realm. This is the minus realm. This is plus. Now, you have the son-in-law expectation, but how does God move? Does He move this way or that way? By what is it determined? How does He move? Where does He start to turn? When you look at the circle, the right side is plus, and this side is minus. 

That’s why what is here? Plus plus combines until the minus is born. When young men have no partner, they combine. Then how does plus plus work when there is no counterpart? When there is no counterpart, plus can also turn together. What does that mean? Before marriage, young men combine, but when a partner appears, they separate. (Laughter) 

When plus and minus have counterpart realms, they repel, but when there is no counterpart realm, minus can combine with minus, and plus can combine with plus. You must understand that. Otherwise... Look at the logic of lightning. How does a large electric charge arise in lightning? Small pluses must combine to become a large plus, so how... You cannot find that logic. 

So when it becomes a large plus, if one falls off, it cannot be one. At that time, plus combines with plus. That’s why where does it turn? The universe turns like this, but you must not go to the left. It turns to the right. Therefore, we must draw it that way. The laws of motion in this universe start like this. The very beginning starts from plus to minus. 

Then who makes the motion first? Who pioneers the motive first? The minus does it first. The ground must be muddy for lightning to occur. There must be pressure for high pressure to arise. High pressure does not arise after low pressure. Electricity also acts first from the minus. 

Also, among women and men, who is faster in the touch of love? Women are faster. Their hearts swell... Men are the same, the same. They are not. (Laughter) The same goes for the buttocks. Isn’t that so for men? So men don’t know. Whether in puberty or now, it’s the same. There is no change. (Laughter) Women keep changing. That’s why it’s well made. When women smile, everyone falls for them. (Laughter) They can enter anywhere. When women smile, everything is good, right? They can all enter. Women must smile brightly. The act of smiling itself releases everything. So what, they paint red and keep changing colors... They like colors, right? 

It is easy to come down from above, but it is hard to go up from below, so first... It is hard to go up. Do you understand? It is easy to come down. It is not easy to go up. Women take the motion basement first. The motion basement is taken first by women. Why is that? Because it is hard to go up from below. The top is easy to come down. Why do I say that? When a man becomes first like this... Women are already like that. All those stimulating things... That’s how it should be fair. Women all like to be held, they don’t like to hold. Isn’t that so? That’s all harmonious. 

Why does God value grandchildren more than Adam and Eve? (Pointing at the drawing) If only this is done, God feels love, but Adam and Eve cannot feel love. They cannot feel love for their children. Also, if God only looks here, Adam and Eve cannot feel the love for their children from the same position as Adam and Eve. The three-stage love starts from here. No doubt, right? This is a seed. This is a seed, seed. What happens to the seed? Is it S E E D? “Yes.” It’s a seed. 

Why is the completion of the son-in-law expectation the completion of the ideal of creation? The ideal of creation is centered on love, and the love that goes to Adam, the love that goes to Eve, and the love that goes to the children are all connected here. The ideal of creation connects all love here. That is the ideal of creation. Therefore, the completion of the wish is the completion of the ideal of creation, and the completion of the ideal of creation is the completion of the son-in-law expectation, and you must understand that this is correct. (Applause) 

Then should you value God, or should you value your spouse, or should you value your children? Should you value God, or should you value your partner, or should you value your children? That’s the question. “Children.” Children? The most important thing is the parents. 

To train for harmonious love, three generations must live in one household. 

Then what is your partner? It is only half, only half. If this is divided, what will you do? Will you abandon your parents, will you abandon your partner, will you abandon your children? When it comes to abandoning parents or abandoning a partner, you should choose parents and abandon the partner. Also, when centered on the children, when it comes to abandoning the children or abandoning the partner, you should abandon the partner. Why? Because the vertical is important. That’s why trying to become one with the parents becomes the center, and trying to become one with the children becomes the center. Do you understand? When the two are separated, I must become the center. I must become the center. 

That’s why when you get married and then divorce, the woman leaves the house. She leaves that house. Therefore, if a woman loves her parents and children with love, she cannot be chased away. You must understand that. If she says she will love her children and parents more than her husband, she absolutely cannot be chased away from that house. American women, do you understand? (Laughter) 

These days, American women are chasing away their parents and children, saying let’s live well together, what is this? Also, some women do not want to have children. This teacher’s words are not Eastern philosophy; they are principles. They are the principles of creation. If you do not pass here, you will be expelled. You will be expelled. The universe expels you. Therefore, wherever you go, you will be blocked. You will be blocked anywhere. 

On the path of learning, the teacher stands in the position of the parents. In school, the teacher stands in the position of the parents, and in the company, the boss stands in the position of the parents. These are the principles, but Satan hates this the most. That’s why communism talks about class struggle, saying there are parent classes, school classes, and student classes. 

Therefore, the scheme to separate parents, couples, and children is a global ideology, and it is undoubtedly a satanic ideology. In that sense, the Unification Church, the teacher, says we must expel communism. 

We must expel communism. From this perspective, the current family system and social trends in America are wrong. They don’t want that. We do not need such things.
Let's ask a question here. When asking grandparents, what would they prefer? Would they prefer to live together as a whole family, or would they prefer to be separated? Grandparents, parents, and children—what would they want, to live together or to be separated? "Living together." 

So, we should live centered around these three generations, vertically and horizontally. Three generations should be connected and live in one household. Both vertically and horizontally, the three generations need to be connected. What does this mean? The grandfather, father, and grandson... When sons and daughters look for partners in the future, they should find partners in a well-rounded family that includes grandparents, parents, and children. Even when bringing home a wife, it should be from such a family. The husband should also be from such a family. This way, they can understand both the low and the high, and be mature husbands and wives who can measure everything in all directions. This is about training each other in a rounded heart. This is the training of love, the training of heart. Love realm, heart realm... So, all directions...

Why is this necessary? It is needed in the spiritual world. Just as we serve our grandparents, parents, and children... This way, centered on me, we connect with grandparents, parents, children, and all beings in the world. That is why the conclusion arises that the grandfather can be believed in place of God at home.

True parents are those who connect God's love. 

Then, what are true parents? They are the ancestors of humanity, the ancestors of humanity. Therefore, true parents should be honored like one's own parents. Next, they should love their sons and daughters in place of themselves. 

For that reason, to establish such a world, we must have a mindset that prioritizes the whole over the individual. We must have a mindset that serves the whole above oneself. That is why the central philosophy of the Unification Church is to "live for the sake of others." This conclusion is an automatic one. So what happens? I become the center. I become the center. Without the process of serving centered on love, there is no peace in the family; if there is no peace in the family, there is no peace for the nation, no peace for the world. Therefore, we are told to live centered on the love realm of the entire universe. This is the absolute factor for the peace of humanity. Do you understand what I mean?

Now, the teacher is the same; the teacher also prioritizes the center of the world, which is America, over Korea. That is the meaning. Furthermore, it is about thinking of the universe beyond America. Do you understand clearly? "Yes." Now, you are all thinking about getting married, right? (Laughter) Isn't that so? You are thinking that way, aren't you? Honestly speaking, aren't you thinking that way? "Yes." (Laughter) Then, based on this principle, would you love your parents more than your husband? More than your wife? "Yes." So where are your parents? "Here." Why is Reverend Moon your parent? Did he give birth to you? "Spiritually..." (Laughter) How is he a spiritual parent? The difference is that he is a parent who can connect you to God's love, to original love. You need to understand this.

What is the fall? It is that the parents who could become ancestors failed to connect God's love. They could not connect it. Therefore, your parents cannot connect you to God's love. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." What is the difference with true parents? They have come with the privilege of being able to connect God's love, a privilege. When you do not listen to your parents and listen to Reverend Moon of the Unification Church, is that justice in society, or is it evil? "Justice." Why? Because it is the principle of heaven. Your mother and father are centered on traditional standards within the fallen realm, so they cannot find true love there. The purpose of human birth and life is to seek true love. Therefore, seeking true love is the purpose of life that society cannot understand, and no matter how much society denies it, it will remain eternally, so walking this path is justice.

The final gift that God will give to humanity is the world of true love. 

Today, humans born must live on earth according to the principle of creation and then go to the spiritual world. If they live according to the principle, even if they face opposition, the eternal world will be inherited just as it is. Humans are born for eternal love. They are born to live in eternal love.

Now, it is not just about this physical life in the world; we must live in harmony in the spiritual world, which is why we cannot avoid it. Therefore, the love realm on earth is the ideal of the heavenly kingdom on earth, and the true love realm in heaven is the ideal of the heavenly kingdom in heaven. It is the same. What lived here will simply move over to live there, and there will be no boundary. If you do not receive this, thousands and tens of thousands of boundaries will arise, and you will have to go through all of them. Here, knowledge, power, and money are not needed. (Drawing while speaking)

So, we have brought forth the family ideal centered on God's love, the ideal of the son-in-law, and this is a great philosophy. (Applause) No matter how difficult it is, we must align ourselves with this. A student attending school must receive a score of 70 or above to be recognized. Can you go to the exam room and say, "I know everything, so I don't need to take the test"? "No." Who decides that? "I live according to the will of the Unification Church, and I have nothing to be ashamed of..." No matter how long you do this for ten or twenty years, it will not work.

And then, if you say, "Oh, my parents decided on my partner, and I don't like that fiancé," will that work? Will it work? "No." Look. Adam and Eve, it is not about finding a partner among many in the world. Your partner is one. Now, if Eve says, "I don't like that person because Adam is missing a leg," would that be the case? "No." What if his eyes were like this? (Laughter, gestures) So, marriage is done because of parents. Who is marriage for? It is for the sake of the sons and daughters. It is not for oneself. So, when getting married, do parents treat the partner poorly? They do not treat them poorly. Does the child treat them poorly? Even if they are disabled, they cannot treat them poorly.

Parents cannot say, "Hey, if your daughter-in-law or son-in-law is disabled, throw that person away and go marry someone else." At such times, they must look upon them with compassion. The same goes for children.

Now, can someone who hates their partner and says they dislike them face God? Can they have children in the future? No. Does love come from men or from women? Where does it come from? "Women." (Laughter) Love comes from God, from parents. It comes through the vertical line.

Then, who is the vertical line in the family? "Parents." Women enter the family centered on men, combining with that vertical line, not for their own well-being. They want daughters-in-law who serve the family, and sons-in-law who serve the family, not those who serve themselves.

What does this mean? It means that entering the Unification Church and saying, "Oh, let's stop listening to the teacher and live among ourselves. Let's stop listening to the words of the Unification Church members and do as we please," is wrong. This becomes a seed, and even if such a tradition is planted anywhere in the world... Do you understand?

Then, why is this world an evil world? Why is it an evil world? Is it because there is no money? Because there is no country? Because there are no relatives? What is it? It is because there is no true love. The final blessing that God will give to humanity is the world of true love. He desires individuals of true love, families of true love, tribes of true love, nations of true love, and a world of true love.

Where do you want to live? Do you want to live in the individual of true love, or in the family of true love? "In the family." Then, do you want to live in the family of true love, or in the world of true love? "In the world." Hmm, you have a lot of desires. (Laughter) Why? Because in the individual of true love, even if it is vertical, it can only be this much. It is vertical, in terms of love. The family of true love is this big. The tribe of true love is even bigger. When we say "the universe of true love," it has no end. Why do we want to be big? When this becomes a complete plus, a complete minus arises. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." When a complete universal plus arises, a universal minus automatically arises. It is created.

Then what happens? When something that can completely match this arises, it becomes like this, and this automatically rotates and moves. Then it resembles me. It becomes one. So, all love that connects here is my love, and the love here is my love, and all love is my love. Ultimately, wherever I go, it is my love. Only when this happens can we connect anywhere in the spiritual world. (Drawing while speaking) I can go anywhere in the spiritual world as I please. That is why I desire something greater.

Now, when you go up here, can you just go up? Do you just go up? How do you go up? You must sacrifice more than the low-pressure zone and the minus zone. The power of the universe all comes from here. In all directions... When you stand in a position of unity here, great harmony unfolds.

Even if it is difficult for the sake of true love, we must go straight without complaining. 

Now, when we think about this, should we settle down and live, or should we live while moving? Dr. Dust, what do you think? Should we settle down and live for this kind of work in life, or should we live while moving? (Laughter) Should we stand still or move? What is it? "We should move."

Then, while living in motion, should we have several cars and good houses, or should we live simply? "Simply." Therefore, this is similar to the restoration of Canaan. It is about moving forward. At that time, if Moses had said, "Oh, I want to drink water. I want to eat. Our children are sick, and our husband is just not doing well!" would that have worked? Even if they were sick and dying, that would not work. They thought they were dying because of Moses, because of God, without considering that they were dying due to their own wrongdoings. So, they all died.

Recently, ex-Moonies have been saying on the radio, Dr. Dust heard an ex-Moonie say, "We ex-Moonies also support Reverend Moon. We hope Reverend Moon recognizes us." Why did those people fall away? In the past, they all fell away without admitting their mistakes, blaming the Unification Church, but nowadays, they say they fell away because of their own mistakes. I heard such words for the first time. There are special ex-Moonies too. (Applause. Laughter)

Those people who have fallen away say, "I fell away because of such and such a leader in the Unification Church." What about you? Even if it is difficult, you must not complain and must continue on. You cannot go back and forth. You must go straight, straight.

In crossing the wilderness era, when both the wife and husband stand in a position of lacking, can that husband think, "Ah, I have not done my duty to my wife until now, but during this time of crossing the wilderness, I will do everything I can for my wife"? Can he become such a husband or not? Think about it.

Can people who are all proud of themselves and think they are great survive if they are tied together and one falls away, saying they will go alone? Can men and women who think they are all lacking, who have the heart to help each other, survive? Which group can survive more? "The second one."

Even if you have a husband who is somewhat lacking, when I am in trouble, that husband can sacrifice his life to help me, and a lacking wife can help her husband from that standpoint. There are many ways to do that. If I say I live according to Moses, I will go until I die. Among those who are tied together, do you think there are more who are proud or more who are lacking? 

When I tie you all together, if I match good-looking people, when good things happen, they will go first, but when bad things happen, they will all fall away. If I tie together good-looking men and women, when the Unification Church faces difficulties, they will fall away, but if I tie together those who are not good-looking, I believe they will remain. (Laughter. Applause)

When looking at this, we must think before complaining. We must think before complaining. We must ask our hearts. We must seek the principle. If we abandon our hearts, abandon the principle, abandon God, where will we go? Where will we go? How do we face all the pain that pushes against my conscience and body, like a raging storm? So, when I meet my husband, I serve that husband, and when I become someone who gives birth to children, I find happiness when I look at those children. You will not be able to forget the words of the principle that the teacher is speaking. You cannot forget this. "Oh, I want to throw it away! Oh, oh..." No matter how much you say that, you cannot throw it away. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Even if I am handsome and beautiful, to love someone who has not received God's love in the human world is God's heart. I want you to think about that. Here, if I say, "I am a good man, so I want a good woman!" no matter how much I do this, it is superficial. It is superficial. Good men and ugly women... For this to connect like this... For this to connect, it must go down like this. (Drawing while speaking)

Then, until it comes down here, it all denies. I dislike, dislike, dislike... No matter how good it is, I forget it all and come down, right? Therefore, what happens? Because of saying "no," it all grows like this. If you say "no," it keeps growing. So, when it connects here, it automatically goes up, but this is difficult. Now, do you want this kind of connection? Which connection do you want? Think about it. To have a high plus and a high minus... It is all low plus. This is all it can be. Do you want this, or do you want the whole? Which one do you want? (Pointing to what he has written) 

So, is that easy or difficult? Now, you must bear the cross for your eyes, bear the cross for your ears, bear the cross for your mouth, bear the cross for your body, and bear all crosses. If you say you are sacrificing for great love, how wonderful is that?

It is ideal when extremes connect. 

Now, if God were to pick the best among the blessings, among the history of marriage blessings, let’s say He picks the best among white people and the best among the five colored races. Among them, the best couple would be one who marries a white person and a black person, selected from the five colored races. Would God like that or dislike that? "He likes it." 

Why is that? How do you believe that? Why would God do that? I recognize...
I can't do it. God only likes white things; what would He like about black things? "No." 
That is a "no." Why? You must understand that there is day and night in a single day. 
Then you must realize that noon and midnight are relative to each other. This connection allows for an eternal orbit without moving away. (Speaking while writing on the board) 
Now, from God's perspective, here at noon is the purest white, and this is pure black. How relative and ideal is this? What is this? This is ideal, ideal. 
Your ideal might be, "Oh, it would be ideal if it were only among white people," but that is wrong. That is Satan's thought. However, that is ideal. The harmony between a high person and a low person is ideal. 
Now, if we look at it centered around the Unification Church's ideology, in the future, ugly people will sell well, and the unattractive will thrive. The conclusion is that a disabled person can get a wonderful wife, a strong husband. (Laughter) Among ugly men, the disabled are even more stylish. That's how it will be. The disabled are more stylish. (Laughter) This is how the world can become one; if it doesn't happen this way, how can the world unite? 
Now, honestly, raise your hand if you think, "Oh, I don't like the partner that the teacher matched me with." (Laughter) Raise your hand, you little rascals! (Laughter) You need to understand this. After three years of marriage, the partner will silently care for you. After three years, you will realize how precious your partner is. Only after three years do you understand whether someone is good or bad; I don't care if their face is good-looking or if they are handsome. I say "no." 
Those who live with a good-looking partner will be anxious if they are unattractive, thinking, "Oh, will they cheat on me?" "Oh, my wife is so attractive; what will happen when she goes out?" "Oh, my husband is so attractive; what will happen when he goes out?" How will you protect and live with that? How do you live in an evil world? When a man goes next to you, when a woman goes next to you, your eyes will turn upside down, and you will be in chaos. 
If you marry an unattractive man, do you suffer? If you marry an unattractive woman, do you suffer? Even if you go out at night, you can feel at ease. (Laughter) Just think about how safe that would be. If a beautiful wife lives with an unattractive man and says, "I am so wonderful, but I will live for you," that husband will cherish his wife to the point of melting his bones and will be grateful to God. 
Then, if they have children and pass on that ideology, how blessed will the next generation be? How blessed will they be by God? You shouldn't marry just by looking at someone's face. You need to look at their hands, their feet, and their back. The teacher sees it that way. You can just look at the face, right? (Laughter) 
Elementary school children write A's and B's better than anyone else. But why is it that the A's written by ordinary people are worse than those written by children? (Laughter) Why is this? (Laughter) And why does B turn out this way? This is wonderful. (Speaking while writing on the board) Do you understand? It's a symbol, a symbol. There is art in it, art. 
You see, when painting, it's easy to draw a flat face. A well-drawn picture is one that handles the background well. There is harmony in that. That is a masterpiece. If a woman is a beautiful canvas, then a man corresponds to the background. The background should not be beautiful. 
Look here. The background of a bright picture should be an ugly picture; if it is a beautiful picture, it becomes a mess. An ugly background fits a bright foreground. Right? Isn't that wonderful? Therefore, if an unattractive woman and a good-looking man create harmony, that is wonderful; if a good-looking woman and an unattractive man create harmony, that is not wonderful. (Laughter) Is that wrong? If that's wrong, then speak up. (Laughter) 
Look here. Would you sleep in the bright during the day? You would sleep in the shade. During the day, you lose all the shade, but you must understand that there are things to gain. When you go out to work during the day, you go out, but when you want to sleep, you seek the shade. Therefore, what do you need to understand? 
The person here must come to find here. Finding here is more wonderful. Ordinary people try to find here. (Pointing to what was written on the board) 
Reverend Moon has combined Western and Eastern cultures. The foundation is all the same. How wonderful is that? That is why young people in America, young men and women, are all trying to marry Eastern people, right? I started that. Is that bad? Is it good? "It's good." Yes, it is said to be good, but the content is complicated enough to say it is good. We have the ability to overcome difficulties within that content, which is why it is good. You need to invest knowledge and the cost of sacrifice into it. Only then is it truly good. 
Now, look here. Therefore, can a Western man harmonize with the Eastern world? No. If he goes and gets a wife, that is harmony. Therefore, if you have come to think that what you dislike or do not think is good is wonderful and excellent, how revolutionary is that? How much has your character changed? 
In conclusion, to complete the expectation of a son-in-law, the extremes must connect. That is what is ideal. The ideal is the union of extremes, two extremes becoming one. Do you understand? "Yes." (After a woman answers, everyone follows suit) (Laughter) How wonderful is that "yes" harmony? (Laughter) 
You must become someone you can believe in. 
Now, family issues are important issues today. When would it be good to bless you? (Laughter) You have truly been brainwashed.... What partner are you waiting for? You do all sorts of things, dating and doing as you please, so why are you doing this? Therefore, I think everyone is crazy. (Laughter) Why is that? Why? Naturally, because you know this principle. There is a solemn and great value in conforming to the truth. 
So when would it be good? Is a longer waiting time better, or a shorter one? "Longer." (Laughter) The longer it is, the more everyone will make complaints, dislikes, likes, and go through all sorts of twists and turns. (Laughter) You fight over the phone and then turn around and say, "I won't call! I won't!" But if the other side stops calling, you will go back and say, "Oh," and call again. 
You must love and exchange for the purpose. The woman should look to her husband, and the husband should like to convey the principle and work hard to evangelize. That is how it should be. You two should make a promise, saying, "Let’s evangelize ten people before we get married," and if you try to do more than that, when the wedding comes, the people you evangelized will come and present gifts and praise God; how wonderful would that be? 
So, after getting married, among thousands and tens of thousands of couples, to be set as a representative and have the people they evangelized welcome them, how wonderful would that be? And when those people are sent off to travel around the world with tickets, how wonderful would that be? If you think like this, you would evangelize all.... If you want to love me, what does it matter.... 
During that period, you both need to train each other. So how much work is there to do? Now, when will you do it? You need to decide when you want to do it. Tomorrow? "No." (Laughter) "Oh, flowers are blooming, but we are past our youth. The teacher is heartless," you thought, right? So when shall we get married? More than any other topic, that is the most important. When shall we do it? 
Now, raise your hand if you have received a blessing for engagement. When, when shall we do it? You decide. When shall we do it? "Next year." (Laughter) Decide. Decide. Talk about it. Talk about it. What? I’m not saying you should talk among yourselves. I’m saying you should talk to me. No matter how much you talk among yourselves, it won’t work. (Laughter) Talk about it. Talk about it? What will you do if I am in prison for about 5 or 10 years? "I will wait." (Laughter) You will wait? I think you won’t be able to wait. (Laughter) 
Now, until July 14, let’s not think about that and put all our effort into the threefold movement. Then, won’t good things happen? Do you understand what that means? "Yes." 
Then the issue is simple. The issue is simple. You must understand that each individual is a personal Messiah, a personal Messiah. (Speaking while writing on the board) What does that mean? It means you must be able to believe in yourself. Can you do that? You must become your own personal Messiah. Is that right? Can you believe in yourself? Can you make yourself believe in you in front of a third party? The Messiah has the ability to believe in himself and at the same time make the other party believe in him. 
Then can I believe in myself? Can I make anyone believe in me? "Yes." You believe now, but do you know when and how it will be? 
You believe now, but do you know what will happen? Women cannot believe in themselves, right? Isn't that so? That is the problem. I cannot believe in myself. How can a person who cannot believe in themselves expect their husband to believe in them? How great a sin is that? The Messiah is someone who can believe in himself and at the same time has the foundation to make the other party believe in him. So what is your foundation? That is a serious issue. A person who cannot believe in themselves finds it difficult to believe in others. 
You say you believe in the teacher, right? "Yes." If you cannot believe in yourself, how can you believe in the teacher? The same goes for Reverend Moon. When you say, "Oh, I believe in the Father," if you are in a position where you cannot believe in yourself, saying you believe in the Father is all a lie. 
If Reverend Moon said he would die for the purpose, for God, then until he goes to the place to die, he must believe in himself. He must discover a self he can believe in. Even if he goes to a difficult place, he must believe in himself, and even if he goes to a place of death, he must discover a self he can believe in. If I can believe in America and say to believe in me, then regardless of what happens in America, I must have a self I can believe in for America to believe in me. 

To make oneself believe, one must walk the path of true truth and love. 
In that sense, what is the lineage of the Messiah? It starts from a place where one can believe in oneself. From there, one makes others believe. I can believe in my eyes, I can believe in my ears, I can believe in my nose, I can believe in my mouth, I can believe in my face, I can believe in my own conscience; can you? Are you confident? Marriage is about achieving the ideal of the Messiah, but if you cannot have such a perspective, is that right or wrong? But how can you get married? Can you believe in getting married from such a position? It’s a fundamental issue. In that sense, we are normal. 
Then, the ideal of the Messiah is to become a personal Messiah, then a family Messiah, then a tribal Messiah, then a national Messiah, a global Messiah, a cosmic Messiah, and finally a heavenly Messiah. Where does it start from? If you start from a place where you cannot believe in yourself, it will be a big problem. Even if you have something great, can you safely possess it? Can you make it your own? And until now, all that "I am the best, I am the center, I am wonderful..." how detestable and how false is that? 
Then, have you become someone your husband can believe in? Have you become someone your wife can believe in? Have you become a parent your children can believe in? Have you become someone your tribe can believe in, your nation can believe in, your country can believe in, the world can believe in, and the universe can believe in? 
Then who decides what to believe? Who decides that I believe in myself? What is the principle? What is the principle? What is the principle that allows me to say I believe in myself? That is truth. You must understand that it is the path of truth. It is simple. Then it is the path of love. 
Can I believe in myself? When I look at my heart, is my heart a true heart, a heart of true love? Is my body trying to walk the true path? Is it trying to walk the path of true love? Then you can believe. Truth and true love connect to eternity. It reaches the absolute position. 
From that position, no matter how much you are pushed, no matter how much you receive unfair misunderstandings, you walk this path. Even if there is a path of death, you walk this path. When you say, "I will go this way," if I do my personal life that way, I can believe in myself, and if I do that in my family, my family can believe in me, and if I do that in society, society can believe in me, and if I do that in my country, my country can believe in me. 
This is a personal Messiah, so the realm of the personal Messiah connects. And the realm of the family Messiah is formed this way. You must take responsibility and say, "It is my responsibility. Everything is my responsibility." Then I will go from a personal Messiah to a family Messiah, from a family Messiah to a tribal Messiah, to a national Messiah, to a global Messiah, to a cosmic Messiah, and go to the kingdom of heaven. 

To establish the cosmic Messiah realm through home church and become an heir of heaven. 
So, what kind of being is God? Because He has the Messiahship over all creation, He walks the path of truth eternally, eternally. It is the same for all. (Applause) What kind of Messiah are you? Jesus came to be a global Messiah. To become a global Messiah, He must first be a national Messiah, then a tribal, ethnic, family, and personal Messiah. 
Then what kind of Messiahship does Reverend Moon desire? "Cosmic Messiahship." If he desires cosmic Messiahship, then he must create unity between the spiritual and physical worlds, plus and minus, Cain and Abel. Therefore, he must carry out movements that connect the earthly world and the spiritual world. Are you doing that? 
Then, while he may not become a cosmic Messiah, should he not also carry out movements that integrate the personal and the spiritual in the family or individual? Therefore, plus and minus, body and mind must become one for truth to be formed. Where there is truth, God's love is bound to dwell.
that he came to be served, but to serve. Therefore, the person who becomes God's person must serve the world. This is the essence of being a representative of God. 

In order to establish a center on earth, the True Parents must be present. Without True Parents, there can be no foundation for the center on this earth. The True Parents are the ones who embody the ideal of love and truth, and through them, the world can be unified. 

The path of the True Parents is to restore the world through love and truth. They must bring together all nations, tribes, and families, creating a unified world under God's will. This is the mission of the True Parents, and it is the responsibility of all believers to support this mission. 

As we move forward, we must understand that the establishment of the Kingdom of Heaven on earth is not just a dream but a reality that can be achieved through our efforts. We must unite as one family under God, transcending national, racial, and cultural boundaries. 

In conclusion, the message today is clear: we must strive to embody the principles of love and truth, following the path laid out by the True Parents. We must work together to build a world that reflects these values, ensuring that the legacy of True Parents lives on in our actions and our hearts. 

Let us commit ourselves to this mission, knowing that through our collective efforts, we can create a world that honors the True Parents and fulfills God's will.
"Did you hear? 'I did not come to be served, but to serve.' That's it. Sacrificial service. 

Is it good? "Yes." Do you like it? "Yes." I don't like it. (Laughter) Is sacrificial service good? I can't do it, I can't. Is it good to go to school and study for exams? "No." I can't do it, I can't. But we must not go beyond this.

Who demonstrated this? Jesus showed this. Jesus showed that humanity must go this way. Therefore, there must be a personal service era. If you say, 'Oh, individual level is enough for me; I don't want a sacrificial age,' that's not acceptable. We must all go beyond.

These days, I hear that the blessed individuals are floating around saying, 'Oh, blessings are great!' and making a fuss. Are these kids really happy and excited, looking forward to the day when the whole world can be blessed? If so, do I have to walk the path of indemnity and sacrifice until the world is blessed? Is that good? Is it easy?

Now you are not alone; you are two. Both must sacrifice, both! Buddhas must sacrifice together. What will you do when, in three or five years, there are three or four children? The blessed families of the world said, 'Your sons and daughters, wives must all suffer and serve,' but they are saying, 'Oh, no, I won't go.' We must put the whole world under the blessing. The thought of living comfortably in the world centered on the blessing itself is wrong.

So then, can the family offering, the family itself, sacrifice to go beyond this maximum era of human rights? "Yes." How many stages are left between family and nation? Then who must do the tribe and nation? That's why you must quickly restore your own country and prepare for the global human rights blessing. Your country too.

Such a country is opposing it. If they oppose and you say, 'Then I'll quit,' how good would that be? If you leave it all to the opposition of the country, you cannot go the way of the world. Should we quit? "No." Regardless of any opposition, we must lay the foundation for the world and for this country.

Even if fallen humanity holds all the rights of victory in the world, we cannot reach God's providence, the divine sovereignty. You cannot go. Who must go? The Messiah must go. That is why the concept of the Messiah is necessary. That is the thought of the Second Coming, the thought of the Second Coming. After establishing the rights of victory based on each country, the Messiah will connect and transition to the world on that foundation. This is the thought of the Second Coming that Christianity hopes for today, and that many religions desire.

Wouldn't it be nice to go directly to God without a Messiah? 'I don't want a mediator like him. I'll take a more convenient path.' (Laughter) Why? Why do we need a mediator? Why is it necessary? We must restore the parents. Without parents, a center cannot be established on earth. The center of the heavenly kingdom on earth cannot emerge. The True Parents are at the center.

If we do not create a center on earth, the heavenly kingdom on earth will not be formed. If the heavenly kingdom on earth is not formed, then the heavenly kingdom in heaven cannot be formed either… That will naturally transfer. Even in the economic realm, we transition through the Messiah, and we need the Messiah here and there.

Love your enemies before entering the age of divine sovereignty.
Next is the age of divine sovereignty, the age of forgiveness. What is the age of divine sovereignty, the age of forgiveness? Until now, God's will for humanity has been divine sovereignty. In the age of divine sovereignty regarding the providence of restoration, we cannot realize it without the task of forgiveness.

So how do we complete the age of divine sovereignty, the age of forgiveness? How do we accomplish it? If God forgives, to what extent is that forgiveness? The question is how we can enter the age of divine sovereignty. Of course, through the Messiah, what must the Messiah do first to enter the age of divine sovereignty? "Rebirth." What is rebirth? How do we achieve rebirth? Answer me, answer me. (Various answers) None of those are correct. You can only achieve rebirth by loving your enemies.

So what does 'loving the enemy' mean? Can you love Satan like God? What does it mean to love? If God said to love your enemies, to what extent does that love go? When He says, 'Hey, love those who love you less than me,' how much is that 'less love'? That's the problem. The issue is significant.

Abel's path is… Abel is a person on God's side, so it is God's way to sacrifice a person on God's side for the children of the enemy. It means to take a position of loving more than your own children, more than yourself, which is the path of Abel. Only then can Satan… If there is someone who does that, Satan will say, 'Oh, I cannot receive love like God.' That is the principle. It starts from there. The principle is like that. Satan knows that principle. Do you understand that? He cannot be in a position to receive love like God.

When Jesus went to the cross, that love… Even while dying, He prayed for them, and even if He was to disappear and be sacrificed, He prayed for their blessings. As a being with a conscience, is there anyone who can be in such a position without bowing their head and having their heart turned upside down? Only by eternally parting with the enemy can we enter the ideal world.

Think about the people in established churches today, those who say they will receive God's love and go to God's kingdom. Can they repay enemies as enemies, do whatever they like, and still think they will go to heaven? That's impossible. (The recording briefly cuts out)

What kind of people are the sons and daughters of God? They must receive a sign, a certificate from Satan that says, 'This person loved me as an enemy as a son or daughter of God.' Satan must say, 'This person must be loved by God.' At that time, when Satan sees that person being embraced and loved, he should not say, 'Hey, you!' but rather, 'Ah—Amen!' (Applause) Do you think that will happen? Shouldn't it happen? Shouldn't we resolve our relationship with Satan? How will we resolve it? Will we resolve it with things? Will we resolve it with rights? "With love."

We must connect with love, not with material as a means.
So what level are you, members of the Unification Church? From this principle, what level are you? How far have you passed? What level are you at? This is the principle. This is not the teacher's words. This is the principle, the principle. It is not just a thought. It is all principle. In the process of restoration, that is the principle. So what level are you at? What level? Can someone who has not passed this be blessed? Yes or no? "No." Those who say 'no' want to be blessed, right? We must think about this before the blessing.

What is the Unification Church? What does the Unification Church do? Then what is Reverend Moon's mission? What is Reverend Moon's mission? What does he do? "Centered on God…" What does it mean to be centered on God? What does it mean? Does Reverend Moon have to go alone? He can go alone, can't he? Will all of this meaning, all of this content that I am speaking be completed? "No." Then what must be done? We must bring the world's material rights, we must bring the world's human rights, and then we must gather those who forgive among the world's tribes. We must gather them. So what is the purpose of this?

When we transition, do things pass over? When we transition, do things pass over, or do people pass over? When we transition, do things pass over, or do people pass over? Is it the Messiah? Yes, it is the Messiah. But there are individual messiahs, family messiahs, tribe messiahs, and national messiahs, and many messiahs. This is how it works. In that process, there are individual messiahs, family messiahs, tribe messiahs, national messiahs, and world messiahs… This is the process we go through.

So what are you, members of the Unification Church? What are Unificationists? What is 'Mun'? What is this? What kind of group is this? This is a place to nurture the messiahs, whether individual messiahs, family messiahs, tribe messiahs, or national messiahs, to represent the world. (Laughter) Reverend Moon stands in a worldwide position, so all those nations are connected to that. So what level of messiah are you? What kind of person is the messiah? You must understand that the one who is recognized is the one who loves their enemies. When will that person be recognized? You must understand that this is the unification movement.

Now, look here. What are we? When we enter the Unification Church, we engage in economic activities. 'Fundraise!' That's what we must do. What do we do with fundraising? We must offer sacrifices. The world of Satan centers around itself, but we are not centered around ourselves. We are not centered around our own country. We do this for God, for God's will. We give for the world. It is different.

In the world of Satan, beings only need to give a tithe, but we are not a tithe. We are one hundred percent, one hundred percent. We must do it for three years. So he is insulted, opposed, and treated like a 'Mun' and goes through all sorts of things. Do you love those who oppose you? You must connect with those who oppose you with love. We must connect not with material as a means, but with love, with love, with messianic love.

In the world of Satan, while doing all sorts of things to find material, you must not run away when you enter the position of opposition. You must endure and digest it with love. Even if they try to kill you and do all sorts of things, even if you face all the hardships of struggling around miserable things in the world, you must digest it, overcome it, and love it.

You must start from the position of a beggar servant in sacrificial service.
After that, once you surpass that, even if I throw away material, it will follow me. It will follow me like a tail. Even if I throw away the car, it will come in. It is meant to follow within the realm of God's love, not in the world of Satan. You will absolutely not die from hunger. That is the principle. Have you done that fundraising? With the qualification of being a messiah, in the context of the nation and the world, have I triumphed in the process of offering material? Didn't it happen during Jesus' time? He gave everything he had, but Ananias and his wife hid their wealth and were struck dead, right?

You must not use the money you raised for your own purposes. You must not use it as you please. You must report and use it. You must add even a penny from your mother or your family to that raised money and offer it. You cannot separate that. Based on this principle, you must live your life and engage in religious activities and all activities. Now, raise your hand if you think you have passed this.

That is why when you walk this path, you must incur debt. You must give the best of everything and incur debt, incur debt. You must work even while in debt. That is what God sees, that is what the teacher sees. The leaders from Japan are here, and I commanded them, 'If you cannot fundraise, then get into debt!' The Japanese members, all the leaders here said, 'You put your heart into fundraising, but also get into debt and add it!' That is what they are doing.

'It's getting bigger. It's getting bigger. It's rising. Oh, the teacher who doesn't know how to go down is rising. Oh, it's rising. It's rising…' When they came, they all came like this. When they leave… (makes a face, laughter) Praise, I probably won't give praise. I won't give praise. If I give praise, Satan will accuse me. (Laughter) If I don't give praise, Satan will not recognize it. You must receive recognition and praise from Satan. You have not yet received Satan's recognition. And yet Japan is blessed, and Japan receives blessings. Since 1978, Japan has been rising continuously.

These days, all the young men and women in Western society say they like Japanese people. Men are all longing for Japanese women. Blue eyes cannot compare with blue eyes. Black eyes can relate to blue eyes. The subject-object relationship is different, right? Blue eyes find no fun with blue eyes. The subject-object relationship does not feel real. I see that time is coming. I see that it is coming. Do you think that is the case? Do you think young people in America feel that way? "Yes." Oh, these are Unification Church members, so they say 'yes,' but do ordinary people feel that way? "They do." Really?

So should we fundraise or not? "We must." You must pass this, pass this. You must pass this, right? Even if you die, you must pass this. Even if you don't pass, it is the principle that you cannot do it. Why must you pass this? Because the ideal world must come quickly.

After this three-year course is over, what must we do? We must go out and evangelize. With what do we go? With what do we go? Everyone does sacrificial service for the high-ranking people. The world of Satan does it too. From what level will you start? From where will you start? "Servant."

Among servants, there are many types. Everyone wants to be a king servant. But among Unificationists, no one wants to be a beggar servant. What will you choose? "Beggar servant." There are many types of servants. What kind of servant will you be? What kind of servant will you be? It sounds good. Being a servant sounds good, but I must be a servant. So, will you start as a king servant or a beggar servant? What will you choose? "Beggar servant." It is a beggar servant.

That is why when you go out to evangelize, you do not take evangelism expenses. Jesus was crazy. He told the disciples who faced opposition, 'When you go out to evangelize, take only a penny…'
Don't take anything with you, not even two sets of clothes... Where is such a law? It's just right for starving to death. What is this, telling me to go and become the lowest of beggars? Why is that? Why did it happen? Why is that? Christians don't know. Why did it happen? This is an important issue. The path that directly commands the beloved disciples, saying not to take even a penny or two sets of clothes, is what we must understand as the traditional thought of Christianity. This was the first instruction given to the disciples. That spirit is the core of being a Christian. Is the teacher's statement correct or not? "It's correct." Why did it happen, why did it happen?

When it comes to sacrificial service, what level is that? What level is that? It is the servant of beggars, the servant of beggars. Therefore, even beggars are looked down upon, not to mention the servants. Wherever you go, you are bound to be persecuted. You are bound to be persecuted, that's what it is. Why does heaven allow such persecution? Why does God allow such persecution? Why? For human rights, for human rights. We must overcome the world of Satan. We must overcome the world of Satan.

Even if the beggars oppose, no matter how much they oppose, in the end, they naturally submit. "Oh, now I..." Even while opposing, they bow their heads. After that, from the position of a servant, opposing again, they bow their heads and take the position of a son... Even if the village, the entire neighborhood opposes, everyone must naturally submit. After that, the entire country opposes. "Don't let that guy come here," the whole country opposes. The world opposes entirely, the world opposes entirely. They do all sorts of things.

But you can't go and fight together. They really don't know; you must go out with the heart that "I am in the position of a parent, and you are in the position of a child." They don't know. When I teach you, you will surely submit. Therefore, to gain national human rights, there must be national opposition, and to gain Asian human rights, there must be Asian opposition, and to gain global human rights, there must be global persecution. This conclusion is inevitable. Should it be that way or not? "It should be that way."

Only then will Satan do all he can and eventually feel shame. And then later... Well, just because of the accusations and opposition, they won't submit. They won't part forever. However, if you find the condition that you loved them more than God, it will be an eternal separation. It will be goodbye.

So, what about Reverend Moon now? Is Reverend Moon an exception in the path of heavenly will? If Christianity had united with a country like the global America today, the foundation for crossing the world all at once would have been laid. But because of opposition, it's the same. Everyone must go. Throughout the historical era, everyone must go. It's the same.

So far, globally... 1976 is the peak. (While writing on the board) This was the peak, and now it goes down. It goes down. It will last until 1983, 1984. It must go down for 7 or 8 years. Do you understand what I mean? In order to cross over, the legal struggles have all arisen like that. It's just like Pilate's court, where he asked Jesus, "Are you the King of the Jews?" It's the same as forcing that. Just like the other day, all sorts of talk about the Messiah is coming out. (Cheers. Applause)

Let’s enter the age of God's love with dignity.
Now, what is different about America compared to the Roman era 2000 years ago is that there is religious freedom in America. Because the constitution absolutely values religion and freedom, we are able to talk like this now; otherwise, by now, they would have done whatever they wanted to me. (Applause)

If the teacher thinks, "Ah, may that judge die with his mouth torn open!" what would have happened? "Oh God, curse this child!" what would have happened? (Laughter) You must love your enemies. In that respect, you will also respect Reverend Moon. Before that, even the mother said something like, "Oh, foreign language, what about this and that..." It's not that kind of thinking. There are principles, there are principles. (Laughter. Applause)

Because of this, the world is turning. It is turning. Because of this incident, many American citizens are coming in. The democratic world has begun to rethink Reverend Moon. The New York Times is also repenting. They are reconsidering. (Applause)

What does the teacher mean? Now, let’s move beyond the age of material rights, human rights, and divine rights. And let’s enter the age of love and the age of God's love.

Who is here? Michael Ward, if it were the world, he would have been beaten to death and all that. I think so. From that perspective, heaven... Whether it's God or the world of Satan, they always take the teacher's position... To slander such a person, to try to kill such a person, to block the path of such a person, God resolves all of that. Even in such a position, the spirit world takes care of everything. When you love your enemies, on the day you strike, you cannot forgive. The spirit world punishes.

When thinking about these things, is the path of faith an easy path or a difficult path? Because of that, you cannot return to that world again. Because of that, you cannot return again. You must understand that because you have experienced that, you cannot go back. Knowing how hard that is, you will absolutely not think of looking back and going back; you will die if you must. You must understand that it is precious. Even if there is opposition here in America, I am thinking of going all the way to Moscow in the future. (Applause)

We are going with dignity. We are confronting head-on. We are challenging head-on. We are not going cowardly. From now on, we attack. We attack and go. We will attack. Now, do you understand? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Based on the content of that providence, many denominations and many leaders have come out, but there is no one going with this content. They haven't even thought about it. If you were to overcome this personally, how many thousands of years would it take? How difficult would it be? You all must overcome this; you must overcome this... Therefore, Reverend Moon himself is breaking through this path of indemnity. (Applause) This requires a historical, world-representative environment, an environment like globality.

We must inherit material rights, human rights, and divine rights all at once and transition into the age of love.
Therefore, there must be a church like Judaism on a national level, like the nation of Israel. That is a national level. The religious position of Judaism is a national level. At that time, everyone believed in Judaism, but now it is not so. The nation is still not united. The nation is not united.

Now, this connects with Rome. The nation of Israel and Rome are meant to be connected. If the Jews had completely united here, the whole situation would have centered around this and completely united with Jesus, laying the foundation to assimilate the nation of Israel and the Roman people.

In this way, what is the church that stands in such a position, centered on the current world standard, like Judaism at that time? "It's the Unification Church." It's the Unification Church. The Unification Church is global. It transcends all ethnicities. This way, the free world connects. The nation of Israel connects with the free world. That’s why we are fighting here with America.

What stands in the same position as Rome is communism. We are confronting this communism. We are clashing. The legal struggles are not just in America. All of this includes Judaism, Rome, and the democratic world. It also includes the communists. Here, everyone is applying pressure. Starting from Reverend Moon, we are applying pressure. Let’s expand our stage! That’s why we are creating the Washington Times while engaging in legal struggles and going to the Cannes Film Festival and giving blessings...

As I said before, fight for 53 days! (Applause) Fight for 53 days, and let’s expand threefold. Do you understand? If we say we will bless now, what should we do first? What should we do first? Will we receive blessings first or will we evangelize first? If you want to evangelize, I will send you right away. (Laughter)

Whether it’s Judaism, Billy Graham, or the Soviet Union, America is confused, England is confused, Argentina is confused, and the whole world is completely in chaos. The Unification Church itself is in chaos. (Laughter. Applause) American law is in chaos. Reverend Moon is in trouble with the religious court. So, you are all busy, right? (Laughter) What should we do? What should we do? Think about it. What should we do? Is blessing, marriage important, or is the will important? "It’s God’s will." Is the will important? "It’s God’s will." Is blessing more important than the will? "No." We must be clear about this. (Laughter)

So how will you prepare for marriage? Ah, it’s not complicated. If I evangelize three people, and these people... If I evangelize three people, how simple would it be to do it all in one week? That’s how you should think. If I evangelized three people, and if the four of us do what I would do alone in three months, we could do it all within a week. Have you thought about that? (Laughter) You haven’t thought about that, right? You’ve forgotten everything I told you to do, writing letters and putting in all your effort, staying up all night? Think about that. If you listen to my words and those who receive training for a week, I will give you tickets when I bless you. (Applause)

This is the problem of minimizing this. We need a base that can inherit this historical material rights, human rights, and divine rights all at once and transition into the age of love. But will we separate this and go one by one, or will we go all at once? (While writing on the board) Which is better? "All at once." If it’s better to do it all at once, who will make it possible? Even if you say one time, or all of them, can all of them be done at one time? "No." That’s why Reverend Moon is necessary, Reverend Moon. He must overcome all these hardships and connect everything to ensure that Satan cannot oppose.

So what you should think about regarding the teacher is, "Is there really such a wicked person in the world?" Even then, "Ah, the teacher faced such wickedness, enduring arrows while not treating them as enemies and loving them." That was the teacher, and that was God... think like that. When you meet wicked people, the most wicked of them persecute you. When you encounter such people, think, "The path of God and the teacher was to be persecuted and treated as enemies by people like me."

This must transcend the individual, the family, the Unification Church, Korea, and the world, overcoming national standards. We must overcome personal enemies, familial enemies, tribal enemies, national enemies, and global enemies. That’s why the world of Satan does everything to destroy the teacher’s family.

We must inherit the tradition to establish the Kingdom of Heaven.

Now, to take down the teacher of the Unification Church, they have done all sorts of brainwashing and all sorts of tricks. They go with guns, saying, "You!" There are people who think of revenge with guns, but they don’t know; if I teach them... The Republic of Korea has done all sorts of things to kill me. America is doing all sorts of tricks too. That’s why I think about that. You cannot complain while inheriting that tradition.

Why must we inherit this tradition? It is solely for this one reason. To establish heaven on earth, to create the Kingdom of Heaven. It is the way for the Kingdom of Heaven. It must be this way to reach there. This is how we will go to heaven. It will become heaven, united like this. Those who come in will welcome you with tears, saying, "How much effort did you all put in to overcome such a difficult path?" You must know that this is a more ideal way.

We are closer brothers than the Satan and opposing brothers. More than the citizens of any country, when people of different races gather, they feel closer than the citizens of that country, pursuing the world of heavenly love. How much God... Therefore, we must always take pride in being a group that God desires.

Just as the people of Israel gathered, whether they were good or bad, having lost their nation and united in persecution, we too, whether good or bad, must raise a movement that can unite beyond Israel. To do this, we must clearly understand that God is pushing us into such a path of persecution today. Therefore, we cannot complain. Even while spitting blood, we cannot resent.

If the heart of loving our enemies is not firm before we die, it will be a big problem. 

Yesterday, I told the Japanese members that when I was in prison, they tortured me in all sorts of ways to kill me, but when they were freed, they could have stoned and pierced them all to death, but instead, they packed their bags and secretly sent me away. Because of that, the Japanese people are in debt. Therefore, the future generations must repay it, which is why today, all Japanese youth are sacrificing. I said that. Therefore, we must understand that the sacrifices of righteous people and the suffering of righteous people do not disappear.

I still love America, and I do not resent the American courts. I digest everything with love, but when I leave America in the future, I will not curse it. You must know that. When I understand that, will America... do you think so? "Yes." I have not done anything wrong for this country, and what I have been doing is not detrimental to America. I am working for America, and you must understand that the White House, the FBI, and the CIA are watching me. (Applause)

To fulfill the will, we must carry out the home church movement.

Why does Reverend Moon do this? It’s for the will. Why does he do this? It’s because of the will. God is here, but it is blocked here. It must come this far, but how will it come? (While writing on the board) There are no legs to come. Who will build the bridge? Reverend Moon and those who follow Reverend Moon will build the bridge. Therefore, we must make it possible to go anywhere in the world without God's counting. You must understand that this is the home church movement. You must understand that if this organization grows, nations will arise and the world will emerge. (Applause)
The teacher centered on history and the global stage like this. However, you only need to do this based on the home church foundation from here to there. You can take a small branch from the Messiah thought centered on Reverend Moon and plant it here. The history of Satan opposing the era of material rights, the era of human rights, and the era of divine rights has been broken here. Because the seed here is the seed of this branch, and because the seeds are different, this will not die. (While writing on the board) Let's go through the era of material rights, the era of human rights, and the era of heart rights to the world. This is heaven...

Such phenomena are also connected to the spirit world, to the spirit world. It remains in the spirit world as well. If you come without doing this, you will get caught there. Do you want to get caught there? This is a path of destiny. You must understand that it is a path of destiny, not just a path of meaning. 

Now, the teacher is building a foundation for restoration globally, and you are here to do this... It is destiny, destiny. Do we need that home church or not? "We need it." Why? Do you want to do this here like the teacher? "No." Then only those with money in the world can do it; what about those in the rural areas? It is a common destiny. When spring comes, it comes commonly, right? 

Now, think about it. The historical desire to achieve the path of meaning, the world that countless humans have wished for, is a stage where we can step and jump right in front of us; the fact that we have a small stage is true. You must realize how amazing this fact is and be willing to sacrifice and invest everything for all the work here and move forward, Amen. Therefore, we will enter the world of the completion of the will, the world of the ideal of love, the world of the heavenly kingdom on earth forever, Amen.

You come to know gratitude for the teacher only after experiencing persecution and hardship. After being persecuted, the results must be right, and you will come out with what you have taken. Do you understand what I mean? Only then will you know your parents' hearts and understand God's heart. That is how you become a person. You do not know that. Before that, you do not know. You must understand how precious this is. You must work knowing that it decides the issue of life and death, the eternal issue.

Truth is unique, unchanging, eternal, and absolute. There is only one way for you to become a true person, and that is the home church. If this is the way of truth, there is only one home church. The way of truth is unique, unchanging, eternal, and absolute. You must understand that. Therefore, the way to connect with the unique, unchanging, eternal, and absolute God arises here.

It is there that we become one. Only then can we say, "It is finished." Jesus could say, "It is finished" because he loved his enemies and separated Satan, fulfilling all of God's inheritance rights. Only then did he say, "It is finished." Do you understand? "Yes." So, in a legal battle, if a questioning judge gets angry, you should smile... Smile in front of the enemy. You must think of the serious place where the conclusion between the world of Satan and the heavenly kingdom is being made, right? "Yes."

Achieving the completion of the will, Amen, victory hallelujah! Long live, long live, long live! (Cheers, applause) *

The Ideal World of Adam
Everyone imagines an ideal world, or a world of peace and happiness. But is the place we live in now a happy world or an unhappy world? What kind of world is it? "It is an unhappy world." Is it a world of peace or a world of struggle? "It is a world of struggle." Is it a good world or an evil world? "It is an evil world." Furthermore, is it a world governed by a true owner or a world governed by an evil owner? "It is a world governed by an evil owner."

In this way, we can understand that the two worlds are being weighed against each other. Good and evil, good intentions and bad intentions, happiness and unhappiness—all of these are in this relationship. In such a world, evil tries to dominate the whole, while good tries to dominate the whole.

Now, in such a world, what kind of world is the ideal world? What does the term "ideal" mean? It means a world where balance is achieved, equality exists, a horizontal line is drawn, and everything can rotate freely. (While writing on the board) At the top, it can rotate this way or that way, and no matter how it rotates, it is a world where harmony can exist. Now, when we look at the East and the West,

How is it structured? Is there harmony? It is not there. Also, in the Western world, the various countries themselves do not have balance. Everything is out of order. Now, let’s take America as a center. Has the issue of race, the problem between black and white, been resolved? Is there balance? No, it is not.

Then, what is the center around which all of this can achieve balance and harmony? That is the question. When two come into contact, the center that can achieve balance is the issue. Without a center, it cannot be done. It cannot just become one here. (While writing on the board) 

Then, what does it mean to become one? If we look at this, we can see that this is the force trying to go this way, and this is the force trying to go that way. When it cannot become one... Is it to break apart when two become one? No, that is not it. You must understand the concept that it is "to become greater." It is not to become smaller; it is to become greater. 

At that time, the purpose of the force trying to become one must be determined. In this light, when you wake up in the morning and come here, did you come to suffer or to gain? What is it? "To gain." Now, do the birds chirping and flying around do so to lose or to gain? "To gain." They do it to gain. In this light, when we say that everything moves throughout life, is that movement for loss or for gain? "For gain."

Then, what is it to gain? Even if you say you have gained, what good is it if you lose it? If you can gain without losing, and if gaining is growing bigger and bigger every day, how will you manage it? Rather than governing what has grown, you will be crushed by it. You will only be living attached to it. 

Then, what can you keep gaining forever and be able to accumulate without losing? What would that be? Would it be money, food, clothes, or something else? "True love." 

In this light, there must be something that can be simply stored and can be given and given again at any time; what could that be? What would it be? Should it be something visible or something invisible? "Something invisible." Then, should it be heavy while being invisible, or should it be light? "It should be light." Therefore, if it is light, it must be something that may or may not exist, and it cannot be something that is not visible, leading to the final conclusion.

The ideal world is a world where true love is centered and the subject and object achieve harmony.
Now, "The more you have, the better. The more you have, the better." What is that? "Love." What is it? "True love." True love, true love. Do you have love within you? Do you have love, or not? "I have." Show me. (Laughter) Does love act or behave when it is alone, or does it act or behave when it has a counterpart? "It acts when it has a counterpart." That is why, if there is a love that can hold infinite content as a participatory standard in this universe, that love cannot exist alone; it requires an absolute factor that is relative. 

As long as it is structured this way, we conclude that this universe must be a relative world. Is that right? "Yes." 

Today, people talk about the ideal world, the world of peace, the world of oneness, but how will that be achieved? That is the real question. Here, we can conclude that the terms ideal subject and ideal object are being mentioned. What is the center? "Love." Is it because America is rich and centered around money? (Laughter) Power? "No." Mental power, knowledge? "No." In this light, even if we dislike it, we must inevitably establish a center, and what is that? It is love. Is there any objection to that? Is there anyone who dislikes it? 

(Laughter) No? Why is there no one opposing it? (Laughter) Therefore, "All matters in this world must move centered on true love to achieve harmony between subject and object, and that is the ideal action of heaven and earth," is the conclusion. 

Now, you have understood the ideal. The term ideal must have a center to achieve balance and harmony. However, this ideal cannot exclude the subject and object, nor can it exclude love. You must understand that. Now that you understand, when we talk about the ideal world, you must always think of the relationship between subject and object centered on love.

Then, what about this evil world we live in today? There is love, a subject, and an object here as well. However, those are false love, false subjects, and false objects. "How great is that! What is the problem? What is the problem, it’s good," they say. You are caught in that right now, aren't you?

Now, what is the difference between true love and false love? What is the difference? "Self-center." Why is the self-center bad? Why is the self-center bad? You must understand that. Now you must clearly understand that. True love must be unique. It must be eternal. It must be unchanging. It must be absolute. (While writing on the board) Then why is the self-center bad? Is it unchanging? "No." Is it eternal? "No." Is it absolute? "No."

What kind of love do you want? You want unique love! Is that correct? "Yes." Then, do you want unchanging love or changing love? "Unchanging love." Then, do you want absolute love or ordinary love? "Absolute love." Why is that? For the sake of an ideal content that has an eternal subject... I, myself, become a minus in front of this great plus. 

This is a vertical relationship, and this is a horizontal relationship. In the vertical relationship, it is a reciprocal action centered around the center. When a massive reciprocal action occurs, 

a massive sphere is created. Thus, the massive sphere is formed, and all existence harmonizes without colliding with anything. (While writing on the board) Does the black and white divide when they dance together? They like it. (Laughter) For what reason, centered on what? "Love." Centered on absolute love... To obtain absolute love, you must become an absolute subject and an absolute object. Therefore, an absolute subject and object are necessary. Only then can you have true love. Do you think that is the case or not? "I think so." Is that right, or not? "It is not." 

If we express this ideal give-and-take in words, we can have the concept of the central ideology in the universe. 

Now, everyone! When we talk about the central ideology, does it feel bad or good? "It feels good." If Americans say, "We are the central ideal world," what happens to the democratic world? What happens to the communist world? Democracy and communism are like a cane we use while passing by. When you meet the God of love, do you want to meet him with a cane? Will you meet him while holding a cane? "No." You will throw it away and go.

Then, what is the ideal world of Adam? The ideal world of Adam includes the sun. It includes the sun. (Laughter) If there is an absolute subject, there is an absolute object, and that is the principle. So, women should not feel resentful. Then, what is that? There are men and women there.

From this perspective, where does love come from? Love does not start from you, does it? Where does it come from? Did you think you were born with love? That is why you are dangling and swinging in this great current of love, dangling. From here, this is a plus (+) and this is a minus (-). It is just like light bulbs hanging on an electric wire. (While writing on the board)

Now, what is the subject of these things? It is the power plant of love. There must be something like that. (Continuing to write) When it passes through here, it comes back through plus (+) and minus (-). Within itself, it turns in and out, and love current flows wherever there is plus (+) and minus (-). That is theoretical. It is not that "everything has something to do with love!" It is because it is in a subject-object relationship that love current flows everywhere.

The path of life must achieve the ideal world through harmony.
When you go to New York or Las Vegas, the neon signs are very colorful, bright yellow and red; can electricity do that? The power is the same, but there are relative elements. Thus, a harmony of various lights and colors occurs. Now, the ground is black, but why do colorful flowers bloom there? It is because the harmony above the ground is the same. Electricity is the same, and so is vegetation. Also, birds are the same. Ultimately, humans are the same.

Everything that has a subject-object relationship is boasting with its own pride according to the principle of harmony. They all say they are great. (Laughter) Do you understand? Whether it is an ugly woman or an ugly man, everyone has a counterpart with whom they can whisper love. (Laughter) No matter how unattractive they are, they sing and enjoy when it comes to their counterpart. When they laugh, they say, "Hey, why are you laughing?" Yet they do not get angry. (Laughter) How beautiful is that!

What is wonderful about our Unification Church... There is a term "individual truth body." Are you an individual truth body? (Laughter) No matter how much you are an individual truth body, it is necessary to achieve harmony centered on that love. Whenever you think of this ideal, you must determine the absolute subject and object.

Therefore, if your face is unattractive, you should think, "Ah, I am a colorful neon sign combining red, yellow, and various colors." How great is that! You and I are the same. To achieve all harmony, "I" must not exist; otherwise, it will not become a masterpiece of the whole. Such people are most important, unique, unchangeable, and...
love? 「Yes」 You are the eternal love? 「Yes」 

So, if God is the center and man is the center, then what is the relationship between the two? It is a relationship of love. God needs love, and that love is true love. True love is through man. Who is that man? It is us. 

When you say "us," it feels different, doesn't it? When you say "me," how does it feel? It feels good, right? Is it a unique, unchanging, absolute good? Do you feel that way? 「Yes」 You are the unique good? 「Yes」 You are the eternal good? 「Yes」 

So, we need to establish a tradition of eternal, unchanging, absolute, and unique love. That is why we are born as humans. 

In conclusion, the essence of human existence is to embody and express this eternal, unchanging, absolute, and unique love in our lives.
Is it good? "Yes." Is it an unchanging good? "Yes." What kind of good is it? "All of it." (Laughter) That's the problem, what kind of good is it? Oh dear, since there's a diamond, this is good! Since there's a flower, good! This is not a flower good. (Laughter) It's not some bug's good. What kind of good is it? What is the center of this good? "Love." Then, will that unique love, unchanging love, eternal love, absolute love just flip around as it pleases? What kind of love is that? It is God's love. Therefore, it is absolute, eternal, unchanging, and unique love. We, who are relative, also have that same absolute, eternal, unchanging, and unique love.

So, what does God call good? What is that? Well, after creating Adam, God said it was not good for him to be alone, so He created Eve and said 'good.' Why did He say that? Do you think He said it after looking at the woman's face, or after looking at the man's face? God said it was very good, but what did He base that on? It is based on the love between Adam and Eve, and we must understand that God liked it when He saw the love between Adam and Eve and said 'very good.' (Laughter)

So, what does God need? Does He need money, diamonds, or what? Does He need omnipotent power? God has everything and can create everything. He can make whatever He needs. However, there is one thing... Therefore, He needs love, love. When we look at it this way, we must understand that when we ask why God created the universe, we cannot deny that it was centered around love and because of love. (Applause)

Love cannot be sought alone. It must be relative; therefore, it cannot be sought alone. If God were to be happy alone, laughing 'Oh, how nice!' that would be madness. Yes, it would be crazy. (Laughter) But if He places something small and laughs 'Ha ha ha,' then that is normal. Therefore, I have come to understand. I have realized that the love within me is what God needs. If I think that the love God seeks sprouts from me, how wonderful would that be!

If you ask God, 'Where are you going, God?' He would answer, 'I am going to find absolute love, unique love, eternal love, unchanging love. I will find that love. I will possess that love.' Without those four types of love, God would not move.

So, if you ask God, 'What are you doing with the providence of salvation or the providence of human restoration?' He would say, 'I will find the partner of unique love. I will find the partner of eternal, unchanging, and absolute love. Therefore, I inevitably cannot stop; it will continue forever. I will continue until this is finished.'

Then, what about you, everyone? What are people? When God asks, 'Where are you going? What are you doing?' how will you respond? "I am going to find true love..." Are you going somewhere? Where are you going? When you answer, how will you respond? "Home church." What is home church? What is all this? Home church is where you can find unique love, absolute love, unchanging love, and eternal love. Because I can find such things, I am going.

If you look at it this way, where is Reverend Moon going? What is he going to do in America? Did he come to do some business? "No." He came to establish unique love, unchanging love, eternal love, and absolute love that can surpass the free world and the world itself. Therefore, our must-go (meaning we must go to Moscow) is our next goal. (Applause) I am not going this way to seize the power of the world and become the president of the world. (Applause) So what are we trying to do?

These days, they say docking. Let's dock with God and Reverend Moon. For that to happen, first, unique love must match, second, unchanging love must match, third, eternal love must match, and fourth, absolute love must match. Only then can we dock. God is the same. This docks here, this docks here, and this docks here. (Pointing to what was written)

So, when that docking happens, will the sound be smaller or louder than thunder? "Louder." Even spirits that died thousands of years ago and all the people sleeping on this earth will be startled. Then, will they run away in fear, or will they be happy? (Gesturing. Laughter) "Happy..." Everyone will hold onto each other and dance, both black and white saying, 'Oh, how nice!' (Laughter. Applause)

Will white people dance only with white people, and will black people refuse? "No." What will happen? Think about it. When God sees everyone mingling, He will say, 'Ha ha, my sons and daughters, how wonderful! Ha ha ha...' (Laughter. Applause) This is not a fantasy. This is a fact. It is not just words; it is a fact. Don't you want to receive such thoughts and traditions? "I want to."

Raise your hand if you are determined to inherit this. I see. You all understand, then. You must be like that.

Once you understand God like that and inherit that tradition, what comes next? Since you have inherited the tradition of being a man, then you become the subject. You become instead of God.

Therefore, I was born for unique love, unchanging love, eternal love, and absolute love. You must understand that. I was born for that. We live seeking that. Therefore, you must become a man who lives exactly for God. This is the same for women. Women must also become such women. Everyone, do you want to listen to the words and become like that? Is that how it is? "Yes." Is it already like that? Really? "Yes."

The Unification Church must globalize the tradition of ideal love.

You kids, I know that you all know that I am going to bless you! I told you not to speak... (Laughter) I feel so bad that I might just cancel this date. What do you think? "You cannot." (Laughter) You are all puffed up saying you will receive blessings, but are you men and women who have inherited this tradition? "We have not." How is it? Are you like that or not? "We are not." Are you not like that? "We are not." For those who are not like that, Reverend Moon trying to bless them... As a leader who knows this traditional thought well, is that something he should do, something he cannot do, or something he should not do? "It is something he cannot do." Then what should we do? It is serious, serious. The problem is not marriage itself, but the person who is to marry.

Now, if a man and woman with such a tradition have become like this, how much percentage of the desire to love and meet each other do you think there is in front of God's heart, who has been yearning and longing for thousands of years to find this partner centered on the restoration providence? 

Men and women who can inherit such a tradition are horizontal. Marriage is the way to connect vertically inherited traditions horizontally. It connects horizontally.

In the expectation of the son-in-law! Centered on God, in this ideal position, the man is here, the woman is here, and the children are here, creating the expectation of the son-in-law. (Pointing while speaking) Why do we separate this? Why do we separate this? To create a sphere, it cannot be done. So, it has been separated like this, but what do we connect to this? This is the same position as this. The love from here combines with the love from there, and the love from here combines with the love from there, resulting in an explosion. What is this? It is marriage. (Pointing to what was written)

At this time, the eyes of the man and the eyes of the woman become one. The man and woman become one. Therefore, even when looking into each other's eyes, they see with eyes of love, and even when looking at each other's noses, they see with love, and even when they speak, they speak with love, and even when they hit, they hit with love. Eternal love, unchanging love, unique love, absolute love! Even when moving their lips to speak, they speak for the sake of this love, and when they see, they see for the sake of ideal love, and when they touch, they touch for the sake of this love.

Even this young lady's head says, 'I want to be touched with absolute love.' The nose is the same. (Laughter) It means wanting to be touched with absolute love, unchanging love, eternal love, and unique love. So, if the loving husband's hand does this, it pulls the hair tightly, and if it touches the nose, it pulls the nose tightly, and if it touches the skin, it pulls the skin tightly. (Laughter) Wherever it touches, it becomes like a compass, as if hundreds of thousands of volts are attached. (Laughter) Even when speaking, it is done with love in that position. That is how it is. The limbs, the body, and the whole person are the same.

So what happens? When it passes through here, that flow goes this way and that way, swirling around and coming back, swirling around and going around again, and there is no place it does not go. So, if there are no mother and father, they will go looking for them, and even if they do not see their sons and daughters, they will go looking for them, and they will inevitably gather their foreheads in the middle. God, mother and father, sons and daughters all gather their foreheads like this. What is that? It is the ideal family, the ideal family. (Pointing while speaking. Applause) Therefore, the term expectation of the son-in-law should be understood as being announced based on this content.

How far are you from that standard? How false and how ugly is it? Even when you laugh, it must rise from the soles of your feet, pass through your insides, and come out through your mouth while laughing. There must be many such people.

When they touch each other while giving and receiving, how do you think it feels? How would it be in God's eyes? Naturally, it will rise. Therefore, you must give birth to sons and daughters, sons and daughters. (Laughter) Do you understand? Can you do it? "Yes." Now you have learned. Now you understand. Since you understand, you who know the truth can enjoy the joy of liberation because of that truth.

Therefore, even when eating, you must think of this tradition. 'I eat for the sake of unique love.' When you think that way, the food will say, 'Oh, long live!' It means that even though the meat has died to enter, it cheers. (Laughter) If you eat like that, you will never have indigestion. Everything will be digested. If God's love can enter, it will become healthy. (Laughter) Whether you see the sunlight or hear the birds, when you think that you want to praise this and relate to it, think about how different your perspective or value system will be when looking at the universe.

So, when you go to a big tree, a beautiful big tree, and say, 'Hey, you little one! How long have I waited for you to come today?'... 'Hehe, that's right,' it feels like that. (Laughter) You wanted unique love, unchanging love, and absolute love, right? Whether you go to the mountains or the sea, it is all the same. Therefore, even when speaking or moving, if you think and move like that, even if you are tired, you will not feel tired.

What does that mean...? It is normal for loving people to stay up all night, right? (Laughter) And when you unknowingly lie down resting your head on your loving wife's lap, you must know that time is a happy time. How wonderful would that be? God wants such couples. What is this? It is the ideal couple. Without the emergence of ideal couples and ideal families, there cannot be ideal tribes, ideal societies, ideal nations, or an ideal world. Is that correct? "Yes."

Then how do we live? We must establish a lifestyle tradition. Of course, we must live as such people throughout our lives, but we must also become a model. We must become a model of love. However, it is not just about living only with fellow Buddhas. This love must be globalized. It must go to the ends of the earth and return. It must return.

To live for something greater,
The problem here is that to achieve something greater, you must sacrifice something smaller. This principle is the same. There is no other way. To achieve something greater, you must leave your family and live for your tribe. And you must go out for the nation and the world. Why must it be like that? If you look at a tree, the branches at the top of the big trunk cannot say, 'Oh, I can just come and go here; I don't need those roots.' If there are no roots, it cannot live. Even if the trunk is big, if the nutrients only circulate there, it will die. It must be connected so that it can circulate. Why must it connect to the roots? Because that is how it continues to develop.

So, what is the family in America? Is it the trunk or what? "Branch." The branch is you, and what is the family? "Leaf." It is like the leaf. That is how you should see it. Therefore, for the leaf to keep spreading out, it must relate to the trunk. 'I don't need the trunk. I will just exchange with the leaf next to me.' Then that will die. It will die. It must pass through that, even if it does not want to.

Then, what is the country called America? It is like a big branch within the global realm, like a large branch. Does America say, 'I don't need the trunk. I don't need the roots'? "No." 'I need the trunk, and I need the roots.' That is what they say. What must America do? It must live for the roots and for the trunk. If it does not live for the roots and does not live for the trunk, it cannot fulfill the mission of the branches. Is that correct or not? "That is correct." It is the same principle.

What that means is that the leaf must go to the small branch, the small branch must go to the big branch, the big branch must go to the trunk, and the trunk must go to the root. This is what the world is. If this is harmonized, the leaves will say, 'That is me. This is all me. I am this big.' If the leaves speak, they will say, 'I am not small. I am big. I am wonderful.' What would you want?

Therefore, countless branches must serve the branches above them, and the branches above must serve the bigger ones, and the bigger ones must serve even greater ones, so that they can all become idealized and harmonized into one tree. It is the same principle. Is that correct or not? "That is correct." It represents the whole. It stands in for the whole. Have you ever thought like that?
Just click, click, click... Don't you all want to become champions? "Yes," right? "Yes."  
You must become someone whom your family can be proud of—your father, your mother, your husband, and your children. As a father, as a mother... This isn't just about our home. You should say, "Hey, we need to emulate our father and mother for the world," and then your parents should say, "Our children are wonderful," and husbands should say, "Our wives are wonderful," and wives should say, "Our husbands are wonderful." This way of living is all about unification. That's why the Unification Church comes from this. You need to make this a part of your life. Why do we gather you here and educate you? It's to teach you that you must live for something greater. That's what we are lecturing about.  
Now, think about it—how wonderful it is when two people live together. Oh, if they are perfectly aligned, that's great, but why should it be that everyone else has to be like that? Why does it have to be that way? Why must we live for something greater?  
When you leave here and live for your tribe, you may disappear from here, but if you go out and create this much of a minus for your tribe, when the two of you come together and can love me, then I can grow. (He gestures while speaking.)  
The two of you come together and return. This is about oneself, but you must serve your tribe. So, when you create this unity, it will completely return as one and love this. A greater love will return to the husband. Do you understand? When this much of a minus (-) unites around the nation, when this becomes a plus (+), it will return and love this.  
I tell the 36 families that I love them more than my own children, and my children complain. Then I say, "You shouldn't do that. If I love them more than I love you, then their love and my love will combine to benefit you. So you should realize how great and noble you are." It's the same principle. Now, you see, when Yejin's fiancé comes, she goes, "Wow!" Why is that? It's respect, and why is that? That's the principle. It's official. (Applause)  
When a wife leaves for the nation, she should be blessed. In the end, it will return to me. Even if you die, it is not a loss. When you die for the nation, it returns to your descendants. It's the same principle. Also, when I love America, which you love, even if America treats us poorly, the descendants will all be blessed. (Applause)  
In the Lord's Prayer, it says to love your neighbor as yourself. Just as that is unchanging, you should love your neighbor as you love your wife and your children! Love the world as you love your wife, as you love your children, and when you love like God, there can be no hell, and anywhere can be heaven! God waits with the twelve pearl gates open for 24 hours. How about that? (Applause) That is our philosophy of life. So after unification, we must seek the world of love.  

To inherit the tradition of ideal love and establish a world for it  
What is the third point? To live for others, to exist for others! To establish such a world, everyone must exist and live for others. I exist to exist for others; how wonderful is that? Without this, ideals cannot be realized. Therefore, achieving ideal love cannot be centered on oneself. It must be for the other. It is not for oneself but for the whole. If you are living for yourself, it won't work. You must push each other; I push you, and you push me. The wife pushes the husband, and the husband pushes the wife, and then it works. To push means to send out strength. Out, out. To be out means to live for others. That is the purpose of existence. To exist for others.  
What do we live for? We live for the ideal of love. The tradition of love, the practical tradition... This must be connected from the individual and family to heaven and earth. As I go around like this, I realize that I have come here with God. (He gestures while speaking.) When I come here and do this, if I get stuck, it will turn the other way. So when I return, I will finally come back to the time I started.  
Everything exists for me. I existed for everything, but when I return, everything exists for me. After returning, everything is for me, and after returning, I possess God's divinity. At that time, I can live without a body in that realm and dwell with God, and I can also live with a body. Thus, the ideal world of Adam can be realized, and the central ideology can be completed.  
So, do you understand clearly now? "Yes." What is the first point? "The tradition of love." What does that mean? "Unique love, unchanging love, eternal love, absolute love." Receiving such a vertical thought and connecting it horizontally and unifying it is the ideal world. This is the purpose of our life and living. We must live for others centered on this foundation. In the end, those who lived for the whole will give for me.  
Speaking as a teacher, I was born in a mountain village in Korea, and even while facing opposition, I live for others, for family, for tribe, for nation, for Asia, for the democratic world, for America, for Moscow, and for the world. At that time, people from all over Asia, or from America or Moscow, and people from all over the world will support me. That's how it is. (Applause) There is no objection to this. "How can I live? That doesn't suit my heart." Let someone who says that speak up. "I am good," "I am bad," let them judge. Can they judge?  
So, should we go or not? "We should go." If you say not to go, what will you do? "Still, we will go." So, you deprogrammers are grabbing people now, and everyone is going wild and making a fuss, but should we go back or not? "We won't go back." If that's the case, then it’s better to die. If you die, you can go to the ideal world. That's why death is not scary, and prison is not scary. So let’s boldly and confidently run forward.  
So, let’s raise our hands if we want to realize Adam's ideal and live with that central ideology. May God's blessing be upon you! (Applause)  
Ideal Families and Ideal World  
Hello, everyone? Now, please sit down. The word "ideal" does not resonate with people in the world. However, for those who study our principles, when they hear "ideal," what do they think of? They think of the ideal world of creation. They think of the ideal world of creation.  
For whom is the ideal?  
So, what is the content of the ideal? That is the question. What is the content of that ideal? Have you thought about it? Do you think of it as a shape of floating air, or do you think of it as something ideal? What is it? "It is ideal."  
You cannot transcend the concept of "I." You cannot forget "I." You always think of yourself. Then there is "you," which is inevitable. And those others, this relationship is made of the connections we cannot escape from in our daily lives.  
When you think about it, what do you center your ideals on? When you say something is more ideal, do you think centered on yourself, centered on others, or centered on those others? What is it? It is to center on others rather than yourself, to center on those others rather than on yourself, and to center on something greater than those others.  
Then can all of that be disconnected from me? It must be connected. It cannot be disconnected from you; it must be connected, and it must be connected to all others as well. Therefore, the problem is that it must be connected.  
When I look at myself centered on myself, within my ideal self, there are limbs. Therefore, to be connected to my own self, everyone must have ideal eyes, ideal ears, ideal nose, ideal mouth, ideal hands, ideal feet; such terms must be established. Then that ideal will connect to all limbs and become the ideal me or the ideal I. (Laughter) So, are you the ideal me? Today, people in the world all say, "I don't need that, and you don't need it. Only I am needed." (Laughter) Such a thing cannot be an ideal. Therefore, there is no ideal. The ideal cannot be realized.  
Then, what about all that can communicate? If it is a hand, what is an ideal hand? What is an ideal hand? When we say "I work," what work do we do? The ideal is for whom? It is for you or for all of them. The same goes for listening. When you listen, it is not for your own benefit; it must be for the benefit of the whole, to connect with the whole.  
Therefore, when I say, "I listen," there must be the concept that "I listen on behalf of the whole." "I listen for the whole, I see on behalf of the whole, I eat on behalf of the whole." Such concepts must be embedded in it. Then when you say, "I listen on behalf of the whole," what is it in today's terms? What kind of music? Is it rock music that the whole likes? Then what kind of play is good? I like the music that the whole can enjoy. (Laughter) What is it? What is it? Nowadays, young people say, "I like classical music," "I like rock music," but (laughter) how do you decide which is first and which is second? It must harmonize with nature and the whole. The whole must unite.  

To have a higher content that can communicate with the whole, ideals must be involved  
When birds sing, do they sing in a rock music style or a classical music style? (Laughter) What kind is it? What type is it? "It’s classical." (Laughter) They sing traditional songs. Crows sing crow songs, doves sing dove songs, sparrows sing sparrow songs; sparrows do not sing crow songs, and crows do not sing sparrow songs. (Laughter) When you look at it this way, they pursue noble songs that can adapt to their environment, songs they can enjoy. Even songs pursue noble songs.  
So, how do rock music and classical music differ? I see it this way. Rock music is music that moves the body. It is body music. (Laughter) Just opening your mouth already does this. (He gestures. Laughter) But what is classical music? It is the song of the heart. It is a spiritual song. Classical music is quiet, and you don’t even know if you are there or not.  
Now, what remains after listening to rock music? What remains? (Laughter) When you listen to rock music, you laugh all you want and say everything you want. So, there is nothing left to laugh about or say. It feels empty. However, classical music is listened to quietly, but after listening, it connects. There is something like that. That is why classical music is static music. We must create all of this. (He gestures while speaking.) Now, this is not the time to talk about music. Therefore, you must have a higher content that can communicate with the whole. Only then will ideals be involved.  
When a student studies and says, "Ah, I study to live well," and when they say, "Ah, I study to make the nation and the world live well," the content is different. So, what do ordinary people study for? They study for their own success, for their own family. They must study for the nation and the world.  
Then, what should it be like to be ideal? Of course, studying for oneself is also an ideal. However, it is more ideal to study for the family than that. And it is more ideal to study for the nation than for the family, and more ideal to study for the world than for the nation, and more ideal to study for the universe than for the world. That is how it goes.  
Also, "I live" is the same. How do you live? What is an ideal life? What is it? Is it living centered on yourself? "No." Then what is it? The family is more ideal than the individual. What comes next? The nation is more ideal than the family. The world is more ideal than the nation, and God is more ideal than the world. That is how it goes. (He gestures while speaking.) You must understand that such concepts are connected here. Do you understand? "Yes." In an ideal family, there must be an ideal man and an ideal woman.  
So, what is an ideal man? Some people think they are the ideal man. (Laughter) There are such ideal men. Let those who think they are the ideal man stand up. Ah, is there no ideal man here? (Laughter) Then, let those who think they are the ideal woman stand up. "Mother." (Laughter) But the mother is not here? I mentioned on the way that the mother will give birth within a week. She is at a time when it is quite difficult because the day is approaching. On the way here, she said, "Oh, I am having a hard time, excuse me in the morning," so I told her to excuse herself and come. (Laughter, applause)  
What is an ideal man? An ideal man, an ideal woman, what is it? That person must be someone who can be accepted by individuals, families, tribes, and people of the world. The universe must like that person.  
When someone says, "He is the ideal man," it means that three people among the whole must acknowledge it with "Hmm! Hmm!" Those three people are black, white, and yellow races. Not only that, but the earth must also acknowledge it, and the spiritual world must acknowledge it. Therefore, both the spiritual world and the earth must be like that. This is just talk, you know, just talk. Shouldn't it be so? "Yes."  

The fundamental content that humanity must pursue is true love  
So, what is the fundamental content that can be said to be true for all and can be pursued? That is the question. Is it because you speak well? "No." Is it because you know a lot? "No." Is it because you are strong? What would that content be? What is the center of the content? That is the question. What is it? "True love."  
Leave true love aside; you should find it once. What must be established for it to be...
Without judging, everyone goes 'Hmm! Hmm!' What is it, what? "It's God." Since there is only one God, isn't it because everyone tries to put everything in their own wallets that they complain? What could that be? Think about it. No matter how much you think about it, there is nothing but love to put there.

Let's see if that is right or not. Grandparents don't like love, do they? "No." (Laughter) How about it, do grandparents dislike love? "No." They like it even more. And what about mothers and fathers? "They like it." What about young people, teenagers? "They like it." How about children, do children like it? "They like it." Then, what about people from the past? "They like it." What about people around the world now and those who will come in the future? "They like it." It's the same. I don't know what that love is, but love is something that everyone likes.

Then love is love, but what kind of love is it? "True love." That's right, it's true love, true love. True, true, true, true, what does that mean? What is true love? (Laughter) How is true (true) different from through (through)? (Laughter) What true love means is, it's through love, through love. (Laughter) This applies everywhere, it applies everywhere. That is true love. What that means is, it is liked everywhere. The true means that it applies everywhere. It applies everywhere.

Now, when we say 'pure gold', it can also be said as 'true gold'. Is that right? "Yes." That true gold applies everywhere. (Laughter) What that means is, it transcends time and space, and through that time and space, its value is unique, unchanging, and eternal. This is what is included. Does it seem like that? When you ask, 'What is true love?' before it was 'True love is true love,' but now you understand. True love can transcend history, transcend eras, and transcend the future.

When you look at it this way, the content we talked about is nothing but true love. Therefore, it concludes that ideals must be based on true love.

Now, if you put true love in front of someone who is crying, would they say they dislike it, would they pull away? (Laughter) "They would pull away." When they realize that it is true love, they will stop crying. What that means is, when you are in pain, when you are sad, when you are suffering, at any time, you can visit or greet them without hesitation, anytime is welcome. If 'true love has come' to someone who is dying, their eyes will open wide. (Laughter)

Then what kind of person is a true couple, a true husband, a true wife? Is a person who says, 'Oh, I can't grab my head here' a true wife? Whether they touch your nose or do something like that... (Expressing with gestures. Laughter) If they do it with their hands, that's fine, but what if they do it with their feet? What if they use their feet on their head? (Laughter) "Oh, really?" Is that so? (Laughter) How about it? Do you dislike that? "Oh, I like spring but dislike winter," is that true love? (Laughter) "Well, it was good for about two years after getting married, but after getting old, I dislike it," is that true love? "No."

Today, in America, men and women have love that lasts only one night, convenient love; is that true love? Is that ideal love? "No." You are young, so you don't think like that. Can you see ideal love, or can't you? "We can't see it." Then how do you know? Can you tell by looking at their face? Just because someone has a good physique and looks handsome, can you call that ideal love? "No." Is it ideal love, or not? No, yes? "No." But to me, it is yes.

You think if a person has a smooth face, then there must be ideal love, right? Generally, you think like that, don't you? "No." (Laughter) When you compare a smooth person and an ugly person, who would have more unchanging love proportionally? "The ugly person." (Laughter) When you look at a handsome person and an ugly person, which woman can proportionally have more unchanging love, the ugly woman? It won't be easy to answer. (Laughter) What do you think? Is it proportionally definitely the pretty woman or the ugly woman? (Laughter) Now, think about it. Speak honestly. Now, the men here, speak up. (Laughter) Honestly, it is contradictory.

What kind of couple is an ideal couple? 

When we talk about an ideal couple, let's say there are A type, B type, C type, X type, and Y type. How great would it be if an A type woman and an A man meet? How great would that be? This is a big ideal among ideals, right? Then, what about B type? Since it's B, it means better. (Laughter) Then what about C type? More better. Then the next is X type, more more better. (Laughter. Applause) Is there a term like last better? This ideal applies everywhere. That is the ideal. (Writing on the board while speaking)

So, is an ideal couple good? "Yes." How great would it be if two tall people come together? How ideal would it be if two tall people come together? "No." Is that ideal man cool? If there is a pair that can do that, what would they use to play such games? With strength? With money? With knowledge? "True love." Is it true love? (Laughter)

Now, when we bind couples in the church, if they look at each other, touch each other, lick each other, and then say they can't do it or it's good, how wonderful would it be if a sleeping bride and a working man are bound together without seeing each other and say it's good? What do you see? What do you see? How wonderful is it to be born as a man and smell a woman? (Laughter) Just smelling a woman is called ideal, right? (Laughter) Now, even if we stop talking about smell, isn't it good just to look at clothes? How wonderful would it be if you married just by looking at clothes? You all like looking at women's sandals, right? You like just looking at sandals? (Laughter) Even if everything else is gone, you can live just by looking at a woman's legs. That is ideal. Also, you can stop looking at the neck, stop looking at the face, and just look at the body.

When you look at a woman's body, (drawing while speaking) the chest comes out, and then the butt comes out. This is a woman. What is this? Don't you know? Just looking at it, how are the eyes, how is the hair, how is everything...

So, is God a normal God or an ideal God? "An ideal God." If it is an ideal God, He would want to marry the world's best beauties and handsome people, rather than marrying the best beauty and the ugliest man. Because He is an ideal God. Is that true? Then where do you want to be recommended? Do you want to be paired with a beautiful woman and a handsome man, or do you want to be paired with just an average person? "An average person."

The world is seen as fair. You see, for a man to live with a beauty, there are many inner struggles. When he goes out, he worries, 'Oh, will she cheat on me? Will she go with some other man?'

When you go out into the world, there are women like gumiho, who want to eat men, who want to catch handsome men, not ugly men. There are no such women. (Laughter) Is that right or wrong? "That's right." When you go out into the world, there are many women like gumiho. So when a handsome man goes out, those women open their eyes wide and try to eat him. No, yes? "Yes." You all feel the same, right? (Laughter)

So how anxious must women with such husbands be? If their husband is a little late, they worry, 'Is he cheating? Is he going somewhere?' That worry is immense. The same goes for men. When a woman gets married and puts on nail polish or lipstick, the man watches her closely... When a woman is going out, he asks, 'No, where are you going? Where are you going?' Why is that? Also, men, who are like animals, only want to catch such women. So how dangerous is that?

When you look at that, it is fair. However, if the appearance is below average, no matter where they go or what they do, even if they come home after one, two, three, or four days, no one worries. Even if someone says to take such a husband away, they won't take him, and even during rituals, they won't take him. How safe is that? How comfortable would it be? (Laughter) When you look at the amount of worries and concerns throughout life, the more beautiful a person is, the more it increases. However, the ugly person, at first, may be disliked, but they become more liked over time. They become more liked.

Look, as you live, money will come. When a handsome man wears a tie pin, people will think, 'Who did he wear that for?' Even if he has some nice accessories, they will wonder, 'Who is he doing that for?' They will all suspect. However, the ugly man, no matter what, doesn't think like that. Whether he has one accessory or two, it doesn't matter.

Even when he dresses up in front of the mirror, he doubts, 'He didn't do that before, why is he doing that these days?' He doubts even when he polishes his shoes, and even if he has just one handkerchief, he doubts everything. Since he doubts everything, how can he live? No matter how the appearance is, the real thing is good, the real thing. (Laughter)

Everyone, what kind of wedding does our Unification Church have? What is the blessing family of the Unification Church? What can be called a family of the Unification Church? What kind of family does the Unification Church aim for? "Ideal family." Ideal family, that ideal family is correct. Then, is it ideal for white people to marry each other, or is it ideal for a white person and a black person to marry? "A white person and a black person." If in America, handsome men and beautiful women marry like that, where should they live? They should live in Africa for that to be ideal men and women. Right? "Yes." There is such a relationship.

Men and women are relatively positioned to each other.

You all want to go to the highest heaven when you go to the spirit world from this earthly world, right? That is the ideal.

However, you might think there is someone you don't like as a partner. There might be. Now, those who are engaged, raise your hands. Listen well, you kids! (Laughter) Now, you all, women should not disregard men, and men should not disregard women. Men need women, do men need men? "Women." (Laughter) Why, why women? Why? That is the natural order. Nature is like that. One is concave and the other is convex. That's right, isn't it? "That's right." What is marriage? It is about matching that. It is like that. Right? "That's right."

Therefore, God is fair. A man has come out below, and a woman has come out above. They are made to fit together. That is the principle of heaven and earth. The ideal of creation is like that.

Generally, do you like high things or deep things? "High things." Then is high first or deep first? "High." Do women feel the same? When you go down deep, do you like it, or do you like going up high? "Going up high." That's right. Generally, it is high. That is how it is.

Now, what is different between men and women? One has come out and one has gone in. Which one is the subject? "The man." Why is it the man? From a horizontal perspective, only the man can be seen. The woman cannot be seen. Is that true? (Laughter) So what is this? Because it is visible, it is plus, and because it is not visible, it is minus. That is correct. That is how it is. This creates a sine curve, a wave.

Therefore, everything moves while moving. When you go to the beach, why do the waves go up and down when the wind blows in a straight line? 'The typhoon is blowing at 40 miles, it's a disaster. Let's take a break,' does the wave move slowly? It blows in a straight line, but why do the waves do that? Why do they go back and forth in a straight line? Even if it blows at a speed of 40 miles, there are plus and minus. (Writing on the board while speaking) This is how it is. It is sparse and dense. The air is made of sparse and dense.

Do you like to look at nature when there is no wind and it is still, or do you dislike it? (Laughter) When the leaves are shaking and moving, it gives people energy. Think about that. Now, then who is plus? "The man." Was that decided by Reverend Moon, or did you decide? "We did."

Now, then who receives, is it the man or the woman? "The woman." Why? Why? Because the woman is the vessel. Does that feel good? (Laughter) When the seed of a baby goes into a woman's belly, she becomes the vessel that can receive it, so the baby can grow there. Now, when it rains, does the ground receive the rain, or does the sky receive the rain? "The ground." So the woman symbolizes the earth. The woman symbolizes the earth.

In the love between men and women in the East and West, does the man go above, or does the woman go above? The woman goes above, right? "The man." The woman goes above? "The man." Why? Why? Because the man cannot receive. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." Because the principle of harmony between heaven and earth is like that, love must go according to that principle.

When comparing women and men today, do women like to receive or like to give? "They like to receive." That is unavoidable. Therefore, women must always think of men. Does that feel bad? Why must they think of men? To harmonize with the universe, to exist in the universe, they must do that. Otherwise, they will be expelled and disappear. No matter how high a person is, they must go through this deep valley, whether man or woman. Those who keep trying to go up without a foundation will fall. Naturally, they will fall. There is no objection to that, right?

Now, when you say, 'I like famous mountains,' what is the difference between a famous mountain and an ordinary mountain? What is a famous mountain? They are the same height, but it is difficult and complicated to climb. It is rugged and has all sorts of things.
Women, you see, like complex and varied men, right? Do they like simple men? "Variety man!" Variety! So, are women simple or varied? "Variety." Women are simpler than variety.

Why do men have beards? Women don’t have beards, so why do men have them? That’s why men are varied. It’s all like that. Men’s voices are loud and booming, while women’s voices are small and giggly. Why is that? How simple are women? When walking, women do it this way, and men walk confidently… (imitating footsteps) Why do women wear high heels? High heels are very dangerous. (laughter) If a man wears them, it’s a big problem. He’ll have leg pain in less than three days. (laughter) Men’s legs are varied, while women’s are simple. Therefore, after women have simple beauty, they need to accept a second simple variety. So, if there’s such a man, women must be simple yet profound in return.

Only the True Parents can decide the marriage partner.
Now, is the Unification Church a high religion or a low religion? "High religion." Why is it high? Is it high in a normal way or a variety way? "Variety high." Why? Why is the Unification Church a high religion? And why is it a good religion? Because it is complex, varied, and dynamic. In terms of mountains, it is as complex as a famous mountain.

So, you find it hard and exhausting, right? Sitting here for hours and then when told to 'run,' you must run until your legs feel like they’re tearing apart. And there’s a characteristic to it. There’s a common characteristic worldwide. So, did you do well to join the Unification Church or not? "We did well." Would you like to stop here or go further? "We’d like to go further."

Here in America, the leaders say, "I have my own way. I have my own style. I don’t need anything else." And Americans always think that the American way and style are better, while the Eastern way is bad. That’s everyone’s thinking.

To be varied, if you only have a Western style, that Western style works among Westerners but doesn’t work worldwide. You need both Western and Eastern styles. What do you want? "The second one." Now, this is a circle. (drawing while speaking) Here’s a circle, and something is jutting out. Which one is better? "The one that juts out." Do you understand? "Yes." Why? And here, nothing is drawn, but here, there are birds and mountains drawn. Which one is better? "The one with the drawing." What if we embed a diamond here? "Ah—" Why 'ah'? Because it’s varied. It’s the same. Now you’ll understand.

So, who decides whether the partner is good or bad? Have you experienced love? Have you tested whether there is true love or not? Who should decide that? "True Father." What kind of True Father is he? You all made the decision; I didn’t. I only made a recommendation. Now, if that woman says she doesn’t like you, what guarantee do you have that a woman you like more than her will be better? Can you guarantee that? "No." But when the teacher ties you together, he looks to see if there is harmony overall and whether the descendants will be good or not.

For example, if a nervous woman marries a nervous handsome man, there will be chaos in less than two days. The children born from that will all die. Many will die. The mortality rate is high. Just like when exercising, you need to have a mat underneath, there must be someone who can be that mat. So, a nervous woman needs a man who can play like a mat when exercising. It’s a cushion mat. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." A family is the foundation of all actions in historical times. You need to understand that.

When displaying actions from historical times, how many can you display? When a man displays all his capabilities and a woman displays all her capabilities, can they serve as a platform for each other without clashing? If a woman is being nervous and the man is even more nervous, what happens? You need a man who can see the woman being nervous and say, "Ah! There’s that too," and appreciate it. (laughter) When a woman is nervous, the man should be like, "Hehe…" When the woman calls out "John," the man should respond, "Oh, yes—" (laughter) Not when she calls "John" he says "Yes!" quickly, but when she calls "John," he should say "Yeeees…" (making a face while speaking, bursting into laughter)

When you are in a high and good place, you need to be able to think of low and difficult places.
You see, the more rugged the mountain, the better the echo. The more rugged and larger the mountain, the more magnificent it is. When it goes "peep," it goes "boom." The echo of the mountain is good. Similarly, a man may have an unattractive face, but he must have resonance. When a woman goes "Wow," he should go "Woom woom woom." (laughter) If it’s real, there must be something like that. There must be something mysterious. It’s different. They cannot be the same. (laughing) So don’t decide what is good or bad based on yourself. The teacher’s eyes are more discerning than yours… The teacher is an expert in connecting people. He can tell just by looking at people. (applause)

When I bless the 36 families, if I say, "It’s not good, so absolutely stop," those who stop are all good. But those who say, "I’ll still do it," and I say, "Well, if you want to do it, go ahead. I won’t take responsibility," those people are all not good. If you do it, it won’t be good. That’s a fact known by all 36 families. It’s been said that what the teacher connects is ideal. Is that really so? "Yes."

Try living for three years. Live for three years and then evaluate. What does that mean? It means have one or two children. You will know if the teacher did well or not. (laughter) At that time, you’ll say, "Oh, if it weren’t for that father, this child wouldn’t have come out… Thank you, teacher." (laughter) Think about it, everyone. You are marrying not for yourself but for your descendants. You must understand that you are marrying for your ancestors and descendants. Today, in the West, there is no such concept, right?

Also, regarding the law of indemnity, if enemies do not meet, indemnity cannot happen. There must be couples who can do that indemnity. Therefore, there must be couples who can bring blessings to the nation and future world through indemnity. That’s why we should like blessings but also like indemnity. This is all how it is. There is no way to always live well. What is good can become bad, and what goes up can come down; that is the principle.

Today, since the Western world is rising, it seems like it will always rise, right? There are conditions for rising. When you rise, there will definitely be a time when you come down. You can rise like this (drawing while speaking), but there is always a high and low. It’s not always high. You must understand that a relative era will come.

Therefore, when you rise to a high place, you must work for the low place. In countries like America, which are advanced, they must work for countries like Africa. They must work for underdeveloped countries. Otherwise, it won’t last long. It won’t last long. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." The teacher himself cannot just do everything according to his own will. If the teacher is in a high position, he must always think of the lowest missionaries or those who are on the front lines, whether it’s during meals or anytime. Prayer must also be done that way.

So I am thinking of mobilizing America and all advanced countries to help Africa and underdeveloped countries. That’s what I’m doing now. Also, why is Reverend Moon suffering here? Because the mental state is most collapsed in America. So, this needs to be sorted out. The high-pressure zone connects through the low-pressure zone. That’s the principle, the principle. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."

Globally, if there are countries with developed economies, there are also countries in economic depression. At that time, the developed countries must support the countries in depression. If they don’t support, they will be overturned. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." Therefore, if the best man has prepared his mind to completely unite with the worst woman, even if that man chooses a better woman, it will still be recognized as an ideal couple. Couples who marry like that must serve the less fortunate for their entire lives. You must understand that. It’s not just about them living well. If they don’t serve, they cannot be the best couple.

The center of all things is true love.
Earlier, I said that ideals must have content, and now you all know what that content is. What is the center of that content? "True love." True love. True love must be connected to such content for it to be ideal.

Now, what is an ideal family? (drawing while speaking) Here, there is a father. And there is a mother. Next, who is there? There are children. This is the family. Why did God create this? Why is it called a family? What is this? "It is the place where God’s love can live." That’s right. It is the place where God’s love can live. So why can God’s love live there?

Well, if God exists, can His true love live in a place with only one man? "No." What is that? It’s not ideal love. The ideal love that God desires cannot just be about man’s love or woman’s love. There must be a connection between the upper and lower. This is one cycle. Isn’t electricity the same? The frequencies are all connected like this, right? Three-phase alternating current means there are three of these. When you look at the top, it goes out like this. (drawing while speaking) That’s why a cycle is necessary. The cycle must connect. If the cycle doesn’t connect, it cannot be ideal. In other words, if man and woman do not unite, it cannot be ideal.

For the ideal to be realized, the two must harmonize and connect. If one nostril is blocked, what will happen? Your optic nerves must harmonize to focus on one point. The ears must also harmonize through the semicircular canals. Hands, too, why did God make not just one but two? Wouldn’t it be better to make one big one? Why make two? This is to become counterparts and achieve harmony. Walking is the same. One pushes, and one goes out. Everything must be in a relative position to form a circle for the concept of the ideal to exist.

What is a family composed of? "Love." That’s right. It’s love. It is connected by love. So, love is love, but what kind of love? "True love." What is true love? What did we say true love is? As you know, it is unique love, eternal love, unchanging love.

Then, among the mother and father, who has more true love? Who has deeper true love? Women say, "Oh, love is something women have; men…." In the East, in Korea, there is a saying. When a child dies, a woman sheds tears and doesn’t eat, but the man sits there without shedding tears and eats. So the woman thinks, "Is that a man? That stone-like man… What’s up? Does he have love for the child or not?" So the wife says, "Well, love may not be visible, but do you want to see my true love?" And then he goes "Huh—" and spits out a lump of flesh. There’s such an anecdote. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." (laughing) It’s the same.

Among the two, the woman shows it, but the man doesn’t. However, the content is greater. So, what if both show it? If they hold each other and cry, what will happen? (laughter) When you look at that, how ideal is God? (laughter) That’s why they are all different. You must understand that different things harmonize to achieve the ideal. And how is that done? Through love. How wonderful is that, through love, do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Then, what does the father symbolize? He symbolizes heaven. And what does the mother symbolize? She symbolizes the earth. Does that make you uncomfortable? It’s because it’s high, that’s why. You must understand that the man symbolizes heaven and the woman symbolizes earth. What that means is that a vertical love realm has been established.

The man represents the vertical aspect and is positive. The woman represents the horizontal aspect and is negative. What does this mean? This is positive, but what kind of positive? It represents all men. This represents all women as negative. This is connected through love. Are they fighting? No. They want to completely unite and travel the world together.

That includes heaven and earth and everything that symbolizes all humanity. Therefore, women are realists, and men are idealists. "Oh, don’t leave; let’s hold on and live together." Living for the husband is good, but for the future, one must be able to leave. That’s something only men can do. If there were men like women, they wouldn’t have been able to pioneer the world at all. They wouldn’t have been able to pioneer the world at all. They would all oppose it; how could they pioneer? (laughter) What does that mean? Men symbolize heaven, so they always pursue the invisible. They pursue something greater that is not visible. Do women dislike that? Is that true? "Yes." So, men symbolize heaven and women symbolize earth. Heaven and earth must be united. Therefore, what is the ideal that heaven and earth desire? It is for heaven and earth to become one. The harmony of heaven and earth signifies the ideal. Then what is the center? "True love." True love! Therefore, true love is the ideal center. That’s a fact. What heaven and earth are trying to unite, and what humanity desires as a standard to unite, that is the ideal.

Marriage is the focal point that unites heaven and earth and humanity.
So, the father, representing heaven, and the mother, representing earth, are the ones who unite. Then, the man and woman represent humanity. When that is completely harmonized, that is the ideal realm. That’s how I think. (applause)

When you see it that way, what is marriage? It is the focal point that unites heaven and earth and humanity, the focal point. That focal unity is far away.
and it is not something that exists outside, but rather something that exists within me. Because we desire it, because it is necessary, men and women are destined to marry. Thus, day or night, throughout their lives, they cannot help but walk that path and cannot help but love their partner.

This focal point is where I sleep and eat. (Pointing to what has been written) Here, there are fathers, mothers, and children. That is what a family is. So, where is the place of living? What is the point of living? "Focal point..." God's love lives at the focal point. That is the family. That is the focus of God's love. What is that? "Ideal family." That is the ideal family. Do you understand now? "Yes." What that means is that at the focal point of love where heaven and earth unite and humanity unites, families eat, sleep, and live. That family is the ideal family. Now you understand what the term ideal family means.

Now, let’s look at that. In that family, heaven is included, earth is included, the male is included, the female is included, and children are included. So, what is this family? It represents a sovereign nation, represents the people, represents the whole, and represents all of heaven and earth.

Who is the president of the family? "Father." You need to know that. It is the father. (Laughter. Applause) As you all know, that is how we think of the father. What is the president? It is the person who oversees the foundation centered on the laws. He must judge right from wrong. Then, what is the mother? If the father is the judge, the mother is the one who acts as the lawyer. And the law acts as the prosecutor. There is family law in the family. It must guide based on the national law and the laws that humanity can follow. The sons and daughters must comply with that, just like the people.

These days, young people in America say, "We don’t need mothers and fathers, we will do as we please..." What is that? It means they only need the present. They do not need the past or the future. That is an animalistic person.

When we look at the family centered on the mother and father, the grandfather represents the past, the mother and father represent the present, and their children represent the future. All three eras are included here. When viewed as three eras, it is the past, present, and future. The direction of history begins when these are connected. We must inherit and pass on this tradition.

But what is it that does not need revolution? What is it that cannot be revolutionized? What is it? It is the relationship of love. Do you need the love of your mother and father? "Yes." It is because they cannot receive the love of their mother and father that they abandon and leave; if they receive the love of their mother and father, they will come back even after leaving. Even if you tell them not to come back, they will come back. If you long for love, you cannot leave love. Therefore, you must receive the love of your grandfather, the love of your parents, and the love of your siblings; this is what it means. Only then can you become a complete person. You must understand that you can participate as a member of the ideal family.

You must achieve the three-dimensional love through horizontal love and vertical love. Now, in your hearts, there is the love of your grandfather, the love of your mother, and the love of your siblings. That’s right. We call this our principle of three-dimensional love. Isn’t that so? If the couple is the present, then that present couple must have the heart to care for the past and the future. If they do not have that heart, they will fail. In other words, there must be a vertical standard.

So, do you like your in-laws? "Yes." Do you need sons and daughters? "Yes." You said "yes," but... Then regarding the parents, there is a husband here, there is a wife here, and there are children here. (Pointing while speaking) But which is more important here, the vertical or the horizontal? "Vertical." Why? Because that is the foundation of the universe. Love comes from heaven, it comes from above. It does not come from the horizontal. Therefore, this must exist first, and then this will come to be. This is plus, and this is minus.

Then, when these two horizontal aspects come together, which should be stronger, the love for the husband or the love for the in-laws? "For the in-laws." Now, these two must love each other and must return to this point. (Pointing to what has been written) They must return for this to happen. They must make a full circle. So, how should that be done? The husband must love the wife as much as he loves his parents. And he must love the children by combining that love for his parents. At the forefront must be the grandfather, then the father and mother, and then the children; all three loves must be present here. It is the combination of vertical love and horizontal love that leads to this.

When thinking in this way, when couples in America divorce, they may abandon their husbands or wives, but they cannot abandon their children. Why is that? Because everything is included here. The love of the man, the love of the woman, and the love of God are all gathered here. Therefore, even if they do not need a man or a woman, they still need the children. Why? Because God's love is present here. Do you understand? So when couples divorce, the issue becomes a fight over the children, right? "Yes." 

Thus, the husband should love the wife as he loves the children and love God, and the wife should love the husband as she loves the children and love God, and when the three-dimensional love is achieved, how ideal it is.

Now, in Western society, husbands and wives keep moving around centered on this. However, even if they move, they only have this; there is no center. (Pointing to what has been written) Where is the center? If the center of love is not placed here, Western society and Western civilization will become increasingly dark. Otherwise, the universe will not accept it.

So, when looking at this form of family organization, such a family is a textbook. It is a model that can create an ideal nation, and that nation is a model that can create an ideal world. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." Therefore, there are four textbooks: family textbook, national textbook, world textbook, and cosmic textbook. Then where should this education take place? It must take place in the family. Basic education must be done in the family. (The recording briefly cuts out)

To expand the ideal family centered on true love to the cosmos, what must happen in the family? The man must overcome the woman, and the woman must overcome the man. And the couple must also overcome another couple of grandparents and must overcome the couples of their future children. That content is now the issue.

Therefore, when looking at a nation, this is a textbook. (Pointing to what has been written) The family textbook is for the nation, so here, there are the grandparents' couples, the parents' couples, and the future couples of sons and daughters; these three groups form a nation. The parent couple, the couple of husband and wife, and the future couple of children are all related and constitute a nation. It is possible to say that one can form their own nation. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."

A family that can do this, centered on one couple, must love the grandparents' couple, the parents' couple, and the children’s couple, and even the neighbors and relatives must be couples that can be loved. Only then can they become the family president. You must understand this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." That is a microcosm of the nation. It is a microcosm of the nation. Therefore, the center must be a couple that can be welcomed by all relationships of up and down, front and back, left and right.

Then, how should we love the grandparents' couples? What should be the standard for how to love them? You must treat them with a standard that exceeds that of your own partner. You must love them all beyond that. It is the idea of loving your grandparents as you love your own children. You must expand that love. You must expand that love centered on it. You must recognize that your family is precious, just as the families of your relatives are precious. When you center on that precious love, a nation will be connected from here. A nation will be born. Therefore, you must understand that this is for the purpose of creating a nation.

To overcome the current global stage, you must digest the environment of that nation. Where should you start digesting that? You must ask yourself whether you are trained to expand loving relationships with your relatives. The heart to love relatives must remain unchanged whether from the east, west, south, or anywhere. You must overcome the various ethnic groups of that nation. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Only then will the center of the nation, the president of the nation, emerge.

This concept must be spread to the world, to the world. When this becomes one world, what would that be called? (Pointing to what has been written) It would not just be a president; it would become the King of Kings. After that, this concept must be spread to the spirit world. Then what? It becomes the God King Center. This God King transcends everywhere. God King family, God King tribe, God King nation, God King world, God King cosmos, it transcends everywhere.

When viewed in this way, the national era is about overcoming the environment, but the world era is about overcoming races. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." In the national era, it is necessary to overcome the environment, but in the world era, it is necessary to overcome racial issues. After that, in the cosmic era, it is necessary to overcome history. You must overcome the past, present, and future. This applies to the spirit world as well.

But if people cannot unite now, how can they unite with those who have existed for thousands or tens of thousands of years? How can we overcome the past, present, and future of history? Therefore, such training must start from the family, from the family.

Thus, there must be a family president, then there must be a national president, then there must be a world president, then there must be a cosmic president, and then there must be a God president. Shouldn’t there?

Then who will be the first president in the spirit world? "Adam." It is Adam and Eve. But to continue eternally centered on their descendants, who must become the president? Their children, their grandchildren must become the sovereigns of the world and inherit the tradition of Adam. Only then will there be historical development in this world. The nation of Adam's descendants is the earthly kingdom, and the nation of Adam's ancestors is the heavenly kingdom. And this earth will become the nation ruled by those descendants. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."

From this perspective, what is the spirit world? It is the nation controlled by our ancestors centered on Adam. And the earthly kingdom is the nation controlled by those descendants. That is how it is. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You must understand this. When you die, you will surely go to find the realm of your ancestors, but how many tens of millions of ancestors will there be? You will have to pass through all of them. And if you have done wrong, you will be judged by all of them. What is the principle for passing judgment? That is the issue.

To realize the ideal family centered on the true parents' realm, how should you pass when you go to your ancestors' families? You must follow this principle. (Pointing to what has been written) In that land, many ancestors, many families, and many ethnic groups are connected, and the whole world is connected. When evaluated from this perspective, what can pass without being caught is this concept. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."

In simple terms, it is the tradition of true parents' ideals. The true parents' family is the family true parents. It is the same. And the family true parents are the family president. Then what is the national president? It is the nation of true parents. For example, if Nixon is the president of the United States now, he is standing in the position of the true parents of this nation. That is the heart of it.

Therefore, the people must serve that president like their own mother and father and must become one. They must unite with the nation beyond their own family, beyond their own wife, beyond their own parents. The ideal is greater than the family. That is what I said earlier, right? What that means is that the ideal nation is one that stands in a position of valuing the true parents of the nation more than the true parents of their own family. You must understand this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." (Laughter) Why are you laughing? Americans do not have that concept of the nation, do they?

Why must we live like that? If we do not live like that, when we go to the spirit world, our path will be blocked. There, we will not be welcomed. No matter how much you are called Dr. Dust or whatever, even if you have the title of doctor, it will not work. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." That is how it will be.

So, you must understand that the original principle of the heavenly kingdom, the ideal world, is that we must serve the national parents that surpass the family true parents. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." After that, the national parents must be governed by the world parents. The national parents must serve the world parents.

What is the Unification Church doing? It is striving to prepare the highest path in the human world for the realm of world true parents, and it is saying that we should walk the path of sacrificing not only family true parents but also national true parents. This is the Unification Church movement. The movement of the Unification Church is to overcome everything to realize the ideal family for the realm of world true parents. To do that, we must sacrifice both family parents and national parents.

When we become the center of the world, how much we have sacrificed individuals and families, and how much effort we have made beyond nations and peoples will be recorded as factors of the new world tradition. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Therefore, our Unification Church must spread such a tradition to the global stage, and this is called the tradition of the heavenly kingdom on earth. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." What is the heavenly kingdom on earth? "It is to create a global tradition." What is tradition? It is the expansion of the ideal family. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you understand now?

Therefore, we are now... The teacher also sees that Korea has become a complete mess.
is trying to save America and the world, even though I forget everything. The hardships faced by the teacher's family are also aimed at saving the historical world.

For a single cultural sphere to emerge, the language must be unified. However, there is one problem here, which is the language issue. Language is the biggest problem. Even Dr. Dust says that when Koreans come and just sit quietly, it is truly astonishing. It looks pitiful. So, how wonderful it would be if the language were unified! How great would that be? When the teacher first came to America, even though he studied through books, he only knew "yes" and "no." (Laughter) So, you can imagine how frustrating that must have been. You will understand how necessary language unification is.

Now, everyone, I want to hear the teacher's words through interpretation; you want to hear them directly from the teacher, right? (Laughter) What do you want? "In Korean." Why? Because Korean is the original language. Therefore, if you do not know the original language in studying principles, you will not understand the meaning of the words. Can you interpret jokes and humor into English? It doesn’t work. It doesn’t even translate 20 percent. (Laughter) And in the future, when you go to the spirit world, will it be a pride to say, "Ah, I just listened to the teacher's words and lived," or will it be a pride to say, "Oh, I spoke and listened through interpretation"? Which is it? "The first one." Moreover, when talking about the ideal world of love, if you whisper the word love through interpretation, does it get through? (Laughter) Is that good? "No."

If you look at our pledge, it says that we will take pride in one culture in the fifth clause, but the question is how will one culture come to be? You must understand that in the world of heart, it cannot be one. Anyone who truly desires a world of one heart must not be ignorant of this.

Now, when I say, "I love you this much," and go to touch, it is not about what you think love is; it is already about the legs going out first. The legs come first, not the thought of love. Do you understand what I mean? It is like saying you enjoy eating the leftover scraps of food. Do you understand? "Yes."

So, is needing interpretation to speak another country's language the ideal family? "No." Think about this. Now, you understand. Without the tradition and spirit of the ideal family, the ideal world cannot be realized.

So, what is this whole thing? It is a world unified by true parents and true children through traditional thought. This is the concept that this is the kingdom of heaven on earth. That tradition is true parents and true children. When you go to school, there is a teacher. The teacher is a parent to the students. (While writing on the board) The students are the children. Do you understand? "Yes." Also, when you go to a company, the company president is in the position of a parent, and the employees are in the position of children. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." All organizations are like this, all of them.

That is why the problem in the world today is how to manage the relationship between the rulers and the ruled. This is the most difficult problem in labor unions and political philosophy. How do we solve this historical dilemma that cannot be resolved? What will solve it? There is only this, only this. (Pointing to what he wrote on the board) The way to resolve everything is only this way.

Without our ideology, we cannot create a united world. Others say I make you suffer by calling you slaves or whatever, but why is that? It is to make you into future global leaders from the position of parents. That is why I teach you to overcome difficulties for 10 or 20 years. You must become global figures rather than just national figures.

When money comes, it is to lay the foundation for the world. I am trying to lay the foundation in Germany, Africa, and South America. If I do not lay the foundation, you cannot afford to be caught in a situation where I risk everything. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Now, can Dr. Dust lay the economic foundation of the Unification Church and establish a tradition that can create the Unification Church? Or will it be done by Jae-seok in Korea? Who will do it? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Now, I am 62 years old, which is 63 in Korean age. How many more years do I have to live? Think about how many years I have left. Within that time, I must lay the economic foundation, and I must also completely establish the educational foundation. The world is currently in conflict; who will take care of this? Who should do it? We must do it. If it is the communists, we must fight the communists, and since ethics are collapsing, we must defend against the collapse of ethics, and since religion is crumbling, we must defend against that too. Who will take responsibility for these issues? Religion must take responsibility.

That is why I gather scholars and theologians from around the world to hold a meeting of God and discuss these issues seriously. I am doing what America cannot even dream of. You say you are active, but who is having a harder time, you or me? The principle is that parents must suffer more than their children. If I have money, I do not use that money to live for myself. I need money to open good paths for future descendants, for future descendants. I earn money with a heart that loves future descendants.

Reverend Moon, true parents, means that I must go through the family, through the tribe, through the nation, through the world, and through the universe from the position of a father. This must be connected. You must cover that. Just as you love your husband in the family, you must love humanity, and just as you love your sons and daughters, you must love humanity. You must love humanity just as you love your own parents. It must always be immediately connected. You must understand that. What does that mean? It means you must love a bigger country, that you must love Americans more than Koreans. You must love people from the world more than Americans. You must love people from Africa and the world more. Such a concept must be firmly established.

Do you think we can create a united world without this ideology? "No." It is only this ideology. That is why even if my younger brother Kamiyama is in Brazil, when I say, "Hey, come to America," he must come. He loves Brazil, but if there is a path to the world in America, he must leave Brazil and come to America. I know that if I say to go to Brazil now, there will be complaints. Now that a swallow has come in, it is a good thing. (Applause) When I say to Mr. Kwak, "Hey, Mr. Kwak! Deploy to Africa!" he cannot say, "I prefer Asia."

Now, even in satellite countries or such nations, Unification Church members are all there without your knowledge. So, when I say, "Hey, you go," you should not say, "Oh, I don’t want to go. I am scared of that." You must say "yes." An ideal couple is one where the wife can say to the husband, "You go. Please send my husband." Such couples have a high possibility of becoming central families in the world era. You must understand that this is true. You know that we are in a miserable place, in a miserable state. But in the future, we want such families on earth. What do you think about that? Therefore, when I say today, "Go to Africa!" you should not say, "I don’t want to go to Africa," but rather, "Yes, I like Africa. Teacher, I have already bought my ticket and am waiting." You must be able to say that. That is the right thing to do. (Applause)

The ideal family is a preparatory stage for inheriting the kingdom of heaven. You must think that you are inheriting the foundation of preparation. If you only think that your claim is right and say, "Oh, I must marry someone I like," can you do that without living? Without knowing? Can you marry someone you like, and then get into a car accident the next day and die? Do you have the confidence to create a happy family without envying others' families? "No." Do you have the confidence to create a happy family? Can you create happiness by yourselves? "No." No! That is why you cooperate. Who is helping you? Only then can you create happiness by yourselves.

So, who is that "who"? That "who" is true parents, the Unification Church, the spirit world, and God. (Applause) How do you know that background? Is my background small or big? What do you think? Do I have a small background or a big background? "You have a big background." What about you? "A small one..." (Laughter) You must think about that.

Also, marriage only happens once in a lifetime. You must understand how serious that is. (Laughter) That is why I am serious. If I say it is certain, it is certain. There is something to it. There is an antenna. Now, if you want to… I told you not to spread rumors that I am blessing you this time, but who spread all the rumors? (Laughter) I told you not to spread rumors, but you did. What will you do about that? Who spread the rumors? (Laughter) "I don’t know." (Laughter) Good. Now that the rumors have spread, the question is whether you can form an ideal family.

If you love incorrectly, it will take thousands or tens of thousands of years to resolve it. Let me say one thing. Even the teacher himself has a history where he could not resolve something for seven months due to a single wrong word. But what happens when you marry incorrectly? What happens when you love incorrectly? It will take thousands or tens of thousands of years. I know that well, I do. So, the happiest thing in life, while also being the scariest and most fearful, is marriage. Have you thought about that? When you walk as a couple, the heavens and earth follow you, the universe accompanies you, and the sun shines a spotlight on you. If we talk about the focus of love, the focus of God's love must be like that.

The teacher thinks about such things and goes wherever he goes. That is how it is. From there, the locomotive of love is born, the locomotive of love. Have you thought about that? Did you just go looking for a man with a piece of meat and a woman with a piece of meat? You thieves! Now, do you understand this ideal? Did you understand or not? "I understood."

So, you children, after getting married, can you touch your bride's face and hair and still think of that hand as an ideal hand? What about kissing? What about anything else? (Laughter) Until now, you have had the mindset of a thief… Have your eyes become ideal eyes? You children! Have your feelings become ideal feelings? You must know how scary that is, how scary. You must understand that the ideal original owner of love can hold the great judgment at the wedding ceremony, the place of the great judgment!

So, if you lack confidence, you must say, "I will go believing the teacher's words." You must say, "I believe in the content of God's ideal words. It will happen. Even if it is not now, I will surely hold onto this partner for a hundred years, a thousand years, or ten thousand years." You must make that determination. Even to the spirit world. The man must hold onto this woman and make her that way, and the woman must hold onto this man and surely make him that way. Otherwise, it concludes that the branches of the tree of love cannot sprout leaves and flowers. When you have a child, if you feel guilty in your conscience, do you know how great a sin that is?

Now, if you listen to the teacher's words and cannot do that, how much will you struggle in that trap? My heart, my mind, and my body curse me. So what will you do?

So, understand that, and from this moment on, you must prepare for the marriage that will come in a few days. Do you understand? Therefore, do not look at your partner; look at yourself. You must think that the person next to you is better than you. When your partner thinks of you that way, your partner is God.
When I see a woman who is willing to accept me as an eternal ideal, how admirable and amazing is that? A partner who appears with pure intentions... It's not about the face. It's not about the face. It's about looking at myself. Before talking about the other person, look at yourself. Before criticizing the other person, criticize yourself. So once you reach a score of one, two, or three, then you can do as you please. Wasn't it the same during Jesus' time? When they were about to stone the woman caught in adultery, He said, "Let anyone who is without sin cast the first stone," and everyone ran away, right? Are you all exceptions? The woman does not live for her own child. Think about how she represented all women. In the future, women will rise up against men who do not behave properly, saying, "That bastard!" and men will say about women, "That bitch!" You need to understand these three things.

From now on, you need to prepare your hearts for marriage for a month. So today, I want you to understand that I am talking about ideal families and an ideal world. What was the name of that person who graduated from seminary? "Paul Ferry." Are you living well with your wife now? No fights? You shouldn't blame that woman. (Laughter) You need to understand that having that woman is your happiness.

Live a life of gratitude centered on your purpose for a happy future.
Do you understand what today's message means? "Yes." I hope you will prepare in that way from now on. When you think that heaven, earth, and the world are all coming together for marriage, you can only feel gratitude. All blessings will come down. That depends on the person. If you think of the teacher, God, and your fiancé, and if you all love and live happily, then blessings will come to that home. If you work day and night for your purpose, you will be blessed. You eat three meals a day, and if you enjoy and give thanks for even one meal with your fellow beings, then such people should receive blessings. If there is heaven and blessings are not given, then that heaven is dead.

The teacher himself is the same. He made all 36 families suffer, saying, "Let's see if any family complains about their suffering." People who went to prison and those who ran away are all forgotten, but those who are willing to endure it are remembered by the teacher. He also told his mother that when they get married, they should find a daughter-in-law or son-in-law from such families. From the mother's perspective, it is not just about thinking of the world but also valuing those who have dedicated themselves for the spiritual world. And so, everything is processed accordingly.

So, he gives money to see. He entrusts all the money to see how it is used. It is not for personal convenience but to give it to those who will save even a penny for the benefit of the whole. And he looks at three generations, from grandparents... God is the same. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

For a happy future, you must all be grateful centered on your purpose. In gratitude, you must give thanks even when you cannot feel grateful for it; that is when the effect comes. Do you know that your mother is a good person? "Yes." If you want to marry a woman like your mother, you must have the mindset to make the worst woman into someone better than your mother to meet a good wife. The only champion in dealing with women is the teacher. You must have a heart that loves and cares for your enemies wherever you go. The enemy tries to care for their mother while showing love. Do you understand what I mean? There is a principle in this.

How much have you cared for your husband? And how much have you cared for your wife? Is there such a privilege? You must be better than God, better than the teacher, and better than anyone in the Unification Church to digest that. Digesting this is your goal. Now, is it okay to erase this? "Yes." (Laughter) I hope you all receive God's blessings. (Applause)

Current Analysis and Blessings
As a religious organization, you all know well that there has never been a group that values the issue of blessings and marriage as much as the Unification Church does throughout history.

The Unification Church is different from the world.
The Catholic Church denies marriage, but the Unification Church values marriage the most. That is truly strange. Christianity is the same, but even other religions, including Buddhism, do not place importance on marriage.

Until now, religions have denied the world, family, and have not valued tribes, nations, or the world. They have only thought about the spiritual world. In contrast, the Unification Church values the spiritual world but also insists on creating a peaceful earthly paradise in the physical world.

When we think about this, from our perspective, all beings that move centered on the spiritual world should be on our side, but they have not been. Also, the physical nations, societies, and the entire world have not been on our side. Religiously, we are all different paddles. We do not care about the spiritual world; we are busy fundraising, selling flowers, and doing various things.

If we look at this from a worldly perspective, our activities are all encroaching on the economic world and the political world, and it seems desperate. This is a serious issue.

Even parents do not see their children as their own; they are looking at another world and following different parents. And even siblings see that things are different from before. They do not talk to each other but whisper among themselves. (Laughter) Relatives see the same thing. Things are different from before. In the past, they would visit their uncle's house, their aunt's house, but after joining the Unification Church, they settle there and spend all their time day and night searching for the Unification Church, liking blessed families and all that.

Even when they go to school, they are always thinking about church. Even if someone is smoking or doing drugs next to them, none of that matters. And even when they go to parties, it is strange that they want to dance. They do not want to do that.

Also, when they see others, they do not know what it is, but white people like black people, and black people like yellow people, and all colored races are mixed. That is true, but there are also some bad guys mixed in there, and all sorts of things are mixed up, but they forget all that and like each other.

And if you are Korean, you should be united with Korea, but instead, they say they want to save the country. The country is already there, but they say they want to save it. Americans also say they want to save America, and Japan is now called a developed country through economic revival, but they say they need to save the country. How do you think other people feel when they hear that?

Not only that, but they also say they need to save the world. They say they need to save the world even if they abandon their nations. Then what will happen to the sovereign nations? They say they will digest all that and create one world. Also, when fighting against communism, they should kill each other, but they say they will save each other. Where in the world is there such a law? (Laughter)

So, when you quietly look at this, if you are not a normal person, you will not understand. How can you save individuals, families, tribes, nations, the world, heaven, the spiritual world, and even liberate God, all while making this path all tangled up? Who can see that as normal? (Laughter) Many people think that if they hear such words, they must be crazy, right? "Yes." Why did you come to such a notorious place, and why? And regarding the religious world, they say, "All religions must stop fighting and unite." Where is that?

Reverend Moon is trying to solve the racial discrimination problem, the political issues between rulers and the ruled, and all sorts of difficult problems that countless people have not been able to resolve until now, and he wants to create one colored race. (Applause) 

How about that? How much wonderful? Is that plural or singular? "Plural." (Laughter) Yes, you can call in the colored race, gather religious groups, and endure countless persecutions and continue on quietly? "Yes." So, if you fall six times, you get up seven times, and if you fall seven times, you get up eight times, there is always hope, right? "Yes."

Why must it be so? This is the problem. Why must it be so? This is the question. Why must it be so? What is right is the current analysis, and in that focus, we are here, so why must it be so? Why must we keep going? If you ask yourselves, you will be curious, right? This is the fateful path that has been left through history that you must take. What is that? There is a saying about fate, right?

Why must we seek that? Whether you are beaten or rolling... The ball rolls, and no matter how many times it gets beaten, it must eventually score. This is not American football. This is soccer. It must be kicked with the foot.

So, what is the colored race? What is it? "Football." Football. Since it is football, the opposing team will kick mercilessly, and victory will come. The more mercilessly you kick, the closer you are to victory. Isn't that right? The secret is simple.

So, what kind of teams are those that kick like that? One is the evil team, and one is the good team. So, when running, which team will be busier, God's team or Satan's team? Who will be more aggressive? "God's team." So, who is busier? "God's team." Is it God's team? Who leads more? Who will be more active? "God's team."

So, when kicking, they do not retreat. When they kick, they must block it. In this world, a person without confidence says, "Come on!" They do not say, "I will go." Currently, such a battle is ongoing.

So, it seems like God is losing, but in the end, He will reach the champion stage. No matter what, He will reach the champion position. When fighting, everyone must be told to attack first, but they do not; they retreat. However, Satan attacks, and in the end, he kills everyone. So, does God have to take revenge? "No."

If Satan kills in the early rounds, God goes up one level. "You killed, so I go up one level." So, killing is illegal. Killing is illegal. (Laughter) If you kill, you go up one level, you go up one level. In this way, while Satan attacks and kills everyone, in the end, he gives up the highest position.

But God has never been able to fight beautifully even once; while siding with others, He is eventually killed and reaches the highest champion position. He is executing such a strategy. Can God's strategy be the same as Satan's strategy? When you see that such a strategy is being carried out, in the historical process, God and Satan are fighting, and in the end, Satan will say, "God, must I be in a position where I have never fought and have won everything? I will not kill; I will fight. I will not kill you."

When you look at it this way, until now, religions could just be right and die, but the religions that will come later must have teams that can fight. They must kick or defend and say, "Take that!"

So, what is Reverend Moon trying to do? He is trying to make the colored race into such a team. (Applause) "You, Satan, have fought against God's side for 6,000 years and won aggressively, right? But try doing what you have done for 6,000 years once more. I will block all of that. Individuals, families, tribes, nations, all come in. At that time, you will be the last." Then Satan cannot say "no."

God cannot help but do that to Satan. When individuals, families, and tribes all lose in battle, if you say, "Now raise your hands in surrender," Satan will say, "Yes."

He is trying to present a champion who can do that, and that representative might be Reverend Moon! Even if that feels unpleasant, it cannot be helped. (Cheers. Applause) So, Reverend Moon, wherever he goes, he is like a ball being hit. He just gets hit. (Laughter) Then, while rolling, how does he go? He goes right into God's door. So, Satan kicked it, but how does the ball roll into God's door? It is strange. (Laughter) The ball kicked by God and the ball kicked by Satan both go through that door; how wonderful is that strategy? (Laughter) So, how great is such a strategy?

Whatever you do, you must become a champion.
Now, that team, God's team, enters like this. It is not a small team; it is a big team. The proud victory ball is worth commemorating; this ball is. It keeps getting bigger. Speaking of the ball, it starts small; it is a small team, but in the end, it keeps growing. If it wins, it will decorate the ball as the ball that won in our team. This is that ball. (While writing on the board)

From now on, how much can Satan kick? Satan cannot kick. Even if he tries to run and kick, he will just say, "Oh no!" (Laughter) Just trying to kick, if you look closely, you will see that all the colored races are inside. How wonderful is that? (Applause) The more it kicks, the bigger it gets, whether God kicks or Satan kicks. Do you feel good? "Yes." Raise your hand if you have ever kicked. (Laughter)

While trying to kick far, did you just go "Ohhhh"? "This is the first time." You little brats, do you really think I don't know? You say it's not the second but the first? "No." (Laughter) What do you mean "no"? I know very well. Until now, you have been like that. What do you like? It was not the first but the second until now. "No." You became first after listening to the teacher's words. (Laughter) You must overcome all of history.

You know, when players are stealing the ball from each other, and when they kick it, it seems like it will burst, but it does not burst. It hits and bounces out. How wonderful is that? Ah, it looks small, but even if you try to hit it any way you want, it does not burst. (Making expressions while speaking. Laughter) The balls of the world all burst, but this one does not burst, even though it seems like it will. When you press here, it flattens, and when you press there, it bulges out. (Laughter. Applause) I think that should be the colored race; is that a good thought or a bad thought? "That's a good thought." Do you feel good listening to that? "Yes."

The other day, this guy named George Owen was kicking Reverend Moon hard, but in the end, it is our victory. It is true that everything hit; the Unification Church is. While we are fighting legal battles, creating the Washington Times, blessing people, and so on... Others thought we would all die and disappear, but we keep running, we keep running.
Yes. (laughter) And they produced the movie 'Oh Incheon' and spent 1 billion dollars to promote it. (laughter) So they said, 'Howard Hughes does it with 300 million dollars, but Reverend Moon is doing it with 1 billion dollars? Wow, I was surprised. Is that true, really?' They say, 'What kind of blessings do those people give? Over 2,000 couples? The Unification Church only attracts crazy people. Only crazy people would do that.'

So, how far are you going to go? That's the question. Jumping from Washington, through the United States, to Moscow, and then to heaven. When I made that announcement in 1976, they must have said in the Kremlin, 'What? Reverend Moon is coming to Moscow!' They would have thought, 'Let's see what this guy is up to.'

Billy Graham from the American church went to Moscow and said, 'Billy Graham has come, has come,' but I will directly challenge them. The Moscow communists would probably say, 'Oh, it's good that he came, let's kill him before he gets to the democratic world.' They are thinking, 'Let's eliminate Reverend Moon before he comes to Moscow.' You need to understand that the current legal battles are influenced by such thoughts. They are all remnants of the Carter administration.

When you look at it this way, how fierce is our battle? You need to recognize that we are in a fierce war. Therefore, Unification Church members must become champions in karate, champions in boxing, and champions in wrestling. But that doesn't mean they are gangsters or part of the mafia.

What about our women? Shouldn't they be champions too? 「They should」 Oh, my beloved husband, my husband, would you say not to go for the champion title? 「No」 No (Know)? (writing on the board) Good. (laughter) When you think of 'no,' what does that mean? 'It's okay to fly into the circle.' So it's 'no.' (laughing) Think that way. What do you know? This is what you know. This circle is a big cycle. Let's create one nation in the universe. How wonderful is that? Why is there 'OK' in English? It comes from the 'O' and the 'K.' (writing on the board while speaking. Applause) Do you think that way? 「Yes」 So when you say OK, you should say 'O' (loudly) and 'K' (softly). (laughter)

Now, what does this circle symbolize? It symbolizes the ball of money. When you look at your eyes, how fast are they? They blink before they go. How well do they defend? You should defend like your eyes do. What is faster, the attack or the defense? 「Defense」 You need to understand that fact. In terms of this ball, it will all be displayed in world museums in the future.

Only love can break down the walls that have been built due to the fall.

Now, you must have realized, 'Ah, that's how money works!' From the present, through history, we have faced persecution and this whole situation has been chaotic. 

Then why must we fight this fight? It is because of the fall. It is because of the fall that we are fighting this battle. What is this? What is this? This is the universe. What is the central position? This is Adam and Eve. So, from here, it has fallen. (pointing to what he wrote) Because of the fall, what happened to everything is that Adam and Eve could not become one, and the family was divided. This is also twofold. This is Adam's side, and this is Eve's side. This became the problem, the whole issue. This is how the eight members of the family from Adam and Eve became divided. Therefore, how many walls are there here? There are eight walls. Also, if there are a hundred people, there are a hundred walls, and if there are a thousand people, there are a thousand walls. In the case of America, with 240 million people, there are 240 million walls. 

Is it any wonder that Americans cannot communicate with each other? Who made these walls? Who made these walls? Are they made by God or by Satan? 「Satan」

Do you have walls in your eyes and ears? 「No」 Why? Your parents tell you not to go to bad places like theaters, but your eyes go there. (laughter) So, do you have walls or not? 「Yes, we do」 Do your hearts and bodies have walls or not? 「Yes, they do」 Since there are walls in your body and heart, doesn't that mean there are walls in your physical senses and spiritual senses? It's the same. Isn't it? 「Yes」 When you steal, your heart doesn't want to, but your hand goes and steals. How contradictory is that?

Here, are men and women the same or different? 「Different」 Women like to look at paintings and flowers, while men like to hunt with guns and ride horses. So, are there walls or not? 「Yes, there are」 Also, what they eat is all different. What women like and what men like are different. Are they the same? 「No」 (laughter) What they wear is also different. Isn't that right? 「Yes」 When men are hungry, they loosen their belts at lunch and eat a lot of Chinese food, while women put on makeup, nail polish, and lipstick. (laughter) How many walls are there? How many walls are there?

Also, when you look at America, there are all kinds of people among the American citizens, but are they all united? 「No」 America has high walls and is in chaos. So how many walls are there? They say it's one world, an ideal world, but is a world with many walls an ideal world? 「No」 Then, wouldn't God think about a way to cross these walls? 「Yes」

In the past, in the East, there was a saying that young men and women couldn't look over the walls, but when a girl turns eighteen, she starts looking over the walls into the boys' houses. (laughter) Why are you laughing? It's true. In the West, they shout, 'I like boys' without even looking, but in the East, it's not like that. Which is more fun? Is it more fun to promote with a microphone? 「No」 Then, what would be the bridge or ladder to cross these walls? 「Love ladder」 That little kid answered well. It's the love ladder. (laughter)

So, raise your hand if you dislike the love ladder. (laughter) Grandparents would probably oppose it, right? 「No」 Regardless of racial discrimination or age, everyone likes the love ladder.

Now, who can break down these walls? Satan built these walls, but wouldn't God think about breaking them down? That's right? Now, if two people start to love each other, will they break down those walls or will they leave them and keep going back and forth? 「They will break them down」 If they can't break them down, they will at least make a hole. Is that right or not? 「That's right」 When I went to the catacombs of Rome, I saw that they dug tunnels.

True love seeks to lower itself, while false love seeks to elevate itself.

Now, when we see these facts, a contradictory movement will occur. But who created this? Who sowed these seeds? 「Satan」 Yes, Satan did, but who followed along with that? 「Adam」 It was Adam. Then, if the start of history began with evil, what was the motivation? It was love.

So, Satan represents false love, and God represents true love. For God to restore this, since a false Adam came out, a true Adam must come forth. Adam is reversed, and Eve is reversed. (pointing while speaking)

It has completely reversed. Since it is reversed, Satan seeks to elevate itself, and God, therefore, must seek to lower Himself. Do you know why Christianity teaches humility and sacrifice? That's the problem. You need to understand why it must be that way. Why? Because God said so. It cannot be otherwise.

What does Satan do when he seeks to elevate himself? He does it for himself. He goes out for his own benefit. Therefore, God must do the opposite. What is the opposite? It is to suffer loss and sacrifice. You must sacrifice. You probably didn't want to hear the teacher say, 'You must serve and sacrifice,' right? The more you do that, the more God is behind you. That is the kind of world we live in.

So, these parents come out, and this is the opposite. This is bad parents, and this is good parents, which leads to that conclusion.

But since all these walls have arisen, what will you do? 'You, fight!' Will that work? 「No」 Then what do you need? 「Love」 Why love? Because of false love. Because of the fall, we cannot be saved without true love. Then what is the difference between false love and true love? This is the difference. (pointing to what he wrote) One seeks to elevate itself, and the other seeks to lower itself. You must practice that centered on love. 

The purpose for which we sacrifice and serve is to achieve unity.

What is the purpose? It is to become one. It is to become one. Do you understand what I mean? 「Yes」 The purpose is one. Do you understand? The purpose is one. What is the purpose of sacrificing and serving centered on love? It is unity. (pointing while speaking) The path that Unification Church members must take is always the path of sacrifice and service centered on love. Why must it be that way? Because we must go the opposite way.

Thus, from such parents, such families, such tribes, such nations, such worlds, and such heavens must be established. Otherwise, we cannot eliminate the satanic world. Is that possible or not? If we serve, sacrifice, and love, will the doors of those walls open or not? 「They will open」 On the other side, they will talk about how their husbands are and how they are, sharing secrets. When you hear such words, you think, 'Ah, the walls are opening.'

Look. When a person who sacrifices and serves moves that environment, they become the center. Can Unification Church members definitely become that? 「Yes」 Can they become the center? 「Yes」 I think they cannot. 「They can」 You need to understand that you are in such a battle. That weapon is our greatest weapon. Our greatest weapon is love, sacrifice, and service. Our weapon is love, our bullets are sacrifice and service, and our purpose for fighting is unity. How wonderful is that! (applause)

Those who are attacked dominate. Therefore, the more you are attacked, the more you must endure, sacrifice, serve, and love more. The place of persecution is not a fearful place. That persecution must be automatically subdued through sacrifice and service. Do you think that will happen? 「Yes」 Will this work for the Germans too? 「Yes」 What about the British, the Anglo-Saxon gentlemen? Will it work for them? 「Yes」

Reverend Moon has become famous by focusing on the nation of South Korea. I am not a person who sacrifices and serves for myself. So, 'Everyone must unite with Reverend Moon.' (applause) Look, in the past, Japan and China all looked at Reverend Moon and said things about Sun Myung Moon, but nowadays they say, 'Ah, Sun Myung Moon was born in Asia.' (applause)

These days, the free world is in chaos because of the communist world, but I am the only one fighting. The people of the free world say, 'Ah, he is a person of the free world.' (applause) The teacher is one-way, one-way. He runs straight ahead. He knows only one way. Some people say, 'Oh, don't let the Unification Church be known, hide it. What is this?' But that wouldn't be one-way.

Now, look. When I came to America, I am not the leader of the Korean Unification Church, but I openly say I am the 'leader of the world Unification Church,' so who would like that? (laughter) 'They are all ignoring us,' they say. However, even if I ignore you, I am the best with the sacrifice, service, and love that you cannot do. I have served America more than anyone else, more than Korea. I have devoted my heart and sacrificed everything.

For what purpose? It is not for the Unification Church. Until now, everyone has opposed the money, but in the future, they will understand that unity will be centered around the Unification Church money. That is why we are doing this. The attack is an attack, but it is not to oppose but to save. The attack on the communists is not to kill the communists but to save them. If we go with this method, the world, this planet, will surely be unified. (applause) Do you think we will become one? Will we become one? 「Yes」

For those who live for others, God comes to them.

So what does true parents mean? And why are false parents false? True parents are those who are one with God. False parents are those who are one with the satanic world. Therefore, parents who stand on the side of Satan are false parents, and parents who stand on the side of heaven are true parents. That is different. That is different. Among false parents, there are false parents as couples, false parents in families, and false parents in tribes.

Now, what kind of parent is Reagan in America? He is a parent of America because he is in the position of the American parent. But can a parent who serves for four years be a parent? 「No」 Parents must be eternal. Therefore, who must that parent be? It must be God. God must be the parent. Also, a person representing God, based on God's name, must be the parent.

Look here, Adam and Eve also have this boundary, right? There are boundaries everywhere. Therefore, it must go through this center, this center. Now, the satanic world has no way for God to connect. Therefore, the original mind is needed. That original mind is not a self-centered original mind but a public-centered original mind. (pointing while speaking)

You must understand that if you center on a public-centered original mind, heaven can come in.

Now, what kind of person is a good person? A good person is someone who expands their original mind. Among three people, the one who lives for others is the good person, the one who is willing to be served is the good person? 「The one who lives for others」 The one who lives for others. The statement that God can come through those who live for others is established. Living for others means 'for the sake of.' That is different. Do you understand what I mean? 「Yes」

For those who live for others, God follows them through that. Therefore, we must live for that.
This is where the saying comes from. Here, in this world, it is said that we must live in order to create a path for God to work. Therefore, if we sacrifice and serve for that purpose, we will completely win. The environment expands. This person's heart, which was once divided, becomes one as they move forward. That environment becomes completely unified. (Pointing to what was written) Do you understand why the saying to live for others came from the Unification Church? Why? How? A person who serves the eight family members can freely enter and exit all family members' rooms. When that happens, what follows? "God." What does God teach? God also tells us to sacrifice and serve. He tells us to have love. Therefore, we must be able to sacrifice everything of ourselves. Is that clear? "Yes."

You must be those who are trusted in home church. That is why I tell you to 'live for others.' If you live that way, God will follow you, think like you, and act like you. So what do we do? We aim to create oneness. What do we do with that oneness? We want to inherit all of this to you. At that time, I will also inherit my leadership and my love to you.

What does it mean for Unification Church members to want to live for others? When ten people live together, the first thing they must do is serve each other. Who is more willing to serve, someone who goes to bed early or someone who goes to bed late? The one who wakes up early and goes to bed late is the one who works the hardest. In the morning, if you see that someone else's button has fallen off, you say, "Hey, take it off. I'll sew it for you." If a shoe has fallen off, you say, "Wear mine," and you take off your own jacket to give it to them.

At first, that person may seem foolish, but as a year or three years go by, they can become the daughter-in-law or son-in-law of that family. That's the secret to victory. Does that happen or not? "It does." Is that true or a lie? "It is true." Is that a lie or the truth? "It is true." (Laughter) Is it true? "Yes."

Do you like home church? "Yes." (Laughter) You kids, all of you... In this principle, if you become a leader, the nation will welcome you. You must receive the trust of your tribe to become the top candidate to receive the trust of the nation. That's why such activities are carried out. No matter how great a person is, if they are not welcomed by the whole tribe, they cannot be welcomed by the nation. Also, if they are not welcomed at home, they cannot stand before their tribe. That is the way to go. Is that wrong? "That's right." Is it wrong? "That's right." It is undoubtedly correct. "That's right." (Laughter) No matter how you think about it, it cannot be wrong. You all need to understand that.

The only way to survive in the world of Satan is to live for others. As the Bible says, "You will know the truth, and the truth will set you free," when you know the truth, you must act. If you truly know the truth, you will be liberated. That's how liberation happens. So what happens when you are liberated? The center of the family goes to the nation, and the center of the nation goes to the world. That's how it works.

Now, did you understand that you must live for others? "Yes." How is it? When God looks at it, does He need someone who will expand the line of conscience centered on conscientious goodness? (Pointing while speaking) The world says to live for oneself, but on the contrary...

In our East Garden, there are people from various countries in the world, and we should think about which country has the most people who serve and live for others. Just because someone has been there for a long time doesn't mean they will be treated well. If someone says, "My responsibility is this, and your responsibility is that, so I don't care about that. I will only do this. That is unnecessary. It is something that doesn't have to be done," such a person will end there. (Laughter) The teacher sees through that kind of lens. Is that a good way to see or a bad way? "It's a good way." When the teacher appears, they try to see well, but that is immediately known. It is all immediately known. (Laughter) I know everything about you. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

That is why a person who sacrifices and serves is praised wherever they go. Therefore, the members are different from the world. They may appear neat and theoretical and analytical, but when it comes to working, they are incredibly diligent, sitting down anywhere, moving day or night for the sake of the whole. Also, they are happy when their fellow members do their work for them, and they are glad to ask the members about things they don't know because the members solve those problems for them.

When the members are told to drive something like a truck, they will definitely go up to drive it. "Vroom vroom," how cool is that? (Laughter) An average American woman would say, "How ridiculous to have a woman driving a truck!" But if she laughs and says, "I can do it too," how wonderful is that? And then what? They even say they will drive a bulldozer, too. (Laughter) Why do they want to drive a bulldozer? Because the owner dislikes driving it, and if I drive it for them, the owner can also create oneness. Ultimately, that father will be envious.

So the teacher still does that wherever he goes. He observes from behind and sees everything that others do not do. In a few months, all the secrets come to me. People come to me and talk about secrets. You all do the same, right? American men and women all come to the teacher to talk, right? Why? Because there is nothing to lose. Even if the teacher knows the secrets of the enemy, he never tells anyone. Once I promise, "I will not tell," I do not.

That is why, even if they oppose, when I appear... How wonderful is that? Even if they oppose vigorously, when I appear, they close their eyes. Has the teacher taught you incorrectly until now? Has he taught you well? "He has taught well." When analyzing current issues in religion, politics, and all these matters, the teachings of the Unification Church turn out to be just that. Is that right or not? "That's right."

If I were to chase you away, what would you do? Would you pack your things and say goodbye, leaving forever, looking over the wall and saying, "Ah, I should follow," and then follow? (Expressing through actions while speaking. Laughter) "The second time." So you should be grateful that you are not doing that. (Laughter)

So think about how much Satan hates Reverend Moon. "This Reverend Moon cuts my nose, takes my eyes, blocks my ears, seals my mouth, and ties my hands tightly." That's how it is. He takes out the eyes, blocks the nose, and completely shuts everything down, Reverend Moon does. (Laughter) So even if they oppose, they suffer losses, and even if they curse, they suffer losses.

So, did you come out well from the world of Satan or not? "We came out well." Are you feeling sleepy? (Laughter) You keep feeling sleepy. (Laughter) So are we a wonderful organization, a remarkable organization, a wonderful and remarkable organization? What is it? "It is a wonderful and remarkable organization." So all the interesting things are here, all the good things are here, all the great things are here, and what else? All the curiosity is here, everything is here.

The principles of the Unification Church may seem complex, but how simple is the content? The content is simple. Live for God, sacrifice and serve... It's all simple. In the world of Satan, there is no other way to survive but to live for others. In the world of Satan, that is the only way to survive. It is like a spy going to that country and standing in the position of serving the country the most.

If you have true love, everything will be resolved. We must understand that we have come to this world of Satan as the top spy commander of the children of the heavenly kingdom. World spies do not save you if you fail. That is different. The content is different. The spies of the world of Satan are spies to ruin the country and ruin them, but we are spies to save them and save the country.

Now, because "Reverend Moon is a spy of the heavenly kingdom," they will all spread propaganda saying, "He is trying to ruin our country and ruin us." That is why such explanations are necessary. Why is that? What is the reason for that? What is the teaching of our Unification Church? The communists come and say, "You all should abandon religion, break everything centered on the family, and only take communism." When the communists advocate worldism, they destroy nationalism and familyism. What is wonderful about our Unification Church is that while it is worldism, it can also be familyism, tribalism, nationalism, and stateism. Everything is included in it. That is wonderful. We are saying to live with love. As long as we love the ideals up to now, everything connects. There has been no such ideology.

When you advocate Americanism, you deny all forms of dictatorship and monarchy, right? You deny democracy, right? What does our Unification Church seek? It says democracy is good, monarchy is good, and love even beyond that. It says to recognize God in the communist system and practice communism. How wonderful is that? How wonderful is that? Have you thought about that? "Yes."

That is why the Unification Church has ladders everywhere. Everywhere is a ladder. Love more! If you love more, everything connects. If you love God more than yourself, love the will more, and love the True Parents more, you will become one with God.

Now, do you like cheese, butter, and bread? Koreans eat gochujang, rice, and kimchi, right? Is that what you like? "Yes." What is the "yes"? "I like kimchi." Do you really like kimchi? "Yes." How about the true love of eating kimchi, gochujang, doenjang, and rice compared to the true love of eating cheese, butter, and bread? Are they the same or different? (Laughter) Are they the same or different? "They are the same."

That is why even if a servant makes ten different dishes, if they do it all with true love, they can do it without complaints. Even if they make ten dishes, what is wrong with that? When ten people live in one house and all sit at the same table to eat, even if they serve ten different dishes, if they enjoy it with love without complaints, that is wonderful.

Do you think the true love of white people and black people is different? "No." Is it the same or different? "It is the same." What is the same? Have you lived like that? A member of the Unification Church can eat bread and... I say that. It is okay to sit here wearing Japanese clothes. Or it is okay to wear Indian clothes. What is wrong with that? There is true love in that.

What that means is that regardless of the country, the people, or the customs, if there is true love, everything is covered. Similarly, if there is true love in the family, if you love other families more than your own, this love will cover everything. (Pointing while speaking) That is the same everywhere.

If you, the American people, have true love for your country beyond the love you currently have, you will become one. How wonderful is that? Has there been such an ideology until now? There has been no such ideology until now. If you advocate nationalism, you must deny worldism, and if you advocate worldism, you must deny nationalism. That is why when we pray, we pray in English, Japanese, and Korean. Now do you understand, everyone?

To connect the tribe and the nation with the love of the True Parents, a horizontal foundation must be established. So, what will you conquer the wall with? There is nothing but this, the sacrifice and service that comes with love. Without this, unity cannot be achieved. When unity is achieved, all walls disappear. Therefore, through sacrifice and service, unity occurs automatically. So, is God smart or not? "He is smart." That is all there is. If there is another way to unite with something else, research it. Reverend Moon has thought about that too. There is none, none. Ultimately, it is a parent-child relationship, a parent-child relationship.

Why do I sacrifice? It is to become the parent of the tribe. How wonderful is that? So, when all of this disappears, you may think, "What will happen when we are united? I can just pack my things and leave," but that is not the case. When unity is achieved, I will stand in the position of the father and mother.

How sacred it is to stand in the position of the parents! This is how parents go! It fits perfectly. Parents always sacrifice and serve with love, right? When you think about it, doesn't it feel good to say you live to become a true parent? That is the same for America. Reverend Moon has treated America like this until now. When he brings the American people together with love, you will realize that he did it with the will of the parents. When that happens, a world and a nation that can never be divided will be established here.

So, from here, it is okay for the parents to come into this position, and it is okay for them to come into that position. Is that right or not? It is okay for them to come into this position. That is all a position of parents connected centered on God, where the vertical heart is connected. You must understand that. You must understand that this center cannot be connected without going through this center. (Pointing to what was written)

Next, there is this vertical structure. This is the father and mother, then the parents of the family, then the parents of the tribe, and the parents of the nation. It expands. What this means is that when viewed from the center that inherits the tradition of the True Parents, parents are parents, but one is the parents of the family, the parents of the tribe, the parents of the nation, and the parents of the world. Eventually, based on this parental authority, the nation will become the center and create a world centered on the authority of the parents. (Pointing to what was written)

So, what exactly is home church? Home church is to create a national authority centered on the tribal True Parents. The center refers not to the world but to the authority of the parents. When God looks at it, it becomes one tribe and one nation centered on the internal parents, creating the world. Do you understand what I mean?

That is why when you become the tribal messiah and establish a nation, the Parents School will be created. To become a nation, a nation must be formed. What is a nation? It is the center of the tribe. Therefore, we must first create a tribal authority centered on the True Parents and form a national level. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." So...
To become a tribal messiah, that messiah must be able to unite the tribes for the formation of a nation. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." The Smith tribe, the Michael tribe, and various other tribes must come together to establish a national standard. Therefore, it is necessary for multiple tribes to unite.

Now, what does that mean? When we say that the Korean people number 40 million, if the members of the Unification Church reach over 40 million, then Korea will be restored as it is. Cain will be automatically restored; that statement holds true. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." If you create an Abel tribe, then there is no problem with the Cain tribe, right? It works the same way. If the democratic world is restored, then the communist world will not be a problem. What kind of tradition needs to be established for that? The tradition of the parents must be established and connected. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

This means that centered on the True Parents, it has gradually expanded. It has gradually expanded. Therefore, you must understand that without the traditional parental ideology, this central line cannot be connected. This parent must have a heart of love to connect the tribe and the nation; otherwise, the horizontal foundation cannot be established. (While writing on the board) You must understand that. The horizontal connection cannot be made.

Marriage must be for the whole.

Now, what do we have here? There are two tribes. If there had been no fall, there would be one tribe, but there are two tribes. The tribe of the True Parents is here. This is the Abel realm, and what else is here? Here is the Cain realm. In the fallen world, there is the lineage of the True Parents, then there is the Abel realm of the Unification Church, and then there is the Cain realm of the satanic world. These two must become one. How has this happened? Here, Cain must go through Abel, and Abel must go through this. It must go through these three stages. To connect this, we must find the nation. (While writing on the board) To find the nation, we must go through the Old Testament age, the New Testament age, and the Completed Testament age.

This is vertical and horizontal. Now, if this vertical line only has men, then it cannot be anything. Why do we need to marry and have families? Because we need a counterpart. So, from this perspective, this is a boundary line, but it can connect with men; it can connect with the realm of men. (While writing on the board)

However, it can exist here, but it does not exist. Therefore, the female side is needed. It goes up like this. It goes up, right? Starting with a man, a man and a woman are both needed, but then it must come down and connect the world and return. (While writing on the board) Otherwise, there is no way for either men or women to return. It means that restoration cannot happen.

You might think, "How nice it would be if I could just turn around from here." (Laughter) But why can't that happen? Because God has connected all of this. (Pointing to what he wrote) Therefore, as sons and daughters of God, you must inherit that tradition; it cannot just be, "Oh, we only need the tradition centered on our couple." You must consider what you prefer. Is it just our couple? "No." (Laughter) Therefore, our marriage must be for the whole. Why does the teacher marry all of you centered on himself? Why does the teacher play the role of marrying you? Why must it be that way? You must understand that. This is the problem. Why? That is the problem. "I can do this my way; what does Reverend Moon have to do with it? Let's do it our way," right? "No." Why "no"? Why is it "no"? (Laughter) Because it is to inherit the whole from the parents. All the utensils must inherit everything through the parents. Right? "Yes."

The True Parents must establish a responsible condition to break down all walls.

So what happens to the True Parents? They must be able to establish a responsible condition to break down all walls to become the True Parents. If we look at our Unification Church, Christianity is the same, and Catholicism, Buddhism, Confucianism, and Islam are all included. That Buddhist lady also came here, right? Do you know that? Do you know that? Do you know or not? "Yes." If you don't know, you'll be embarrassed. When you come here, religions can become one. Then, regarding the tribal issues, racial issues, the five colors of races can become one.

It is not just about nations. Even enemy nations can come together and become one. Enemies can become one. Now, would a French person and a German person marry each other without the ideology of the Unification Church? If the ideology of the Unification Church is included, then a French person and a German person will think about marrying each other. Why? Because the restoration is great and more beautiful. (Laughter) Extremes meet, you know, extremes meet. (Laughter) Reverend Moon did that. He did it all his life. He did it. Right? "Yes." That was not only centered on Korean people. Korea mixed all its regions, Japan mixed all its regions, and the world has been mixed. Now, how difficult is that? The racial issues, religious issues, national issues, and then the marriage issues have all been resolved transnationally.

Even if the parents of a white and a black child are enemies, if the black sons and daughters and the white sons and daughters marry and live well, will those enemies become one or not? Even if they don't become one before they die, they will die as one. Do you understand? When making a will, they will say, "Hey, our parents were wrong, but you did well. God will love you," and they will bless and die. (Laughter. Applause) When you see that, Reverend Moon is someone who tries to do that, right? Did he do it? "He did." Yes, he did. (Cheers. Applause)

It contains such facts behind it. Therefore, through marriage, to inherit the connection of the parents, it is natural for the parents to decide your couple. So, when you want to receive blessings through the teacher, that is what it means.

The root of true love is the True Parents.

Now, the teacher is here beyond this. When this is done, it becomes flesh here, and it becomes the Cain realm of the nation and the Abel realm of the world. This must be transcended. You must transcend and come out of this. For several years, the teacher has been polishing this alone. (Pointing to what he wrote)

Therefore, from now on, the second phase of the first seven-year course has expanded in such a way as to be family expansion and tribal expansion. This is the era of the second generation, your era, centered on the tribe, and it is the eighth stage. This is precisely the second phase of the third seven-year course. (While writing on the board) Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

You all must share the ideology of the parents. That is why the term home church came about. Now, look. Centered on the conditions of these parents, there are the True Parents, the blessed families, and the global Cain realm. Once the tribe is formed, the nation will automatically be established. Right? What do you think? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Since we have entered the second phase of the third seven-year course, you must understand that this standard is set for the expansion of home church activities. If there had been no fall, this could work, and that would be okay too. Then, this family would also be okay. It means that you can return anywhere. You can return anywhere from here. (Pointing to what he wrote)

If the world is established centered on this and inherits the tradition of the True Parents, then all the descendants will become centers and govern. That would have been the case, right? Because this is not there, it comes here by indemnifying such things. Each of you must walk this path. You must go through this path of indemnity. Personal, family, tribal, national, all must go through the path of indemnity. Have you all indemnified like this? Have you done this? "No, we haven't." Then who did? Who did it? "Father." The teacher did it all. He has passed this on to you and brought it this far. (While writing on the board) Therefore, you must become couples united with your parents.

What is the fall? It is when they did things their own way. Therefore, centered on God and the True Parents, you must patch up what could not be done. You must fill in the gaps. So, men must become the embodiment of the Father, and women must become the embodiment of the Mother. Does God enter through your eyes or anywhere else? You must welcome Him; can you say, "Oh, you can't come in"? "No." Do you want to leave a wall? "No." God's love comes through you. You must study all of that. You must not be negligent. You must do that.

If you inherit that tradition, the True Parents will come to you. The True Parents will come to you as God's messengers and pass on the inheritance to you. But can you block the path your parents are taking? Can you prevent your body from reaching them? Your body was raised by your parents; can you prevent it from reaching them? Even if the parents touch everything, you must remain still. (Laughter) Parents can touch that place. Right? (Laughter) Even if they dig into your body and heart, you cannot say you dislike it. Even to the heart issue… is there a boundary there?

Therefore, when the teacher comes to your house and says, "I am the True Parent. May I come in?" you cannot say, "Who are you?" (Laughter) Even if you eat and sleep, you should say, "Please come here and sleep in the middle." You must show everything that is hanging out and show all sorts of things. (Laughter) Even while undressed, you must forget that and act that way because you are so happy. (Laughter) That is what the True Parents are like; that is what the True Parents are. Therefore, the True Parents become the root of true love. You must understand that they become the seed.

How difficult it must have been for me during that time. I have brought you such a precious gift by breaking down all the walls that have been entangled for thousands of years. But can you say, "I don't want such a counterpart. I want to choose myself"? "No." How do you feel when you listen to the teacher? Is that a person who can do it or not? "They cannot do it."

When you draw lots for marriage, did I tell you to decide, or did I decide? Did the teacher tell you to decide? Can you say that after you have already decided? If you deny yourself and deny your partner, you deny both men and women. Didn't you decide that for yourselves? How can someone who denies themselves and denies their partner receive blessings again? That is theoretically impossible. If you dislike it, you should have said so then. Anyone can stop at any time if they dislike it, but why didn't you stop then? Would the teacher throw it away after deciding? Is that what the True Parents do? Is that what God does?

Even if it fails, it should fail gracefully if a promise was made. If God knows that, then the descendants will be blessed. Your descendants will all be blessed. When thinking about the world of the heart, you cannot do that. You must understand that being noisy about marriage issues in front of the teacher twice is the most embarrassing thing.

The basis of Home Church 360.

Now, if this is off, the whole thing will fly away. So, you must understand that in this world, you come down like this, go up, and come to this place to receive blessings. (Pointing to what he wrote) Who is that because of? Is it because of you? Yes, centered on the True Parents, in such a place… Here, centered on the True Parents. There are no stages here, but what kind of organization is there? There is an organization at this level. You are connected by standing in such a position at this level. (While writing on the board)

The parents have created this. They have set all of this up as an indemnity condition and arranged it in the form of eight stages, which is what home church activities are. So, this has been aligned as points. Do you understand what I mean? "I don't like this! I don't like this!" is to deny this itself. (While writing on the board) It denies not only itself but also the parents themselves. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

From now on, when you receive blessings, you must go to this place. Do you understand? You must become True Parents through home church. The teacher has laid the global foundation; can you not do that? The teacher did it while being persecuted; can you not do it while being welcomed? You are now in a time of being welcomed. You must understand that. If you are persecuted, you must do it through that persecution. Now, when you get married, you will all be welcomed.

So, you must understand that home church wins from here. That is the position of Adam and Eve. However, there is a tail attached to it. To grab that tail, you must say, "Let's go up quickly, let's go up quickly." To do that, you must do everything you can as parents. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You know that. This (home church) is the base of heaven. Just like Cape Kennedy is the launch base for artificial satellites.

What will you inherit from the teacher? Therefore, when you, the members of the Unification Church, go out into the tribal messiah realm, you will stand on the foundation where Jesus had twelve disciples, and the two tribes, the family of John the Baptist and the family of Joseph, became one. So, this movement must create 84 people, twelve disciples and seventy-two followers, over seven years. To do that, if you evangelize one person each month, you will have 84 people in seven years. Jesus died because the twelve disciples and seventy-two followers did not become one. Isn't that right?

Therefore, if you want to receive blessings, you must do it in this place. Who are the three sons here? They are the sons from Noah's family. What is this? It is for the restoration of Adam's family. So, by combining these parents and counterparts, it becomes eight people. Through the three generations of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, at the time of Jacob, the twelve sons came out. This is where the tribal center emerges. (While writing on the board)

Then, when we come to the time of Moses, the center of the nation emerges centered on the seventy-two elders. This is the center of the nation. So, the twelve tribes enter the seventy-two followers, and the three sons enter the twelve sons. These three enter the twelve positions. Therefore, Jesus also tried to make Peter, James, and John the three chief disciples among the twelve disciples to make one. Why did he do that? You must understand that. It was for the restoration of Adam's family. He tried to make Cain and Abel one, and then he did not do the work to make the twelve disciples one, right? Then he died. He was sold here. He could not even go this far. (Pointing to what he wrote)

From here, what emerges is the one hundred twenty followers centered on the nation. This is what laid the foundation for the global national representatives centered on the one hundred twenty followers spiritually at Pentecost.
It is. (Speaking while writing on the board) Therefore, the time must come when the Christian nations exceed 120 countries. This happened after World War II. The Lord who is coming back will come based on these 120 nations. Then why does 360 come out? Why does 360 come out? It’s about restoration, growth, and completion: 120, 120, 120; when you add these, you get 360.

Absolute purity, absolute faith, absolute heart.

So what about the age of the Second Coming? The mistake of Adam was a mistake of the world nations, and the mistake of the age of Jesus was also a mistake of the world nations. The persecution that the teacher has received until now has been received as a representative of the world. Therefore, we must complete the three Adams. All the persecution that the teacher has received until now remains with you. Just as Jesus left conditions for indemnity for spiritual salvation, the teacher’s lifelong persecution by the nation and the world remains globally, so you have the responsibility to overcome this. You are inheriting it. You are inheriting the position and work of Adam. You must have the attitude that says, "Centered on the first Adam, even if I enter into the problem of love that fell, I will not become a fallen Adam like Eve." You must boast of the authority of man. A woman should not follow just because a man does something. If a woman introduces another woman, she must absolutely refuse to do such a thing. Also, if Eve whispers with a third party brought by Satan, it must be absolutely forbidden. There must be no fall.

Do you think Adam and Eve thought about getting married again or getting another wife? Do you think they thought about it? "No." They must become absolute husbands and wives. Even if my body is torn apart, my limbs are severed, and my eyes are plucked out, I must not fall. Even if I am blocked on earth, I must know that I can have complete love in the spirit world.

What should you learn from the first Adam? You must learn absolute purity. Do you agree? "Yes." What about the second Adam? What should you learn from the second Adam? You must learn absolute faith. No matter what anyone says, there is no objection to God. Next, from the third Adam, you must learn absolute heart. (Speaking while writing on the board) Therefore, you are doing what the teacher says. 

So what does the first one say? You must have a heart of sacrifice and service centered on love and become parents. And absolute faith... Just as in the time of Jesus, when he said, "Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is near," you must repent with faith. Then heaven will forgive you, and afterward, you will receive salvation. Repentance, forgiveness, and salvation are issues on the path of faith. From a faith perspective, you must repent, receive forgiveness, and gain salvation. If I receive forgiveness in front of my parents, who do I receive forgiveness from? That is the position of Adam and Jesus. Because they stood in for Adam and Jesus, I rise to the position of Adam and rise to the position of Jesus. After that, I must inherit the heart and create the children of the world. I must create the children of the world and the children of the nation, within the heart realm of the True Parents. That is how it is. You must live in such a heart realm.

Therefore, by entering the position of Adam and Eve, who have absolute purity, absolute faith, and absolute heart, you can communicate with each other. Originally, if Adam had not fallen, the world in the form of 120 nations would have united like this. If nations do not form, there cannot be states or provinces. This was also true in the time of Jesus. It would have united in the Roman era centered around 120 nations.

This is the same in the teacher's era. The democratic world must unite and indemnify the representatives of 120 nations. From this perspective, the leaders representing the past, present, and future, the Old Testament era, the New Testament era, and the era of the Divine Principle are gathered in what is called the 360 houses. Therefore, what must be done there? You must teach absolute purity, absolute faith, and absolute heart. And you must become one. With what? With heart. No matter how much faith and purity you have, you cannot create oneness. You must create oneness with heart and love.

Then why is this necessary? This is to restore the standard of Adam. Also, in order to establish the condition that Jesus did not win, it is unavoidable to pass through the age of the Second Coming. Therefore, there must be forms of persecution from the Old Testament era, the New Testament era, and the era of the Divine Principle. If this is not present, you must create it and receive persecution. If there are opposing people, do not run away; you must go find them, touch foreheads, and quickly create oneness. Then everything will become one. You must know that. The more they oppose, the more you should earnestly seek them out.

You are trying to find people who support home church activities, right? That is wrong. It is wrong. Even if they chase you away, you must say, "Ha ha ha." You must find your sons and daughters. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Therefore, you must find men and women and create 720 families. This is seen as representing 72 people. That represents the world. The 72 disciples represent the world era, the world nations, and tribes. Isn’t that right? This is not a problem. (Speaking while writing on the board) If you become one with each other, there is no problem.

When you get married, you don't need to think about "Oh, the problem of living..." You don't need to think about living problems. If you do this, all problems of living and education will be solved. When you think, "Oh, the teacher will help," it is true, but if the teacher helps you and you cannot indemnify, you cannot lay the foundation. The church cannot help you. Do you understand? "Yes." Can you take care of 720 families? "Yes." Here, the numbers 3, 12, 72, and 120 are all included. (Speaking while writing on the board) Right? Isn’t that right? "Yes." If you don’t do it, I don’t know. Now you understand, right?

Because you have absolute purity, absolute faith, and absolute heart, you can go to the position of blessing, which is better than the fallen Adam and Eve or Jesus. You have already inherited the foundation of family and tribe. And you have inherited the foundation of nation and world. This is the foundation that Jesus did not receive. Jesus did not have these True Parents. Do you understand? "Yes." But you have True Parents, and you must recognize it as a privilege that you can inherit your tribe, your nation, your world, and your heavenly kingdom. 

First, you have True Parents, and next, through those True Parents, you have received the inheritance to expand your tribe, nation, world, and heavenly kingdom. You must understand that you have inherited what Jesus did not have. Now, the age of persecution has passed. Once the age of law ends, the age of persecution will pass. Do you think so?

From then on, people will want to know each other, saying "Munhee, Munhee," and take them to their homes. Recently, there has been such a play in the Washington Times, right? They are saying, "Come, Munhee." Without Munhee, there is no fun. (Laughter, applause) Now, doesn’t it seem like the persecution in the teacher's era will end? Right? "Yes." Even in the free world, people are saying that it was too much regarding Reverend Moon. It was too much.

This time, they said, "Reverend Moon met Jesus, met Buddha, and then met Moses and Confucius." If Reverend Moon has become friends with Buddha, Moses, and Jesus, then what is wrong with Reverend Moon being great? (Cheers, applause) If you look closely, all the representative religions of the world, including Judaism and Christianity, will unite.

If Jews oppose, say, "You haven't even met Moses, so how can you oppose Reverend Moon?" If Christians oppose, say, "You haven't even met Jesus, so how can you oppose Reverend Moon?" If Buddhists oppose, say, "You haven't even met Buddha, so how can you oppose Reverend Moon?" Just say one word. (Laughter)

They swore in court. So they cannot lie. "Is it a lie, you rascal? Did you lie, you rascal? You are not worth it!" That is how it should be done. (Cheers, applause)

Now, even Jews are very interested in us. And not long ago, two young Muslims came and asked, "So did you meet Muhammad?" When I said, "Of course I met Muhammad," they were pleased. (Cheers, applause) When the teacher speaks here in Belvedere, do you know how historical this moment is?

So now, the age of religious persecution has completely passed. Scholars are forming gatherings, creating summit clubs, and forming religious councils, doing great things. The teacher is fighting against America and fighting against communism. Is there anyone who can oppose Reverend Moon? Recently, didn’t the Washington Times say that there was immediate contact from the Kremlin in the Soviet Union? "Yes (interpreter)." (Cheers, applause)

Blessing is for preparing an ideal foundation in every aspect.

From now on, you must understand this. Everyone, what is today’s title? It is "Current Analysis and Blessing." I have analyzed and explained the religious world, political world, and spiritual world. So what is the blessing I mentioned? What is the foundation of home church for this? For this, a home church foundation is necessary. Without that foundation, you cannot establish the heavenly kingdom on earth when the teacher is gone. Therefore, if you establish this home church foundation well, even if the teacher dies, the teacher's will will dominate the world.

This world can receive blessings.

What you are trying to receive blessings for is to appear as an ideal couple who represent the authority of Adam, the original Adam, and have won in culture, politics, and economics. You must understand that this is what blessing means. You cannot go alone. In going to heaven, the man is the right leg and the woman is the left leg. Alone, you become a limping person, not a complete person.

You must not show such shame to your descendants. To your descendants, the world of all things, and the entire spirit world... You must not show this to your sons and daughters or descendants, and you must not show it to the world or the spirit world. If you cannot become one, it will be a shame in the spirit world and in front of the world. (Speaking while writing on the board)

Establishing such an ideal foundation is what blessing is. Where is this ideal blessing? Where is this ideal blessing? (Laughter) You can have heaven, inherit the tradition of True Parents, and possess the whole world. So what is there to envy? Since there are no words to express it, it is expressed in one word: blessing. When you see your eyes on the day of blessing, they will be the most joyful and wide-open eyes, not dull eyes. The eyes will be joyful and the day of blessing will be the day when they are the widest. (Laughter)

With such eyes, what do you seek? "God." Not God, but my fiancé. (Laughter) At that time, your nose will be flaring with joy. Why? Because of that fiancé. (Laughter) At that time, your ears will be the largest. It will be the most mysterious. You cannot even speak. The person touching me will be the most sensitive. And you will feel the greatest excitement. This blessing comes because of you. It does not come because of me; it comes because of you. 

When you shout "Mansei," it is not like this and falling over, but like this, like this, shouting "Mansei." (Imitating the action. Laughter) It is okay even if about 2,000 people fall over at once. (Laughter) It is okay even if legs break. (Laughter) How wonderful is it that such a blessed day opens? A happy time is coming! If you wait for this, just thinking about it makes your heart race and you laugh... (Making expressions while speaking. Laughter) Can you do that? "Yes." Who can raise their hand and say they can do that? (Laughter)

You people! When you think that there are people who got married with just a photo without seeing each other, can you do whatever you want? If you don’t like it even after seeing it, then you should die. Now, even if he is ugly, he is a man’s face. You must recognize that. You must recognize that. Even if you look like this, he is a man. You must know that he is a man. (Laughter, applause) Then it will be fine. You must know how to see, how to smile, how to touch, how to kiss, and how to love. That is not fake affection; it is true affection. (Laughter)

Is it ideal for good-looking people to become couples with ugly people?

Everyone, if there is true love, will it be found in handsome or beautiful people, or in ugly people? In which person will true love be found? (Laughter) In the end, that will all be useless. (Making expressions while speaking. Laughter) Therefore, do not dislike the object from the very beginning; listen to the teacher's words and think about them while disliking them. Even if it does not happen according to the teacher’s words, if you think, "I will make it happen," it will all work out.

Now, where can you find men with such ideals? Even if there are handsome men in America, it is not easy to find them. Those people will not last long; they will try to gouge out your eyes and sell them, cut off your ears and sell them, and cut off your hands and sell them. But these (ugly) people will gouge out their own eyes and give them to you. They will cut off their ears to give them to you. (Laughter) That is the truth. Now, if you analyze this, no matter how you look at it, to go to the position of blessing, there is only Munhee. Even without speaking, you can know that there is only Munhee. (Applause)

Therefore, there are only two kinds of people: good-looking and ugly people. There are only two kinds of people. If you look at this, we are not doing it centered on these two, but we are looking at this aspect. Therefore, what is bad is destined to grow better. That is the principle. Praise is greater than in the past, and it is seen as more wonderful. (Pointing to what was written on the board)

The same is true in the spirit world. Do people in the spirit world have hearts? Do they? "Yes." Does God have a heart? "Yes." Do True Parents have hearts? "Yes." Do people in the Unification Church have hearts? "Yes." Since there are hearts like this, when God looks quietly, if there are good-looking couples living well and ugly couples living well, which ones do you think He would prefer? "Ugly couples."

If God helps with such thoughts, which people would He help? He helps those who look at their descendants. He gives them good sons and daughters. If God entrusts beloved sons and daughters, I believe He will entrust them to such couples to raise them. He will want to raise them with true couples, even if they are ugly, rather than with couples who are good-looking and happy.
The teacher says the same thing. Even if I form a relationship in the future, I will seek out such relationships and such people. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." Also, when a couple made up of capable people fights, they often argue loudly, saying, "What do I have to lose to you? What do I have to lose?" But couples made up of less capable people do not fight. This is why couples made up of less capable people can live without worry, while capable couples are often anxious and cannot feel at ease. There are many possibilities for them to fall and fail. If you think this way, if you want to be the best candidate in the world, you should love the least capable woman the most. Then, wouldn't that be the first prize? 

Now, what kind of person can be the best couple, the one who can appear as Superman? Is it a capable man living with a capable woman, or a capable man living with a less capable woman? "The second one." What did you say? "The second one." You understand, right? Therefore, your partners are not yet absolutely like that. They are absolutely not like that. 

The reason I am helping you get married is not for you, but for our Unification Church and for our world. Think of it this way. You think about yourselves, but can you complain now? "No." Really? "Yes." Then I think I have done well in speaking to you today. (Cheers. Applause)

Now, raise your hand if you will become an ideal husband and an ideal wife from now on. Thank you very much. (Applause)

Blessed Families

Men and women inevitably think about marriage. Right? "That's right." These days in America, there are pairs of men living with men and women living with women; what do you think about that? Is that something that can happen or not? "It can't happen." Why can't it happen? Because it does not align with the laws of the universe, the laws of nature. You need to understand that. It does not align with the laws of all existing worlds.

The universe is in a relationship of mutual dependence to exist. When you look at all living things, whether plants or animals, they are all in a relationship of mutual dependence. From that perspective, men and women are different in their forms. Even when you look at trees, there are male and female trees. Among flowers, there are also such flowers. Or when you look at mammals or birds in the animal kingdom, they are all in a relationship of mutual dependence. The same goes for humans.

So, why must there be such a relationship? Why is a relationship necessary? "To give and receive true love." Why is it necessary to give and receive true love? Why do we need a counterpart? You are not aware of the simplest thing. You talk about interactions, principles, harmony, and so on, but you do not know the most important and simplest thing. What is the simplest and most important point? It is for existence. It is to survive. It is to connect history. (Laughter)

If there were no such relationships in the plant world, everything would have disappeared, and if there were no such relationships in the animal world, everything would have disappeared as well, and the same goes for the human world. You would not exist either. Everything would be gone. (Laughter)

You must leave seeds. You must leave good ones. That is the ideal. You must leave good ones. Then, how do you leave good ones? You need a good counterpart. You need a good seed and a good counterpart, which is where the term good fiancé comes from. (Laughter)

When you ask men about this, what is their answer? They all say the same thing. "I want a good fiancé." Why? Why do they want that? To leave good seeds. Why do we need a good counterpart? To leave better seeds, better than before. (Laughter) The conclusion is like that. Isn't it true? Isn't it a fact? Is that statement wrong? "No." Do you all think the same? "Yes." You have been listening to the teacher and thinking about it until now.

When God created humans as male and female, was it to leave sons and daughters? When you ask, "What is the purpose of God creating Adam and Eve?" should you say, "To love them, to create a couple," or should you say, "To leave good seeds"? Which one is it? What is love for? What is the result of love? "Happiness." Is it happiness? What is the result of love? It is children, children. What are children? They must be left behind. They are the result of existence for survival.

Then why do we need a fiancé? You might say it is for love, but that is also correct. However, what is the higher purpose beyond that? It is children. Children are the result of love. 

Why must we love our children? Parents cannot help but love their children. Why must we love them? Because the result of loving the fiancé is children, and we cannot help but love those children. This is the theory.

Now, you all have been talking about blessings and such, but nowadays it seems like you are entering a stage of exhaustion rather than excitement. (Laughter) This morning, when I heard the singing, I couldn't hear the sound. "No, it isn't." You have to buy clothes for the celebration, and there is so much to do. Thinking about other things rather than your fiancé is a bigger concern. So, you get tired.

In the past, when you walked alone, you could go anywhere regardless of what you were wearing, but when you meet your fiancé and think about getting married, women think about cosmetics, formal wear, and worry about it. Nowadays, when men and women love each other, they want to love outside the laws of justice. They want to ignore natural laws and just live like that.

What is the principle of love? In other words, it is to obtain results. What is that result? It is to bear good, virtuous fruits. Meeting a counterpart means meeting the best elements of you and me centered around the child. Do you think so?

When you look at America, what do you think? Should we call it crazy love, crazy love? They are worried about having a child... "We shouldn't have a child." These kids, gathering together and living recklessly... (Laughter)

Do animals meet each other because they like each other or because they dislike each other? "They meet because they like each other." It's the same! These kids. When they meet their fiancé, they say, "Oh, my fiancé has beautiful eyes and a beautiful nose, so let a child come out who combines all that beauty. Amen!" Is that right? "Amen." When you have that kind of heart, you love your husband with a historical perspective. Historical love manifests there. History includes the past, present, and future.

So what is the past? The past forms the laws of existence in the present. It respects the standards of traditional existence. The present represents the future. It appears more brightly. It appears brightly. The present is better than the past. What about the future? It is better than the present. This is the perspective.

When you look at it this way, your marriage is also about the present... The present can bring about better results from the standpoint of guaranteeing the future. So, you all want something better, right? "Yes." You hope tomorrow will be better than today, right? That is human nature.

Now, when you meet your fiancé, you think, "Oh, it would be nice to meet my fiancé," but you must understand that the problem is not the fiancé itself, but the future through the fiancé. What is that future? It is children. For the sake of children who are more precious than you... Therefore, that fruit must be the true fruit of love. A couple centered on true love must be a couple who can love completely to leave something better behind. This is theoretically valid.

If you love while deceiving your husband and lying, then your children will also become liars. That is terrifying. If you give birth to such children as a parent, it cannot be tolerated by the laws of heaven and earth.

You all, why did you say you are getting married until now? For the children? "Yes." Until now, didn't you say it was for love? What is it? Which one is it? "For the children." What is love? It is a process. Children are born through the process of love. The process is love. What is love? "The process." Did you understand now? "Yes." That is why men are needed and women are needed. This is the law of the universe.

Now, can men marry each other or women marry each other and have children, American youths? (Laughter) Isn't that right? "No." Don't you think so? "There is a law." Then what is that law? It is the law of the universe.

The foundation of the universe is the relationship of father and son. 

So what is it? Should homosexuality be expelled from the human world, from the world of existence, or should it be left alone? "It must be expelled." It must be expelled. If you go to the spiritual world, it will not be tolerated there. All love, except for the love that is a condition for true descendants and children, is false. It is a terrifying matter. That is why there is no homosexuality in our Unification Church. In the world we live in, we cannot see such things. (Applause)

When you look at the laws of nature, they are made up of convex and concave shapes. This is how it is. Men are protruding, and women are recessed, so this is correct. If you do this, it becomes horizontal. This is the principle. It is horizontal. Therefore, this is horizontal. (Drawing on the board while speaking) It is perfect horizontal, so it is a perfect ideal expectation. It is an ideal foundation, an ideal expectation. On that foundation, anything can be built. (Applause)

That is why, in this horizontal space, a house comes out, a nation comes out, and a kingdom of heaven comes out. What does the kingdom of heaven come from? It comes from the foundation where man and woman are united. Is that correct or not? "It is correct." If you don't want that, then all women should go to the hospital and have their breasts operated on, and all men should have theirs cut off. (Laughter) We need to create such hospitals. If we create such hospitals, we will make money.

Did Dr. Kang come? Is it true that women's wombs are this small? It is this small, but how much does it expand? More than rubber, more than natural rubber. That is a mystery. It expands better than natural rubber. When you perform a cesarean section, you can see all the babies inside the expanded womb. Wow! How amazing is that? (Applause)

Inside there, the babies, when God says, "Hey, baby, don't move! Just stay quiet!" what would happen? The babies kick and do all sorts of things, but they don't think about bursting inside. If they knew it was dangerous, would they move? (Laughter) How dangerous it is. It is mysterious.

When communists talk about evolution, do they say it just happened naturally? It doesn't happen naturally. How could it happen naturally? This applies not only to humans but also to the animal kingdom, all birds, insects, and worms; how can such harmony occur through such organs? It is a mystery.

So when you see babies, it is mysterious. When you think about it, it is mysterious. "Wow! How did this child come out?" Think about how mysterious it is. If you were to create a person like that, how would it turn out? It would take thousands of years to create.

Love is the ancestor of creation. Do you understand what that means? There must be ancestors for there to be descendants. Love is both the ancestor and the descendant. Love is the father of the son and the son of the father. Therefore, in love, the father and son are the same.

What is the foundation of the universe? This is a question everyone wants to ask before God. "God, what is the foundation of the universe?" They want to ask that. Aren't you curious? It is simple. The beginning is love, and the result is the father and son.

What does that mean? When God himself asks why he created the universe, it is to establish a relationship centered on love between father and son. It is the same principle. Therefore, the foundation of the universe is the relationship of father and son, and this conclusion is clear. (Applause) Then how are you? You are connected centered on the foundation of the universe. Therefore, you must also become fathers and sons and daughters. It is the same.

Your love for your children is the original love. It is the love that God loved. It is love for the future. There is no revolution in love. If you were to put it in communist terms, you would have to say that love also develops.

Unification Church's View on Family

So, how does love develop? They say that since homosexuals do not have children, it has not developed, right? They say that is ideal love. Is that right? "No." Who says "No"? The universe says "No." It is not Reverend Moon saying "No," nor is it Dr. Dust saying "No," but the universe says "No."

No matter how good humans are, they are indebted to the universe. They live indebted to the universe and to the earth. They cannot speak loudly. Therefore, there cannot be any homosexuals among the members of our Unification Church. The ideal couple connected in a one-man, one-woman relationship is what the laws of the universe desire, and standing on this foundation of universal law, seeking ideal children is the Unification family. (Applause)

Why must it be one man and one woman? In American terms, if you meet someone and spend one night and say goodbye, is that the end? Where is one love? Where is one man and one woman? One man becomes men, and one woman becomes women. Why is that wrong? Why is that wrong? Because there is a lack of true love.

What is true love? The true love of a man and the true love of a woman are the same. True love exists here, but it is neither the love of a man nor the love of a woman; it is only one. Therefore, men ask women, "Don't you love only me?" and women ask men, "Don't you love only me?" They all ask, "How much do you love me?" They all ask that. They must say they love more than the universe, the greatest love, to get a response of "Hehehe."

Women must confirm it every day, right? (Laughter) When you get married, you shouldn't start by saying, "I love you this much." You should say, "I love you this much," and then gradually increase it.
It's true. Women are bound to ask questions throughout their lives. Men, be careful. If you declare your love all at once, there will be no response the next day. (Laughter. Applause) After having good sons and daughters, it should be like this. (Gesturing) After that, everything ends. (Laughter. Applause) Therefore, because true love is needed, liking someone for a few months is not true love.

You must become a man and woman who can harmonize with each other.
Who has a more developed function of comparison, men or women? "Women." (Laughter) That's right, women. Therefore, when it comes to married life, who is the problem? Women say… they are like thorns. (Laughter) More than 70% of the breakdowns in American families are due to women. Do you acknowledge that, women? Do you acknowledge it? 'Yes' or 'No'? "Yes." 'Is that not true? Is it the men? We are not the problem?' Do you want to say that? "No." (Laughter)

In the Garden of Eden, who did God tell not to eat from the tree of knowledge of good and evil, Adam or Eve? Who do you think God primarily had in mind when He said that? Did He think of women or men? "Men." "Women." Do you think God is less capable than you women? Do you think He would be less capable than you today? Wouldn't He have thought about it? When considering who God had in mind when He made that statement, it would be Eve rather than Adam. Theoretically, that's how it is. If you were God, would you have thought that way or not? "He would have." 'Yes' or 'No'? "Yes." Whether you ask at night or during the day, it's always 'Yes.'

Women need to be careful. They need to be careful of their own hands. They need to be careful of their ears. They need to be careful of their eyes. They need to be careful of their noses and lips.

Look. Why do women do that? Women put on eyeshadow, lipstick, nail polish, wear earrings, and try to attach things even to their noses. Necklaces, belts, rings... Who likes all this? Accessories, they even attach things to their hair... Who likes that? Men? I say not to attach anything. I don't like it. Who likes that? "Men." (Laughter) Why is that? Because the function of comparison is more developed in women. It cannot be denied. That's the reality.

What surprises me is that I had a little sister, and when we went out together, I was over 20 years old at the time, and if a handsome man caught my eye, I would just glance and pass by saying, 'That man is good-looking.' Then I would ask my sister, 'Did you see the face of that man passing by?' She would say, 'Yes, did you see it too, brother?' 'Yeah, you saw it too?' 'Of course I did.' 'What do you think?' She would describe everything quickly. (Laughter) I couldn't even see that, but she had already scanned everything. Like lightning... This means that the function of comparison is developed. (Laughter) You can't deny that, right? Do you understand? "Yes."

You have to acknowledge it to have an interesting conversation; if you don't acknowledge it, you won't have one. (Applause. Laughter) Those who think this is true, raise your hands. Those who say, 'That's true,' raise your hands. Yes, that's true. (Laughter) So, men, be careful. (Laughter)

Therefore, men must not be dull because they are dealing with women who have very developed comparison abilities. They need to be diverse men. They should ask questions. Do you like me? What do you like about me? Do you like my eyes, my hair, my hands? What gestures are not good? So, they need to be trained to be able to correct everything according to what the other person wants.

They should also compare whether the clothes they wear are good or bad. That is necessary. (Laughter)

You need to prepare to harmonize with the function of comparison. Do you think that's necessary or not? "It's necessary." Even when laughing, you shouldn't just chuckle or laugh; you need to think of a laugh that a woman who is with you can enjoy, like 'Ahahaha.' (Laughter) That is necessary. You both need to study each other.

So now we come to a conclusion. Men, you need to wear the glasses of women. I'm saying you need to wear glasses. Do you understand? Do you feel good or bad? Women, do you feel good or bad? "Good." (Laughter) Answer honestly. I think so, but you might disagree with me. Do you feel good or bad? Do you welcome that? "Yes."

Then what kind of glasses should women wear? Should women say, 'I need to wear women's glasses. I don't like men's glasses'? (Laughter) Through that, they think, 'Men are like this animal. They are dull, just not fun, like a rock, rough, and if you talk about the road, it's bumpy...' Women have small hands, right? Men's hands are big. To hold a woman's hand, should a man's hand be small or big? (Laughter) What is it? "It should be bigger." Also, since women's arms are small, is it better for a man to hold her like this, 'Ah,' or is it better for a man who is big to embrace her? (Gesturing. Laughter) Is it better for a big man to embrace her?

Generally, when men embrace women, they hold their waists, and when women embrace, they hold their backs. You should study that. That's how it is. Men hold at the waist, but women hold at the back. The arms go up here, not down here. Why is that? (Laughter) When holding, everything goes up. Why is that? It can't be helped. To kiss, you have to hold the shoulders and go up. Also, men need to lift them up. It makes sense. Why is Kwak Jeong-hwan laughing? (Laughter) That's the logic. You haven't thought about that, have you? Reverend Moon needs to think about those things. (Laughter. Applause) Women lift their heels like this... (Imitating. Laughter) It's all logical.

Moreover, why do they wear high heels in places like America? If they were to kiss every day, that would be a big problem. Can they go that high? So they made them high... That's why high heels were created, I think. Think about it. (Laughter) I don't know if that's true or not.

When you hold and kiss, if a woman lifts her feet, how artistic is that? If a man and a woman are standing together and the woman lifts her feet, that's already a kiss. "Is it a kiss even if they don't do it? (Interpreter)" If a woman lifts her feet and is holding onto a man, isn't that a kiss? What's the big deal? (Laughter) High heels were created for kissing. (Laughter) In the West, you kiss when your partner leaves, when they return, even when they go to the bathroom, so they think they need high heels because it's inconvenient.

The order of love in the world must be established by the Unification Church.
Today's sermon title is 'Blessed Families.' (Laughter) It's a blessed family, but should we stop or continue? "Continue." I asked Mr. Kwak, who is in the middle position, to consult all the couples and report the results, and he came back saying, 'It's a disaster.' When I asked what the disaster was, he said, 'There are many groups practicing free sex, and it's a big problem.' "In the church?" (Interpreter) That's right. The old habits remain. Especially homosexuality! Can that be allowed? What do you think? Can it be allowed? "No." Even animals, dogs, don't do that; beasts don't do that. They have become less than dogs.

What rights do those people claim, and what laws do they want to establish for homosexuality? What laws? If there are such groups here, immediately... It's embarrassing to look at the sun, to look at trees, to look at plants, to look at dogs. How can they live dressed like humans? How can they eat? Those who practice homosexuality will be opposed as heretics. "Are you calling us heretics? (Interpreter)" Isn't that so? We absolutely oppose homosexuality. Those who call us heretics are correct; are we right to be called heretics? "We are right."

Recently, in America, it is said that 20% of people are engaging in incest? With their grandparents, parents, and siblings? Can roots become flowers on a tree? Can flowers bloom from the roots? Roots are roots, stems are stems, and branches are branches.

America is destined to perish. The Roman Empire, which was confused about love, fell not through war but through its own corruption. The same goes for America; it is perishing. It is perishing. It won't last long. It is the most chaotic now. The civilized country of America is a mess regarding sex, and so are the underdeveloped countries. If you look at underdeveloped countries, like in South America or Africa, it's a mess. They are perishing. They are perishing. Without establishing that order, there will be no world of hope for humanity, no world of happiness, no ideal world.

Now, if a mother and child establish a love relationship and the child is happy, is it happiness for the father to cry? That can't be said, but that's the situation now. "Between a mother and son? (Interpreter)" Yes, there are people who like that relationship. A mother lives with her son. What would the father think of that? That itself is miserable for the mother, miserable for the father, and miserable for the son. Misery occurs for all three.

The issue of love, if we cannot establish this order of love, becomes a bigger problem. No matter how healthy, strong, or capable one is, if they are struck in love, they become powerless. They become despairing and hopeless. Without order, there can be no peace, and there can be no happy family.

Do you think that could happen? "Yes." A dynasty that could not maintain the order of love in a palace has perished. Do you understand what I mean? Even if it's difficult for you to endure here today, you must play the role of establishing this tradition, even at your own sacrifice. The only place where that can happen in the world is the Unification Church. There is no one but Reverend Moon. (Applause)

Yesterday, Kamiya reported that a person who joined the Unification Church at the age of twenty is now twenty-four or twenty-five. However, before joining the Unification Church, he had relationships with over 250 women. But after joining the Unification Church, he didn't even think about it and didn't engage with anyone for four years. Kamiya was surprised to hear that. Is the Unification Church such a place?

You members of the Unification Church, did you wait five years after getting engaged without doing all sorts of things, including free sex? Without even calling, without holding hands? Therefore, those opposing the Unification Church outside say, 'Reverend Moon is the most fearful man.' Why? Because he controls even sexual life. No dictator or king in the past could control sexual life, not just their children, but anyone else, but he controls that too, so how fearful is that? The opposition is saying that. (Laughter) Teachers can't do it, parents can't do it... There is pride in that.

America has become rotten and chaotic due to free sex. As more and more people become tired of that, they start to take an interest in Eastern people and black people. "Are Americans tired, Father? (Interpreter)" Yes, they are tired of free sex and are becoming interested in Eastern people or black people. They are not like that.

Recently, among 380 people who were about to get married, it was reported that about 150 wanted to marry Japanese people, which is nearly half. The fact that such a thing occurred in the Unification Church is astonishing. So, where will American women be exported to in the future? They can't go anywhere, right? Generally, women dislike Eastern men or black men. 'Oh, I don't like those men,' they say. Just think about it. They will live alone. In the future, they won't be able to get married and will be in a good position.

If Americans go to the East, they will all die and be stuck saying, 'You, do it like me. Try to follow me. Do it this way.' Is that good? They have to do it whether they like it or not. That is completely against the customs here. American women are active and strong-willed. Isn't that right? (Pointing to a female member) "That's exactly right. (Interpreter)" That's right. "That's why you arranged for her to get engaged to an American. (Interpreter)" Hmm. (Laughter) If it were an Eastern person, they wouldn't do that and would just say, 'Eh,' and walk away. (Laughter) The teacher can see through that.

Therefore, you can choose your partners based on those aspects. You don't know. You don't know, do you? My eyes may look smaller than yours, but even though my eyes are small, they are sharp in that regard. I see people differently from you. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." That's why you like me.

From now on, my body as a woman will not be touched by anyone other than one man. Women, did you think that way? Only one person. Forever and ever... Only one person is good? "Yes." Isn't it nice to have many men following you? "No." Why 'No'? Because it's not true love. We want true love. Only one person can have true love. Right, everyone? "Yes."

Until now, ugly women have touched the hands of numerous men, right? (Laughter) From now on, you can't dance with any man other than your husband. In our time, you can't dance with other men. You can dance all night with your husband, even if you fall over and dance. Whether you drool or sleep with your skirt flipped over, whatever it is, that's fine. How free is that? It's freedom.

If you fall over while dancing with someone else, how... Is that freedom? Is it free to fall over and drool while sleeping with your husband, being naked? Which is freedom?

You Westerners, you all go around with your partners, but you don't trust them at all. You don't trust that guy. Can you trust him? "No." However, those who have such family ethics or philosophical backgrounds, even if they don't hold hands, the wife goes across the street, and the husband goes this way, it doesn't matter. (Applause)
You may think it’s a bit uncomfortable and unfortunate, but what do you think your sons and daughters would like to see? Would they like to see their own mother and father holding hands with someone else's father and mother while walking down the street? Even if our mom is going across the street and our dad is going this way, would they prefer that we love each other rather than do that? It’s like a couple, where the husband goes across the street and the wife stays this way, not holding hands, not kissing, just walking around coldly, but if there are parents who love each other in their hearts, which parents would they prefer? 

Today, I’ve learned a lot. What is love for? “For the children.” Let me ask you one thing. There’s God, Adam, Eve, and a child, right? Why did God want children more than Adam and Eve? I thought there might be someone who would find it strange and ask, “Oh, that’s weird. The counterpart is better; why does the teacher talk about children?” But no one asked.

Now, if we look at this form, this is vertical and this is horizontal, and I said this is more important; why is that? (While writing on the board) Now I understand. It’s through love that these two meet; why do they meet? “For the children.” When a man and a woman come close, here, the hopeful sons and daughters come out, and at this time, it fulfills God's wish. That’s how it works. Therefore, this is the purpose for God, for Adam and Eve, and for everyone. (Pointing to what he wrote) Is that right or not? “That's right.” Through what? “Love.” What kind of love? “True love.” That’s right. Therefore, true love can only be shared with the only one. It’s the only one. Are you all the only one? “Yes.” Are you the only one, everybody? “Only one.”

See your partner as someone who represents all humanity. 

So, if the population of the United States is 240 million, there are 120 million men and women. But do you think you are marrying among the 240 million Americans, or do you think you are marrying representing the 240 million citizens? “The latter.” In the past? You say it’s the latter because you joined the Unification Church, but what about in the past? In American culture, people meet, live together, and then marry. In our Unification Church, we take one out of 4 billion people. So, if I was born a man and I choose a woman, I should choose from 2 billion women. Isn’t that wonderful? 

Choosing from 2 billion women or men and saying, “This is the best” is ideal, right? Then you won’t complain. Isn’t that right? “Yes.” Then try it. 

If you were to choose from 2 billion, even if you met one person per second, in one minute you would meet 60 people, and in one hour, that would be 60 times that. How many would you meet? Would you meet even half of them in your lifetime? If not, what would happen? Can you do that? “No.” So, think like this: “I belong to my country, which represents the world.” That kind of thinking is necessary.

Now, everyone, if there are 240 million Americans, would you want to meet and check every one of the 120 million to find a partner? “No.” So, that’s not possible either. Since it’s not possible, we will do it here in Tarrytown or New York, representing. “New York is a representative city that has condensed the 240 million men and women of America,” that’s how you should think. Then, if there are 10 million people in New York, and you are told to meet 5 million women to marry, would you do it? (Laughs) Would you do it? “No.” Then what will you do? “You have to go as a New Yorker.” (One person answers. Laughter) So, inevitably, Tarrytown… The term territory connects with Tarrytown. (Speaking while laughing) Since we need a territory, we cannot help but think of Tarrytown.

Now, Tarrytown has about 35,000 people, so how many households is that? Is it about 7,000 or how much? Since it’s 35,000, is it about 8,000 households? Then how would you go around? “You can’t.” So, inevitably, you have to go to neighboring towns to find someone. So, if you think that woman represents the world, represents American women, represents New York, and represents Tarrytown, that’s how you should think.

Women have characteristics. Their eyes, noses, and mouths are the same. However, they have breasts, and they have curves, and one thing that is different from men, that is the characteristic. (Laughter) When you hear their voices, it’s a woman’s voice. So, you think, “Ah, this woman is a representative of humanity.” You look at her that way. Rather than comparing everything and choosing, you can just say, “This is the one.”

Now, our Unification Church is growing globally, so it’s a big deal for the teacher to choose on behalf of all humanity. Now, if I ask everyone who wants to get married to raise their hands, everyone will raise their hands. “Choose from among 2.4 billion people, and I will bless you.” What would you do? (Laughter) Even if I say that, you would probably respond, “Oh, I won’t do it. I would rather repent while sitting here.” That would be the response. Since there are men and women sitting here, you would think, “It’s good to be sitting here.”

Our children say, “We would rather have you do it than us choose.” Am I your matchmaker? Am I the one introducing people who are getting married? Am I a matchmaker? “Yes, Father.” (Laughter) Why are you laughing? Why are you laughing? Why do you say “Yes, Father”? 

We are humans searching for true love. 

That’s something I don’t have to do. If I don’t do it, you will inevitably find someone and get married. But why do I have to play this game? It’s because I taught you incorrectly. Since I said it, I inevitably got caught up in it. I taught that for the benefit of the whole, individuals must be sacrificed, so since the whole is good, I got caught up in it. (Laughter)

If you got a good partner, you would say, “Oh, I’m lucky. The teacher looked after me well.” If you met someone wrong, you would say, “The teacher only…” and everyone curses the teacher. If it’s good, it’s because you are lucky, and if it’s bad, it’s because of the teacher. Isn’t that true? “No.” What do you mean “no”? I’ve heard that to the point my ears hurt. I hope that doesn’t happen.

To that doctor, “Hey, you do it,” then he should do it. “You, do it!” then he is bound to listen, right? Whether it’s good or bad for them, what do I care? If you dislike it, then that’s it. Even if you say you dislike it, after a few years or a few times, you will end up saying, “Oh, I should do it too.” (Laughter) So, it’s simple.

Now, who can see people better, Dr. Dust or the teacher? Dr. Dust is a doctor, and the teacher is Reverend Moon, not a doctor. So, Dr. Dust would be better. “No.” Ah, you are all Americans, and I am Korean. “Father is also a doctor.” (Laughter) I am not an American. I can’t even speak English. I always need an interpreter. I don’t like that.

Why do you say you dislike it? Why do you dislike it? Dr. Dust is “made in USA,” and I am “made in Korea.” (Laughter, applause) Everyone likes things made in USA, right? Who likes Korea? Do I get praised for that? I get scolded. “Never mind.” You may say never mind, but I have a mind. (Laughter) I got caught up in what I taught you.

What the teacher sees is this. Look at this. It’s for the descendants. Is that against the principle? “No.” Is it against the principles of heaven and earth? “No.” Even if you abandon your husband or wife, you cannot abandon your children, so in American society, when people divorce, there’s a big fight over having children, right? Why is that? It’s because of this principle.

In the East, unlike the West, there is a thought that you cannot abandon parents and children, but you can abandon a spouse. Why? Because that is horizontal. Why does it have to be that way? Because they know that horizontal is more important than vertical. That’s the logic that is established. How much difference is there between American families and families based on this principle, the ideal family created by God? The difference is too great.

So, should we establish families as Reverend Moon says, or should we continue with families like those in America now? “The families you mentioned, Father.” Even though the teacher is brainwashing and making crazy men, do you still oppose it? “Yes.” Why is it “yes”? Why is it “yes”? “Because of true love.” It’s because humans are searching for true love. Humans must go that way, and because it’s a principle they cannot avoid, the conclusion is that they must go even if they oppose it or face persecution.

Now, everyone, when all the people opposing the Unification Church realize that there is such a vast and great content of the true path in the Unification Church, when Reverend Moon dies and leaves behind a grave, where will those who opposed Reverend Moon go to ask for forgiveness for their sins against him? I see that there will be many people in America who will come to the grave later, shedding tears and repenting. I see that the fight is already over. There are prosecutors and judges in court, but similar conditions have been established for them as well. However, the teacher’s determination to walk the true path cannot change anywhere. (Applause)

You must respect your parents and love your children for heaven and earth to connect.

Would you abandon your fiancé or your parents? “Fiancé.” Why? Because you have to live with history. Parents are history, and I was born under this history, so today is under history. However, when the counterpart born in the present process does not match the background of history, it is a rejection. History comes from here. Is there any history in the animal world? “No.”

Then why must you abandon this? Because you must leave a future and walk a path that can connect with the future. There is a problem in America now; what is that problem? Even if they divorce, they fight over having children. But the parents say they dislike each other. They say they dislike each other. After claiming they will serve each other’s parents, they then claim they will have their children. You need to understand that. Why? Because it’s past, present, and future, and parents are the past. Do you understand what that means? “Yes.” Families in America that are falling apart must first claim to have children to be able to argue for having children. Then, claiming to have children is the principle. That makes sense.

Therefore, if the three points do not become one, there will be no straight line. If I am the present, it must be a straight line with the past and the future. This is the parents, and this is the children. This is necessary, but if you say you dislike this, you cannot do that. Why must this come first? Because it comes first, it must be done first. (While writing on the board)

Among the three points, which comes first? This comes first. Is this first? Who comes first? “Parents.” If you want to claim this, you must first claim the parents, and secondly, you must claim this. This is welcomed by heaven and earth. Thus, the three points are connected. If you say you dislike this and like that, it’s wrong. (Pointing to what he wrote)

Then why must we take the future children? Why must we take the past? It’s because of the law of the universe. It’s to make the universe mine and, furthermore, to make God mine. That’s it. Do you understand? The closest thing to the law of the universe is the son and the parents. Therefore, it cannot be denied. It’s theoretical.

In America, there is no such thought, right? What about senior citizens? How miserable is it to say your parents are senior citizens? How miserable is that? If my mother and father are senior citizens, is that good? Whose parents are those? Citizens’ parents? They are my parents.

Will you also become senior citizens, or not? “I won’t.” Will you become one in the future? “No.” Why “no”? Will you not become a retiree? “No.” (Laughter) How miserable is that?

Why is this necessary? Why must you respect your parents and love your children? These principles connect children and the universe, and parents and God, so heaven and earth are connected. Heaven and earth are connected. Raise your hand if you have distrusted your parents. Raise your hand if you have distrusted your parents until now. There will be many. There will be many. Everyone should repent. You should repent.

Also, you have denied having children. Raise your hand if you have ever thought that way. You must repent for that. You must understand the hearts of your in-laws and your parents, and you must understand your husband’s heart. The husband must understand the wife’s heart, and the children’s hearts must be understood too. Also, children must understand their parents’ hearts and their grandparents’ hearts. Only then can this become the four-position foundation.

Why must humans have a sense of history? Why? It’s because they are not animals. It’s because they must live with the universe. It’s because they must live eternally with the universe.

Humans must have a sense of history.

When your ancestors see Reverend Moon teaching these words in the spirit world, would they say, “Oh, that guy is a heretic. He brainwashes people. He’s a crazy man,” or would they say, “Oh, he provides excellent and traditional education”? What do you think? Would they like it or be sad? (Applause)

When a person with a husband or wife hears this, what would they say? “That Reverend Moon is a heretic beyond our couple. That can’t be.” Would they say, “I wish I had heard Reverend Moon’s words”? What would it be? “I wish my partner hadn’t heard this.” Would they think that way, or would they think, “I wish they had heard it”? “I wish they had heard it.” Even if others don’t hear it, they would want their fiancé to hear it. Is that right? “Yes.” When they see someone dozing off next to them, do they think, “I wish my fiancé would do that,” or do they think, “This is precious time; I wish that person wouldn’t sleep, but my fiancé wouldn’t sleep”? Which is it? “I hope they don’t doze off.”

Also, would they say, “I hope our children hear this,” or would they say, “Oh, I hope our children don’t hear this. I hope they block their ears”? Which is it? “I hope they hear it.” Isn’t it the same? They hope their children hear this. It’s the same. 

Grandparents also like to hear this, and you all like to hear it, and the children like to hear it. Everyone, the whole, likes to hear it. This is something that no one...
I cannot wake up. Even after a thousand years, this cannot be awakened. Because of this, happiness comes to be. This is happiness, you see. It falls within the criteria of happiness.  
(While writing on the board)  
Is it better to have grandparents when you go back to your hometown, or is it better not to have them? "It’s better to have them." Then, is it better to have your mother and father, or not to have them? "It’s better to have them." What about siblings? "Yes." Next, is it better to have your own children, or not to have them? "It’s better to have them." Then, when your children see their great-grandparents, grandparents, and parents, is it good for everyone to be happy, or is it better for them to say, "Why did you come?" Is it better for them to say, "You all go live your lives! We have nothing to do with you"? "No." Would you like this ideal logic to be inevitably protected without change, or would you prefer it to be all broken? "I would like it to be protected."  
Now, would God or the spirit world also have the desire to protect? "Yes." What about your families, how do you feel about them? "I would like them to be protected." What about your descendants? "I would like them to be protected."  
What does that mean? It means that is the best. Super best one! (Laughter) When I think like this, if I have all these qualities, how nice would it be to have such a fiancé?  

Blessed men and women must meet with the heart of first love.  
Now, whether it’s the eyes or something else, what do you want to touch first? Do you want to touch the eyes first, or the face first? Which one? If you were to touch such a fiancé, would you want to touch the eyes first, or the face first? (Laughter) Answer when I ask. Then, would it be the face or the body? "Face." (Laughter) If that’s the case, then it can’t be helped. It’s the body that is needed next to a woman, not the face. You need to understand this. (Laughter) Do you understand? What women desire is the body. They need a body that is different from their own. Strange, strange! What is there in the face? The face is the same. There are eyes, a nose, a mouth, and ears; it’s all the same. Is there anything more than four? What is wrong is the body, the body. That’s what’s wrong. Isn’t that right? "Yes." Is it 'yes' or 'no'? "Yes." No, no, no, no! (Laughter)  
When you marry a man, do you marry him for his face or for his body? What is it? (Laughter) What is it? What is it? It’s the face, right? (Laughter) You marry him for his body.  
Since it’s definitely the man’s body, then how he looks, how his hands are, whether he is handsome or not becomes the issue. (Laughter) That’s how it is. The face changes according to personality and shape. It differs according to the shape of the heart.  
Now, when your children love their parents, do they love them by looking at their faces? When children love their parents, do they love them by looking at their mother’s face, saying she is pretty, and not loving their father’s face because he is not handsome? "No."  
Innocent, naive children, whether their mother is pretty or not, whether her eyes are crooked or not, just being held in her arms makes them happy. (Laughter) Do they say they don’t like her because she is ugly? "Do they say they don’t like her because she is crooked?" "Do they say they don’t like her because she is deformed?" (Laughter) "No."  
It’s the same for husbands. Since they loved their parents like that, they must love their husbands in the same way to pass. Can you do that? Can you do that? "Yes, we can." Today’s American brides and grooms cannot do that. Why? Why? Why is that? Because it is only possible in the world of first love, in first love. In the world where men and women meet with first love, it is possible, but it is impossible with those who meet casually. It is only possible in first love. It cannot be done with something like a dung pit. Only with the first love, the first love that one yearns for during adolescence can such love be possible, but it is impossible with casual love. Do you acknowledge that? "Yes."  
Men and women must meet with first love; there is no objection to that. There is no objection. When bound by first love, issues of race, color, and so on are all transcended. Being good-looking or not is also transcended. Adolescent love revolves around everything. It goes around and around, and sometimes in reverse.  
The heart of adolescence is like that. (While drawing a picture) It is poetic, dramatic, and has all literary aspects. It is a place where comedy and tragedy intersect.  
During adolescence, just watching leaves roll can make one laugh. You must understand that it is a time rich in the potential to connect and harmonize anywhere. Therefore, wherever you go, if you just connect, you can digest everything. You digest everything. Everything harmonizes.  
Because of this, when you wear the glasses of first love, nothing appears unattractive. No matter how the other person looks, what they eat, or how they act, everything is liked. Even if they have smelly feet, it doesn’t smell. (Laughter) Do you think that’s possible? "Yes." If you don’t like the other person as you liked your mother, then it’s fake. The fact that such love can only exist outside of first love cannot be denied.  
Is there such love in America? Therefore, what should we do? When thinking about not being able to feel such first love, we must feel sorry for the other person, serve more, and think of sacrificing more. That is the attitude of a person with a humane conscience.  
No matter how ugly the husband is, no matter how ugly the wife is, they should be able to love each other more than any beauty in the world, more than any handsome man. They must overcome that peak of first love. Only then can you come out of living in a dung pit and speak of dislikes and likes, right? If you have now realized the shame of not being able to experience first love, you must have the attitude to say, "I am grateful for even the ugly and the handsome." Isn’t that the attitude of a person with true character?  
Also, while that was a wicked love leading to hell, think about how solemn it is to stand on the path to the eternal heavenly kingdom. From now on, you must say that you will pave the way to a place beyond the peak of first love in this America…  
If you have that ragged love that is not first love, then you must have that attitude to receive even sympathy before heaven; otherwise, how can you boldly say what you are or what you are not? As I said earlier, a person who has experienced all sorts of love with hundreds of people, such a person is saying that they will jump higher than the path of first love, and that is the blessing you must understand. Without that, you cannot go to heaven.  
When Adam and Eve were in first love, was there any other counterpart they could love? When centered on first love, were there two or three other people they could compare with? Are they choosing among 120 million counterparts like today’s American men and women? "No." What is it?  
What if Eve had a crooked eye? Would Adam, who had entered adolescence, not have sprouted love just because Eve had a crooked eye? When one is ignited by first love, having one eye can be more beautiful. That’s why first love is amazing.  
Has Dr. Dust experienced such love? Has he done it or not? "Everyday." (Laughter) Everyday is something you made up. (Laughter) Everyday is like saying there’s nothing special. Do you understand what that means? Can you find first love among American girls? How miserable is that? How miserable is it to be born a woman? How miserable is it to be born a man?  
That’s why I think blessed families should marry off their children quickly. Do you understand what I mean? First love! Do you understand what that means? If you also know that meaning and met your counterpart centered on first love during adolescence, how happy would you be? First love! First love! The reason why such first love is necessary is that a pure and innocent child can like their mother and father just like that. Do you understand?  
Think about how happy it would be to become an ideal couple, have ideal children, and have ideal parents. Such people must enter heaven; that is a very theoretical logic. If heaven were a place you go alone, what would be the need for heaven? In established churches, everyone says they want to go to heaven alone. What about us? We want a family heaven more than our own heaven. So, what is better? What is heaven? "It’s the heaven of the Unification Church."  

To go to a greater place, one must sacrifice.  
I cannot go to heaven alone. My parents, siblings, and children must all be together to achieve family heaven. Then, what will a person with family heaven do next? They will go to national heaven… There is a way to go. After having national heaven, there is world heaven, and after world heaven, there is cosmic heaven… Why must it be so? Why must it be so? When you go to the spirit world, you will meet ancestors from thousands and tens of thousands of generations.  
So when you die and go to that world, what will you be centered on to live together? You must be united based on this principle. That is, for the family, for the nation, for the world, for heaven… This must be established so that ancestors from the past and descendants in the future, and everyone from anywhere in the world can maintain a harmonious order. A family standing on such a foundation, a kin standing on such a foundation, a tribe, and a nation can each become a central nation.  
If you go to the spirit world and say, "Ah, I don’t know about family heaven," will that work? Can you go to that world alone? Therefore, we cannot help but have this ideological concept. Without the idea of mutual support, we cannot exist.  
When I say that the Unification Church must work for the world and sacrifice for the spirit world, you might say, "Oh, I don’t want to." Such people will have problems when they go to that world. When you go to the spirit world, where will you belong? You will say you don’t need anything. You will inevitably be isolated.  
Therefore, to create a realm of freedom and eternal happiness in that world, the teacher is conducting such emotional training on earth and teaching you to walk that path. That is the rightful way. This principle applies everywhere. This principle applies not only in America but anywhere. The doctrines of established churches or other religions do not apply, but this principle does. Those who say they will live this way will find doors opening wide in the spirit world, but those who say they will not live this way will encounter all kinds of obstacles.  
Married families, when women say, "Oh, I should stop thinking about the will and myself and study to get a job so that our children can eat well and live well. So, I will go to school and study. Study, study…" is that a good thing or a bad thing? Is it good or bad? After getting married, they tell their husbands to study. They say they don’t need to know about the will or anything else. Is that how you feel? "No." You cannot say no.  
Yes, I am making you suffer, but why would I make you suffer as if you were my enemy? Knowing clearly that you must live like this in today’s society, why do I keep telling you to go this way? What benefit is there for me? It is because I know you will complain to me in the spirit world, saying, "Teacher, why didn’t you teach us this?" Do you understand? Do you understand the saying that the small must sacrifice for the greater? "Yes."  
You must understand that today’s earthly world is also conducting all these traditional spiritual educations. Because you must go to the eternal world… Do you accept this? "Yes."  
Now, then, if I say, "You must die for heaven and earth," does that make you feel bad? What if I say, "You must die as a couple"? How does that feel? Is it a bad thing or a good thing? What if I say, "You must sacrifice all your children"?  
If there is a family that bears the family cross for the sake of the cosmic heaven, that family becomes the family savior. Is that bad? Do you dislike that? When that person goes to the spirit world, they will stay at the very center. Among all families, at the very center… Do you like that? That is what you should become. Understand it clearly.  
Individuals must sacrifice for families, families for tribes, tribes for nations, nations for the world, and the world for heaven, and for God. Why? Because of that world, because of the spirit world. Therefore, our Unification Church must sacrifice for the unified tribe and the unified nation.  
The teacher must sacrifice for Korea, for the Korean people. That’s why I want to make any Korean man or woman suffer. I am thinking of gathering the Korean community in America and making them suffer more than Americans. Can there be anyone among American ancestors, anyone in this era, or anyone in the future who would oppose that? There is none. There is no one who would oppose that.  
Humans are historical beings who pass through the three worlds of the past, present, and future. Whether you go backward through these three worlds or go this way, there is no one who can oppose it. Everyone welcomes it. Will the ideology that the teacher teaches be opposed in any era, whether past, present, or future?  
Also, no matter how much an African person dislikes white people, if a white person goes there with such an ideology, they will be welcomed. Go see if they are welcomed or not. Individuals will welcome them, nations will welcome them, and all of Africa will welcome them. That’s why the teacher is here in America doing this work now.  
If that were not the case, why would the teacher go to court in America? He doesn’t have to go. He could stay in Korea. He does this to sacrifice for the justice of this nation, to sacrifice for the justice of the world. Since I have taught you this, I must go. Is that bad? Such a person is a true leader. Heaven and even Satan cannot deny this. Even Satan would issue a certificate recognizing that person as a true leader. (Applause)  
The reason for home church  
I have said a lot to blessed families today… How many hours has it been? It has been three hours, right? So let’s stop now. Now you understand.  
Now you know how individuals should be, how couples should be, how to relate to historical ancestors and parents centered on the family, how to treat husbands and children, and how to sacrifice your family and why you must lead your wife in a public position, even if it is difficult. You have understood all of this.  
Where will you go after getting married? Where will you go? "Home church."
(Home church; as a family church) In order for a family to rest, it must establish a tribal boundary. Only by entering here can one find rest. If you just leave it as it is, the devil can swoop in and attack at any time. So, after getting married, where should you go? Where will you go? "To the home church." 

Do you know why the Unification Church emphasizes home church? The path of home church is an absolute path that must be followed. We must save the nation centered on home church. Various nations must unite. Only then can a country and sovereignty be established. A nation is vertical, so the longitudinal and latitudinal connections are made. Sovereignty is something vertical. 

The Jewish people have wandered the world until now because they lacked a nation and sovereignty. Because there was nothing vertical, they were always invaded. Without a nation, that people cannot be protected. Isn't that right? "That's right." 

The same goes for us. As long as there is no nation, Reverend Moon and the Unification Church will always face persecution. Through home church, we can organize tribes and nations, and through nations, we can seek the world. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Only then will your names have the authority of the citizens of the heavenly kingdom. 

In order for the people to be protected, there must be a constitution of that nation, but do we have a constitution? We have doctrines, but we do not have a constitution. The constitution of the United States cannot be the constitution of the heavenly kingdom. A nation without a people cannot avoid persecution. The nation we want to establish is one that can save the communist world and the democratic world. 

In whose name? Not in Reverend Moon's name. In God's name! (Applause) Only then can you stand before God and say, "I am a citizen of the heavenly kingdom. I am a people with a nation. As a citizen of the heavenly kingdom, I have walked the path of connecting love in society and in my family while keeping the laws and order of the heavenly kingdom," and God will say, "Oh, that was wonderful." 

"Just as God has a family that represents a nation, a people that represents a nation, and a sovereign nation, I have gone through the process of being the owner of a family of that nation, the owner of society, the owner of a people, and the owner of a nation." Shouldn't it be that way? You should be able to say it confidently. "I can be proud as a citizen of my nation, as a citizen of the world, as a citizen of heaven, as a family member, as a member of my tribe, and as a member of my nation." God desires such sons and daughters; would He want sons and daughters who cannot do that? 

Then how would Reverend Moon respond? "I have an ideal family, an ideal tribe, an ideal nation, and an ideal world." Shouldn't he respond like that? Where is Reverend Moon now? He is in a position to organize nations and the world. This is what we want to create from home church. We want to simultaneously establish the three realms of the spirit world. If you do home church like this, there will be no persecution. All persecution will come to an end. When there is no persecution, then the world will be globalized in an instant. Just think about how fast that would be. Within 40 days, the world will turn around. 

If within 40 days the world turns around, what will happen if 4 billion people on this planet are educated through satellites? Will it turn around or not? "It will turn around." Will it turn around? "Yes." (Applause) Because the path to that is right in front of us, the teacher is preparing for it now. 

So, after getting married, where should you go? After getting married, you should go live together, right? "No." Look, if you have ten families, would it be good if all ten of them split up and fought, or would it be better if they came together and settled down to fight? What do you think? Would it be better to fight while moving around or to settle down and fight? Would it be good if families split up and fought? "Settled down..." That means it would definitely be better to settle down and fight in one area. That is the automatic conclusion. How scientific is God? Because He knows that well, He can only think of home church. 

You see, the fighting of parents becomes a tradition for their sons and daughters. Just as the teacher fights, the fighting of true parents becomes a tradition, and we must go that way as well. 

Become a tribal messiah through home church. 

Then when someone says, "True parents are Korean, but why do we call Korean parents true parents and not American parents? What is the difference?" You should be able to say, "American parents have not walked the sacrificial path for their neighbors, tribes, nations, the world, and heaven, but true parents must walk the path for the ideal world of heaven and earth. That is why the teacher is called true parents. If one does not do that and moves centered on oneself, they are just physical parents." 

So I become true parents to you. Because I live like this, I am also true parents to you. When someone asks, "You don't look like American parents, and even though you are white, do you think you look like white true parents? Are you happy?" you should be able to say, "I am the happiest." You must now become white true parents. Only then can you save your children. How wonderful is that education? You must know that you are the ancestors of the tribe. 

What does it mean to be a messiah? It means being true parents. Therefore, we must create a factory that produces messiahs here. It is not about giving birth. It is about creating a messiah factory. It is mass production, mass production. (Applause) 

So, after hearing the teacher's words, should you go or not? "We should go." "Oh, teacher, we will go, but you must help us from the headquarters. We have no home, no food, what should we do? You must help us." Is that what a messiah would say? Did the messiah come like that? "No." 

Now, the grateful thing is that after enduring hardship until now, the time has come to welcome the Unificationists. It is different from when Jesus came to Judaism and different from when Reverend Moon came to Christianity, so you are happy. It is different from when Reverend Moon came to Christianity. You are destined to be welcomed. 

You must understand that this is the foundation of the achievements made through Judaism, Christianity, Jesus, and countless Christian believers. How wonderful is that? You will not take even three years. Nowadays, because Reverend Moon is engaged in legal battles, many people in the Unification Church and the Unificationists are being sympathized with, right? People around the world sympathize. History knows, history knows. 

The day you will not be persecuted is not far away. The time has come when this can intersect, when the tide can intersect. What would have happened if the home church movement had not emerged? If it had not existed, what would have happened? You would have wandered the world like gypsies with your backpacks. After getting married, what would you do? "Home church." Like Jesus, like the Holy Spirit, you must become a messiah who saves the tribe. 

"When home church members arise, they love home church members less and love you more." That is not the case. "I love home church members more." Among "I love home church members more" and "I love you more," which one would you choose? Which one is it? "The first one." You know it. Even if you can't practice it, you know it. (Laughter) The teacher has practiced it all. The teacher has practiced it all. Do you know how much persecution I have endured? Do you know how much I have prayed? Do you know how much I have struggled? 

If you had aligned yourselves with the global conditions to fulfill a single purpose without sleeping for 24 hours, you would have already accomplished it months ago. I have educated the mother. I educated the mother for 20 years. "Please take out the wedding ring immediately." That is not the issue. I must buy the nation and the world even if it costs my life. Because of that, heaven blesses me. 

You say, "Why did you have twelve children instead of thirteen?" (Applause) How wonderful would it be to have twelve? Why would you have thirteen? (Laughter) Jesus had thirteen disciples. There must be a center, a center. Among the teacher's sons and daughters, there must be one center. There must be a center, right? "Yes." So there are six women and seven men. This is the number of the earth. It is the number of heaven and earth. (While writing on the board) This becomes one. This becomes the center. Now the mother does not have to give birth anymore. (Applause) 

Now that we have established home church, I can live anywhere with peace of mind. When the global home church becomes established, I can live anywhere with peace of mind. I can live in Brazil or anywhere else with peace of mind... 360 homes protect me, day and night. 

When a couple becomes one, go find the opposing house more. 

So, when you do home church, the teacher will first visit your home, but what is your wish? "I wish the teacher would come to our house and stay for a night." That is your wish. If so, you cannot just sit there. You must put in effort. Do you think I will go to a place where people are just playing around, or do you think I will go to a place where people are working hard? The neighborhood must either be in an uproar or welcome you; it has to be one of the two for you to go and sympathize or comfort them. It cannot be lukewarm. (Laughter) Didn't it say so in the Book of Revelation? "You must be either hot or cold; if you are lukewarm, I will..." 

Which one will you choose? Will you be hot or cold? Which one is it? "Cold." "Hot." (Laughter) You must start from the cold. You must start from the cold, all of you. The term "indemnity" is also cold, it is cold. 

What does that mean? Until now, the mindset of those doing home church has been reversed. They go to welcoming houses and do not go to opposing houses. Do not go to welcoming houses; only go to opposing houses. Keep going to opposing houses. Even if they oppose and make a fuss, go smiling and go against them, go against them. If they say they are going to die, dance and go against them. If they say not to come, keep smiling and go. (Laughter) 

If the wall has crumbled, build it up; if there is a hole, block it; if it has become dirty, mow the grass, do everything. Even if they keep opposing, the neighborhood will come out and say, "You brat!" and chase you away, even if you just want to stay. "If you don't like it, you can move!" That is what the neighborhood will say. It is opposition, opposition. 

Do you want to go from the cold or from the hot? "From the cold." You may go to cold places, but the people going must be hot. They must be hot. So, should you fight among yourselves, or should you encourage each other and uplift each other? What should you do? "Encourage each other." 

The cold people in that neighborhood hope you do not come, but the hot ones among you say, "Go. Go," so it is opposition. Do you understand? "Go quickly. Go to the place that opposes you. Why aren't you going? Go to the place that opposes you. Go." They will push you to go. "To each other?" (Interpreter) If your husband does not want to go, you should say, "Why aren't you going? Go, go." You should send him to go two or three times a day. You should send him to the house that is opposing. 

Then pray for a week and say, "Let's go again," and if nothing changes, come back and pray again. Then it will surely change. At that time, will the wife say, "Since we are being opposed, you go," or will she want to go together? "Together." 

If the wife is just a sleepyhead and says, "Oh, I need to sleep a bit, you do it," what will you do? No matter what, you must coax and persuade her to pray and take her along. (Laughter) You must coax her gently and persuade her nicely. Then, when home church is established, even if their mouths are open, both couples will say "Ah" together. If one opposes, the husband will open his mouth, but the wife will stay quiet. What will you do then? That is a disgrace to the neighborhood, a disgrace to the neighborhood. That is a disgrace to home church. 

Today, the teacher wanted to bring the mother. I wished I could have brought her here. I wanted to bring her all the way to Belvedere. I wanted to bring her. So I was watching carefully. (Laughter) The teacher thinks, "If you just got discharged yesterday and sat here today, waiting for the teacher's talk to end for three or four hours, historically..." After you give birth, how many complaints and excuses will there be? This is for American women. However, if the mother comes and goes, all that will disappear... So I wanted to bring her. 

At that time, when God sees, He does not complain, "Hey, Reverend Moon, you foolish child! Why don't you think about your wife?" Instead, He thinks, "Wow, what a true husband." That is how God sees it. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Do you want such a husband or one who is not like that? "Such a husband." You must be cruel. You must be a cruel husband in a public sense. If not, when I shout "Long live the Father!" I may receive a long live, but the mother will be like "Um—" It must be, "Long live the Father and me!" You cannot just do it alone. If that is not the case, I must... I must also shout long live. I want to create a mother who can do that. Is that bad? 

Become a diverse person with abilities in every aspect. 

Think about it. What kind of husband do you like? Is this good? "Yes." Is that an easy thing? "No." Then will women complain at home or not? Will they think, "He does not understand the purpose"? (Laughter) If that happens, they cannot complain. That is why I must do something that can be a model. I must sleep less, be busy, and not know when I slept for 24 hours... I have often sat and cried. I know that well. I am educating the mother. The man must be a man. He must educate the woman. You do not want to hear that, do you? (Laughter) 

That is why the content is different. You must know how much the content I am teaching here affects our lives, our life journey. And it determines the standards of good and value. You must understand that the content is significant. Do you understand? "Yes." 

What kind of husband do you want to be? Do you want to be a husband who is a model for women or one who is criticized by women? "A model husband." Women think, "I wish my husband would do well in principle lectures," but does he do all the principle lectures? "Yes." He does well in victory lectures, unification thought lectures, and revival meetings, and wherever he goes, he does not worry, and even if he wakes up, he does not worry, does he? "Yes." (Laughter) That is the wish of women. 

Then, even on the diplomatic stage, when meeting senators or presidents...
I hope you can be a husband who can easily solve difficult problems and come back, but is that so? "No" (laughter) While everyone else goes on vacation according to the season, goes to the sea to ride boats, goes fishing, I wish I could be taken fishing or to the sea just once, is that so? "Yes" (laughter) When I go there, I want to be able to sing, and I want to be able to do humor, and I want to be human and fun, is that so? "Yes" (laughter) 

I want to create a man that any woman can always like, and that is Reverend Moon's wish, is that bad? (applause) To create such a person, can I just sit at a desk? So I just chase them away, drag them around with the mobilization team, take them to the sea, tell them to do this and that, make them do things they don’t want to do, hit them, and tell them to climb the mountains, you little brats. 

Now, if I show up at the factory wearing a jacket, what happens? Do I become the boss or the factory manager, or not? "You do" (laughter) As a result, I get a lot of criticism; I hear all sorts of names like Korean evangelist, Korean businessman, Korean country person, and even Korean playboy. They call me Korean instead of American. They should say world evangelist, world businessman. That’s why if I become global, the name Korea also becomes global. (applause) 

Right now, Park Bo-hee is doing some diplomacy on the diplomatic stage, but I don’t think I will lose to Park Bo-hee. Park Bo-hee will acknowledge that too. (laughter, applause) Now, wherever I go, even if I’m not prepared, if you tell me to talk right away, I can tell jokes, I can make the audience cry, and I can talk quite well. If you tell me to write, I can write. I write speeches. Also, I can tell stories in a fun way. My mother, you know, likes to sit and listen to stories, and she keeps saying, "Let’s talk a little more." She’s tempting me. It’s fun. 

So, is it bad that I want to create such a man? Is that bad? "No" That’s why I say, "Fundraise. Evangelize. Do home church. Go somewhere. Negotiate. Do it." I’m telling those who graduated from seminary to learn martial arts, karate, and to do ocean church, and to go to the carp and demonstrate against communism, and to catch fish and sell them. I’m telling them to demonstrate and fight against communism. After graduating from seminary, if they get thrown out while fighting against communism, they should crawl back in, even if it’s seven or eight times. (laughter) As a result, they think, "Ah, this demonstration is really fun." 

I’ll ask the women. Do you prefer a diverse husband or a simple husband? Let’s ask that. "A diverse husband." You need a diverse husband like the teacher, right? "Yes." 

Before, I caught a big tuna, but now I think I need to spend 20 hours to catch the smallest fish. (laughter) So I think I should catch shrimp in South America, in Antarctica, rather than fish. That’s why I’m looking for such nets. It’s fun, isn’t it? 

The Unification Church has nothing. There’s nothing, but when I say, "Let’s do it once," we do everything. Wouldn’t it be good to have such a husband? "Yes." It’s tough. It’s tough. (laughter) But is it okay? "Yes." Since you said "yes," you all should now take your wives around diversely and make them suffer. (laughter) 

Recently, we have a farm in San Francisco, and there are sheep going up to the mountaintop, and when I say "whoosh," the sheep like it and follow me. When I see that… If you don’t do it, you won’t know. How wonderful is that? Sometimes you have to live like a mole in the mountains. How wonderful is that? Poetry and literature come out of it. Would it be okay if your husband took you to the mountaintop and lived like that? "Yes." Would it be okay to go out to sea, stay up all night, and suffer on a small boat? "Yes." Then you become diverse humans. You need to understand that diverse humans can all be made. 

Women must not fail to play that role. Women should always not complain to their husbands. Ordinary women complain, right? American women complain, right? "Why didn’t you come back last night?" and complain, "Why didn’t you call?"… Is there time to call when you’ve gone to the mountaintop? Women who complain without listening should be kicked out. Also, if a man becomes such a man, wouldn’t it be better for the woman to match his rhythm than not to? "It’s better to match." 

While researching is the fastest way. The other day, I told Park Bo-hee, "Make a newspaper company in two and a half months and start from the beginning of March." Then she said, "Oh, how can I…?" (laughter) So I told her to do it while giving her a pep talk, and she said, "How can I do it?" So I said, "How can you do it? You use all the facilities of News World and just take pictures. Fly it by plane." (laughter) So she flew it for a week. If you’re told to do it, you have to do it. How historical is this? (applause) 

If you present one problem, you should be able to think of ten solutions. 

So, what are you trying to do? Even though the Muni people are incompetent and receiving criticism, they always become leaders wherever they go. Everyone comes to discuss with Muni. There are no people like you. Is that right or wrong? "That’s right." If our Munis go and do the small subject, in three months, they will be welcomed. If they go to that house and talk for just one evening or two evenings, the owner will already come and say, "I was wrong." 

Going to the opposing house and saying, "Tonight we are having a wonderful banquet somewhere, and I’ll bring you an invitation, so please come," is what it is. Then when they come, they see hundreds of local dignitaries gathered for a wonderful banquet. Then when they ask who the speaker is, who else would it be? It’s the very Muni who was opposing them. They come out, and the bald-headed, pot-bellied guys are all like this. (gesturing) How wonderful is that? How wonderful is that? Then when they go home, they will be like, "Hahaha." How wonderful is that? 

When Reverend Moon was in prison, even though he was in prison, the guards would come and go, but after listening to him, many of the guards became members of the Unification Church. Even the guards are moved after listening to my words. So by the time I come out, I become famous. I become famous. Isn’t that wonderful? 

Everyone, what do you think was the hardest thing for me with Americans? Americans can only do one thing; they can’t do two or three things at the same time. "How can one person do three things at once? I do one, then two, then three; I can’t do three or four at once." This needs to be broken. 

Even the women in my house say, "I’m preparing meals, so I don’t know about doing the small subject," but that doesn’t work. Also, "I’m watching the baby, so I can’t go help over there," but that doesn’t work either. I’m quietly watching without saying anything. I think the girls who are only doing one thing in the kitchen won’t last long, and the girls who help each other will last longer. 

Among those who come to East Garden, table tennis has now reached the highest level. Swimming is now the best for me. I do it all day, 24 hours. I do it until I win. I can teach table tennis in my own way. Even if I don’t learn it in another way, I can teach it in my own way. I also have the ability to teach swimming without learning from others. I stand above everyone else, above everyone. When do I run around and sweat? Spending a lot of time is something I can’t stand. That’s Reverend Moon’s style. (laughter) Researching while doing is the fastest thing. 

I’ve even played the role of a beggar, yes, even the role of a beggar. I can’t be beaten when it comes to getting meals. You have to be quick-witted to get food. You look at people. If they don’t give you money, you say, "Hey, you little brat! Is this your attitude?" and give them a pep talk, saying, "It would be good to support someone like us who is just passing by." (laughter) 

So, who taught you how to fundraise? I taught you. So I am the ancestor of fundraising. (laughter) Therefore, those who learned fundraising can’t complain to me. "This is how you use that money," but it’s not for me; it’s used according to the purpose, so they can’t complain because I’m teaching them correctly. 

When you listen to the teacher’s words, it may seem complicated, but it’s really delicate, right? "Yes." It’s analytical and comprehensive. How complicated must that way of thinking be? And yet it’s scientific. It’s logical. That’s why we play this game. 

So, when you come on Sundays, would you prefer to have the teacher there or Park Bo-hee? "The teacher." How about Dr. Dust? Do you prefer the teacher or Dr. Dust? "The teacher." Dr. Dust is known for being good with words because he does literature, right? Do you think he speaks better than the teacher? "No." Why "no"? Dr. Dust talks about what he read in books, but he doesn’t know how to create, be specific, and be comprehensive like the teacher. I know. The quality is different. The content is different. 

So, will you go live with Dr. Dust, or will you follow the teacher? "I’ll follow the teacher." Why? If you don’t, you’ll be in big trouble. It’s a big deal. (laughter) Living with Dr. Dust for ten years isn’t much, but living with Reverend Moon for ten years, you think you’ll become a different person. It’s different. You think you’ll change. Because there’s a function of comparison, that’s why. Now that I’ve said this, you understand. Now men are diverse men, and women are diverse women… 

You should think that you will succeed through what you dislike. If I play the role of a beggar, you would probably criticize me, right? (laughter) If I ask you for money, what would you do? What would you do if that happened? What would you do? "I will give you everything." That’s all you can say. You have to give everything and think that you will do it. You have to think that way; no matter how much you give, it won’t work. 

Even if I do that, I don’t think it’s shameful. It’s not for me. If an American is struggling for America and almost dies and is hospitalized, and I have to earn the hospital bill for them, then I won’t feel ashamed even if I live like a beggar. I’m not ashamed of my parents, anyone, or even my wife. I’m dignified. Is that shameful? "No." It’s a precious time when a person lives or dies in a few hours. I do that. 

I went to the Korean countryside and made fertilizer by squishing dung with my hands. I’ve done that job too. When they bring lunch, there’s no time to wash and eat. I just grab a bag of bread and eat it all, throwing away just the bag. It’s enough to eat deliciously, deliciously. (laughter) How poetic is that? How wonderful is that? (laughter) 

If I go to Africa now, I will bathe even in black water. I’ve bathed a lot in dirty water in the past. There’s nothing strange about that. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

I digest all of that poetically and emotionally. That concept is terrifying. If you get sick and think, "Oh, I’m going to die from this illness," you will die. But if you think, "This illness is to bring me blessings, to make me healthier," then you become healthy. You become healthier. When that illness invades me and then leaves, I become healthier. 

My mother, you know, I’ve told her several times to finish my three-hour talk within two hours. If I talk for two hours, I would say to shorten it by 30 minutes to one and a half hours, and if it’s one and a half hours, I would say to make it one hour, and if it’s one hour, I would say to make it half an hour, and if it’s half an hour, I would say to make it 15 minutes, but what can you do in 15 minutes? My mother thinks about health a lot because I’m getting older. What can you do in 15 minutes? (laughter) 

So when I say that, if they tell me to talk for two hours, I will do it for two hours, but I will do it for three or four hours. I do it on purpose to forget that. (laughter) So it doesn’t please my mother. That’s why I’m a man that my mother can’t understand. If she complains once, she gets flattened. I explain everything. "Why is that?" and I explain everything. I’m talking logically. 

Now, I’ve said a lot, but do you all like diverse men and diverse women? "Yes." You all are holding onto each other, saying, "Home church 360 houses, now it will be 720 houses." Everyone is saying, "I can’t go. I can’t go. It would be good if you take me." I will create a person who ties everyone up tightly; don’t you dislike that? It’s the same as when you say you like the teacher. "Oh, teacher, please don’t leave America. You must not leave America." It’s the same. So is the teacher bad? 

These days, I’ve been watching the church members; since the wind is blowing and it’s gloomy, they all think, "I hope the boat doesn’t go out today." When I say, "You little brats, mobilize!" they all say, "Oh, I’m seasick, so I’ll go upstairs and tour." Then when I say, "You brat, go up front!" and hit them, they have no choice but to go like this. Then by evening, they are standing there again, you little brats. (laughter) 

You have to like it, and for what you dislike… How many things do you do because you like them? How many people succeed because they like what they do? You should think that you have to succeed through what you dislike. You should think that you will succeed through what you dislike. 

Even in fulfilling my purpose, the established churches oppose me, the high officials oppose me, and the scholars of the upper class oppose me, so I thought, "I have to work as a laborer and become the leader of beggars to fulfill my purpose through the beggar’s den." It’s diverse. Have you ever thought like that? "Yes." 

What do you think God thinks? What do you think from the spiritual world? I think that the foundation of Muni, which cannot be supported by God and the spiritual world, is established in the spiritual world. That’s how it becomes. Then in the spiritual world, they gather the beggars. Also, they gather all the capable people among the workers. Being a beggar’s parent is even greater. Are all beggar parents bad?
I am someone who is confident that if the United States opposes, I can lay the groundwork through South America to make the United States surrender. If Europe opposes, I have the confidence to make Europe surrender through Africa. Once I get involved, I am someone who will do it regardless of what anyone says. Is that bad? "No."

So now you all need to make yourselves into various people, and you must take complete responsibility for everything from home church for your entire life. It’s not just for a moment. An ideal couple is one that can hold onto each other until they grow old and die; if you give up midway, you cannot be an ideal couple.

Be independent.
You all want to have children, right? "Yes." Do you want to have them? "Yes." If you have children, does your burden become lighter or heavier? "Heavier." Then, does living together as a couple make your burden heavier compared to living alone before marriage? "Heavier."

So, if you worked eight hours when living alone, you have to work sixteen hours when living together. If you have children, you have to work eighteen hours. Then how many hours do you have left? Six hours. If you subtract three hours for eating from those six hours, you have three hours left. So you sleep for three hours. How is that? This way, you are not dependent on anyone. I am trying to avoid being dependent. "Working eight hours and having a partner and children" — how nice would that be? There is no such thing.

You all know that love is good, but do you know that treasures can attract thieves? Do you know that? Yes, being a couple is good, but do you know that it comes with a cross? While living as a couple, it’s not all about having a wonderful home and a great job and living a life that others envy; that’s not it. In a married life, it doesn’t matter if the job is great or what. You don’t need that. There is no such thing. You must have the ability to do anything. The cross is both a single cross and a double cross. You have your own cross, but there is a bigger cross here. The woman’s cross is bigger. It’s harder. And then the cross of having children is even bigger.

So, it may seem good to get married, but once you go through it, oh… (laughter) So what will you do? Are you confident? That’s why it’s good that you have come into the Unification Church. Because of home church and loving your country, I can have the capacity and the ability to endure. You should be grateful for being in such an amazing organization.

How many of you here envy the teacher? Raise your hands if you envy the teacher. Those who envy the teacher might receive blessings from God. Raise your hands. Put them down. The teacher’s position is not easy. Even Dr. Durst, if he has no money, says "Father," and Kamiyama also says, "Father, I need money" if he has no money. If there is no money, everyone comes to the teacher. (laughter) If the teacher has no money, would he say to God, "Heavenly Father, I need money"? (laughter)

This Park Bo-hee these days is always looking for where to talk about money whenever he has time because of the Washington Times. Would it be better at night or during the day? If he feels a little good, he talks about it. The number of people has increased significantly. Because the Washington Times reports that it’s good, when the teacher feels good and says, "Oh, I need a little money," he reaches out his hand. If there is money, it’s fine, but what if there isn’t? To connect the world, you have to do all sorts of things. Don’t you dislike that? Wouldn’t you dislike that? "No."

Everything bad and urgent is reported to the teacher. However, good reports are not all shared. When sitting in East Garden, there are more bad reports than good ones. Someone died, someone died in a car accident, someone was executed in prison, all sorts of hardships are heard, and various rumors come in. Is that the same for you? "No." It’s like that all day long. You have to take responsibility for that. It all connects to this brain. It must all be connected to this nervous system. It must be resolved.

So you think, "The teacher has a lot of money and all that, so when we get married, he will buy us a house," but do you expect to buy a house and help? "No." "Oh, I’ve done so much fundraising over the years, so I hope to receive a tenth of that." You think like that, right? "No." "I’ve suffered so much, so surely he will help." You think like that, right? "No." Only two people said "No." Everyone else is silent. "No!"

The teacher doesn’t think like that. I’ve done it all my life, but I’m not the kind of person who prays, "God, please buy me a house. Please help me" because of money. How can I pray when I’m still alive? Without making an effort, without making an effort to help… So it’s the same now. You have to do the things that others don’t do. You must be independent. The conclusion is that you must be independent. Not only that, but you also need to help your fellow members’ home churches.

How many thousands of couples are getting married this time? "Two thousand couples." It will be over two thousand couples. How many couples do you plan to marry in your home church? When the teacher goes to the spirit world, you all have to marry them, right? If the teacher is no longer here, those people will say, "You are people who have been educated by the teacher, so please marry us just like when the teacher was alive." Will they say that or not? Think about it. Would they or wouldn’t they? "Yes."

Then how many couples do you plan to marry? Have you thought about that? Even this time, the marriage expenses are all insufficient. Where can you get married with three hundred dollars? (laughter) I am the one who covers that insufficient money. So while you raised the necessary money in the U.S., I didn’t spend a single penny of that fundraising money.

When home church is established, it becomes a traditional tribe of the heavenly kingdom.
So, does that money just come in as it is? "No." You have to create a way for it to come in. Right? "Yes." The teacher is not dependent on you. I am here in America, but I am not dependent on America. I am working in South America, but I am not dependent on South America; I am laying the groundwork. I am still laying the groundwork in Africa. So, would it be comfortable? Do you envy the teacher? It’s nice to be welcomed wherever you go… If you only envy the welcoming part and leave out the responsibility, then you are a thief.

What about you? Will you be the children of Reverend Moon, the master, or the children of the servant? "The master’s children." Then if you are the master’s family, you must receive the education of the master’s household. You must receive strict education, strict education. You must receive exceptional education. *Is that kind of education good? "Yes." What is "yes"? Your mouth easily opens to say "yes," but the concept is different. Every time the teacher speaks to you, you analyze and discuss it, saying, "I don’t like that." You do that. That is the truth. I don’t believe in blindly answering "yes." It is true. (*From here, speaking in English) You must swallow and digest everything without criticism.

For Americans, this is really difficult; it’s hard to educate. When a little child is being dragged by their mother’s hand and the mother says, "Do this," they should say "yes," not "Oh, why do you say that? It’s because dad is like this, right? I don’t like it." Can you say that? Parents speak from their experience. When you are young, you don’t know if it’s good or bad; you learn everything. You learn by trying and experiencing. What is there to criticize?

I talked about home church, but how many people are doing home church? If it were a school, you would go to college every day, but since there are no exams and no credits, you are playing around. How is that? There are many excuses. People who intend to live a married life must have children of faith; otherwise, they cannot do it, so their eyes are wide open, and these days they are working hard to evangelize.

Why is that? Did Reverend Moon decide that? Why do we need three people? Without restoring Noah’s family, your own family cannot come out. Without restoring Adam’s family, your own family cannot come out. You must find the failures of Adam’s family and Noah’s family to stand in your original position; you cannot just cut them off and stand. Otherwise, you would have to kill everyone in the world. If you say that, it means only Adam and Eve would remain, and everyone else should die. Why does it have to be like that? Where do the three people come from? They come from the twelve.

Where do the twelve come from? They come from the seventy-two. Where do the seventy-two come from? They must come from the one hundred twenty. Do you know why the teacher blessed the one hundred twenty families? It was because the teacher had to stand above the one hundred twenty families.

Next, the four hundred thirty families; this matches the four thousand three hundred years in Korea. It must be matched. Here, all kinds of people are included. There are sinners, and all sorts of people must be included. There must be murderers and robbers; all sorts of people must be there. Only then can a door be created for the people of the world to enter, and a path can be made. On this foundation, the three seven families (777 families) will emerge. This is the last step until the teacher’s marriage. This is up to the seventh. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Do you know what that means? Here, there will be a way for many nations, all the nations of the world, to connect. (While explaining on the board)

In this position, there are children of the world’s pirate gangs, children of robbers, children of dictators; they are all there. You must open that door. You must connect another tradition so that those people can be saved. On this foundation, on that global foundation, the teacher stands. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

There are 1,800 couples, 2,000 couples, and thousands of couples, but up to this point, the teacher cannot avoid doing it. This is official. After that, the teacher does not have to do the 1,800 couples or 2,000 couples. Do you think the teacher has any responsibility to marry them? On this foundation, on this foundation, we can establish four hundred thirty families. By establishing this, this stands, this stands, and this stands, leading up to the teacher… (pointing to what he wrote on the board)

If you draw this, it centers around the teacher and becomes like this, and this is this, and this is that. Like this, one, two, three, four… This grows and takes responsibility. This form, when reduced, is home church. (While drawing)

You are 700 people. Originally, it is 720 people. In the future, this home church member will enter 720 families. What is this? It is the 72 elders, the 72 elders. The 72 elders are representatives of the nations. They are like Moses’ 70 elders. At this time, it is not nationalism; it is globalism. Since it is the age of globalism, it is ten times more. In the future, if home church is established centered around one family, it will become a traditional tribe of the heavenly kingdom that can inherit the sovereignty of that country. In the teacher’s era, it can be established in a flat manner centered around many nations, many ethnicities, without being restricted by borders, transcending borders; you must understand that this is an amazing fact that has been decided.

When home church is completed, it will compensate for what Jesus could not do.
So, crossing borders and transcending sovereignty, we start as one world, one world. The communist world must also do home church, and everywhere must do home church. What does that mean? If Zechariah’s family of John the Baptist and Joseph’s family had a unified foundation, Jesus would not have died no matter where he came, and that is the same as this foundation. It is just laying the groundwork to inherit the nation.

Then, what about you, who have nothing? You are like John the Baptist, and not only that, you are qualified to inherit Jesus’ qualifications. You are sent as such qualified people. What is the home church area? It is not the foundation where John the Baptist was opposed and where Jesus was opposed; it is a foundation that is welcomed. You are sent there. Everything will be established within three years. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." That is not just words; it is the truth. In the spirit world, it will be like that.

So, if you work in this home church and complete it, it will be a foundation that is ahead of the foundation that Jesus established over two thousand years. What is that? Jesus came as the True Parents and received blessings but could not become the head of the home church. He could not become the tribal messiah and could not receive blessings.

We can stand on the foundation of the world after compensating for that of Jesus. Completion is standing on the foundation that has completed the growth stage. Therefore, the conclusion is that the process of home church must absolutely not go wrong because you cannot stand without fulfilling Jesus’ mission. The mission of Jesus is to stand on the completion level of the growth stage, but it has failed. This is absolutely necessary. You must understand that home church is absolutely necessary. If you don’t do that, you cannot go to the spirit world.

So, the three people… What does this mean? It is a family unit. It is about compensating for the family of Adam and the family of Noah. Since there are three men and women with parents, this makes eight people, eight people. Based on this standard, twelve people must surround it. It must be like this. That’s why Jesus also had twelve disciples, right? If you don’t have twelve disciples, you cannot stand in Adam’s position in the future because you will have no one to send to the twelve tribes centered around yourself. Adam must stand in the position of the parents to establish a tribal relationship with the twelve tribes, but where is this? (While explaining on the board)

Then what about the tribe? The tribe surrounds the nation, the nation. This is the seventy-two people. There must be seventy-two people around. (Pointing to what he wrote on the board)

Then what about the country? The fence of this country is the one hundred twenty. You must connect the one hundred twenty to the world’s nations. Because the teacher of the Unification Church did this, you all inherit that condition. That’s why in 1975, it was sent to more than 120 countries, as representatives of the world. You must establish families before the world. Therefore, establishing these one hundred twenty families is inevitable to find the global authority centered around the national standard. It is unavoidable.

The reason why three children of faith are needed
If you are going to do home church in the future, creating one hundred twenty families is not a problem. The seven hundred twenty families are also not a problem. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." It is inevitable. So, without three people, you cannot get married.

What we are doing is restoring Noah’s family and the position of Adam and Eve, and centered around these three children, we must create eight family members, but where is the foundation of those eight family members? If this is not there, you must stand in the position of having only two children who are not fallen, but can you stand there? Are you innocent? Are you the original Adam and Eve? Are you the unfallen Adam and Eve? "No." Since you have fallen, you cannot do it. That’s why you must start from here. (Pointing to what he wrote on the board)

Why did Jesus wash the feet of all twelve disciples while tying a towel?
Do you know what it means? If you can't make one out of twelve people, the will regarding sons and daughters cannot be fulfilled. Among the disciples, there was someone who betrayed Jesus, right? What does that mean? It's like winter. It's like the three months of winter among spring, summer, autumn, and winter. It wasn't just one person who opposed; three people were gossiping about it. What is this Soviet communism? It's winterism. Not just the winter season, but winterism, the ideology of winter. It's the Arctic, the Arctic. Only by overcoming winter culture can you enter the new heaven. If you don't overcome communism, you can't enter heaven. It means spring isn't coming. This democratic world is a temperate zone civilization, a temperate zone civilization. It's all temperate. And yet, they are seeking heaven. In ancient times, ancient Rome—Rome was polytheistic—what about Babylon or Egypt? They all belong to the tropical civilization within the Greek sphere.

So, when the temperate zone civilization is invaded by the cold communist sphere, all the leaves fall off here. This democratic world is left bare, with all the flowers and leaves having fallen off, and now it's a matter of life or death. There must be at least some life left. It's left with only bare bones. Today, the church has become nothing but bones. However, it must remain alive. When spring comes, it must be able to revive. 

Now, what we have done is overcome the ancient tropical civilization, the temperate civilization, and the cold civilization. You must understand that this ideology is the Unification Church ideology. It must clash with America, that is, democracy, and clash with communism... Do you understand what that means? "Yes." You must not die there. You must survive among them. When spring arrives there, new leaves will emerge.

Our families are the same. They must overcome all difficulties and be families capable of digesting the world's hardships to welcome the new spring, so they can start as a standard of peace. To do that, communism must be completely overcome. 

So, should there be three sons and daughters, or not? "There should be." That's why Jesus also needed three disciples, three disciples. All the twists and turns of history must be resolved, and since there are no world, nation, people, or family, it cannot be resolved in their place. Originally, before there were twelve people, there must be three people; if there are no three people, there cannot be twelve. So, centered on the three families that evangelized, when you have mother, father, sons, and daughters, it becomes four people each. Three times four equals twelve, it happens all at once. Families that do not oppose will simply be blessed and enter. Do you understand? That's how it is.

Among the twelve families, there can be as many as 72 families. Six people each. If you include these 72 families with their in-laws, it becomes 144 families. The 72 families can enter as many as they want. It can also be the mother's side and the father's side, right? That's why, centered on the three families, when the twelve families are completely connected and the 72 families are connected, it is possible to form a tribal organization.

If these eight people do not become one, Noah's family cannot land on the earth and will remain floating on the sea, so they cannot settle down; they cannot settle down, that is the principle. That is not Reverend Moon's words. It is not Reverend Moon's thoughts.

The teacher also suffered all kinds of persecution to solve this. In 1960, Reverend Moon held a blessing ceremony, but even after being engaged, if he didn't have three sons and daughters engaged, he couldn't get married. He gets married after doing this. Now that he is married, he can bless.

Centered on this, twelve families, thirty-six families, seventy-two families, one hundred twenty-four families, four hundred thirty families, seven hundred seventy-seven families... (while writing on the board) This (430 families) is to connect all the people of Korea, and this (777 families) is to open the way to connect all people of the world. Once this is done, everything is finished. This is a global representative, this is a national representative, this is a family representative, and since everything has been created, it has opened the way for anyone to come in. (pointing to what he wrote)

What is the reason for such a game? It is because without it, there is no way for the world to advance. This has no benefit for Reverend Moon. It has no benefit for the Unification Church, but it is done for the world. It is wonderful because the teacher did such things. It is wonderful because he made us do such things. So, Satan is bothered...

If it weren't for that, you all would have to walk that path. Because this foundation has been laid, this world nation is established based on the traditional connection that Korea has provided, so you can just enter the home church realm without such a miserable path. You cannot skip home church. Now, do you understand how tremendous this is? "Yes."

All sacrifices in history are for me
The man and woman who have lived until now are Adam and Eve. They are two people. They are like the cells of two people. Therefore, many sacrificed people have sacrificed for Adam and for Eve, and have come to fulfill the conditions of indemnity. In other words, if you look at all the people of the historical era, they are men and women, where the male representative is Adam and the female representative is Eve. Everything has moved for the completion of one Adam and one Eve, so you must understand that all sacrifices made in Christianity and other religions have been for the completion of Adam and Eve. You must understand that they sacrificed for men and women.

You must understand how many conditions of indemnity were established for the completion of Adam and Eve. The massacre of Christians in the Roman era, the massacre of Jews during World War II, all of it is indemnity. They have all paid the price of indemnity. Even now, Christians are being massacred in the communist sphere. You must understand that all these sacrifices have been made to walk the path of indemnity. It is for the completion of Adam and Eve. That completion of Adam and Eve is something we must do, so ultimately, it means that I have sacrificed like that instead of them, you all!

The six million Jews who died during World War II are because of me, and the Christians who were massacred for four hundred years during the Roman era are because of me, and the Christians who are being massacred before communism now are because of me. You must understand that I have the responsibility to liberate them from the foundation of such resentment. I have the responsibility to liberate them for our ancestors spiritually and for our generations physically.

Although Jesus is called the Lamb of God who takes away the sins of the world, you are the Lamb of God who takes away the sins of the world. You must understand that you stand in such a position. You have borne such a cross. You do this because you want to. You are not doing it because you dislike it. No one can tell you to go or not go. I am going, I.

Start home church from August 1
What is grateful is that the teacher has come out and laid the groundwork for victory, allowing us to enter a time where we can indemnify and restore what could not be achieved over thousands of years in the historical era. This is amazing. In seven years, it will all be over. In seven years, it will all be finished. Since the secrets of Satan have been blown up like this, do you think Satan will just retreat? The Satan who has slandered God for six thousand years...

You must take pride in knowing that God has also participated as a soldier in making Satan, who could not be subdued for six thousand years, submit. We are soldiers. What God could not govern for six thousand years, we can govern. I am going alone toward the enemy camp of Satan. That is exactly like David going against Goliath and the Goliath army. David single-handedly blocked everything.

When you think of that, we have the heart bullet that can pierce through the ground, the heart bullet. If it hits, it will knock them all down. That is the fight we are engaged in. So what did David become? "King." That is why it is said that he reigns with Jesus Christ.

How about it? Do you want to do it once? "Yes." Now you understand why we must do home church, right? "Yes." Do you understand the value of home church? You are all still alive, so why do you say it is hard? How many have died because of me? How many have sacrificed? In Rome, during the four hundred years of persecution...

How many people praised God's glory while being eaten by lions, appealing for the realization of the ideal world of Christianity? You must understand that. Now, the lions are sick. So they are all dying, but can’t we go? You all must understand that because of me, the world, heaven and earth, and history are being influenced. Only then can you become sons and daughters of God; otherwise, do you qualify as sons and daughters of God? Where are you going? "To home church." But do you say, "I will stay in a New Yorker building"? A New Yorker is just a temporary place. What will you do? What will you do? Then where will you go? "To home church." Plan to place everyone here.

Everyone in New York should be placed in the New York home church. New Yorkers should now be in hotels. Because it’s raining, everyone is in the rain. I think it would be good to have hotels. Since it is the most central location near the convention center, it will do very well. It will be a good money-making opportunity. The convention center has a contract until 200 years from now, so our New Yorker hotel can also be contracted until 200 years from now. The New Yorker hotel is closest to the convention center. So it is the most spiritual place. (laughter)

Now, do you have any objections? So, do you have to volunteer to go, or do I have to explain more to make you go? If I explain more, you will feel more burdened. You must understand that. If you go without knowing, you will receive the reward of loyalty, but if you go knowing, you will not receive the reward of loyalty. You will be blessed if you go without knowing, but if you go knowing, you will not be blessed. You don’t need to talk about home church anymore, right? You have talked about that for four years. From 1977 to 78, 79, 80, 81, it has been five years. It has been a full four years. It should be enough. On the first day of August, the date is very good. Do you know why I chose August 1? Because the number 8 is a number of new beginnings. It is a new start; you are making a new start.

That Kim Won-pil, how nice it is. He has completed all the home church members in one evening, in one evening. Now, raise your hand if you think home church is not needed. Then raise your hand if you think it is needed. You know it is needed, but you want to wait a little longer, raise your hand. Raise your hand if you want to go immediately. Are you going to go immediately or slowly? "Immediately."

After completing home church, let's go on a honeymoon
Now you all, honeymoon, how do you have a honeymoon? (laughter) Has the teacher ever had a honeymoon, or not? Answer me. How did it go? Did the teacher have a honeymoon or not? Answer me. "I have not had one." I do not know what a honeymoon is. Once you receive this, I am going on a honeymoon now. I am going on a honeymoon. Do you want that, or not? "We want it." "We must take you with us. We must go together. Oh, the teacher cannot go alone," you all say, right? "No." Just like when the teacher left, he set up blessed families in front of the Korean people instead of his own family, by organizing this home church, the teacher is finally going on a honeymoon instead of you all. Therefore, once you finish home church, I will take you around with several cars and let you have a honeymoon. That is what I am hoping for. I think I must take you with me. Don’t you dislike that? "No." Don’t you want to go together?

After I come back from the honeymoon, you all will complete home church...
When you go on your honeymoon, I will charter a plane and take you on a world tour. How wonderful would that be! I think about taking you all on your honeymoon, how does that sound? "Sounds good." "Right now, I’m traveling for your honeymoon to gather information to guide you in the future." How great is that! (Laughter) How wonderful it is!

Now, no matter where the teacher is, you all... If that happens, I will have a pipe and, as I mentioned before, I think I should drink alcohol to my heart's content. Is it a sin to taste what alcohol is like? (Laughter) I want to see how great the power of this alcohol is. Only then can I forgive the drunkenness by saying, "I tasted it, so it makes sense." "Since I tried it, I can forgive you." When I say, "God, please forgive me because it could all happen," wouldn't God say, "Oh, really? Since you tasted it, I will forgive you"? 

Raise your hand if you have ever used drugs among you. You all must have tried it, right? You are forgiven. I will forgive you. If I, as a representative, tried it once to forgive you, would I go to heaven or hell? I think it could happen. I think it could happen. In a place filled with women sitting in a bar, if I get drunk and sing and make a fuss, I can forgive that. I can do that. I’m not saying I would do something bad.

Then, the pastors of established churches would take pictures and slander me. When God sees that slander, would He say, "Hmm," or would He bless me instead? It could be that way, right? This is how I see it. I will not only be a friend of religious people but also befriend gangsters, drug dealers, and alcohol sellers to save them. What’s wrong with that? It could happen.

So, when you think about where the teacher is in the future, don't just say, "Oh, where did the teacher go?" and think, "Oh, I heard he went to France. He went to a famous restaurant where people dance naked." Don't just fall over in shock. I think I need to investigate everything again, including how much Satan is involved. (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean? That’s why I’m researching Hollywood and Las Vegas. I need to create heaven. You all agree?

Here in New York, if I can repent and liberate all the thousands of prostitutes and their pimps, would God say I did well or not? Is that bad or good? "Good." So, I need to go there and talk to them.

Now, I think I should try a honeymoon. Do you welcome that? "Yes." You are suffering, right? "But it’s okay." How much would your parents scold me? But whether they scold me or not, I’m not someone who fears such scolding. I’m busy following my path, and I don’t care if I get scolded or beaten.

Your wedding day is Thursday, right? On Thursday, I thought, "Oh, I’m sad that I can’t go on a honeymoon," and I said, "Let’s take a vacation from Thursday to Sunday." "Oh, really?" I celebrated the American Independence Day... How wonderful would that honeymoon be! Celebrating Independence Day while thinking of it as a honeymoon, how wonderful is that! It’s Independence Day, and having a honeymoon while celebrating it, how great is that! (Laughter) Who has a honeymoon while celebrating Independence Day? That’s truly a wonderful honeymoon.

But no one suggested to me, "Oh, let’s have fireworks to celebrate." Don’t they do that? "They do." No, at our party, no one suggested it. On the first day of the month, on the wedding day. "It would be nice." (Laughter)

I think it would be great to have a more grand fireworks display than any Independence Day in America and broadcast it nationwide. What do you think? "Sounds good." The teacher has no hobbies. If you suggest this, I would have a hobby, but since I’m saying it and you think it’s good, I have no hobby. (Laughter) Isn’t that right? You should be the ones to say you want to do it, but no one... "Sounds good." Not good! (Laughter)

The blessed family is the core of the cosmic textbook.
I lost track of time while talking, and a lot of time has passed. Time, you are so heartless! (Laughter) So now...

Do you have three sons and daughters? Raise your hands. Oh dear, that’s a lot. What is it that you are doing in the Unification Church for the purpose of the will and the church? It’s evangelism, evangelism. You taught your parents to write at least one letter a week, right? To your siblings too... Can you do that reasonably? Can you do that reasonably?

You need 40 days after getting married, right? "Yes." Why? Why? After you get married, you are in a chaotic situation. You meet your wife and husband in a complicated environment and mindset, and you cannot establish a loving relationship with such a chaotic heart, according to the principle.

Moreover, for those who are in opposition from parents, siblings, and various environments... Such people must be better than any family. They must find a pure and clean place better than any family that has existed for thousands of years, better than any family in the 4,000 years of history since Abraham. Forty days is too short. You must have the determination that you will never fall again.

Now, you are engaged and haven’t even held hands yet, but you can hold hands after marriage. If you are not embarrassed, go ahead and kiss. But can you do that? Once you kiss, it’s already... How do you feel? Doesn’t it remind you of past sins? They want to do things that they shouldn’t do. This must be settled. It must be settled. You should meet directly, sit together, and look at each other saying, "There is no one but you. You are the only one." Can you do that?

Among many beautiful women’s photos, can you choose your wife and say, "This is my beloved, the most beautiful among beauties"? Can you launch a full attack with your eyes, ears, thoughts, hands, head, and love? Can you have a heart that targets like a bomb hitting the target? Can you do that? That’s the problem. The songs you sang while looking at the clouds are all in the past. You are getting married to fulfill the content that can sing and write poetry about yourself.

Therefore, if you have lived in a way that is not right until now, you should think, "Ah, this is the queen among the love I have had until now, and I am the king among love." You should think that your husband is a king and your wife is a queen. All the friends you met in the past were just drinking buddies, mere servants. You met mere servants because there were no queens back then. You shouldn’t think about the past.

You got married and thought, "Oh, this is worse than my old boyfriend or girlfriend." You shouldn’t think that way. Although the appearance may not be handsome, think that this box may not be good, but inside it is filled with treasures. The worse the case or box, the better the jewels inside. That’s the truth. The faith world is like that, the faith world is.

The face, the appearance is like a box, like a case, and those who are good-looking are seen as lacking in faith. The uglier ones have better hearts. Such people are thought to be on the right path. Beautiful people, good-looking people are very unpleasant. The path of faith is abnormal. Such people walk an abnormal path of faith. Do you know that? Do you like being abnormal? Why do you get distracted by such things? Which do you prefer? Normal or abnormal? "Normal." We like the king of the normal. That’s the truth. Just like me... (Laughter) The blessed family has such a background... How vast it is! How vast it is!

The core of the cosmic textbook is my family. The core of the cosmic textbook is my family. That’s my family. Everything is here. God is there, the world is playing there, the nation is playing there, my happiness comes from there, and our family’s happiness comes from there. When I say, "My beloved!" both the loving God and the universe say, "Ha ha ha ha." How is that? So, "I am the one who has such things. My wife has such things, my husband has such things," how wonderful is that! Do you understand? "Yes." What do you call such a family? "Blessed family." Just hearing the word blessed family makes me feel so good...

Advance with a dream for home church.
Now, is there a real man and a real wife there? How wonderful... When you are at a banquet, dancing and having fun, do you hold hands looking at faces? You hold hands based on feelings. Once your fingertips touch, that’s already good. Do you do it looking at faces? Really? A man only needs a woman’s hand, and a woman only needs a man’s hand. If men bump into each other, that’s fine, but if a man and a woman bump into each other, that’s just how it is. In the future, I will allow completely united families to dance and learn to dance. (Laughter) If that happens, I would like to learn to dance and try it out. (Applause)

There are disco dances and twist dances, but I think I need to create a dance. What kind of dance? It’s a circle dance. It goes backward and forward, a dance like that... (Laughter) You live like this, but you should at least have such hopes. Can you say that’s bad, you guys! (Laughter) Shouldn’t we do such things and enjoy ourselves?

So, if our TV broadcasts globally through satellites, when I say, "Do you want to go hiking?" you will say "Yes." When it’s daytime here in America, it’s midnight in Korea. So when we say, "Let’s go hiking," we will hike during the day here, but it will be night over there. How wonderful is that? 

At that time, we will do folk dances while watching TV. When I lift my left foot, you lift your left foot, and when I say, "One, two!" you look at my face and say, "One, two!" How wonderful is that! (Mimicking dance moves while speaking. Laughter) When I dance, you will dance too. (Laughter) While others are fussing about going to bed, we will be laughing and having fun. How great is that? (Applause)

My life has been miserable. My life has indeed been miserable. But I had many dreams. Those dreams are being realized. When I dance, all races will dance together, which used to be a dream, but now it has become an environment where it can all be realized. So even if we are in a situation where we are being persecuted while doing home church, we should think about our future dreams and say, "Ah! Father, thank you." We should have that mindset even in places where persecution is severe. When tears fall while saying, "Father, thank you," how impressive is that?

There is literature there, and art blooms there. How wonderful is that! That’s not a bad thing. Don’t be discouraged; since you have started home church, continue until you conquer everything. Amen! 

Now, raise your hand if you want to do that. What time is it? "It’s exactly twelve o’clock." Six hours have passed. (Applause) Thank you. 
* 
Selected Words of Rev. Sun Myung Moon <Volume> 
Printed January 15, 2002 
Published January 25, 2002 
Editor: Rev. Sun Myung Moon's Words Compilation Committee 
Publisher: Hwang Seon Jo 
Publishing Company: Seonghwa Publishing Co., Ltd. 
Address: 172-1 Cheongpa-dong 1-ga, Yongsan-gu, Seoul 
Phone Number: 715-3894-6, 701-0110 (Cheongpa Bookstore) 
FAX Number: 701-1991 
Registration Number: No. 3-98 
Registration Date: May 20, 1961