Collected Speeches of Rev. Sun Myung Moon
123
Compiled by Rev. Sun Myung Moon's Speech Compilation Committee

Foreword
                   President of the Family Federation for World Peace and Unification  Hwang Sun Jo

Table of Contents
  Foreword …………………………………………………… 3
··························································································9
······················································································· 70
·····················································································156
·····················································································165
·····················································································190
·····················································································277
·····················································································400
·····················································································400

6   
7 
8   
9 
The Necessity of Business 
  Everyone, how long has it been since you last saw the teacher? "Two and a half months." It feels longer than two and a half months, but did you all meet before that? So, how is it? How does it feel to have meetings now compared to when we used to have them once a month? 
Individuals, nations, and the future must be prepared 
  Did many missionaries come to the recent scientists' conference? "17 leaders came, and the remaining 12 are currently getting their visas after attending the last training (Gwak Jeong-hwan)." To the scientists' conference? "Yes." If anyone has a report, please share it. Africa, someone from there, report. Who is it, Zaire? "Gregory." Gregory. Stand up and talk, come here. (There was a report afterward.)
  Even the missionaries don't know this. Listening to the conversation, they don't know. "Who?" The missionaries, you don't know about the mission situation and our activities. So next, even if time passes, let's listen to something necessary. Where did Manager Park go? Where did he go? Where did that guy go? So, is there anyone else to report? Have all the missionaries reported? "There are still more, the main leaders." Do the main leaders have anything to report?
10   
The teacher is doing many things you don't know about today. You don't know that, do you? 
  Any country, social organization, or person that cannot prepare for the future is bound to fall and fail. It's the same. The Unification Church is the same. If the Unification Church does not prepare for the future, it will face the same fate. 
  So, from the current standard of the environment for evangelism, you are only at the national level, but the teacher cannot help but prepare for the future world, the future America, and future world issues. So, the teacher is preparing for the future of America and the world. America cannot do it, so the teacher must do it. Otherwise, the democratic world and America will fall. 
  Therefore, the teacher is talking about the Moscow conference.... I am at the forefront of fighting against the Communist Party, the Communist Party worldwide. Even America cannot do it, and America is retreating. 
  Thus, a shield is emerging to prevent the democratic world and the world from falling, and this work will be succeeded in the future. Do you understand? So, you need to know that preparation is necessary. Do you understand what it means? "Yes." 
  You are currently struggling with your responsibilities, wondering whether to retreat or not, but what is the preparation for the future of the country and the world? It cannot exist. 
  Ten years ago, after you received the blessing, I occasionally said that you should prepare for family issues, but young people did not understand what that meant. 'What does family issues have to do with this?' The teacher has been thinking about that until now, investing a lot of money to prepare a significant economic foundation in America. You might think, 'Oh, we should prepare what we like, and what we dislike is useless no matter how much we prepare.' 
11 
You might think that way. 
  What should be prepared? The preparation that benefits America and the world, of course, benefits your families, but it should be something that benefits the country and the world. In conclusion, you should choose items that benefit your families, the country, and the world. Conversely, you need to prepare for something necessary for your families, the country, and the world, but is that easy or difficult? Is it easy or difficult? It's difficult, it's difficult. You need to know that. It's difficult. 
  Then you might think, 'What does it matter, as long as my family is resolved?' Is it enough to stop with the family from a providential perspective? You must save the country by combining families. It doesn't stop with the country. You must save the world. 
  So, if there is something that can connect, no matter how difficult it is, preparing for it is the fastest way. 
  So, when the teacher thought about such issues, he thought about preparing such items. Was that a good thought or a bad thought? 
  Then, what is such a business in America? What is such an item? If you touch it, if you just grab the foundation, it becomes global. What kind of business would that be? 
The Fisheries Business Found for America's Future 
  Because the teacher thought this way, what he found after investigating in America was the fisheries business. Fish, fish, fish. (Laughter) Everyone dislikes such fish! The fish business. Preparing that is the best thought. I chose it. How is it? "It's great." It's great! (Laughter) I like the word 'great.' Great! "Great." Repeat after me. Great! "Great!" Great business! "Great business!" It is the fish business. Does that sink in? It is not only for the future. 
12   
By engaging in the fisheries business, you can make a living now. If you're hungry, you won't die if you eat fish. (Laughter) And this is, as Dr. Bergman knows well as a doctor, high-performance vitamins... In terms of absorption, it cannot be compared to any land meat. 
  Why are Japanese people famous for living long in the world? Compared to Americans... It's because Japanese people eat a lot of fish, according to statistical conclusions. So, now, Americans are also being told to eat fish, right? They are promoting eating fish now. 
  As the teacher started this preparation, you need to know that even in America, everyone is preparing, saying, 'Oh, fish is high protein and good!' You rascals! So, those who like fish, raise your hands. (Laughter) If I go on NBC television and talk for just 10 minutes, all Americans will raise their hands, right? NBC TV, CBS TV, anywhere. (Laughter)
  That's why the teacher has been on the boat for 10 years, on the boat. In the summer, he goes tuna fishing.... Do you know how hard tuna fishing is? White people, these American youths, have no interest in boats. Neil Salonen and Dr. Durst, when it comes to going on a boat, their expressions immediately change, and they turn their heads. (Laughter) You all are not like that, right? Do you like boats? Raise your hands. Put them down. Those who dislike them, raise your hands. (Laughter) Women, how about our women? Do women like it too? "Yes." I like such women. (Laughter) I will make female captains. Strong female captains. I will make such female captains. How about that? (Laughter) Women, answer. How about that? Answer. "Great." Great? "Yes." Great, great. Thank you. 
  So, is the teacher smart or not? "Smart." How much smart? "Endless." Endless smart! (Laughter) It's not something to laugh about. As a leader, I am the leader of the Unification Church. If I am not a leader who thinks more seriously about all future issues than anyone else, I should not be a leader. 
  If I were to talk about the outline of the fisheries business, the Gulf of Mexico, the waters near Nova Scotia, and up to the waters near Norway, among the world's four major fishing grounds, America has three major fishing grounds. What does that mean? It means that all the world's fish are in these American waters. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." 
The Devastated American Fisheries Industry 
  Americans, in making money, are just... They are criticized everywhere. Even if they say 'Yankee, go home!' and spit, they go around trying to earn all the money in the world. So, they go around trying to make money, but where is the money? It's all piled up in the sea. American youths, they all say they need money, but where is the money? It's in the sea, but they dislike the sea's money. Now, American youths saying they don't want to go on boats, they dislike boats, and ocean business is a thought that can lose the treasure that can feed the world's people in the future. 
  Americans now dislike Rev. Moon, but I will become the richest person in your country. I will have the most money. Is that good or bad? Rockefeller, at that time, I will use Rockefeller, I am thinking. (Laughter) Why? Why? I will occupy the inexhaustible gold mine treasure. Do you understand what that means? Why? Shouldn't Americans do it? Americans dislike going on boats. 
  So, look. All the ocean cities are now wastelands. Young people, if they go out to sea and don't come back for months, their wives go dancing and have affairs, then pack up and run away. So, they are not going out on boats. It has become completely desolate. Do you understand what that means? If I have a little money, I should buy all the docks from the East to the South to the West. Is that good? "Great." Great? "Great!" Welcome? "Yes." 
  So what will you do? I should entrust it all to those who were regional leaders. To the main leaders, I should select those who were leaders and entrust them with one each. How about that? "Great." (Laughter) Only one person says great! (Laughter) The one who is not smart and least likely to go on a boat says that. (Laughter)
  So, in America... I am in the fisheries business... So, the other day, the other day, Paul from the Alabama shipyard came out and said, "Teacher, it's a big problem, all the companies have gone bankrupt, and now only our Unification Church's ships are left. Before this goes bankrupt, please fund it! We will close. We will close." So I said, "Hey, you! You can't close!" Was that good or bad? "It was good." 
  So now... Then now... Only one, in America, the most famous Alabama state is most famous for fishing boats, and only our Mooney's shipyard is left. How do you feel? Here, only our company is left. How do you feel? Great or miserable? "Great." From Mooney's perspective, it's great, but from America's perspective, how is it? How is it? "Miserable." Yes. 
  Then should we continue, or should we stop? "Continue." Continue! Do you want that? "Yes." Yes? "Yes." (Laughter) It has been revealed. 
  Then, should the company keep making boats, or should Mooney stop making boats? There should be orders. Orders should come. What should we do? I can stop too, right? So, I should stop too. I should stop, and Mooney should stop. "No." 
  So, should we abandon the American fisheries business, or should we continue? "We should continue." So, should the teacher continue? "No." Then who will do it? "We will." So, the conclusion is that we should continue the fisheries business. Not only the main leaders but also the American members, if they resolve with the teacher, there is no problem. There is no problem in succeeding. Do you want success or failure? Which one? "We want success." Everyone wants such a successful business. Think about such a business. In America, the fisheries business is a promising business. So, the teacher made a good choice. He made a good choice thinking about the future. Do you understand what that means? 
The Fisheries Business is a Blessing from God 
  So, today, why? We had an emergency meeting, why do you think we had an emergency meeting? From today, all personnel are appointed as Ocean Church personnel. So, everyone is appointed as a candidate for the fisheries business. Is there any complaint? Here, Dr. Bergman, how about it? How about becoming a fisherman as a doctor? "I want that." (Laughter) Did the doctor say he wanted it? (Laughter)
  So, Dr. Bergman, we have 60 shrimp boats in South America. We have the leading shrimp boats in South America. We have already made them over the years. So, if you go there and ride for a few months, the rest of the people won't be able to say they don't want to go. Shrimp boats, they are over 80 feet long. When you come back, everyone will go. You can't complain, right? If Dr. Bergman goes, as a doctor, he will graduate from all germs, and you have to bite and eat the fish upside down. If you're hungry, there's no choice. You have to dip it in soy sauce and eat it. (Laughter) Whether there are many flies or not, that's not a problem. If you say you can't eat food that flies have landed on, you'll starve to death. You'll starve to death. You have to do it as training once. 
  How about you all? You rascal! How about you? How about you? How about you? "Yes." "Yes." You said yes? Saying 'yes' is natural. If Dr. Bergman does it, everyone saying 'yes' is natural. Do you welcome that? "Yes." That's true? "Yes." 
  So, somehow, we must succeed in the fisheries business. That's the teacher's determination. Then Chase Manhattan Bank is not a problem. 
  Here, African missionaries, raise your hands. You all know that in Africa, in hot regions, they eat a lot of dried fish. Investigate all that. Report it. I told that Zambian guy to make fish sausage because Africans don't know much about sausage, so just make it long with fish. If the family keeps nibbling on it, how convenient is that? Make it, and sell it cheaply to Africans. They are all starving, so just... Our factory just needs to operate. I think of doing well for Africa, how about that? 
  If you go to Alaska, fish like pollock under 15 inches are all thrown away as fertilizer, piled up like mountains. If you gather all that, freeze it, and make fish sausage to give to Africa, how good would that be? How happy would they be? You have to make it while shipping it by boat. Make it on the boat, and when you arrive, say, 'Boom, we are here, Mooney's boat is here.' Then distribute the sausage to everyone, how... Think about it. Yes. That's the thought. I must sell it all over Africa. South America, do South Americans eat fish well? They eat fish well, but they don't know how to catch it. 
  If fish sausage is said to be good for the body by people like Dr. Bergman, if 100 doctors, five people from each state, make an association and promote it as good—everyone knows it's good—then everyone will eat it even if you tell them not to. If these Americans are going to live long, they will eat it even if you tell them not to. Here, isn't it like that? They all eat grass like rabbits, saying it's health food, but how delicious it is... (Laughter)
  So, even if we catch as much fish as possible, it won't be enough. If we establish our position during this gap period, then there will be no room for others to establish themselves. We must firmly establish our position. 
  This is what God has given us... In the 200-year history of America, where they did whatever they wanted, they are now waiting for Rev. Moon as the owner. God is trying to give us a blessing, but you won't accept it, you rascals!
  Here in New York, how much is a pound of whiting? How much is it in the market? It might be about $1.70, that. Let's say one dollar, one dollar each. If we go to Alaska, we catch more than 100,000 pounds to less than 150,000 pounds a day. Then how much is it per day? 
  So, if we catch it every day, what will you do with that money? If you catch fish in Alaska and sell it in New York, you can use it for a year's operating expenses anywhere, in Africa, anywhere. Isn't that right? Won't you do it? Won't you do it? 
  So, if you make $150,000 for 30 days, how much is it? Not $150,000, but even if it's $70,000, how much is it for 30 days? 3 times 7 is 21, how much is it? Think about how much it is. 
 
18   
Then, how much is the ship? How much is the catching ship? With $2.1 million, you can make five, six ships. You can make six ships. You can make five ships a month. Why not do it? Won't you do it? Won't you do it? 
Solving Family, National, and World Problems with the Success of the Fisheries Business 
  Then what is the problem? The problem now is that in America, the distribution of caught fish is difficult, and the middlemen's exploitation is severe. Fish merchants exploit everything, so it's difficult. If we get rid of all that and somehow unite as Mooney and establish a foundation, then when it goes around once and is consumed, we become princes. Rockefeller is not a problem. 
  What will you do? Will you just get a job and live your whole life? Will you go on a boat for a year? Which one will you do? Which one will you do? "I will go on a boat for a year." That's quite good. (Laughter) Now, thinking about it, do you feel good? 
  So, is Rev. Moon a person with a lot of greed, or a person without greed? "A person with a lot." (Laughter) So, what will you do with that greed? What will you do? I will make these Mooneys live well. How about that? "Great." 
  So, the teacher is like that, but are you playing? "No." So, you should have more fun than I do. I bring money from the world, make ships, and you should ride them better than I do, catch fish better, and ride the ships diligently. Then it will work. 
  So, look now. What do seminary graduates do? They go to CARP and train to fight against communism. If they pass that, they go to Ocean Church, Ocean Church. After anti-communist demonstrations and fighting, they go to Ocean Church. I know that seminary students don't like Ocean Church. I know it well. This path is difficult, but it's the fastest way to success. 
  So, now in America, I am thinking of changing all flour sacks to fish meal sacks. How about that? From whom? Mooney! Even if you make rice cakes or bread with fish meal later, you prepare it. How about that? You prepare it. How about that? "Great." It digests better than flour, is healthy, and how good it is. You will have big bellies. Like this, like this, like this. (Laughter)
  So, the decision, the teacher says, is that by appointing everyone as candidates for Ocean Church and future fisheries business, there is no one to oppose. Those who will do it, raise your hands. Hmm, I saw you. (Laughter)
  So, what the teacher says is that by doing this, your family problems will be solved, and the problems of the country and the world will be solved and more. Why don't you want to do it, why don't you want to do it? You must listen seriously, seriously. Does it seem like that? "Yes." 
  So, is this item the best or not? How is it? Did the smart teacher choose well or not? "Very good." Very good? "Yes." How much very good? Great, wonderful! Then what else?
Amazing! (Laughter) What else is there? Absolutely! (Laughter) Forever! (Laughter) Good! So, Father is, Father what? Endless smart man. (Applause)

Think about how serious the teacher is about the issue of peace. Consider how serious the teacher must be, who is working with the fate of the world, the Unification Church, your families, and the free world, including America, at stake. From now on, you must be as serious as the teacher. Can you promise that? "Yes." Thank you, foolish people! (Laughter) Until now, you have been foolish men. Only the teacher was smart. (Laughter) From now on, what will you become? "Smart men." (Laughter) You will become smart men. So, you are deciding. From now on, you will become candidates for Ocean Church. (Laughter) That's good news! For whom, for you. (Laughter) On the day you lay this foundation, everything will be achieved.

This time, I need to think a bit, these Korean guys too. Kwak and Park, these rascals! So, I told them to prepare to buy all the net and wire factories when I go to Korea this time. I gave instructions and left. Things are made cheaply in Korea.

Now, seeing the teacher doing this, do you think he will continue or not? "I think he will continue." So, if you don't want to become a fool... From now on, sleep with fish that smell fishy next to your head. One in front of the husband, one in front of the wife. The smell must be there. (Laughter) Once you get used to the smell, it feels empty without it. So, this is the best way to get everyone to the sea.

Now, let's become like seagulls! Seagulls like the smell of fish. Do you understand? So many seagulls fly around the teacher. How wonderful! (Laughter) You must also act like that. God is watching such things. (Laughter) (Recording temporarily interrupted)

To develop the machinery industry for the world
I can speak English if I want to. Do you think I can do it? "Yes."

You rascals, then you won't learn Korean. You must learn Korean. No excuses. Even at my age, I studied English. Do you know that? At this age, you forget everything. (Laughter) Even in such a situation, I studied. You have no excuse. You are young. What should you learn? What should you learn? "Korean." Do you want that? "Yes." Those who want it, raise your hands.

Ah, I feel good. Even if I haven't eaten, I feel good. Didn't you eat lunch? I didn't eat lunch, but I feel good. Did you eat breakfast or lunch? Did you eat lunch? "No, we didn't." Are you hungry? "Yes." (Laughter) Same. (Due to poor recording quality, some parts were not recorded) Now, tonight, when you go, think 'Ah, I'm going to sail!' Are you deciding that? Do you understand? "Yes."

This business, Ocean Business, and then what? To quickly unite all of humanity and promote the providence of restoration, business is necessary. The most difficult but potentially successful business in America is the machinery industry. In the short term, it's difficult. It's the most difficult in the world.

Do you know our silo organization? Those who know, raise your hands. Those who haven't heard, raise your hands. Now, the teacher plans to buy five factories in Germany, boasting the best technology in the world. We've bought one. One and a half. One and a half. There's a big fuss because Reverend Moon is taking over the German industry, and an industrial war has broken out, so instead of buying, we're forming technical alliances. Dr. Kim couldn't come this time because he was signing a contract with a big company.

So, do you want to do Ocean Church business? Then what else should you do? Do you want to do machinery business? Which one do you want? "Ocean Business." After Ocean Church, then you go to machinery business.

So, it's a comprehensive enterprise.

So, the teacher is planning everything from China to Africa, South America. We can make machines, but we can also produce the entire computer system in our factories. Do you understand what I'm saying?

We're making it with German products and selling it. It's all made by Unification Industries. What Unification Industries makes is made by our center. We didn't rely on the Germans; we made it all. Do you understand? It was made in Korea, in a Korean factory. If you say it was made in a Korean factory, they won't buy it. The world doesn't trust it, so we have to introduce the Korean factory with a German name. Do you understand what I'm saying? So, when we attach a German name and say we're in a technical alliance with Germany, they buy it all. (Laughter) There's a depression in Germany now. When foreigners come in and buy, how will they do business? I'm doing something unprecedented in European history, in human history.

So, how will we do it? God already knew I would do this, so He created the EEC. Instead of Germans, we can bring in Italians at one-third the labor cost, Greeks at one-fifth, and use them as much as we want. God made all this. If it's Moonies, just feeding them is enough. (Laughter) That's why we think we can dominate all the famous factories in Germany. How about that? "It's good." What kind of person can do that? "Only Father can do it."

We must work diligently for business for humanity and the world
So, we'll make it in Korea and sell it to Japan, sell it cheaply to Germany, the UK, France, the US, and everywhere. We'll sell it cheaper than Japanese products. Do you understand? We're saying we'll sell German products cheaper than Japanese products. How can we make the best machines and sell them at the lowest price? I'll do it. There's no problem.

So, what am I thinking about now? You should know just this one thing. Usually, in a machinery factory, they only make machines and buy computer systems from elsewhere. The ratio is 60% machines and 40% computers. But in our factory, we make both computers and machines. We make both. That's different. The cost of computers can go from 1 to 100, 1 to 200. It can go from 50 to several hundred. So, when we go to the international market... Even if we consider a 10% increase in computer prices as 5%, our company doesn't lose. So, no country in the world can compete with us in terms of price. Do you understand? So, we can dominate the world's machinery industry. Do you understand?

That's why, no matter how much these Moonies dislike it, we must train them, even if it means staying up all night, to repair and use it. Can you do it? Let me ask you. Can you do it or not? "We can do it." 'I have no talent for machines, no talent for machines!' Then let me ask you, are you better than a seal or not? (Laughter) Better than a dolphin? Huh? How about it, are you better? "Yes." Yes! Everyone said yes. Dolphins don't even speak, but they understand everything with just a gesture and do all sorts of tricks, so why can't humans understand? So, can humans not do it? You rascals, it's not possible.

So, am I training you to live well, or for you to live well? To make you live well, to make your descendants live well, to make your country prosper, what's wrong with that? If your country prospers and you live well, why wouldn't you do it? Also, once we establish the machinery industry, we can deal with the ministers, prime ministers, and presidents of that country.

Do you understand what I'm saying?

This is seen as an item that can control the heads of all humanity from the highest peak in the future restoration of the world, which is why I started it. For this, the teacher prepared 30 years ago, 30 years ago... Where? In Germany, with a hook, I thought I should hook Germany. So, I did fishing. Who's holding this, who? It's caught. Germany is caught. Germany is caught, isn't it? This took 34 years, 34 years. It was prepared 34 years ago, 34 years ago.

Now, the designers in our factory are Germans, British, Japanese, but even if it's made in Korea, it's not made by Koreans. You must understand that first. It's been invested for 15 years. It's been invested in Japan entirely for 15 years, and here too. You're hearing this for the first time, right? Now Germany is caught in my hands. Once we buy five factories, even if they compete, they lose to me.

Then what? Sales! First, once we make this... The first is development. The second is sales. Once we set this up... How will we succeed in the world of machinery industry? The first is development. The second is sales. That's why we're preparing for that now. Sales movement! Fundraising movement will become a selling system movement then. Do you understand? Why did I command this movement? To do it in such a system...

Then, we gather all mechanical engineering engineers. We can do it. We buy two trade center buildings and gather many scholars there. So, we make them design there. Do you understand? In various mechanical fields... Then, if we withdraw all the design departments of the world's big companies, the design departments disappear. Then what happens? All the world's technology comes here. All the world's secret technology comes in. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." We must fight like that.

So, in Japan, all Unification Church members must be taught lathes... Even in churches, they must go out and teach. Now, with our TIPL-4... Kamiyama! Do you know TIPL-4, TIPL-4? It's the latest machine. It costs $6,000 to import. The retail price is $8,000. If the teacher tries to import 1,000 units, how much is needed? "6 million dollars." 6 million dollars! This way, we install it in a thousand factories. To create 'Oh, Incheon,' we spent 60 million dollars, ten times that, so can't we distribute one TIPL-4 to blessed families? If we distribute it, they can make a living with it. They can live. You work at a company and live on a salary, but if you have this at home, think about how many times that would be, you rascals! So, it's not even a problem. So, I'll distribute machines to all of you... If you say you can't live, you rascals, even if you can't live, I won't give you a penny. I'll give you one machine each, so live with it. Somehow, work day and night and make a living. You can make a living. If the husband and wife learn the technology, they can work 24 hours, with the man working 12 hours and the woman 12 hours, so why can't you make a living! Can you live or not? "We can live." You rascals! So, if you worry about living, I've prepared a way for you to live like that. How about it? Will you sit and starve, or learn the technology? You have to starve to learn the technology. Can't you learn it? "We will learn."

Now, even missionaries, if they have a base, once they have 100 members, I'll send them one of those lathes first. I'll donate it, how about that? "It's good." You rascal, will you sell it? "No." What will you do? Learn the technology. Learn the technology, and then I'll sell the parts for you. I'll sell them for you.

So, with one machine, two machines, three machines, four machines, five machines, ten machines... I'll set up a hundred machines in that country and bring about its revival. I thought I'd open this path for you.

Once we do all this, the white society, Germany, will be in an uproar. The UK, France, the US will say, 'Oh, a heretic has come out and...' (Laughter) So, will Moonies fail or prosper by doing this? Will Moonies fail or prosper by doing this? "Prosper." Yes, prosper. So, Reverend Moon prepared such things. Those who prepare survive and win. Do you understand what I'm saying? So, we must accomplish these two businesses in a way that no one in the world can follow.

We must also succeed in the aviation business with excellent organizational power

First is the sea. Second is the land. Here is fish, fish. Here is machinery. The third is space. The third is, our Unification Industries has started making airplanes. So, I will buy Boeing in the US! Do you think I can't do it? I see it as definitely failing because of the union. It will fail because of the union. That's why we must prepare to acquire it and manage it. Big companies are failing one after another because of the union, and once the union rises, it's hard to subside. Boeing is the same. I'm analyzing it with this in mind. Do you think the teacher has that ability? "Yes." Huh? "Yes." So, America is afraid, Germany is afraid... I go in alone, but Germany is overturned, and they say this and that about Reverend Moon... Germany is a coward, those rascals! (Laughter) Do you understand what I'm saying? Do you want to be trained by the teacher or not?

What time is it now? I came at 12:20, what time is it now? How many hours has it been? 'Ah, what kind of church is this that doesn't even give time to go to the bathroom?' they'll say. The Unification Church doesn't even let you go to the bathroom or feed you.

So, if we unify the world like this, God will be pleased, and humanity will say we did well, not that we did poorly. You must understand that. (Laughter)

Here, you people, eating a box of McDonald's hamburgers without complaining and being able to sleep well, how well have I trained you? You don't complain. (Laughter) Ah, look at this. After years of missionary work, even if you come back after years, you don't complain when given McDonald's, and even after eating it, you sleep comfortably! Who made that? Who can make it like that? (Laughter)

There's nothing like that in America, so America loses to us. So, Germany and the world lose to us. That's why they lose. In the end, we become the victors. Do you want to be victors? "Yes." Can you swear? "Yes." Those who want to be victors, raise both hands and shout hooray. Hooray! "Hooray!" Hooray! "Hooray!" Hooray! "Hooray!" Thank you, Moonies. (Applause) How about it? Did the teacher's words have content worthy of calling you from afar? Is it content you should do or not? "It's content we should do."

We must protect this America blessed by God

In what you do... This year alone, the money brought from Japan is 45 million dollars. That money was spent here. Only from Japan. Then, for what was it used? Was it used for Reverend Moon, for Japan, or for America? "America." America! All this property becomes American property. Will I take all the ships and leave? Will I take all the organizations made here and leave? Then, for whom? For you, Moonies.

I made the Washington Times under an annual plan. Was it made as a sudden branch? "It was made as a sudden branch." It was made suddenly. Where does all the budget come from? "Japan." For that... Do you know how much debt America has officially or unofficially? Last year alone, it was 40 million dollars, 42 million dollars. Do you know that? You don't know that, do you? Such stories are not told to you. I'm telling you for the first time.

If this money were spent in South America every year, what would the Brazilian government do? Would they reject Reverend Moon? If it were used for them, all of South America would bring a plane to take Reverend Moon immediately. You must understand that. You must feel that having such a teacher here is committing a sin against the countries in the historical era. You must feel that you're committing a sin. You people, what if this money were given to Africa? I could enter the president's room every day, and the president could live with me.

Why suffer persecution here and engage in legal battles? Do you think it's because I like it, you rascals! It's to prevent all the blessings of the past 2,000 years from falling into the hands of the communists. To prevent it from falling into the hands of the communists... You must understand that. Do you understand what I'm saying? Once the legal battle is over, I see the era of activities centered on America passing. I must move to South America or another continent. So, where?

Would it be better to go to Korea or South America? "South America." Are you telling me to suffer more? "No." Then? Korea, if I return to Korea, it's comfortable for me. You must understand that. You young people must understand that not taking responsibility now is committing a sin against the world, a sin.

You don't know how urgent the budget is. Japan has unified the church organization entirely with the economic organization. They changed all church activities...

So, do you prefer living in debt or living without debt? "Living without debt." To prevent you from being in debt, I'm telling you to evangelize, fundraise, work hard, and not owe Japan. There's nothing else. Also, because there aren't enough people, I'm telling you to evangelize. Because there aren't enough people, fundraising is miserable. Do you understand what I'm saying?

So, from now on, all blessed families in Japan, all blessed families in Europe, even American members over 30 years old, it's all shameful. To overcome that, we must create fundraising teams. We must push them for the sake of the nation. It's the duty of the people to prevent national shame.

The 777 families in Japan went through such hardships until they were 35. They have been working to help America for 10 years, but what have you done in a few months or years? So, even while in debt, how can you be shameless and say this and that? Can your conscience do that, can your conscience? You must understand that the teacher is receiving complaints from Japanese people saying, 'Why do you make Japanese people suffer and not Americans?' Can you do that or not? Think about it. Should it be like that or not?

That's why, to resolve this urgent situation, we must understand that we've entered a period where total mobilization is necessary. Do you understand what I'm saying? So, we must take urgent measures.

Let's do our best in fundraising activities with the cooperation of the spirit world

Until now, the number of fundraising members has increased from 1,200 to 400. We must do more. We need more budget to spend.

In this situation, should the teacher take responsibility, or should American leaders take responsibility? Who should take responsibility for this American work? Which is it? "We should take responsibility." That's right.

Now, we must do it. Heaven will not absolutely support America itself. Heaven will leave. So, we must follow Japan. We must at least imitate them. Right? We must at least imitate them.

Also, to support America, we stopped all church activities in Japan and did fundraising activities, so we couldn't evangelize. What did we do? The teacher ordered it. We worked with the video system. At first, Furuta said it wouldn't work, but because I said, 'Do what doesn't work!' we made a video center and achieved results beyond evangelizing in churches. You must understand that we're supplementing the rapidly changing economic situation with personnel through such methods. Heaven is cooperating. The spirit world is cooperating.

If you listen to the testimonies of young women, they say their legs moved without them knowing, and they went in... That's how they came in. Many people like that are coming out. Who is cooperating like that? The spirit world is cooperating, the spirit world.

So, why doesn't the spirit world cooperate with America? Your attitude is wrong. The attitude is wrong. It's different. You're trying to criticize and measure everything by your own standards.
Today, where did Dr. Dust go? Therefore, starting today until this Christmas season, I think we need to drive all former agents in the U.S. to fundraising to overcome the current economic difficulties in the U.S. What do you think? Is there a problem? "No." So, everyone is sending money to the headquarters. At the very least, for a month, whatever is left after eating at McDonald's should be sent. So, Kamiyama! Is Kamiyama preparing to receive the remittances in this system?

Now, should we do this or not? Let's decide on this. People already call me a dictator, so let's decide democratically. We need to decide. Should we do this or not? You all decide. Aren't you all leaders? So, should we do this or stop? "We should do it." Okay, those who think it's a good idea, raise your hands. Those who oppose, raise your hands. Then, since you all want to do it democratically, I'll follow and decide. (Laughter)

There are about 3,200 people who haven't experienced fundraising yet. About 86 people joined this year. Anyway, it's everyone! As much as possible, everyone is mobilized. During this period, everyone is mobilized. From now on, for a month, as much as possible, everyone is mobilized!

So, we need to set responsibilities for everyone in our Unification Church. How much responsibility should we set for this month? You decide. How much should we set? I'm talking about the net amount. Should we set it high and practice it, or set it low and practice it? "High." How high? (Laughter) For a day, huh? Those responsible for fundraising, answer. "Over $100 a day." If it's $100, it's only $3,000, not even $5,000? If you say $100, it's only $70. Because it's $70 or $80, you need to make $120 to get $100.

So, for a month, whatever work or labor you do, you need to earn $3,600 in a month. That's not much. Kamiyama, there's an immediate problem with a debt of about $4 million. So, you focus on $120 and run. Day and night, just run. Those who want to decide on this, raise your hands.

And those who stay here... Are you training this time? There are trainees, right? "Not yet." Oh, when are they coming? "In January." No one is training now? Those who are training should prepare during this period. Got it? Stop all training now and connect it from next year, and all agents should engage in fundraising activities... Just for a month, a month. Originally, it would be 40 days, but... 40 days. Is a month better, or 40 days? "Forty days." Forty days! Then, from today until January 10th! Everyone. Let's compare the capabilities of Japanese members and American members. Kamiyama! Are all Japanese members in America doing $150? How about that? "We can do it." This is, you know, decided at $120, but I don't know how much you all decide on your own. Koreans, those in America, decide on your own. They will surely do what they decide. And I won't use any of this money. I'll also somehow manage $3,600... I'd like to do fundraising, but if I do, the communists will attack me. Got it? (Laughter) The teacher, you know, should earn at least three times more than the person who earns the most among you. Mother and father, you know. Got it, what I mean? So, let's resolve to show our capabilities during this period, amen. We should do it.

Once this is over, in the new year, about 280 to 300 Japanese people who will marry Americans will come from Japan, and we plan to form a special task force centered on Japanese people. We are planning how to solve the economic depression in the U.S. They will start coming from January 15th. And those who got European brides should all join and work together during this period. This time, everyone... So, for 40 days, we will mobilize everyone and compare how different it is from the U.S. Unify everything, unify. Got it? The U.S. shouldn't be like this. You can't evangelize, so this won't work. Everyone, whether 30 or 50 years old, should go out, got it?

Kamiyama! (In Japanese) Train the fundraising members well regionally and send them out. There are 20 regions, right? You go through those regions. Let's make this a pleasant year-end. Got it? Do it as a hobby rather than for earnings. (After this, a Japanese member gave a report for about 40 to 50 minutes on how much effort Japanese members in Japan are making.)

The Flow of Civilization from the Perspective of the Divine Will

American members will now think they need to follow Japan. You haven't fulfilled your economic responsibilities. Looking back 10 years, you should know that Japan has sacrificed for America until now.

Now, why should Japan work like that? I'll tell you. What kind of country is Korea? "Adam's country." What? "Adam's country." What about Japan? "Eve's country." Why is Korea Adam's country? Culturally, a peninsula in a continent is always in contact with the sea. That's why the Italian Peninsula has been a powerful country that has ruled the world throughout history. You should know that Italy is a long peninsula.

Greece is a peninsula of this shape. From that standpoint, civilization has emerged from Italy. Therefore, the current Western civilization developed anew centered on the Renaissance. The Renaissance is the revival of Roman civilization. It's the revival of humanistic thought.

What is Roman civilization? It's humanistic civilization, humanism. And Rome, centered on Christianity, once ruled the world during the Middle Ages. Isn't that right? Originally, Rome was a country that opposed Christianity, but it went to the West and then turned around and went to the East. I should talk about that, but there's no time. Eventually, today's Western civilization must connect with Asian civilization. It must seek Asian civilization.

Then, in Asia, a peninsula opposing Christianity must emerge. This will become the central nation of Christianity in the end. Conversely, it must become a country that can welcome Christianity.

How is the East and the West now? When the East looks at the West, where does God gather what was sacrificed in the West? If not gathered in the West but in the East, if you lay the foundation without resting in such an end time, a foundation that can welcome this will emerge. The logic of indemnity restoration is established that this foundation must emerge from the peninsula.

Why is that? In the civilization of the East and the West, the East is a spiritual civilization, and the West is a material civilization. (Speaking while writing on the board) Therefore, all religions originated in the East. Isn't that right? So, they tour around and come in. From that perspective, why is the peninsula like that? If the land is the body, the peninsula is like the sexual organ. You must understand this. Do you understand what I mean? Then, how should island countries do? They should welcome connections with the peninsula.

Then, returning to Asia, the area that can connect with the peninsula, where is it? It's only Korea and Japan. Japan is the closest island to the peninsula. Do you understand what I mean? So, here is the point of contact where men and women can meet in civilization.

The Mission of the Eve Nation Entrusted to Japan in Front of the Will

How have Japanese women been until now? Japanese women had a bad sense of chastity. Japan is in such a position, but Korea... In the relationship of Adam's country and Eve's country, even from a geographical standpoint, Korean women have a strong sense of chastity. Therefore, all Koreans, Korean women, did not regard Japanese women highly. That's how they viewed it. From that standpoint, Satan has most ravaged Japan.

Due to Christianity's opposition, Japan became the Eve nation. What is Eve? She subdued Adam. She reversed dominion, Eve did. Eve united with the archangel and then with Adam to give birth to Cain and Abel. (Speaking while writing on the board)

Then, what must Eve do? She must drive out Satan and find Cain and Abel. In Asia, Adam's country is Korea, Eve's country is Japan, and the archangel's country is China. So, China worships the dragon, and Japan worships the goddess Amaterasu Omikami.

Then, how is Western society? The U.S. was born like a son of the U.K. Just as the Second Coming was born to a woman, the U.S. was born from the U.K., so the U.S. becomes the Adam nation. Why did the U.S. develop so much in the past 200 years? It had to develop providentially. Then, in Western society, where is the Eve nation? It's the U.K. The U.K. is an island country. Then there's France. France goes back and forth.

But due to Christianity's opposition, Japan became the Eve nation in Asia. Originally, the U.K. should have been the Eve nation if Christianity had welcomed the Unification Church. If it had been so, communism would have disappeared.

Because Christianity did not serve, Japan, a country on Satan's side, jumped to become the Eve nation, even though it is not a Christian country. Because of this, Germany enters this benefit zone, and Italy enters this benefit zone.

This means that when the U.K. or the U.S. can separate from Japan, Germany, and Italy, that is the last end. Japan, Italy, and Germany were the enemies of the democratic world. They were on Satan's side. When those on Satan's side become higher than the U.K., France, or the U.S., the world ends. The Christian cultural era must intersect.

So, in the relationship between Korea and Japan, how does Germany fit in? Centered on the Eve realm, centered on Japan, the Abel nation is the U.S., and the Cain nation is Germany.

Eve, having fallen, gave birth to two sons, and they must become one. Now, for Eve to find Adam, she must make these two sons like Adam's sons. That is Eve's mission. Eve, having fallen, lost all things and the world. Therefore, in the restoration era, Japan receives unspeakable economic blessings. All material heads toward Japan. When material goes to Eve, the archangel follows. The archangel is set up that way.

Such Eve feeds her sons and daughters with two breasts, and those sons and daughters fight in her arms. They kick each other. They must yield to each other, be good outside, and be good even in the womb. They must not fight like Jacob and Esau of old. They must become sons and daughters who can unite without fighting in the realm of heavenly love.

Therefore, the Eve nation, Japan, must educate in the U.S. before entering the Adam nation. So, Japanese members come to the U.S. and then to the U.K. This is to establish what the Western society failed to do as the Eve's mission. They came to indemnify what failed. The U.S. also has no way to indemnify if it opposes heaven. Got it?

So, Japanese people are brought here to suffer, and they are brought to the U.K. to suffer. These Japanese people must suffer more than the British and more than the Americans. To indemnify. After indemnifying for three and a half years, they go to Germany. Now they are suffering in Germany. Why is that? In the West, from Satan's side, Germany is Adam.

Therefore, heaven's Eve must go to Germany and overturn the tradition. That's how it is viewed. Do you understand what I mean? Now, Japanese and Germans must become one.

Globally, the Cain nation is West Germany, and the Abel nation is Japan, and this is the Adam nation. (Speaking while writing on the board) Therefore, the Cain nation here is connected to Satan, and the Adam nation here is connected to Satan as a false parent instead of a true parent. It's Satan. What is that? It's the communist. There, they call Kim Il-sung father, father. It's the most evil in the communist world.

Now, this communist world, if this is Adam, then here China is the Eve nation, and then the communist country, the Soviet Union, is the archangel nation. (Speaking while writing on the board) That's the position. These three must all become one. If they become one here, this will break apart. Isn't that how it should be? Got it? Just like ice melts in spring, when peace comes and spring begins here, winter will all break apart.

Now, our Unification Church also speaks of peace, speaks of peace. Communism also speaks of this peace, right? The peace communism speaks of is their earthly paradise, and the peace we speak of is the earthly paradise centered on God. It's the same. And who strikes? These strike us first. (Explaining while writing on the board) The first world war was also struck by Satan, the second world war was struck by Satan, and the third world war was struck by Satan... The one who strikes loses. Got it?

The Mission of Korea, Japan, and the U.S. Called by the Will

Therefore, Japanese members, because Japan is the Eve nation, must teach the tradition to the U.S. nation and teach the tradition to Germany to make them one, and then the world becomes one. Therefore, you must know that Japan, the U.S., and Germany hold the world's economic power. That's why Kamiyama is brought here to take full responsibility for money and economic issues for 10 years.

Then, where should unification take place? Should it be in Japan? The most ideal place for unification is the U.S. Everything is gathered here. Reverend Moon is here, Japanese people are here, then there are Americans, Germans, everyone is here. This is the task force activity. Got it? Who comes? The Adam nation comes, the Eve nation comes, the Cain nation comes, the Abel nation comes, four nations come. Four nations come here to become one.

Therefore, Reverend Moon comes instead of Adam from the Adam nation, now Japanese people come, then Germans, Americans, four nations are now conducting this global movement. It's causing problems worldwide under the name of Moonies. Isn't that right?

In 1975, when Reverend Moon sent missionaries worldwide, he connected Japan, the U.S., and Germany, these three nations. The three became one. If Reverend Moon and Japan become one, then anywhere in the world... If they become one in the U.S., this traditional form will be transplanted everywhere. It will be transplanted. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

So, you three must become one. If you become one, you will develop, if not, you won't develop. Got it? Do you know why it's viewed that way?

You don't like it, saying, 'Why do you set Korean leaders and Japanese leaders in America and serve them?' 'Oh! We don't need Korean leaders, we don't need Japanese leaders. We only need American leaders.' Many American leaders say that. If you do that, you cannot establish the tradition of heaven. Only when the four nations become one can you establish the tradition and foundation of heaven. Got it? "Yes." So, you must unite with Korean leaders and then with Japanese leaders of the Eve nation. Only then will God be pleased. That is the path of the principle. Got it? "Yes."

Now, the U.S. and the Unification Church are fighting, right? When we win, the U.S. must listen to me. It must listen to the Unification Church. When this is over, Moonies will gain power. They will rise. Therefore, even if communism unfolds its activities, it will be able to defend the U.S. Now, only defending South America and Africa remains. So, we are currently working hard in South America and Africa, facing challenges on the front lines in South America and Africa.

Globally, only Korea is divided north and south, and only Germany is divided east and west. Between communism and democracy. Korea opposed communism, so it was cut in half. Now, communism holds everything. Germany, having entered Satan's side, was cut in half. Once this is cut, it's all over. Communism will collapse. So, we cut it off. Once Korea is resolved, Germany will naturally follow, naturally follow.

Therefore, I am laying the groundwork in Germany to tear down the Berlin Wall. Do you understand what I mean? So, what you must do before that is to completely unite with Korean, Japanese, and German members.

Therefore, Japan cannot enter heaven without embracing Cain and Abel as one. Adam is destined to return to God with Eve, who embraced Cain and Abel. When the U.S. and Germany unite, the Soviet Union cannot move. Therefore, from the perspective of the will, Japan must unite. In Asia, I am holding Japan to prevent Satan from entering, and in the West, I am holding Germany. Then Satan cannot enter.

Therefore, I influence the Japanese government. Got it? Then it's the U.S. Nixon, Carter, Reagan, all had issues with the president, right? They must be educated. If the U.S. doesn't listen to Reverend Moon of the Unification Church, there's no way to defeat communism. There's no way to block communism. From the perspective of the will, if Japan doesn't listen to Reverend Moon of the Unification Church, there's no way to block communism. If Germany doesn't listen to the Unification Church, there's no way to remove communism, Satan. Do you understand what I mean? Eve must listen to Adam, the archangel must listen to Adam, the archangel's children must all listen to Adam. It's the same. Without that, communism won't fall.

Therefore, I fight against Satan as the representative of the free world, against communism. Got it? I must defend Japan, and also the U.S. and Germany... It's all ending. Even with power, they can't win, even with power, those bastards...

Until now, with the German government... Reagan must not abandon the German government. He must not abandon the Japanese government. You must know that. The archangel nation, the U.S., has the responsibility to protect Germany, Japan, Korea, and other four nations. Only then can it inherit the position of the archangel of heaven. Then it must also support Adam.

Therefore, if the U.S. lets go of Korea, it's a big problem. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Only then can it stand in the position of the archangel for heaven. Only then is it said to have stood in the position of serving. That is the position of the archangel. Finally, the archangel can help Adam. This is the last. All of this is centered on Korea, Japan, Germany, and the U.S., centered on the teacher, and it becomes a problem. Once the U.S. trial case is over, it's all over. Then we start to be released. Do you understand what I mean? It means that the end is near.

So, do you need Japanese people? "Yes." Do you need German people? "Yes." Do you need Korean people? "Yes." You must make one here. If you don't make one with the Christian culture, Christianity will break apart, Judaism will break apart, and all religions will break apart. You must know that. So, you must do it all.

By the U.S. becoming one with the Unification Church, Judaism becomes one, and everything becomes one. Do you understand what I mean? It's all over. So, now communism will collapse. Brezhnev's death this year is all turning out well. When we held the Washington rally in 1976, when that rally ended, Mao Zedong went underground. What that means is that Reverend Moon is rising in Asia. Got it? Also, now, centered on the trial fight, everything is being swapped. You must know that it matches exactly like that.

Enter Canaan's Land by Uniting Koreans, Japanese, Germans, and Americans

Now, all of you must be able to live in one house with Koreans, Japanese, Germans, and Americans, these four households. If this doesn't happen, you can't enter the kingdom of heaven. It's just like Noah's family of eight, those responsible. Do you understand what I mean? If this doesn't become one, if you fight here, it won't work. Therefore, we marry Japanese people and mix them all. Do you understand what I mean? Are you confident? "Yes."

Where must you make one? "In America." Right. So, all missionaries are sent out from here. Got it? Do you understand clearly? Therefore, the unification of North and South Korea must be done with the power of the U.S., Germany, and Japan. Eve, Cain, and Abel must unite and remove all of this. Korea must remain still. Even if Korea can't do it, it must all be done.

From now on, unite here and enter Canaan's land from the wilderness era.
You're going in to find it. Do you understand? Germans, Japanese, Americans, the teacher has to lead and everyone has to enter Canaan Welfare. Do you understand? 
  So, from the end of World War II until 1985, it was the 40-year wilderness course, and that's why the Unification Church was persecuted. All these nations persecuted us. So until 1985, everything... Now, the persecution from the free world won't last long. Do you think so? "Yes." 
  A famous reporter from the New York Times, and about 10 reporters from various newspapers like Time and others, if we offer them about 200 dollars more in salary at the Washington Times, we can move them all. We can employ them at the Washington Times. Here, at the Washington Post, Chicago Tribune, Los Angeles Times, among the famous people there, if about ten people who wrote wrongly about the Unification Church publish an article saying, 'We wrote wrongly,' what do you think will happen? 
42   
It will all end, everything. 
  What do you think will happen? If just three people do it, it's all over, just three people. If they say they were instigated by the communists, it's 'kick—.' What do you think? "Yes." That's what they're trying to do, those rascals. Right now, thousands of people are all scrambling to get employed. Therefore, you should know that it's not far off now. Do you understand? 
  Now, when the time comes, will you appear in front with a face full of shame, saying 'Oh—' because of debts, or will you appear confidently without any debts? Which one is it? "With a confident face." So let's try it for 40 days. This is a good opportunity for you. I think so. Will you do it? "Yes." Good, thank you. 
  Then, when you go back, the instructions I've given... Although I've written a lot, don't write everything because it's complicated. Next time we meet, I'll give you the necessary things briefly. Now, let's organize the fundraising systematically. Do you understand? "Yes." Let's pray. *
43 
Self-Governance 
  When you think of the term self-governance, 'self' refers to centering on oneself. Within the self, there are men and women. 
Men's and Women's Self-Governance is Different 
  Then, is what men govern the same as what women govern? What do you think? The thinking is different. Women think as women, and men think as men. Because the thinking is different, the actions are different. 
  Now, when you look at men and women, who do you think considers themselves more, men or women? What do you think? "Women." (Laughter) How about women? Do you think women do it more, or men? (Laughter) "Men." Then, when it comes to thinking in detail, who thinks more finely and in smaller terms, men or women? "Women." When it comes to thinking big and globally, managing everything, isn't it more men than women? 
  And when you look at men and women, who prefers free actions more, women or men? "Women." Yes, women. And men. Women live by relying on something. Isn't that right? 
  
44   
When you look at women, they wear earrings, necklaces, and rings. Do they do that for themselves or for others? What do you think? Are they doing it for themselves or for others? "For others." (Laughter)
  When you look at men and women, who likes pretty things more? Do men like pretty things, or do women like them more? "Women." What does that say? It says the thinking is different. It's different. Therefore, in the content of self-governance, we can deduce with a universal mindset that women's self-governance and men's self-governance are different. 
  Then, when Adam and Eve were originally created, was the man the subject or the woman? Our American women think differently, don't they? "The man is the subject." If Adam was the subject, when they walked together, would the man have led the woman, or would the woman have led the man? "The man led." Then, when you look at the natural world, does it suit nature for the man to lead the woman, and the woman to follow the man? Does it suit or not? What do you think? "It suits." Right? 
  Then, how does this governance work when the governance is different? Who should it center on? When you think about the concept of governance, should it center on women or men? "Men." That woman is doing this. (Makes an expression and speaks. Laughter) What's the issue here? Women want to do it their way, and men want to do it their way. Isn't that right? 
  Initially, there's God, Adam, and Eve. The governance is all different. The thinking is all different. What about God? Would God's thinking about governance be different or the same? And there's the archangel. This issue arises. In the original world, there were only these four. There were only these four, but if all four want to govern, wouldn't it be different? 
  God created the universe and all things, but would He have known all these relationships or not? "He knew." He would have known. Therefore, He must have thought about establishing a common standard of governance here. When it comes to this, if there isn't an absolute standard that all four like, it's difficult. 
45 
Isn't it the same when you live in the world? If someone stands in a place first, when you pass by, you have to say sorry. You have to greet them. Isn't that right? You can't just say, 'Move, so I can go.' Therefore, there must be a common ethical law that says, 'Let's do this,' which moves it, even if it wasn't learned. 
Even God, as an Absolute Being, Cannot Govern Alone
 
  When you look at it from here, what should the self-governance realm be like? This becomes an issue. God might say, 'Oh! I'm the absolute being, so I'll do it alone.' He could say that. Then Adam might say, 'If God did it ten times, I should do it about three times.' He could say that. You can't do it alone. 'If you did it six times, I can do it three times. Let's do it.' What would you do then? If he wants to do it three times, saying 'No, no!' becomes a problem. 
  Then how do you establish governance? This is an extremely difficult issue. Now, you all like freedom, don't you? In Western society, they say, 'I'm free!' Don't they? 'God is free, Adam is free, Eve is free, and the archangel is free!' How nice is that? Isn't it nice? But if God drags Eve, saying, 'Come! Come! It's my way,' is that freedom? Then if Eve says, 'Ah! This is my freedom. I'll follow you,' is it 'Yes' or 'No'? "Yes." "No." (Laughter) So this place is 'No.' 
  Now, there's this issue. What is freedom? It's a big issue. 
46   
In today's Western society, gangsters, mafia groups, and drug users are all saying 'Freedom! Freedom, freedom!' What is this? Then what happens? This is all a mess without traffic control. On the street, there are red signals, yellow signals, and green signals, but if they're not sorted and adjusted, it becomes completely chaotic and problematic. Do you want to live in such a world? "No." No! (Laughter) That's right. 
God Created the Created World to Feel the Love of a Common Purpose
 
  So, this is the issue. The original world of governance, this is the issue. How should governance be in the original world? When God created the heavens and the earth, He must have thought about this most seriously. 
  Now, what God likes, would it have been bad for Adam and Eve? "It was good." How about the archangel? "The archangel too." Then, what is the best thing here? "Love." (Laughter) When it comes to 'me,' before men and women think about love, before they reach puberty in their 20s, they don't know love. I'm the most precious, you know. In that sense, my life is the most precious. Isn't that right? "Yes." 
  Therefore, the issue here is love. Is life precious, or is love precious? When you ask what is the most precious thing to humans, life is precious, isn't it? "No." Will love follow life, or will life follow love? The question is whether love is the priority or life is the priority. "Love is the priority." 
  Then, when you look at it, is it better to bind with the rope of life or with the rope of love? "With the rope of love..." The subject of life is God, and the subject of love is God. Life alone doesn't work. Life alone cannot be relative. It's divisive. Divisive subjects don't work. Women can't control their own lives, and men can't control their own lives. But with love, you can control it. Do you understand? 
  Now, let's say there's gold here. Would God like it or not? "He likes it." Would Adam and Eve like it or not? The archangel would too. In this world, even if there's gold, power, and knowledge, all these things are good, but what is the best among them? What is the best? "Love." What is the best thing? What is the best thing that God likes, Adam and Eve like, and the archangel likes? "Love." 
  Therefore, that love is not the worldly love of today but true love. It must be true love. Should this essence of love exercise authority only over specific beings, or should it encompass the entire content? This is the issue. "Common." Common means absolute. It's common. 
  Then, who was there at the beginning of this universe? "God." Whether it was God or something else, something was there. There was an original being. So, there was a cause, and from this cause, the universe came into being. From here, all created things were made for this original being or for me? "For the original being." Yes, that's right. 
  Then, did God create the created world because He needed it, or just to enjoy it? This is the issue. "With a purpose..." With a purpose? What purpose? There are many purposes. Is it an absolute purpose or a relative purpose? "An absolute purpose." It's an absolute purpose, but for God, who is omniscient and omnipotent and lacks nothing, what absolute purpose would He need? If God can do as He pleases, of course, He can do as He pleases. He can do as He pleases, but there's one thing He can't do as He pleases. There's one thing He can't do as He pleases. He can do it, but He can't feel stimulation. 
48   
  What is that? He could create Adam and everything else, but love was something He hoped for in the future. He had Adam and Eve, but there was something He wanted to have in the future. What was that? It was love. He wanted to have Adam and Eve, but what did He want from Adam and Eve? He wanted their love. Do you understand? 
  What does God like about the created world? It's not because He couldn't make what He needed, but because He could make anything, He created it to feel more love and establish more love. This logic is established. 
  Now, do men and women have love or not? "They have it." Do they have love or not? "They have it." Yes, you have your love, so you say, 'Ah, it's good, it's good'? "No." You have love, but do women say, 'Ah, I'm going to find a woman, that's love'? Is it 'Yes' or 'No'? "No." No. No, I don't know! (Laughter) If a beautiful woman goes to an ugly man and says, 'I love you,' how is it? If she goes to an ugly man and says, 'I love you,' and if a beautiful woman goes to a beautiful woman and says, 'I love you,' which one is right? Which one is appropriate? "The first one." That's right. What is that? No matter how good you are, without a partner, love doesn't activate. 
  The teacher can hold this chalk and say, 'I love you.' Why? Because with it, you can write a masterpiece on the blackboard, draw pictures, and so on. If you think like that, even if you say 'I love you' to the chalk... (Laughter) Do you understand? Even if you have a small thing and laugh and make a fuss in the room, people won't say you're crazy. When you look at something and keep laughing and doing that, some people say they kiss the handkerchief of the person they love. Even then, they're not considered crazy. 
  So, when you look at it this way, when you think that this universe and all things were born as a symbol of such love, how precious is that? You think about that. How precious is that? Even God is no exception. When you think that God created all things for such great love, yearning for a substantial partner of love, think about whether God created it because He couldn't or because He was happy, whether He was bored or not bored. What do you think? "The second one." 
The Place of Absolute Completion is the Absolute Place of Love Ideal
 
  Young women these days... American women these days are double virgins. When a virgin who dreams of first love meets the person she loves and gets married, would she find it boring, fun, or full of hope? "Fun." Really? I'm not a woman, so I don't know. Women, answer. How is it? "Exciting." Is it exciting? Is that right? "Yes." 
  What that means is, when God created the universe with love as the ideal, how much fun would He have had? How much fun would He have had? When you look at it this way, when God finally completed that exciting object, how would God have been? He would have danced and sung. Wouldn't He have? After dancing and singing, what else is there? He would have laughed, sung, and danced. Isn't that right? When men and women get married, since it's what they hoped for, they laugh, dance, and do all that. 
  So, when God realizes such a love ideal and says, 'Ah, I established it, and today I met it. Oh, it's good,' and laughs, sings, and dances, was there a day like that? Would there have been, or wouldn't there have been? If God felt true love and sang, danced, and laughed, how strong would that power have been? How strong would it have been? Would it compare to the power of first love, the love that young men and women like? "No." What that means is, since God is an absolute being, His laughter is absolute laughter, His dancing is absolute dancing, and His singing is... "Absolute singing." Yes, absolute singing, but who made it into such a song, such laughter? Can you separate it? "No." 
  Then, if Adam and Eve, while singing absolute songs, dancing absolute dances, and laughing absolute laughs, were intoxicated by God's absolute love and united, what would that love be like? If Adam and Eve were absolutely united, they would want to go to God. Their feet would want to go like this. This is dancing. This is dancing. (Acts it out while speaking) (Laughter) The head can't move. The arms are showing they want to go. Yes, if you want to go, go! The eyes also want to go... (Laughter) You can't go with your head detached. It's a big deal if you separate. You can't separate. What that means is, because God is invisible, even though they dance and sing centered on love, they can't separate. 
  Since the entire universe is made to match the rhythm of God's love, if it weren't made that way, if God had relativity but we were lonely, it would be a big problem. Therefore, the logic that the universe has relativity is established here. Now, where is God's final absolute position, the position of absolute completion? The absolute position centered on love is the position of absolute completion, God says. There must be stages in the absolute. There is a beginning and an end. When you look at it this way, where is the position of absolute completion? The absolute position that realizes the love ideal is the position of absolute completion. (The recording is briefly cut off)
  If there is motion, there is also stillness. What is absolute settlement? What is this settlement? Where love resides, in love, you want to stay for a thousand years, ten thousand years, and even if you move for ten thousand years, you don't get tired. Isn't that enough? When you hold the person you love, a thousand years, ten thousand years feel like a day. Even if you face a day, it becomes absolute. Wouldn't it be nice if there were such a thing? Do you want to do that? "Yes." Because it's the path of love, both men and women are all seeking it. 
  Everyone, in the human world, they all meet, sing, dance, and do all this, but when you think about such things, music, laughter, singing, dancing, and all these things will be possessed by those who are within the perfect love realm, think like this. Such a conclusion comes out. If you ask, 'Hey! Song, dance, laughter! Where do you want to be?' they will say, 'Absolute love!' Is that right? "Yes." 
  How about women? "That's right." Where do you want to live? "Absolute love." Haha, absolute love. Then what about these thief-like men? "Absolute love." Then who do they resemble? "God." That's right. They resemble the original. Who do we resemble? That's God. That's a legitimate answer. Do you understand? "Yes." 
Even God Needs Absolute Love
 
  When you look at it this way, everything in the world... In the summer, how boring are the hot days? On such boring days, cicadas cry, and colorful insects make noise. In the evening, if you listen quietly, insects perform orchestras, like a symphony, singing and making a fuss. Even though the species are different, they harmonize, all of them. When one chirps, another chirps, and all of them harmonize. 
  They eat and rest, and while resting, they all sing, and that singing is longing for love. Insects all put their mouths together and sing while longing for their partners. Insects do that, and birds do the same. In the morning, they all sit and sing. They look at the sky and sing. Birds all sing in rhythm. (Laughter)
  When you look at it this way, why is it like that? Because God Himself should be like that in the future, everything was created to resemble that, so everything in the universe sings and moves centered on love. They all welcome it. 
52   
Then, let's go back. What should be established as the public law here? What should we be governed by, what should we control centered on? Absolute love. Doesn't God need that? God also needs that absolute love. Everyone needs it. Then where should that absolute love be placed? If you place it on God's side, it won't work, so let's place it in the middle. When God says, 'Eve! You take all the absolute love,' no matter who pulls Eve, even if she's asleep, she'll wake up and say, 'Yes, yes, I like it.' (Laughter) No matter how strong Adam is, when they say, 'Hey! Adam, let's go, let's go,' and he says, 'Why go?' but when they say, 'Absolute love!' he'll say, 'Oh! Yes, yes.' (Laughter) Are you all like that? "Yes." I also like that? "Yes." 
  Therefore, this absolute love that everyone can like can become a central point that can adjust the public agreement. You know that. Then, to participate in absolute love, when they say, 'Ready, go!' and everyone goes to line up, who should go first? Should they all go together, or should God go first and wait? "They should go together." They should go together. This is, the angelic world is in the middle, and these are the sons and daughters. They should go together. 
  Then, what does that mean? When Adam and Eve grow up, become ten years old, fifteen years old, oh, they grow up, and they reach puberty, does that mean only Adam and Eve should go, or does it mean God should go, or does it mean the sons and daughters should go? "They should go together." That's why God is also seeking. 
  Then, should the center be Adam and Eve? Who should it be? "God." If one of these two is the shell and one is the core, should the core be God, or should it be Adam and Eve? Should the shell be God, or should it be Adam and Eve? In all seeds, the important thing is inside. The seed is made up of two parts inside one shell. Inside, there's an embryo. The more precious it is, the more it's inside. Why is that? Why should it be? If there's a core, the subsidiary can come into being. If only God is inside, Adam and Eve can come into being. It's the same. 
  What is marriage here? Why is marriage good? Why is marriage good? When a man and woman meet, why is it good? Because we can have God as the core, finding absolute love. It means I have a seed. It means I have a seed of love. And what happens is... If there's such a core, Adam and Eve relate to it, and this happens here, and there's another thing that happens here. What is that? It's me. I am inside this. 
The Principle is to Absolutize Vertical Love
 
  Is the fruit of this love God or Adam and Eve? Answer that first.
「Adam and Eve」 What is the fruit in the place where Adam, Eve, and God love each other? 「Sons and Daughters」 It's sons and daughters. Do you understand? What are sons and daughters? They are the fruits that can meet in the absolute love of God and Adam and Eve. That's what sons and daughters are. So, what is precious? Are sons and daughters precious? Are Adam and Eve precious, or is God precious? 「Sons and Daughters」 If God is the root, then sons and daughters are the trunk. Sons and daughters are the vertical. The trunk must grow for the root to grow as well. And these are the branches. In this way, parents are like branches beside the trunk. Therefore, the vertical love of the universe is considered absolute. The absolute of vertical love is necessary. Then, in the human world, there must be a support point to sustain this, so that it can be like this. There must be a support point here as well. It must rotate like this. It's moving. This is the universe. (Speaking while writing on the board)

Now, did God think of something that could be equal to this, something that could be the center, or not? Do you understand that? 「Yes」 We shrink this down... Why do we need children, spouses, and parents? This comes from here. In Eastern thought... This is Adam. Then, in the vertical position, should it be a man or a woman who can stand in the vertical position? 「Man」 Why is it a man? Although God has both masculine and feminine qualities, in terms of rank, He has a masculine rank, so the position of succession must have the same rank. You must understand this. Do you understand?

Therefore, the one who inherits and passes on all the vertical history must be a man. It must be the eldest son. Why must it be the eldest son? Because the eldest son was Adam before God, the tradition of the eldest son must be established. This is the logic that comes from here. Was Eve created because of Adam, or was Adam created because of Eve? Was Eve created for Adam, or was Adam created for Eve? 「Both Adam and Eve」 It's both, but who was created first? Which is it? Adam or Eve? 「Adam」

The Bible also says that it was not good for Adam to be alone, so Eve was created. Why do women have such a sense of authority? Eastern history is like this. When discussing important national issues or heavenly secrets, it is done with the grandfather and father. The grandson can sit and listen, but the grandmother, mother, and daughter-in-law cannot attend. This is because the bloodline is different. They were brought in from elsewhere. The mother and daughter-in-law as well... Do you understand that? Why is that? What does it mean? It means that the concept of valuing vertical love more than anything else is established within this universe, and this fact cannot help but appear in history.

Then, who should first take the fruit of this love? Should Adam and Eve take it first, or should God take it first? Looking at it logically, should it be 'let it be yours first, and then ours,' or 'we will own it first, and then you, God, will own it'? Should it be 'you own it first, and then we will own it'? Which is it? 「God first」 Yes, God must own it first. Then what follows is Adam and Eve.

Because this is the principle of the universe, when parents throw away the grandfather and grandmother and even God and say, 'Only listen to me,' you must say 'No.' The higher is closer to God. God is first. The grandfather is closer to God. The succession is above. It was received first. From here comes the ethical and moral concept. Do you understand what I'm saying? 「Yes」

Why must the vertical center be considered absolute?

Therefore, when a son thinks of God and his parents, should he prioritize serving God, serving his parents, or serving himself? When standing in such a position, what should be prioritized? Which authority? Will you exercise your authority, follow your parents' authority, or follow your grandfather's authority? Where should the authority start? 「Grandfather」 Grandfather! Then who is the great, great, great grandfather? 「God」 That's why God is written with a capital letter. (Laughter) Great, great, great God. (Laughter) So, the great God means the great grandfather. It's connected from there.

Now, looking at it this way, according to our principle, it is three stages, but it connects these three stages. (Writing on the board) This is me, me. This is the parents. This is the grandfather, and this is God. This can never be separated. It cannot be separated as long as I am alive. It is a fixed category. You must understand that it is a fixed category. If I say, 'I don't like my parents,' I immediately become part of Satan's side. If I say, 'I don't like my grandfather,' I immediately become part of Satan's side. If I say, 'I don't like my wife. I will divorce,' I immediately become part of Satan's side.

If you draw this as a picture, the grandfather is in the middle, the father is in the middle, and then I am here. (Speaking while drawing) Then where is God? God is in the place where the grandfather is. He is in the center. Why is it important? Because it is structured this way.

But why must it be this way? Who worries about the family the most, who wants it to do well the most, who wants to protect it the most, who wants to take responsibility the most? Is it the father or the grandfather? 「Grandfather」 Then, in this universe, who wants the universe to do well, who loves the universe, who worries about the future of the universe and the whole? That is God. The great, great, great grandfather.

But if this center falls, everything disappears. Therefore, 'I will unite with my father, then unite with my grandfather, and for God!' This is how it should be. Only then can the four-position foundation be established, and God can be in the center. From here, the concept of the first, second, and third stages emerges. The number 7 comes out. So, the number 7 is seen as the number of completion. This is one family. This is the unit.

Looking at it this way, when this principle is violated, it enters the realm of Satan. Then, is the American family on God's side or Satan's side? 「Satan's side」 Therefore, any important issue must pass through three generations. The grandfather, father, and son must know. There should be no secrets. Women who live deceiving their husbands are all destined for hell. Only then can they go through the parents, through the grandfather, to God. When the grandfather says 'ahem' in the morning, the father and grandson should say, 'Did you sleep well?' That's how it should be. In America, they say 'good morning,' but if they live in the same house, they must say 'good morning' to the grandfather and grandmother first before saying 'good morning' to their parents. Then they say 'good morning' to their wife, and then 'good morning' to their son. That's the order.

Therefore, because of this principle, to start the day, the whole family must go and greet the grandfather and grandmother, or it won't work. Do you understand? 「Yes」 There is such a law in the East. That's the model. Such a family is protected by heaven.

Nowadays, American women say they will marry as they please, saying 'hello! hello! hello man!' on the street, and when a man says 'hello woman!' they say 'yes! I like you.' It's not supposed to be like that. The family must welcome it from the grandfather and parents. (Laughter) How is that? It's not just Reverend Moon's claim; it's the principle of the universe, the principle of the universe. If you pass through this, no matter how much a man and woman marry, it's fine, but if you don't pass through this, it won't work.

What kind of people are God's sons and daughters?

Therefore, the statement that you can choose your partner means that you can create Adam and Eve as you please without God. Do you understand what that means? 「Yes」 Is there a privilege where you can create Adam, Eve, and both men and women as you please? No, it's not yours. It's God's, so it can't be done without God's approval.

Therefore, if the Unification Church teacher is the True Parents, then the True Children absolutely cannot marry as they please without the approval of the Parents. This is exactly right. There's no room for movement. Whether you like it or not, you must have a mass wedding. It's absolute. When Adam and Eve married, was the tradition one Eve or two Eves? One Adam or two Adams?

When given, they just like it.

Then why? Regarding marriage, the teacher worries more about the Unification family than they do. Grandparents worry more about marriage. Parents also ask grandparents. They look at the eyes and everything and say 'it's good,' but if the grandparents don't say it's good, the son-in-law and daughter-in-law will fight and break up.

In the Unification Church, if the teacher is the True Parents, then where is the True Grandparents? 「God」 God. Therefore, it's not done as you please. It's done by God's will, ensuring everything matches. If it's disliked, a cloud appears in the heart. If it's far away, it doesn't match. When you call those far away, they come closer. That's when you know.

You look at the face, don't you? But look. The father is ugly, and the mother is beautiful, but the beautiful one comes from a criminal family. Then, when heaven blesses that family, it makes the heart resemble the ugly father's heart and the face resemble the mother's. In such cases, the standard is not the mother. The ugly father's heart is the standard, and the match is made based on that.

No matter how beautiful a woman is, there are bad women. The ancestors are not good. There are men who are not handsome but have good ancestors. There are ugly men with good ancestors. Such women should marry such men to live long. Otherwise, if they marry handsome men, everything will break apart. Do you understand what I'm saying? 「Yes」

You must pass through three generations. Without seeing, the children who follow the decisions of their grandparents and parents are filial sons and daughters. That's how it is. What is a filial son and daughter? Even in marriage matters, those who accept the decisions of their grandparents and parents as better than their own decisions are defined as filial sons and daughters. Do you understand? You don't know well.

When grandparents and parents say, 'Go to the battlefield and help this country,' you must say 'yes.' Such a family is a family that loves the country, a patriotic family. Do you understand what I'm saying? It's all not organized. God says, 'Your grandparents and parents tell you to go to the battlefield for the country, but I tell you to go to the world war for the world.' There are no grandparents or parents who tell you to fight for the world. They tell you not to go out into the world. But God says, 'This world war is an evil war, so go out and settle everything.' When someone says 'amen' to that, it's a saint's family, and if the parents and grandparents praise it, it's a saint's family. Do you understand?

But what are God's sons and daughters? Not only this earth but facing the eternal Satan enemy, going anywhere in the world to settle Satan's appearances, those who receive such a command and risk their lives to fight are God's sons and daughters. The heart of God's son is to conquer the evil demons and Satan groups on this earth and return. Do you understand? 「Yes」

Therefore, what is a filial son and daughter, what is a loyal subject, what is a saint, and what are God's sons and daughters... A saint cannot be God's son or daughter. Even Jesus could not inherit God's family. Confucius and Buddha did not create God's ideal family. Saints did not participate in the ranks of God's sons and daughters. They must cultivate the way there. A saint is someone who worked for the world. God's sons and daughters say they will abolish hell.

Then, the principle of today's talk becomes the center, and it expands from the family to the tribe, nation, country, world, and cosmos. If a man can serve his grandparents and country like this, he can cross over without obstruction. Do you understand? Therefore, you have learned that the concept of love requires a dominion centered on love.

Religion established to change the world of Satan's dominion to the world of God's dominion

Then what does self-dominion mean? Self-dominion means to dominate oneself. Originally, the principle is structured like this. (Explaining while drawing) The family is circular, a circle. The tribe is like this. Tribe, nation, country, world, cosmos, it goes out like this. Without the fall, this point would be completely drawn. It must be completely drawn like this.

The ancestors have already done it. They have created the dominion. The world dominion, the heaven and earth dominion, the world dominion, the national dominion, the tribal dominion, the family dominion, it's all done. It must be reversed. Without the fall, it would have been all done from the world. That is your control base. If you live by this principle in the family, the language is unified, and customs are unified, so everything works. It just goes over.

But because of the fall, it all became Satan's world, a fake world. This is a manipulative, destructive world plan created by Satan to destroy humanity's original ideal. Religion was established on this world plan to assemble Satan's world at one time... The many religions were prepared to assemble the world dominion. There are forms in the east, west, south, and north. There are forms like this, forms like this, forms like this, and different religious domains.

Then this is the dominion of Adam... All dominions are different. They are different, but what connects them? Here, a unified plan emerges that can connect with the original, perfect ideal love and absorb everything. Even the highest religious domain must seek the ideal of love. Therefore, not all religions are the same. Among religions, there are religions of servants, religions of women, and religions of men. Among men, there are religions of servant men, religions of women, and religions of men. Then there is the religion of the stepfather, the religion of the stepmother, then the religion of the true son, and then the religion of the true mother and father.

Then what is the highest aspiration? The True Parents Religion must emerge, and then the True Family Religion must emerge. Who should be the center? God must be the core.

Therefore, what all humans seek is to find the original world, the true human form, by meeting the true grandfather, God, and the true parents. Only then can we find true humans. When such a family is formed, we can finally rest. Centered on what? Centered on love. Without True Grandparents, True Parents, and True Children centered on love, there is no place to rest. This is seen as the path to find one's hometown. Life is about finding one's hometown.

We must go beyond the path the saints took as God's sons and daughters

What do we do when we find our original home? Because of humanity's fall, we have not established the position of result with God, the cause centered on True Love, Absolute Love. We must match this. Do you understand? Therefore, the conclusion is that we must find God and True Parents. Do you understand? Only then can we connect with God's absolute love, the original standard of departure centered on parents' absolute love, which we did not have. Without this, we cannot enter the original ideal heaven. It's a simple content, but we didn't know this.

Therefore, our Unification Church is organizing families, tribes, and nations... What time is it now? Now is the era of national organization. This national organization is done not only through countries but through the entire world. It is not about distinguishing Black Man Race, White Man Race, Yellow Man Race, but it comes out with absolute love. This is justice. Because it comes out with absolute love, it can be welcomed anywhere in the world, and such a path is opened. Not only that, but all the universe's beings welcome us. Do you think so? 「Yes」

Such an organization, if our Unification Church becomes 80 million, then saving Korea is not a problem. Therefore, we are connecting everything to the world based on the principle. This is missionary work. Let's return! Our slogan is God's sons and daughters. Because we are God's sons and daughters, we must go beyond the path the saints took.

Therefore, we must become wanderers for world salvation, even if we become gypsies, carrying the ideal of the family, with absolute love, there is nowhere in the world we cannot go. We can undertake such a journey without hesitation. We carry the ideal of the family.

Then, if the Unification Church has a foundation of tribal and national organization, what will you do when Reverend Moon says, 'Hey! Departure order! To Africa!'? What will you do when he says, 'Attend by such and such a date and time'? Will you say, 'Oh, how can I go with our land, our mom and dad, our family?' That's why you must simplify your family so you can go anytime. Like refugees. If I buy you a house, will you want it? 'Won't you buy me a house?' But you don't need a house. We live like that. I live like that myself.

Just wait and see. There is a 'seed.' Is there a 'seed' that says, 'Oh, owner! I don't want to be planted anywhere but in America. I don't want to sprout.'? Even in barren land, sprouting is better than drying up and dying. Do you understand? You are God's fruit, aren't you? Aren't you the fruits of love? Right? 「Yes」 You must be grateful to God. Does the seed itself say, 'I choose where I go, not the owner!'? Is there such a law? 「No」 That's right. Do you understand? 「Yes」

How to do this... Therefore, our Unification Church just goes around the world, ten times a day, a hundred times a day. Look. When Moses said to the Israelites, 'Let's cross the Red Sea,' even if they die, they must cross. 'Oh, I can't go because I'm wearing silk,' does that work? 'I'm too short to go,' does that work? It doesn't work. Then what happens to short people? If they enter the water, they die immediately. Then Moses will carry them. If they die, the leader will carry them. But even if they keep entering, there is no one to carry them. There is no one but themselves to carry them. That's the logic. When everyone goes deeper and deeper, even if they say 'Ah!' who will carry them?

God will save Moses even if He kills all the Israelites. To save Moses, He must save me, who is holding Moses' neck. So, if you hold Moses and say you have caught him, you will surely live. What about you? Crossing the Pacific and Atlantic is more than crossing the Red Sea, isn't it? We go back and forth across the Pacific, the Atlantic, anywhere. How about you? Will you do that? 「Yes」

Others are all going out fundraising and doing special activities for 40 days, but what are these? They are all loafers. What are they doing? Looking at their eyes... Do you think it's good? Do you think it's bad? How is it? 「I think it's bad」 Really? 「Yes」 Why do you answer like that? You should say 'Yes!' Are you happy not to go out? Be honest. Raise your hand if you liked staying here. I think Americans are honest, so raise your hand as an honest American. (Laughter)

If you fight centered on absolute love, even Satan must surrender

The teacher is also researching to suffer more. He is researching to suffer more, but can you do that? Someone must do it. Someone must do it. Isn't that right? You must go and teach. Therefore, even though we are small, when we hold the world and turn it, the world turns. Korea turns, Japan turns, America turns, communism turns... It turns in reverse. Therefore, now the teacher is fighting with America, fighting with communism.
The representative who fights most tenaciously against the villains of the world is Reverend Moon. You need to know that. Doesn't everyone oppose you? It's a fight, a fight. Even if you get criticized, you say, 'You guys are no problem,' right? "Yes." Don't you think I will be the winner? "I think so." To do that, you need strength.

In this context, the concept of self-control centered on absolute love is okay anywhere. It's welcomed everywhere. Even if there are many enemies, and you fight boldly, who will they welcome? They welcome me. They don't drive me out; they welcome me. In that place, the satanic world submits, and the realm of victory in the heavenly world expands. You need to know that. In such a place, the heavenly realm always expands, never shrinks.

Therefore, among the ideas that heaven seeks to save the world, our movement is considered the most arrogant. It works. No matter how much you try, you guys. Even if you think like that, it works everywhere. If such a person goes to a village and rings the bell saying, 'Everyone gather,' people might say, 'Who is this guy ringing the bell and ordering us to gather?' But once they know, they say, 'Ah! He called us for absolute love.'

Raise your hand if you came to the Unification Church with a bad impression and wanted to find out more. Most of you, right? Most of you. When you came, you found it a place of love, and you have absolute love, so you say you won't leave, but you end up getting involved while saying, 'Don't get involved, don't get involved...' (Laughter) Do you like that or not? "We like it."

So no matter how arrogant and no matter how much legal struggle there is, no one can restrict it. It's welcomed. The universe welcomes it. You are Americans, and I'm Korean, right? "Yes." America opposes me, right? Why don't you oppose me? Why don't you oppose me? Because you are different Americans. The other Americans are self-centered Americans, while here, you are absolute public-centered Americans. That's different. Do you understand? And with love, you control and love, while there, it's not love... Here, it's a group advocating for the love of the universe, and there, it's a group centered on their own love, that's the difference.

So, as we said earlier, in the original world, God, Adam and Eve, and the archangel all set one public law, one standard, and lived according to that principle. We also, centered on the banner of absolute love, strive to harmonize with the universe and become one, following the form established as a standard in the original, unfallen world.

Even in the fallen world, if I live absolutely believing in that public law as a standard, the application of that law, the right of control, will reach me. 'I will appear as such an absolute man and go to the world of women!' Then, will women like it or not? "We like it." They will all open their mouths and say, 'Ah! Welcome.' 

So, do the women of the Unification Church like me? "Yes." No! "Yes!" No! "Yes!" (Laughter) That's strange. Women... Men would feel the same. When I'm here, it feels full. When I'm not here, they say, 'Oh, it's empty.' When a loving husband comes home from work and his wife is not there, he says, 'There's no one here.' Why is there no one? There are children. 'Oh, you were here,' he might mistakenly say. It's exactly like that. It's strange. (Laughter) Without love, you can't fill this room. Do you understand that? "Yes." What is that? It's love, love.

Let's love our enemies as we go forward with absolute love.

So, when you look at it that way, you are Americans, but when the American people oppose Reverend Moon, who would oppose him once they know this? There will be none! Isn't that great? Why? Because they also have love, and even animals, which are mere creatures, are harmonized with it, so humans with a conscience will welcome it.

There are many women who have betrayed me. But how many people have betrayed God? Adam and Eve betrayed, the archangel betrayed, and the history of betrayal has been woven until now, but because God claimed with absolute love, He cannot take revenge on His enemies. If you ask, 'Why is God waiting like that?' He would say, 'I can't do that.' Because of absolute love, He cannot take revenge and is waiting. He stretches his neck and says, 'I'll see, I'm waiting and going.' He waits with absolute love. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes."

We go loving even our enemies. Didn't it say to love your enemies? We go loving our enemies. It's absolute love, so we go loving our enemies. And we keep trying. We sprinkle water, wash, and wash again, continuing that game. Because God has absolute love, that's possible. Also, He keeps telling those who are a little better on the heavenly side to do so. Eventually, He tells them to come into the Unification Church and sends them all out to testify to absolute love in the evil world.

We need to know how pitiful and miserable heaven is. How much patience and misery there has been. We, in our lifetime, struggle to even mimic God's absolute love. When you see that, how do you think God would feel? "He would feel grateful."

When you see someone standing in such a miserable position, even if you feel miserable, you continue on this path, and God, even if He walks with a cane, will serve you, support you, and uphold you. That's why even if God goes to hell, even the demons of hell bow their heads. They bow their heads before Him. Satan cannot oppose absolute love.

Now, if this is really true, if someone who lives like that gets beaten to death on earth, would they be left in the beaten position in heaven? God would carefully place them in the heavenly museum as a masterpiece. Think about it. When that person is displayed as a masterpiece in heaven's museum, people from the world will all come to see it in the spirit world. What would happen when Americans who opposed Reverend Moon come to see it? 'Oh!' Imagine how shocking it would be. (Laughter)

It's not something to laugh about. It's not a secret. It's more than that. Would you raise your face or lower it? What would happen? Even if you tell them not to bow, they will bow. Then it becomes a shame for the country, and what would happen? Being white becomes a shame. That's how it connects.

Looking at you, you might think, 'I'm not good-looking. Looking at my face, I can't do anything as a man in the world, and even if I put up a sign, no one would look at it, so what should I do? Well, if Reverend Moon's words are true, I'll try living centered on absolute love,' and you think about walking around in absolute pants. Imagine that. Women walk around naked. At first, they would laugh. Why would they laugh? Because you say, 'I gave everything I had for absolute love, and I have nothing to wear, so I'm walking around like this,' and you walk around New York City. Ten million people in New York would be 'Puh-puh-puh—hee-hee-hee,' and women would criticize and all sorts of people would say all sorts of things.

Then, after a day, you walk out wearing those pants, and with a microphone from CBS or television, you say, 'I had this and that property... If it's a woman, she would say, 'Chinchilla something, mink coat, horse of some kind, Lincoln some car, I had many cars, but I gave them all away, even my underwear yesterday, and this is all I have left,' and if you cry and tell a story, what would happen? (Laughter) What do you think? "They bow their heads." Even educated doctors bow their heads? Only black people would bow their heads. Is it 'No' or 'Yes'? "Yes." If they don't, they will be restricted.

When centered on absolute love, it works everywhere.

Now, I will carry the flag of absolute love and make a grand march! How about that? From self-control, with the law of self-control, I will make myself like that and make the world like that! How about that? Do you think it will work? "Yes." Really? "Yes." Anywhere in the world? "Yes." Then what will you choose? "Absolute love..."

And this works in the earthly world and the heavenly world, and wherever such a person goes, the entire universe is bound to protect them. Isn't that right? Otherwise, God's ideal of creation would be wrong. That's the purpose. It's the purpose of existence. In front of such an object, even if my beloved wife doesn't want to go, if I pull her along, outwardly she says, 'No—no—' but inwardly she says, 'That's right, that's right,' and follows. Hands and feet oppose, but the mouth says, 'That's right, that's right. Correct, correct.' (Laughter) So, how about it? Women, do you oppose that? When you see your husband, you see that he values the whole more than loving you, and that's higher. How about it? "Yes."

If your wife is sitting here, and if there's a woman from the Unification Church, and he loves her more and values her more than his wife, what would you do? If he loves a woman from the Unification Church more than his wife, would you be jealous or happy? "Happy." How about Mother? If I come to you every morning and touch you, would Mother dislike it? "No." If I love you as a daughter, isn't that as a daughter? If I love you as a daughter, it's not as a wife but as a daughter. If I kiss you, it's as a daughter. (Laughter) It's different. It's not as a wife, right? Also, as a neighbor's aunt, as a relative's younger sister. How about it? That settles the order. So, our Unification Church members, our Unification Church men, even if they leave their wives and live apart for two or three years, they don't complain, right? "Yes."

They feel a sense of responsibility greater than their own to love the world, which God desires. Because the universe likes it, those who oppose it are removed. The universe must remove them.

Therefore, now... You like self-control, don't you? Right? "Yes." Centered on yourself, doing as you please, liking your partner but centered on yourself is satanic. But when centered on absolute love, centering on yourself leads to heaven. It's the closest. With such logic, even if you command someone you've just met, they won't dislike it. Even if you meet someone for the first time, it feels like you've seen them when you were young.

Even among Korean professors, President Jang met me and said, 'Oh, seeing you, it feels like I've seen you somewhere.' What did he see? It's the first time we've met. Then when did he see me? The bond of love already connects with the root of the existing world for eons. The emotional bond of love encompasses everything and transcends all knowledge and senses, so such recognition happens automatically.

Love, centered on absolute control... Do you understand what I'm saying? Centered on absolute love, it works everywhere. You can establish yourself as much as you want, control yourself as much as you want, and no one dislikes it. That's what God is like. God controls Himself and controls the entire universe.

At first, it's difficult. Self-control in such a context is really difficult. It's really difficult. You need to control your eyes, which are already habitualized, your ears, which are habitualized, and your feelings, which are habitualized, and return to the position like God.

We are raising a typhoon of absolute love.

When all the crowds gather and compete for seats, God stands in the corner. 'You all sit down, sit down,' and yet He doesn't think it's strange. If people do that, God stands in the corner. But God doesn't feel a bit sad about it. 'I do this because I love you all.' Isn't that wonderful? When they realize God is in the corner, all the audience wants to stand behind Him. In the world of love, order arises automatically.

Do you sometimes quarrel with your spouse? When you argue, women say, 'Why am I like this?' and because their hearts are narrow, they lock the door and say, 'I'd rather die than admit I'm wrong,' even though they know they're wrong, they don't admit it. Usually, men yield and say, 'Come on, don't do that,' and... (Laughter)

That's why the master of the house is the man. The man is the master. There is a difference in love and in every aspect. Do you understand? "Yes." In the spirit world, too, in the spirit world, there is order according to the degree of love, so no one can complain. Absolutely no complaints.

Self-control is difficult, controlling yourselves. It's difficult. It's difficult, but somehow, we need to consciously re-educate ourselves and become incarnations of absolute love. When we step forward with such absolute love, even if we are hundreds of times more arrogant and centered on ourselves than before, everything is okay. What will you choose? Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." When you firmly establish self-control centered on such love, there is no one who can oppose you anywhere. You will definitely win, win. Will you try it? "Yes."

Now, what do you do with fundraising? What is it for? It's to love the world. You can't give your body to the world. Only money. You send a gift of love. The gift of love will bloom there. There, the weathering effect, the fragrance of love will emerge, and from there, everyone's interest will change, and the person who receives it will naturally undergo a change. Isn't that a great thought? It has such an effect. If what you send is not loved, God will love it. God will manage it. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." Even if it goes to a beggar who doesn't know its value, God will go there and take responsibility for its value. It always finds its owner, always finds such an owner.

As for me, even in America... I bought this too. Right? The New Yorker and all, I bought them and gave them to you. If you don't know its value and manage it, it goes to God, inevitably. Even if you have nothing, you keep scattering love's things around the world, and you don't worry about managing them, you just keep thinking about giving. That's the heart of a parent. Such a person is continually blessed by God.

Now, you, the most notoriously famous religious organization in the world, is Moonies, right? Think of the typhoon of absolute love sweeping the universe. That movement is a movement with absolute love. Do you understand? "Yes." That's why we call it a race of love. What kind of love is it? It's absolute love. What do you think about that definition? Do you like it? "Yes." Wherever I go, a typhoon blows. A typhoon of absolute love blows.

When your hands are so long that you want to give something to the world, how... From here to the people of the world, or to the poor people in England, think about giving. Even if I don't have such hands, I can give as much as I want. If absolute love wants to go somewhere, it already 'whoosh' goes there. It jumps on this. Do you understand? Like a satellite. Your heart is like that too. When you have such love in your heart, you can travel to heaven as much as you want, even to the spirit world. That's why the Unification Church is mysterious, because when you miss me so much that you cry and forget to eat, the spirit world opens up. Why is that? In absolute love, that's possible.

The United States and communism will kneel before the Unification Church.

Therefore, with the key of absolute love, there is nothing that cannot be opened. Do you understand? The key of absolute love can open anything. When you place it on God's heart, it clicks open.

Think about all this, and from now on, control yourselves... You don't like giving things to others, do you? You want to wear the good clothes yourself. Sometimes, I taught our Mother, and she gave so much that it's a worry. (Laughter) She gave it all away. She gave it all. Now there's nothing. Even if there's nothing, she thinks it's better than wearing a diamond ring. I have never worn a ring on this finger for more than three hours. (Laughter) I taught all sorts of people and gave them away, and that's enough, so why wear a ring? Isn't that right?

If you live like that, you can definitely be called the people of heaven, and if you control yourselves and exercise that control worldwide, what would there be to do? God becomes your possession, and this universe becomes your possession, my possession. Everything is within my authority, and it's not forced, but they want to be governed by me. You need to know that it becomes an amazing world.

When I leave America, I can't say, 'This damned America! Go to ruin.' America is my enemy. It's my enemy. But I can't do that. Even though they are like this to me now, I think they will welcome me next time. If not, I need to teach them so they can understand.

The Washington Times, for example, doesn't benefit me at all. I made it for America. The movie 'Oh! Inchon' was made with 60 million dollars, for whom? Not for myself, not for me. I never thought of making money from it, not even in my dreams. Whether it succeeds or not is not the issue. It's because America opposes it. Even though it hasn't succeeded now, when they realize it was made out of love for America, I believe they will use it as educational material in American schools in the future. Even though the Unification Church doesn't make money now, I think it will make an unimaginable amount of money in America in the future, ten, twenty, a hundred, a thousand years later. Do you think so? "Yes."

In that sense, no matter how much America opposes, they will lose to me. No matter how much communism opposes, they will lose to me. They will kneel before me. Why? Because of absolute love, they have no choice. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." This solves everything in the world. If there's one thing I want the most, it comes to the conclusion that this is the only thing. If you have this one thing, you have everything. You even have God.

Now that you know, from now on, under this standard, you must think that you will run magnificently in 1983. Today is the first Sunday of December, and as you think about the first day you can welcome the New Year, remember these words! Amen. Those who will do so, raise your hands. Thank you very much. May God's blessing be with you! (Applause)

The Most Important Time

Is there anyone downstairs? No one, right? Do you like it when there are few people? How about it? Since there are few people, how do you feel? "It's cozy." The most important time... If we talk about urgency, we can say it's the 'most emergency time.' I think it can be replaced with such words, emergency time. 'Emergence' means 'production, output, occurrence,' right? "Yes." Emergency means emergency. This one letter difference, 'y,' makes one mean emergency and the other mean production. English is really strange. One letter...

America in God's Providence

In the process of the providence of restoration centered on God's will, the period centered on people and the conditions of indemnity centered on this period are always absolute factors, as we are learning. This period always involves sacrifice. Sacrifice accompanies it. Then who should bear that sacrifice? The Abel-type being must bear it. Abel must bear it, but by Abel bearing it, it can bring about the progress of the will or bring about the interruption of the will. There are always two aspects that remain there.

From there, a new providence can develop or be interrupted.

Such historical periods expand from the individual age to the family age, tribal age, national age, world age, and cosmic age. Such a process encompasses the entire history of providence from the start to the present. The full-scale providence of God began with the name of Israel, starting from the age of Jacob, as you well know.

From the age of Jacob, starting with the victory of the individual, it progresses through the victory of the family to the tribe, nation, and world. You know that Israel means victory. There was a person named Jacob, there was a period of 21 years, and then there was a need for conditions of indemnity, as you have learned.
Then, it was the same during Moses' time. There was a 40-year period centered on Moses, and conditions for indemnity were necessary. It was the same during Jesus' time. Although it was 33 years centered on Jesus, a global condition for indemnity had to be established centered on a 40-year period.

Due to the victory of Jacob's family, the nation started centered on Jacob's family. Based on the foundation of family victory, the tribal start was made from there. Then, Moses started with the tribe of Israel, a specific nation called Israel, and moved towards a national start. Jesus started from the nation and moved towards the world.

So, centered on the ideology of Christianity, the whole world... This should have already been integrated into the Christian cultural sphere, the Jesus cultural sphere, centered on Rome at that time, but since it fought and separated from Rome and went to the position of opposition, it is now standing on the global foundation centered on 2,000 years of history.

The current global Roman type that can welcome Jesus is the United States. Now, based on this United States, God's providence is to propose a movement centered on the idea of the Second Coming to restore the cosmos, liberating even the spirit world.

Now is an emergency period where Satan is entering the realm where he can dominate the world.

Until now, the spirit world and the physical world have been separated. So, except for those responsible centered on a specific generation, specific people, or a specific religion, or those related to a specific denomination on earth, no one could contact the spirit world. They couldn't contact it.

So, how is the current era? How has it become in the era of the Second Coming? (Writing on the board) The era of the Second Coming is when everything is connected on a flat plane. What kind of time is it now? There are the realms of Adam, Eve, and the archangel, and God. If there had been no fall, these would have become one. But Satan is here, and then there are evil people. There is an evil man and an evil woman. Then there is an evil archangel. These are mixed together.

Then, why is it an emergency period? When looking at the people of the world, when comparing those on God's side, that is, men, women, and angels centered on God, with those centered on Satan, which side is more? Currently, the evil side, the Satan side, is entering the realm where it can exploit and dominate the world.

Then, what kind of group can be on God's side centered on God? The conclusion is that it can only be the mainstream religions and the peripheral religions.

There are Cain and Abel in religion. You need to know that. There are Cain-type religions and Abel-type religions. Also, on the evil side, in the Satan world, there are Cain-type Satan and Abel-type Satan. On God's side, it is divided into the realms of Abel and Cain. It's the same on Satan's side. There are Abel Satan and Cain Satan. Then, this can be connected to this side. Isn't that right? It is attached to this tail. It becomes the order of 1, 2, 3, 4. (Speaking while writing on the board)

Those who believe in religion are now falling away, and worldly people are coming in. On earth, this exchange is possible. Then what about in the spirit world? It's impossible. It's only possible in this earthly world. Why? Why? We live in two worlds. This is the boundary line, and when looking towards God's side, Abel is close here, and Cain is here. Then, when looking towards Satan's side, Abel is here, and Cain is here. Here, heaven is trying to take away like this, and Satan is trying to take away like this.

Humans standing on the boundary line between God and Satan

Now, when you look at it like this, what is the boundary line? It's the border line where I stand. You are standing here. With this border line as the center... This is the center line, but where are my feet placed? Have you crossed over here, or have you come to this side? This is the boundary line, but how are your feet placed? These are feet. (Drawing a picture. Laughter) If it's like this, Satan hooks onto the tip of the foot and keeps pulling. (Laughter) It's pulling here, but the foot hasn't crossed halfway yet. If it crosses halfway, Satan says, 'That's my foot!' So if one foot, this foot, has crossed over here, what happens? Satan can do all sorts of things. He will anchor and tie a rope to pull.

Then, when it crosses over, even if he ties a rope and pulls with a winch, God can't say anything. Now, if you cross the border even by one step, is it an invasion or not? On such a day, they can drag me into that world. You can't do anything about it.

When you look at it like this, are you crossing the boundary line now, or are you riding the boundary line? "I'm on God's side." Are you on God's side? "Yes." Yes? (Laughter) Think about it. When you look at it like this, even if you are standing here, do your eyes go to the world over there, or not? Even if you have crossed over to God's side, how about your eyes? When Christmas comes, don't you think of your mother and hometown? Everyone is excited about that thought and wanders around.

(Expressing with actions) 'Oh!' Doing that is a big deal. (Laughter) It can happen.

When Lot's wife was leaving Sodom and Gomorrah, she had lived well with her children and everything, but now when she leaves, where will she go? She will become a group of gypsies with nowhere to go... It's not like they were told to prepare a place and go. So, as she went, she looked back in regret and became a pillar of salt, which is the same fate. All the women are now going out for fundraising nationwide, are they going happily or reluctantly because it's cold?

Do you think God loves you, or doesn't love you? Do you think He protects you, or doesn't protect you? "I think He protects us." Let's critically evaluate your life of faith. When you think about your life of faith, do you feel like a fickle woman or a loyal gentleman? Answer honestly, honestly. How is it? "A fickle woman." Is it the same for men? "Yes."

So, when you look at it like this, how many times do you go back and forth with such a mind in a day? Some people say they go once a month. Some say they go once a year. Some say once in ten years, and some say once in a lifetime. Some say they never go in a lifetime. What type are you? What is it? "I go every day." (Laughter)

And then you pray to God. 'God, fulfill my wish,' you pray earnestly. Will He listen to such earnest prayers? Think about it. (Laughter) Should God listen to that or not? "He shouldn't." If a judge, every day, commits crimes and becomes a repeat offender, would he forgive him if he says 'forgive me again'? Would he do it no matter how much he asks?

Can you say, 'God is a God of love, so He will forgive me anytime and do as I want'? "No." If someone who is fickle keeps calling 'God, God!' will God say 'Yes, yes' and go backward, or will He go forward and far away? "He will go far away." When you look at God with eyes that Satan likes and say 'God, I like you,' would He like that? God would want to close His eyes.

What kind of place should you pray from?

Today, there are countless Christians, and they all say they pray for God, but are they praying for the world to perish? There is not one person praying for the world to perish, but the world is perishing. In Christianity, they prayed so much, 'May Christianity prosper so that God's will can be victorious. Prosper it.' But Christianity is perishing. Do you understand what that means? Where did those prayers go?

You see, prayer life is not done from a fickle place. It must be done from a deep place, a place representing heaven, far from the boundary line. Praying from a place unrelated to the boundary line, eternally unrelated to Satan, is extremely reasonable. Therefore, how should you pray now? To pray for the earnest and important issues of your life, you must purify yourself and pray from a place unrelated to the boundary line, eternally unrelated to Satan.

Some people say, 'No matter how much I pray to God, there is no response,' but is it supposed to respond when you pray from Satan's side? Would God listen to such prayers? Would a God of justice listen from a place where it doesn't matter if it's this way or that way? "No." You must be clear about one thing. You would also say 'No.'

So, when you look at it like this, among all the Christians in the world, how many would not cross over to the other side and continue towards God throughout their lives? How many would there be? One person? Two people? Three people? "..." When you look at it like this, you can understand God's heart when He said He would not destroy Sodom and Gomorrah if there were even ten righteous people when Abraham prayed for them.

How about you, Unification Church members? Among Unification Church members, how many are completely on God's side? How about you, Unification Church members? Answer. Think about yourselves. What about you? Are you citizens of the Kingdom of Heaven? Are you sons and daughters of God? Can you answer? 'I am definitely a citizen of the Kingdom of Heaven! I am a son or daughter of God!' Can you confidently say that? "No." No, yes? "No."

God wanted to establish a religion to find the world and the nation, but where did that ideology and will go, when even the best believers, the Unification Church members, are saying 'No'? Isn't it a state of emergency for God? "It is an emergency." *God says, 'Now is an emergency period for me. Who will help me? Who will save me?' That is God's suffering. Is that right or wrong? "It's right." It's right.

Thinking of that, I think it would be better to live a life in prison and become a man or woman whom God can trust, which would be the most desirable and ultimate path before God. Even if I am tortured and beaten all day, if I want to become a citizen of God and a son or daughter of God, then such persecution... (The recording is briefly interrupted) What will you choose? What do you want to choose? It's a serious issue.

When you think about such things, you must realize how difficult it is to pray before God. Am I not insulting God in His presence? Asking God to become the subject I desire is an insult. You must feel ashamed when you pray. You must feel ashamed when you pray repeatedly.

The time when the Christian culture could have dominated the world was right after World War II

Now is not only God's emergency era but also the world's emergency era and the religious world's emergency era. You need to understand this. Do you understand? "Yes." How about each of you? It's the same. You are the same, your families are the same, and the society you live in, America, is the same. Do you think so? "Yes."

Then, in such a situation, when Satan has already taken over two-thirds of the world and is now sweeping the entire world, when was the time when Christianity could have swept the world centered on it? It was right after World War II. You must not forget that heaven allowed the world domination centered on the Christian culture after America's victory in World War II.

At that time, even China was on America's side, Eastern Europe was on America's side, and only the Soviet Union was not on God's side. The Soviet Union was nothing... If they had pushed at that time, they would have completely swept it into the Christian cultural sphere. No matter how you look at it, the time when the world could have been dominated centered on religion was only then. This is a very theoretically correct statement. When you look at it today, it is a very reasonable statement that we cannot help but accept. When you look at it like this, the highest peak era centered on God's providence was then, and it was a good chance to realize what God promised on this earth.

Then, what kind of prayers did Christians pray a lot at that time? They must have prayed a lot, 'Help my country, help my family,' for thousands of years. What kind of prayer do you think was the most? Think about it. During the 400 years of Roman persecution, did they pray more, 'Oh, Lord, come,' or did they pray more for their own well-being and for their church to prosper? The prayer Christians prayed the most was 'Oh, Lord, come.' That prayer was the most common, which is a common-sense statement. There is no objection to that.

The time right after World War II was when God could send the Lord that humans had prayed for so much for thousands of years. We can conclude this deductively, and it would not be against common sense. Do you understand? The American people and the free world did not know, but God will see it that way. From the perspective of providence, He will see it that way.

The reason the Unification Church movement is bound to be opposed

The faith of that time... Until now, the faith was all about 'The Lord comes riding on the clouds.' Imagine coming down with a parachute like a cloud. Imagine coming with clouds, surrounded by clouds, riding a parachute. And if the Lord, who is said to come riding on the clouds, comes as a person, what would happen?

When God fulfills His will and fulfills what humans have prayed for thousands of years, is a phantom-like Lord riding on the clouds more necessary for the human world, or is a Lord with a body who can govern the entire human world more necessary? Which is more necessary? What did Jesus say? I am the way, and then what? The truth, and then life. He said this. Is a cloud the way? "No." Is a cloud the truth? Is a cloud life? The cloud is not the issue; Jesus himself is the issue. So, the way must be clearly taught. The truth must be clearly taught. Life must be clearly taught. One thing is missing here, one thing. Love is missing, love. Jesus couldn't walk the path of love, so he couldn't include it here.

If he doesn't come riding on the clouds and comes as a person to teach these things, what would Christianity do? Would they welcome him or oppose him? Which is it? Since they believe he comes riding on the clouds, if he comes as a person, they will oppose him.

So, when you look at it like this, the Unification Church movement is in a position to be opposed by all the religions of the world and all of Christianity... When claiming that he comes as a person, it stands in the position to be opposed. It's official. Is it right? "Yes." Then what will Satan do? He will try to kill the Unification Church and do all sorts of things. Does Satan make an issue of killing people or not? "No." He is trying to push Reverend Moon and the Moonies to the place of death. He is always trying to push them to the place of death.

Then, would God say, 'Hey, die'? "No." He would definitely hold onto these little Moonies and Reverend Moon and say, 'Even if only you remain, just fulfill my will.' God is praying. God will pray, 'Take back this world that I desire from Satan! Take it back! Bring it back!' Wouldn't He say that? "He would."

He is hoping for that, in such a situation, but the Moonies are crossing the border several times a day. These wretched children! Should they be struck by lightning, or what should happen? Are you proud of being a Moonie, a disciple of Reverend Moon? "Yes." What is 'Yes,' 'Yes'? How much did you hate talking about being a member of the Unification Church? Or how much did you find it tiresome to talk about the Unification Church? Then how is it now? "Proud."

When I went to the American court this time, I thought lightly of the judge. 'No matter what you do, I will step over you!' I go with this mindset, not with the thought of 'Oh, have mercy.' Do you understand? "Yes." Even if I go to prison, I do not lose the dignity and face of heaven. 'I have nothing to do with that boundary line forever!'

Therefore, God thinks, 'Having seen Reverend Moon so far, he is not someone who goes back and forth on the borderline. He only knows one-way traffic. It's only advancement. There is no retreat!' When He thinks this, would He trust Reverend Moon or not? "He would." Reverend Moon only walks the path towards God. He knows nothing else. Even if all friends say not to go, even if his parents, wife, and children say not to go, he goes that way. Even if the country opposes and the teacher opposes, and everyone opposes, he goes that way. Even if all religions and the whole world oppose, he goes alone.

As a religious leader, no one in history has been opposed worldwide like Reverend Moon. Do you know that? Reverend Moon holds the record for being opposed. He is the champion of being opposed. Is that right? (Laughter. Applause) Then is it because of Reverend Moon or because of God?

How about those of you who follow Reverend Moon? Critically evaluate. How about you? If I say let's go to prison, will you go? "Yes." If you say, 'I hate prison! I want to be free,' and run away... Do you think Jesus' disciples were worse than you? They couldn't believe in Jesus, and when Koreans couldn't believe in Korean Reverend Moon, can Americans, Westerners, who haven't even seen him, say 'Yes'? Can they believe it or not? "They can believe it."

You, Americans, haven't you been educated in liberalism and individualism? Do you think you have a strong personal opinion, your opinion? When I say something, you analyze everything and say, 'Ah! I accept this. This is a certain percentage,' and you are the ones who calculate, aren't you? "I believe 100%." It's easy to answer. I believe 100%... Is that really so? How difficult and challenging the path is, you must consider.

Hearing these words, do you think, 'Oh, this Moonie must die. Oh, I must bury my face in the ground'? Do you want to lower your head and go like this, or go like this? (Expressing with actions) Which is it? "I want to go." You answered clearly. Is it good to advance? "Yes." You must know that advancing is very, very difficult. In your life, only advancement remains. How about it?

Therefore, Jesus said that those who want to die will live, and those who want to live will die. He said that those who want to live will die. Have you thought about how seriously I must have considered this path as I came along? Those who followed me would all fall away when I was handcuffed. I have seen that many times, many times. Even in my country, it was like that, so when I see the issue of whether you can do that in a foreign land, it's serious. If you could show evidence that 'Yes, we cannot help but believe!' it would be good, but it's not like that. You are not even as good as Koreans. Do they have tears... As you go, do you think it will become more difficult or easier? When you don't know, you think it's easy, but as you go, do you think it will become more difficult or easier?

The only way America can overcome the greatest emergency era

Now, if God tells Reverend Moon to 'abandon America,' should he abandon it or hold onto it? It's a serious issue. A serious issue. 'Isn't it closer to African people, South American people, or Asian people than knowledgeable and analytical Americans?' When everyone says, 'That's right!' you must know that the answer is a common-sense answer.

The Bible says that it is harder for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven than for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, and it will be just as difficult for a rich nation to achieve the kingdom of heaven. It's the same conclusion. It will be easier for a poor person to enter the kingdom of heaven. It's the same conclusion. Is that correct or not? "It's correct." Then, achieving the kingdom of heaven through America is like a camel going through the eye of a needle, isn't it impossible? I think so. It means that it is easier for a poor person to enter the kingdom of heaven. It's the same.

Then, if you want to defeat Americans through these people, what should you do? If you know how to sacrifice more and work harder than African people or South American people, it will be faster. It's simple. It will be faster. Do you understand?

Even if you achieve the kingdom of heaven in Africa, you have to come to America again. Even if you achieve the kingdom of heaven in South America, you have to come to America again. So, Reverend Moon's wish and our Moonies' wish is to make Americans believe in God more than any other people. How about it? "It's good." Then, you should live a life below the living standard of African people! How about it? "I will." *Americans don't like such miserable lives. I know that. I know the direction of God's providence. Now, I am thinking of sending Americans to such a place. How about it? "It's good." Is it welcome or not? "It's welcome." (*From here, speaking in English)

You must know that. Based on this principle, America is in the highest position, but it must return to the lowest position. Because God wants a nation higher than America... America is like this. America is this big. You are this big, so you try to turn like this. If you do this, you only become smaller. How does God turn? He turns from here.
I'm going to turn here, not from here, but I intend to turn like this from here. 
  If you cut this part here, it means it has to get this much worse. Americans say, 'I like going up, but I hate going down,' but that's a big mistake! You have to go down to go up. You have to go down. When this goes up like this, doesn't it reach a high place? (Speaking while writing on the board) If today all 240 million Americans say, 'Let's all sacrifice for the world as Reverend Moon does!' then is that going up, or going down? 
88   
It's going down. Down! Down! Down! When it goes down, does it become one, or does it separate? It goes down but becomes one, and eventually, it goes up as much as it went down. There's no other way. If you say, 'Oh, I want to be comfortable. Oh, something easier, something even easier...' then you'll fail. You'll fail. God will leave you. God will leave. How is it? You have to know this for sure. 
  So, it's the greatest emergency era! The only way to overcome this emergency era is to say, 'Let's go on a more comfortable path than now. Let's pack up like refugees and cross the border to a comfortable place,' or 'Let's endure and welcome a more miserable path and overcome it, and clear up all the circumstances.' Which is it? "The more miserable path..." That's the only way. You have to know that there's no other way. 
  The only way for America to survive in the world and sustain God's will is for Americans to voluntarily sacrifice for the world and seek the path of suffering that denies the present. There is no other way for America to survive and for the free world to survive. 
Those who say they will sacrifice for God in this utmost emergency era 
  So, wouldn't it be great if there were a means to theorize going down such a path? How great would it be? The whole world is in chaos now, the whole world. Since the end of World War I, for 70 years, and for 40 years after World War II, it's been in a period of suffering. There has never been a time in history that has brought such global chaos. Moreover, since the 1960s, it has entered a great era of chaos. In 1963, President Kennedy was killed, and in 1961, UN Secretary-General Hammarskjöld died, and problems have become complicated. America was hit. 
  Those who know the world see that America has no way to survive in the future. They think it will be completely swallowed by communism, so smart journalists start moving their pens toward communism, leaving America. 
89 
You have to know that they are turning their pens. Intellectuals, all university professors, have hope in communism. They see America as unable to defend against communism in the future. 
  In such a situation, under such a communist threat, Carter came out and handed over fourteen countries to communism worldwide. So they said, 'Ah, what we are seeing is not wrong,' and Reagan came out opposing it, and now there's a fuss about military expansion and whatnot, but they are criticizing how long it will last. The communists are mobilizing the whole world, saying, 'Oppose Reagan! Oppose Reagan!' and we are hearing it all now. 
  So, when the next presidential election comes, knowing that the world is in an uproar, will they take a line opposing Reagan's policies or supporting them? "They will take a line opposing them." Then, it's a battle between the Republican and Democratic parties, and the Republicans are the conservative force, and the Democrats are liberal, right? Which side has more numbers? "The Democrats have more." If they turn to the Democrats, what do you think will happen? By opposing Reagan, it will eventually lean completely toward the liberal side. Then where will America go? 
  But there is one strange and peculiar group, which is Reverend Moon's group, the Unification Church group, and this group opposes communism. Who is that? "Moonies." Only Moonies. But instead of supporting Moonies and following them, they oppose Moonies, and both Europe and America are making a fuss about Moonies, and Reverend Moon is fighting legal battles. Ah, both the democratic world and the communists are trying to kill Moonies, so where do Moonies go? Can Reverend Moon take responsibility? Does Reverend Moon have a country? Even Korea is opposing, you see. Only this small group of Moonies supports Reverend Moon. It's nothing, nothing. 
  But strangely, what Reverend Moon advocates is, you see, to sacrifice centered on God. Because he stands in the position of sacrificing more than America, more than the world, centered on God, from God's standpoint, the conclusion is that Reverend Moon is undoubtedly the only person God can sympathize with. The position of Moonies is the same as God's position. Do you understand? While trying to comfort God, liberate God, and live for God, God will undoubtedly need Moonies. This conclusion comes out. 
  Meanwhile, they say they will save the world, humanity, America, and communism. They will cut off all these boundaries. Then is this an easy path or a difficult path? "It's a difficult path." How difficult is it? "Very, very." It's the utmost emergency era. You have to know that it's the utmost emergency era. The fate of the world, God's fate, the fate of religion, the fate of history, all fates are at stake. You have to know that it's the greatest emergency era. 
Declare yourself an independence army for the liberation of God and the world
 
  John the Baptist said of Jesus, 'Behold the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world!' but now, regarding Reverend Moon, it's 'Behold Reverend Moon, who takes responsibility for the liberation of the world! Behold the Son of God, Reverend Moon!' 
  Comparing the era of Jesus and the Unification Church era, which time is more difficult? "The Unification Church era." In Rome, there was a cave called the Catacombs. You can see the caves where Christians died during the 400-year persecution era. Even if you walk a path of suffering beyond that, you must declare yourself the liberation independence army for the liberation of humanity and God, the independence army. You must think of yourself as the independence army that liberates God and the world. 
  Without such determination, you cannot carry out this crucial task. Unification Church members have that responsibility. It's not an empty theory, but a fact, not an empty theory but a fact. So, it's been 37 years since the end of World War II, right? America's fate will be decided in three years. If President Reagan is defeated.... When they say 'Reagan,' I say 're-again.' When announcers say it, they say 'Reagan.' If he is defeated in the next presidential election, America will have no hope. 
  What about the Unification Church? In these three years, if we don't turn American public opinion to present the opinion that Moonies can save this country, we must not fail. We will enter such a time. In that sense, I see that without resolving the legal battles and achieving victory in court, we cannot turn the American people. From 1975, 76, 77, 78, 79, 80, 81, for seven years, the U.S. government investigated, and if Reverend Moon is judged innocent, then even if Americans who curse us say, 'What, you bastard, what is it, you bastard,' we will fight that final battle. There has been no action more for America and the world than Reverend Moon. You have to know that. 
Advance to Moscow, the final front against communism 
  You, the American Unification Church members, must come out with the confidence to fight and win boldly, even in legal battles in weak nations or refugee areas in Africa and Asia, like the teacher. Then, centered on God's will, the liberation of the world will begin to be realized quickly. If that happens, God will hold onto and help this group. Just wait and see; when that happens, God will help. 
  Then, at that time, Moonies will go to Moscow. Even if they march to Moscow, the shield of victory from heaven will be waiting there. Heaven will surely cooperate and pave the way to victory. It was supposed to be prepared through Christianity as the final front, but since Christianity failed, and Christianity perished, heaven will certainly be with the world of Moonies, the world of the Unification Church, advancing toward this final front. The teacher knows that for sure. Already knows it all. 
  In the world, you see, now everyone fears the Soviet Union, but there is a crazy person who says they will advance toward Moscow. There are only two in history, God and Reverend Moon. Only God and Reverend Moon desire to advance toward Moscow, how is it? If you ask God, 'Is it really so?' will He say 'Yes,' or 'No, Reverend Moon is wrong'? What will He say if you ask God? "He will say yes." Do you think so? Don't you think so? "I think so." It's like a dream. Even giving such an answer is like a dream. 
  Then, will you just be someone who answers 'Yes!' or will you be someone who takes action? "Someone who takes action." Then you have to prepare from now on. Are you preparing? Are you preparing, everyone? "Yes." For how many years? 'Oh, I'm married, so I have to live. Oh, I have to live with my wife and have children, and I have to live,' do you think like that, or do you think, 'I will become a gypsy and pass through the Gobi Desert in Asia, pass the Great Wall, pass through Mongolia, and go to the Soviet Union'? "The second one." Do you say you will take your children and wife like gypsies, pass through the desert, pass the Great Wall, pass through Mongolia, pass through Siberia, and advance to Moscow? You think you'll take a plane, don't you? A plane? When you go to Moscow, you think, 'If the teacher provides the money, we'll take a plane,' don't you? You walk, walk there. (Walking) "Yes." Which is more valuable, winning by taking a plane or winning by walking? Which will remain as a tradition in history? "Winning by walking." (Laughs)
  So why have you been persecuting Moonies until now? You have to know that it was training for that work, and that the real thing hasn't been done yet. How is it? 'Now is the training course, not the real battle era,' is that what you mean? How is it? "Both." It's the training era, right? "It's the real battle era." That's the real battle era within America, right? Isn't Moscow the final front against communism? 
93 
Now, with CARP centered on 300 universities, Eldridge Cleaver is lecturing, and the communists come in and say 'Yayaya,' and now they even come to the entrance of Washington with communist marks and oppose. Well done, you bastards! It's all like this, and a big fight has broken out. Who knows? There, too, it's an emergency era. There, too, it's now an emergency era. There, it's become an emergency era, so Moonies are in an emergency era. A fierce battle has broken out, a fierce battle. Do you know? I'm giving orders, saying do this. I'm quietly in East Garden, but you see, I'm fighting that fight. No one knows about the Unification Church work except the teacher, right? Isn't that right? "Yes." That's right. 
The difference between the Unification Church and established churches 
  That's why, 'Reverend Moon, Reverend Moon,' even the communists, the mafia, and gangsters all hate Reverend Moon. So, is God likely to listen to the teacher's prayer or not? "He will." In Christianity, for 2,000 years, they prayed, 'Oh! Lord, come!' even as they died, but when will you say, 'We must go to Moscow'? 'We must go' sounds similar to 'Moscow.' What if you have to wait thousands of years? 
  You must say to God, 'Our Moonies are different from past Christians. We have completely crossed the boundary and are trying to live in the very heart of God's heart as His sons and daughters.' God will surely say that. God will say, 'What's different? The fervor of prayer and everything is the same. There's nothing different.' Then what will you say? 'So far, Christianity has prayed for their own salvation and to go to heaven, but we pray to save the world.' You have to say that. To liberate God, to liberate You.... How wonderful is that? 'I don't care if I die. I don't care if I go to hell. My wish is to serve God and liberate humanity!' You have to say that. Then do you go to hell? "No." That's what Moonies are. That's what makes us different. Is that so? "Yes." Is that so? "Yes." 
  Then, from now on, if all Americans, whether married or not, men or women, are told to remarry with Soviet people, what will you do? (Laughter) If that can be done without war and without shedding blood, it's not impossible. (Laughter) Then what will God do? If the world can be naturally unified without shedding blood, by marrying blessed Unification Church Moonies with Soviet people, God will say, 'Oh—these people!' or 'That's a good idea.' What will He say? What will God do? Will He say He's upset, or will He say He's pleased? Think about it. "He will say He's pleased." 
  What does that mean? Then do you have the confidence to say to your wife, 'You can go to the Soviet border and get a Soviet person'? 'If you can achieve God's will and save the world, if you can leave me and get a Russian person, and if there's a way to do that, God will bless it. Can you do that?' When she says 'Yes,' you say 'Goodbye, God bless you.' (Laughter) It's not something to laugh about. It's a serious word, a serious word. 'How wonderful you are' or 'How bad you are,' which is it? "Wonderful." Wonderful! (Laughter) If there are people who think like that, heaven will want to live with them, be with them, and work with them. 
  According to recent reports from our members underground in the Soviet Union, Soviet people all want to go to America and like Americans. So now, since we can do photo marriages, I thought we should keep marrying American young people with Soviet people. How is it? If all American youths want to marry Soviet women and Soviet men, what will happen? Will it become Americanized or Sovietized? No one says Sovietized. Is it Sovietized or Americanized? 
  Moonies, you see, when entering the Soviet side, the communist side, the satanic side, they will never become Sovietized; they will Americanize them. If the Soviet communists say they will give them American women, and they all say yes, they are eager to come to America, so they marry and live there for about three years, and then bring them out in four years. If they live there for about three years and Americanize them all, how about that? How is it? My interest in you Americans is only that. There's nothing else to do but that. (Laughter)
Have the pride that God helps us and save America 
  We know it's an emergency, but let's digest this emergency as a time we have been waiting for. In that sense, it's like the battle between Goliath and David. Look. David came out with a few stones to sling. It's really amazing. And he said, 'In the name of God, this David is facing Goliath!' How foolish is that? At that time, it would have been a laughing matter. 
  David didn't think, 'God's situation is like this, so He will help,' he just believed and did it. But you know and do it, knowing the situation. But what about David? He didn't think about liberating the world and God, he thought about liberating the country, the Jewish nation. Who will God help? Will He help Moonies more than David? How is it? "He will help Moonies more." You have to have such conviction and such pride. 
  Now, America will come to a time when it cannot speak loudly in front of Moonies. Think that our time is coming. We must save America. We must save America! From now on, you have to decide where you will go in 30 years. Have you decided where you will go in 20 years? 
96   
Have you thought about where you will go? Have you thought about where you will go? "Yes." Whether it rains or snows, I am going for that work. I go without sleeping, quickly, quickly. There's no time. There's no time. 
  It's the most serious emergency era in history. 'I welcome the most serious emergency era on earth!' Do you say that? "Yes." Even if my hand is cut off, my ear is cut off, my eye is gouged out, and my neck is cut, if I am still alive, I must go as a person with a body, for the liberation of humanity and the liberation of God. 
Where God's hope and humanity's hope reside 
  The other day, our kids said, 'Mother and Father are excellent in every way, so they think more like the parents of the Unification Church than our parents.' Sometimes they feel that they are the parents of the Unification Church, not our parents. When I hear such words, I say it's true. Mother also says it's true. 'Father has worked so far, so now you should take some time to care for the family,' she said, but I said 'No.' 
  I still have a path to go. I must go to Moscow. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." If they don't listen, I will drag them along, and somehow I will go. If someone doesn't want to go, I will leave them behind and go, and then come back and take them. After that, God will say, 'Oh, Reverend Moon, you were excellent,' and praise me. He will conclude that I loved the country and humanity more than my children and family. How is that? 
  So which path should the teacher take? Which path should you take? The teacher must continue to take that path. How about you? You must do more than that, go beyond that, right? "That's right." Then do you think this world will perish, or do you think the world will survive because of the Unification Church members? "It will survive." God's wish is connected to this place, and the world's wish continues here. You must know that God's wish and the world's wish continue in this place. It's such a place. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You must know that God's hope and humanity's hope reside in the family you live in. 
  The Unification Church is developing because it has such a tradition. Even though we have many children, they are all growing well because they are going down such a path, and God is protecting them. So we are grateful, knowing that they are growing well without problems. You must know that when we gather and share words about liberating Moscow, solving world problems, and liberating God, humanity's wish and God's wish reside in that place. You must know that God's hope and humanity's hope reside in the environment that agrees with the theory of liberating God and the world. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 
  We are like that. People of all colors, Asian people, black people, white people, Germans, Anglo-Saxons, it's not a problem. We must always discuss liberating humanity and liberating God. Don't say useless things like 'I don't like fundraising,' or wives saying 'My husband is this, my children are that...' When white people gather and say 'We must become like Moonies. How do we liberate God and humanity?' there is the hope of the world and the hope of God. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." There's no room to think about or do anything else. 
98   
By having such an attitude, we can digest this utmost emergency period. We can digest the emergency era. Only by having such an attitude can we control the hope of God and humanity. Do you understand? "Yes." The place where such Moonies are is the center. You must be able to digest this emergency era of the world. 
  When you pray with such a heart, God will listen to any prayer. Even if you go to a place where you will die, you will not die. Even if you think you will freeze to death, you will not freeze to death. Even if you think you will starve to death, you will not starve to death. Do you think so? How many sins have you committed before God? Going back and forth, changing.... Is this possible? Is this possible? People don't like it, so can God like it? What you have prayed for so far should not be fulfilled. God is making it so that it won't be fulfilled. 
  Still, Moonies, thinking that there is no person of God among the world's humanity, from this time on, even if it's just this small number, centered on God, 'I am undoubtedly Your son and daughter, undoubtedly a citizen of Your country,' you move with such a traditional thought. With this thought, we can save America and more. This thought, how wonderful it is. You cannot have this thought even if you give your wife, you cannot exchange it even if you give your son, you cannot find it even if you give your country. You must know how precious it is. 
  When you practice with this thought, God will be mine, humanity will be mine. We will possess it. How great is that? How precious is that? Is that so? "Yes." Is that so, or not? "That's right."
Would you like to do that? "Yes." Will you practice it? "Yes." May God's blessing be with you. (Applause)

The Secret of All Things Going Well

Everyone, Christmas is approaching, and you must be thinking of your hometown, right? "No." Saying no is a lie. (Laughter) You think of your hometown, but why do you think of it? Why is that? When people have good times or good things happen, or when they have sad times or sad things happen, they inevitably think of their hometown. Does that seem right? "Yes."

You Must Live with a Partner After Leaving Your Hometown

Why is that? Why is it so? It's because your parents are there. You have siblings there. You have your family, and relatives centered around your family, and you grew up there. You grew up there. You Americans, as Americans, learned all the customs and language based on America.

You were born to your parents, wet your diapers, cried, and grew up there. You were scolded, praised, fought with siblings, and when you look at photos, you resemble each other. You resemble your parents or siblings.

So, in living your life, there's no place better than your hometown. All the feelings, emotions, and everything you've seen, heard, and felt with your five senses are all combined there.

In your hometown, things work out. If you do something, it works out. Even if you throw a tantrum, it works out. Even if siblings fight and make a fuss, they forgive with compassion. (Laughter)

Looking at such a situation, there's no place like that in your life. When you go out into society, society is... When you go out to solve your livelihood, the path to society is narrow. If you hit someone, retaliation will come. There's no forgiveness, no room. When you work at a job, everything is tied to money, and there's no forgiveness. That's why you long for your hometown.

Now, when men and women who grew up like this become adults, they have to get married. Will you get married or go back to your hometown? Which one will you choose? What will you do? Will you go back to your hometown? Will you find a good partner even if you can't go back to your hometown, or will you go back to your hometown even if you can't find a good partner? "I will find an ideal partner." Why an ideal partner?

These days, American couples, when they fight or argue once, they get divorced. What's good about that? Choosing marriage over your hometown means it's better than your hometown, but what's better? In the East... I don't know about the West here, but it's the same here, right? When you get divorced and have nowhere to go, you go back to your parents, right? How is it here? "Sometimes." (Laughter)

So, originally, that's how it is. Once you leave your hometown, you must live with a partner. That's the path of humanity. With a partner. Then, the partner's world must be better than the hometown. How about that? Does it seem like it should be that way? "Yes." Why should it be that way? Because it must be better than the hometown. Even if siblings fight, they quickly forget.

Children, even if they are scolded by their parents, if they are hugged, they quickly forget. They don't remember being scolded yesterday. That's why children are precious. The younger they are, the more so. The Bible says, 'Unless you become like little children, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven,' and I think that's why it says that. And children welcome anyone who likes them. If you like them, they respond.

So, when you look at it this way, when you live with your partner, you fight, right? Even if a wife is hit by her husband, she says, 'Oh, I'll never forget this until I die!' How about American women? Even with such things, no matter how much you love someone, not everything goes well.

What God Values Most is True Love

So, everyone, what can define a good couple, a good wife, or a good husband? What can determine a good husband or a good wife? Is it because they have a good face? It's simple.

What determines a good student? It's the test. It's not determined by looking at their face. It's determined through tests. Then, a good wife for a husband must be able to pass any test the husband gives her. It's simple. Is it better to have tests all the time or occasionally? Does anyone like tests? (Laughter) No one does. No one does, but is it necessary or not? Is it necessary? "Yes." Is it better for tests to be difficult or easy? "Difficult tests." (Laughter) Difficult tests.

Then, among Unification Church members, who is the best member, and who is the worst? In the Unification Church, there are many tests like fundraising, witnessing, fasting, indemnity sticks, and so on. (Laughter) There are many, right? And the more difficult the tests, is it better or worse? "It's good." It's bad! (Laughter) "It's good." Is it good? "Yes." Everyone agrees.

So, how would God determine which of His sons is the most lovable and good? "Through tests." Through tests. God doesn't need money, diamonds, people, or power. God, who can do anything, doesn't need anything from His children, right? "True love." When teachers make test questions, they make them about what they value most, right? It's the same.

What does God value most? "True love." You know it. True love! What is true love? "Unchanging love." What is unchanging love? "Altruistic love." What is altruistic love? Is it love that wants to receive or love that wants to give? "Love that gives." True love is love that gives. It's the love that parents want to give to their children. That's true love.

What about children? They are on the receiving end, but what should they do? "They receive love." Children, especially girls, all want to receive love. (Laughter) I'm not pointing at you. I'm talking about all women. (Laughter) Is that true or not? Is it true or not? "It's true."

Then, when will women who only want to receive give? Even if they do, they have something to give unconditionally to their children, but that's a poor situation. (Laughter) So, who loves children more, the father or the mother? "The mother."

Again, it's like that. If a woman is born to receive, shouldn't she give? This is the principle of heaven and earth. Can you just inhale air and stay still? Can you inhale more after inhaling? After inhaling, you must exhale. For metabolism to be smooth, you must eat and then excrete.

The Result Will Always Seek the Cause

So, what does God like most? It's true love, but what is true love? "It's love that gives." Who started giving love first? Did humans start giving first, or did God start giving first? "God." Why? "Because He is the parent." Then why do parents give first? "Because He is the source of love." The cause must always give to the result. That's the principle of heaven and earth. That's the principle. Do you understand? You must answer like that. Because it's the cause, the cause must start the action with the result.

Then, who gave this head? "God." Who gave these eyes? The eyes? "God." Whether it's God or something else, the cause gave it. That's how you should think. So, are you a causal being or a resultant being? "A resultant being." Then, can I be alone? "No." What is it? "No." I'm a resultant being, but can a result exist forever on its own? Can it exist for a long time? The result will always seek the cause. Do you understand? "Yes."

Therefore, the issue here is... You must return to the cause, but how should you return? How should you return? When you become the result of receiving love, it's simple. But when we think about humans now, when we look at you, you always think of yourself. I'm the result, but I've forgotten the result centered on the cause. Isn't that difficult?

Do you understand what I'm saying? I must return to the cause. That's what you've forgotten.

Then, when you return, you must return with the best thing because you received the best from the cause. Therefore, if you received life from the cause, you must return with a shining life, and if you received love from the cause, you must return with shining love. In that sense, valuing myself and my life is to return to a more valuable place. You must know this cause. Then, wanting to be loved is to harmonize with the course of love, to become a partner that fits there. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes."

Today, ordinary people don't know that they are resultant beings. They forget that they are resultant beings born following the cause. Do you think about that? Do you think, 'I am a resultant being'? You don't like to be interfered with or to interfere with others because you have your own course to follow. That's why you don't like interference. If you think like this, everything is solved.

To Unite Horizontally and Ascend Vertically

Then, what do women need? Women need men, right? It's true. Women need men, right? "Yes." How much do they need them? How much do they need them?

There are vertical causes and results. Are men and women horizontal or vertical? "Horizontal." Horizontal. In the horizontal relationship, who is the plus, and who is the minus? Women are plus, and men are minus! "No!" Women claim that, don't they? (Laughter) "Women are minus." American women don't say that. They say, 'I'm the plus.'

Are women really minus? "Yes." No! No! No! "Yes! Yes! Yes!" No! No! "Yes! Yes!" (Laughter) Why? They were created that way. They were created as minus, and men were created as plus.

So, in the human world, in the East, men are seen as heaven. They are seen as representing heaven. Women symbolize the earth. That's how it's seen. Therefore, humans have a dual structure. One that seeks the vertical cause and one that seeks the horizontal cause. Being a result means there is a path to seek the vertical cause and a path to seek the horizontal cause.

Where, the top is plus, right? (Drawing while speaking) The bottom is minus. Then, the right side is plus. So, the top is on the side of heaven, the bottom is on the side of Satan, the right side is on the side of heaven, and the left side is on the side of Satan. Why is that? Sin came from women. It comes from the earth. Evil comes from the earth. Evil comes from women, and that's true. How about that? "It's true." That's why they say not to trust women. Isn't that right? Why? They only like it when they receive love, but they don't like to give love. Can you trust that?

Girls, even our girls, if you open their drawers, there's nothing missing, but boys... Boys open their drawers, and even if everything is taken, they are generous, but girls, even if a tiny thing, this small, is missing, they go 'whine whine whine whine whine.' (Laughter) Isn't that right? Is that true? "Yes." Women do that because they want to pack their bags when they get married. They pack their bags when they get married. They put everything in the bag... (Laughter) They pack it and give it to their husband, and everything is okay. Why? Because the earth must absolutely obey heaven. Everything is subordinated. Then heaven doesn't subtract but makes it bigger. What was small becomes bigger and grows.

The most ideal essence among God's essence is what? It's ideal love. Love is inexhaustible. It's seen that way. It can be supplied infinitely. Why? Because it's love that gives. Heaven must give, so it doesn't become minus. How about that?

Therefore, why do we, as resultant beings, need the cause? We don't need the cause or anything. But why do we need the cause? Because it grows. Even leaves at the tip must interact with the base to grow. Isn't that right? When we humans have true love and give to the cause and result, we can develop infinitely. It's a grateful cause. It's a grateful cause. We call it God.

So, do you like God? "Yes." How much do you like Him? You must say, 'More than myself!' Why more than yourself? Because He has true love. We like Him because He is the owner of true love. That statement is valid. Do you understand? Is it organized now? Therefore, to return to a better cause, to return to someone who loves me, that's why.

Then, if the horizontal subject is a man, if the wife doesn't whine and packs everything with love and comes to the husband, the husband grows according to this principle. If it's my body, the body jumps over everything. No matter how ugly the man is, no matter what he does, even if he hits, it's okay. He can completely control it. Therefore, here, women must love God more than their husbands, and men must love God more than their wives. Enter such a position.

Why? Because only when this unites horizontally can it ascend vertically. You must know this. From one, two, that is, these are divided and came out, so they can't go alone! They must unite and go, so men and women are needed.

You must know that. For both men and women, the condition to return is women for men and men for women. Why? To return to the world of the cause, to God, it can't be done without it, so you must do it. Do you understand what I'm saying?

Marriage is for Training to Love Truly

Why marry? Why must you marry? Why must you marry? Women, it's not to receive love. It's to love men. Do you understand? Do you know why you marry? Does it seem right? 'Why must men and women marry?' How will you answer? "For children." Do you need children? Why do you need children? You must return to the world of the cause. So, should you marry or not? "We must." It's not to find a husband but to find God.

Then, when this starts to turn, what will happen? What will happen? This becomes dual. Dual phenomena occur. Why must it be so? When it turns, the heavy goes to the center, and the light goes to the side. Isn't that right? Then, what is the cause of causes? The cause of causes is the element of heaven. Heaven forms the center. So God is in the center.

Then, among the causes, what God values most is true love. True love. The center is true love. So if this true love is one plus, everything belonging here must be a small minus. When this becomes one, it becomes minus, and when this becomes one, it becomes plus, and when combined, it becomes one. There are pluses and minuses in this whole, but if this is a big plus, this becomes a big minus. That's how it's seen.

Is your body important, or is your mind important? "The mind." The mind. If there is true love at the center of the mind, the most important thing is true love. It's the same. Therefore, since the foundation of the universe is true love, those who don't have a heart of true love will be expelled from here. So, to prevent being expelled from the universe, God teaches everything, so men and women can love, and marriage is for training to love truly. That's why men and women unite to become partners before God's true love, that is, plus. To completely interact, humans must be perfect.

Then, why are children needed? Why do you stand in the position of a true parent? It's to give more love than to children for God's sake. Otherwise, women won't try to give love. Women don't do that. They try to love children unconditionally. Why? To experience and learn to love unconditionally in the original course.

It's said to resemble God, right? You learn to return love like this, like God. When God gives this way, you give that way. It returns. Do you understand? You must love God more than your children. More than your husband. Why? Because it's the original course.

The Path to Interact Well with the Vertical and Horizontal World of Causes is the Family

Then, from God's position, He wants you to return, and if you love Him more than your husband, you can interact with all the male and female rights within God. Then, you can interact with all the essence of loving children. Do you understand? Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes."

Then, how much do you like God? 'Oh, I like Him more than my husband! Oh, I like Him more than my child! Oh, my love!' Then, God says, 'Okay!' Do you understand? "Yes." So, do you absolutely need a man? Do you absolutely need children? Do you need them or not? Which is it? "We need them."

Why? Why? If the universe is united with God and the cause and result centered on such love, what about the man and God, all united, in that state? It enters this circle. It's the same principle. Then, when you go to the core of the original, will it say, 'Oh, I don't want to, I don't want to!' or 'Stick together, stick together!' It should say. It's better to push, push! Pushing is good. Pull, pull! Pulling is good, and pushing is good. Now, when you go to a crowded platform or pier, you hug the person you love and say, 'Ah!' So, true people say, 'Oh, it's good! Father, do as you wish!' Then God goes 'hahaha....' (Expressing with gestures. Laughter)

So, would you like to try that with your partner? At that time, my thoughts, my eyes, God will love them most, and all my senses will be loved. It's not just to elevate myself but to elevate my husband more than myself, to care for each other, to elevate each other. What happens when you keep elevating? It spins faster. The smaller the distance, the faster it spins. How long does it take? Look. Do you understand? So, we people must know why men and women must marry and why children are needed. Ah, that's why it's necessary and returns! The path to interact well with the vertical and horizontal world of causes is the family.

If Adam and Eve had known this content, would they have fallen? "No." What about you? What about you? "We wouldn't have." Women complain, 'Oh, the teacher gave me an unpleasant partner.' 'Oh, why is my husband like this, others have good husbands, and I got this one.' That's a test, a test. The universe's test. But once you pass this, you can jump to the closest distance, isn't that wonderful? (Laughter) When you have such eyes, such ears, such a mouth, such a body, such a touch, such thoughts, and approach your partner, how happy will your partner be? You are my sacred husband! How about that? You are my sacred wife! How about that? That's what it is, the couple of saints.

What is a saint? A saint is someone who, having received the cause of true love, decides to live a life that can return true love. You must define it. Do you understand a saint? A saint man, a saint woman, how about that? So, when you meet your partner, that's it, do you want to go back to your hometown? "I don't want to." Then, now that it's Christmas, it's complicated and restless, I give you this one word as a Christmas gift, Amen! How about that? "It's good." (Applause)

The Universe is the Second Womb of the Mother

Why do men and women rejoice when they have a baby? Ah, now you know. Women say, 'Ah, I am worthy of love. I will be loved,' and God knows all that.
That's what it is. That's how it was built. 'I have to receive it!' It was built like this. 
Why? Why? It's completely about giving, that's the training. 
  When a baby is conceived, who gives? The mother gives all her bones and flesh and still loves it. Even with a full belly, she is happy. (Expressed through actions. Laughter) When sleeping, she sleeps on this side. She can't sleep like this. Even while lying down and sleeping, panting, she only thinks of the baby. (Laughter)
  How difficult is it to give birth after that? After giving birth, you feed the baby milk. They suck from inside and outside. They suck from inside and outside. So, ah... That's why a woman said she would receive love once. Therefore, God is a truly wonderful gentleman. 'That's why He created women last,' the logic is all established. So, when creating, He created women last. (Laughter) That's grafting. Isn't it? You have to attach plus and minus. 
  So, what is it? Because God has such a nature, everything... Because of that, women are in a position where God can allow them to say, 'Love me.' Do you understand? Saying you will receive love is possible. If you love me, you will also be loved. Isn't that right? Do you understand? Wow, isn't that wonderful? So then, what does it mean to say you will receive love? To love and return love, you have to get closer to God, and it has to be like this. So, with this true love... 
  That's why, as I said before, what is the universe? What is the universe? This universe is the second mother's womb. The place where you live now is the mother's womb. You are living in the universe's mother's womb. So, just like drawing blood from the mother, you live by drawing all the essence of the universe. Therefore, if you don't supply this, many sacrifices will occur. You need to know that many sacrifices are being made. 
  These days, there's something called survival of the fittest, right? People ask why God made it that way throughout history. It's a big issue, isn't it? That's a wrong way of thinking. Because the desire to participate in the realm of God's love, which is of a higher dimension, is the universe's desire, it should be the wish to return to the core position of the universe's love through the higher-dimensional existence's body. The cells of my body, human cells, should exist as love cells that can directly communicate with God. 
  Therefore, it's the same for you. If there is a person who lives with true love, they try to sacrifice for each other. Isn't that right? If you realize 'the universe is like that, ah!' what will happen? Then, in the end, you can reach the highest center. As a result, the universe connects centered here. By eating this, think with the heart that you will reach a higher course, digesting it with love. 
  So, with this, the universe is established with people as the subject of love, and everything is connected. How wonderful is it to think that the entire universe was created because of me? Even the crying birds, the water, the clouds, the sun, all because of me... How valuable is that? 
The nature of the universe is an antique with eternity 
  All this universe is a natural museum created by God, a natural museum. All the items there are antiques with eternity. How expensive would they be? You know, people make a fuss over something famous like the Mona Lisa in the Louvre Museum, but is that yours? There's only one Mona Lisa, but this has seeds and spreads to billions of generations. How valuable is that? Can humans living on this earth create that? 
  If you ask even a blade of grass, 'How old are you?' it would answer, 'How old am I? I existed before you humans.' If you ask, 'Who made you?' it would say, 'Oh, the God who created the universe made me. The great artist, the great scientist, the great king made me, how proud is that. Haha,' it would say. Even a small ant, you know. When you see it, you think, 'Oh, I shouldn't step on this. Oh, oh!' It's precious. Even if a snake knows God is the master, would it bite God or not? 'It won't bite.' (Laughter) Why won't it bite? Why? Even snakes have love. Does a male snake bite a female snake? 'No.' (Laughter)
  When you think about this principle from the perspective of men and women, how wonderful is it? 'Wow, thank you, God! Nature, how hard have you worked? Yes, the master has appeared. I will recognize you now,' how wonderful is that? When you say to God, 'How wonderful are you? This is so good and good,' and you touch and love it, whether you go to the mountains or see the grass or rocks, would God say, 'Hey, you crazy guy!' or would God say, 'Huh—'? What would God say? 
  In that sense, if a perfect person goes as a true original person of God, as a person seeking God's original cause of love, wouldn't the grass and flowers say, 'Pick me!'? Would they say to ignore them or to pick them? What would they say? 'Don't come to me. Don't touch me!' Would they say that? 'No.' Pick, pick, pick! Wouldn't a flower want to be loved while with a loving wife, and wouldn't it want to emit fragrance and be praised with children? Isn't that a sacrifice? 'Yes.' 
The heart of love that connects cause and effect is the secret to all success
 
  Therefore, God is the cause, and I am the effect. So, I am always seeking the cause. That's why our family, this hometown, is so wonderful! How great is a family with true love like this? When you look at it this way, Unification Church members, you feel closer to the ideal hometown by coming to East Garden or Belvedere, where the teacher is, rather than going to your hometown. 'Yes.' (Applause) Actually, Mother went somewhere because the children were on vacation. I was supposed to go too, but since it's the Christmas season and you are all here, I stayed. (Applause)
  What is the secret to all success? The true heart of love and the path of love that can connect cause and effect is the secret to all success. The final secret is the path that unites the vertical cause and effect with the horizontal cause and effect. Do you understand? 'Yes.' Always think about this. You see it through the cause, through the cause. 
  No matter how much you handle your hands, or your legs, where does it all go? It all goes to find the cause. No matter how much your eyes do, they want to find the cause, and it's the same for your ears. No matter what, all five senses want to return to the cause. You realized that you can't find the cause without true love. 
  
114   
On this path, the universe is meant to cooperate, not to rebel. Borders are not a problem, language is not a problem. It transcends all. Racial issues are not a problem. Do you understand? 'Yes.' If you want to go on the path of love toward the world of the original cause, you are now a person who has entered the race, the marathon race. You need to know this. Now, you are connected everywhere in the universe. 
  That's why in our Unification Church, there is a lot of interest in various fields. We do this and that, go to the East and the West, work, sail... So, in the end, I will be in God's love. Will God be in it? In the end, I am in God's love. It's like how a woman occupies the center of a man's heart. Isn't that right? A woman occupies the center of a man. Is that right or not? 
  So, when you say 'beloved wife!' inside, that's God's word. When you say 'my wife I want to see!' inside, that's God's love. You need to know that. 'Ah, my wife I can't see!' You need to know that is God's love. Where is God's love? You need to know that. That is God's love. Do you understand? 'Ah, this is my destination. This is the point.' How is it? So, anyone should know, 'I wanted to have the highest privilege in the universe, and it is here.' 
Let's live wearing the glasses of true love that leads to all success 
  No matter how big 360 degrees is, it has to pass through this point. No matter how big it is, it has to pass through this. So, all of you, from countless angles, are trying to pass through this. You all want to be number one, right? 'Yes.' This is all number one. Do you understand? 'Yes.' 
  
115 
So, Reverend Moon's children are thirteen, but would God be satisfied with thirteen? Our cells are 40 billion, but 4 billion is still far off. 4 billion people are too few. (Laughter) All the children want to receive mother and father’s love, right? All of them, right? The number one love is to receive mother and father’s love. It's the same. 
  So, a person who treats parents with this love is a filial child. A person who treats the king with this love is called a loyal subject, and a person who treats heaven with this love is called a saint. It's simple. Therefore, you should not envy saints or loyal subjects, but aim to be better than them. 
  So, do you like everything Reverend Moon says, or do you dislike some things and like others? Do you like everything? 'The second one.' Sometimes there is a test. God must have tested Reverend Moon, right? 'Reverend Moon!', 'Yes', 'Do you want to be my true son?', 'Yes', 'I will test you. How about it?', 'I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it!' Would it have been like this? (Laughter) It's the same. It's something unprecedented in world history. So, knowing that, Reverend Moon is ready to run and do it when tested. He's waiting for the test. How about the test? After that, he's saying, 'I will test God!' (Laughter)
  When you look at it, even though our Unification Church members live like this, on the streets, and whatnot, how wonderful is our life? How wonderful are we? Think about it, how wonderful are we? Does the world know that? Does the President of the United States know? Do Harvard professors know? Does the Pope in Rome know? Think about it, how valuable is it? 
  Is the womb a clean place or a dirty place? Is the womb complicated or what? It's all a secret place, right? You don't know that Belvedere is such a place, do you? You don't know it's like that, do you? (Applause) 
  
116   
You know, the issue of partners... It's not that there are many people. There's only Adam and Eve, the two of them. That's how you think. If Adam were to become crippled, what would you do? Would you marry or not? 'Yes.' If he became blind due to an accident, would you not marry because he became crippled? If you happened to find this man by chance, thinking, 'This is my partner,' you have to think like that. Even if he looks ugly, he looks the best. With the glasses of the universe, the husband looks wonderful. 
  What are the glasses of the universe? What are the glasses of all success? True love. The glasses of true love are the most important glasses. To the people of the world, our lives may look pitiful and miserable, but with the glasses of the universe's love, there is no greater happiness, Amen! (Applause)
  In 1983, as a new self different from the past, as a man and woman who will stride confidently in the new heaven and earth, as a family heading toward the course of original love without fail, raise your hand. (Applause) *
117 
Countless Boundaries 
  Today is the last Sunday of 1982. 1982 is an unforgettable year in the history of the Unification Church and a year in which many new things were done. There are countless boundaries, many boundaries, but the boundaries that the Unification Church must cross, or that America must cross, or that the world must cross, there are many of these boundaries. 
The present world with countless boundaries 
  Of course, this is true not only for existing countries or societies but also for cultural development. There are boundaries in everything. Advancing, improving means expanding the boundary line, gradually expanding it. 
  Then, what are the historical events or events that can remain in American history? These are events that occur around boundaries, events that occur around boundaries are recorded in history. If you look at American independence, for example, because Britain is a distant island nation, didn't they prepare everything centered on Canada and fight? Now, it is a problem with the Soviet Union. It is a problem with the Soviet Union. If you look at the US and the Soviet Union, there are many countries in between. They are pushing and pulling each other, fighting. 
  Then, where do they get influenced? Where do they get influenced? They are bound to be influenced by the stronger pushing force. The place they push is where the defense line is weak. When they push, they push where the defense line is weak. If they hit the weak spot here, the weak spot doesn't just remain weak, but all the strong forces of the enemy gather there. Therefore, the whole of history, culture, and social development is engaged in such a struggle. 
  When you look at it this way, when you look at history or the present world, there are countless boundaries, but what would be the true boundary that humanity wants to be recognized by, that history wants to be recognized by, and that God, if He exists, wants to be recognized by? There will be good countries and bad countries. And there will be good ideologies and bad ideologies, such concepts emerge. Also, in terms of culture, there will be good cultures and bad cultures. 
  What is considered good is something that can be boasted about at any time, day or night, for a thousand years or ten thousand years. Otherwise, it is not. Then, a good country, good ideology, or good culture must remain forever. It must be welcomed forever. 
Training to break boundaries 
  When you meet someone and find out that they are a good person, you trust them whether you meet them at night or during the day, in dangerous places or difficult places. You trust them. And they are always needed. Do you think so? 'Yes.' Then, in this existing world, in this vast universe, who is the true person? This is the problem. Who is the true person? That person is someone who can be welcomed by both countries, even though the US and the Soviet Union are fighting and confronting each other, overcoming the feeling of being enemies. 
  Then, why did boundaries arise? They arose because of people. What kind of people are they? There are good people and bad people. When there is something, who will take it first? Will the good person take it first, or will the bad person take it first? 'The bad person.' 'Our land' is better than 'my land,' our land. Among the person who says 'my land' and the person who says 'our land,' who is the good person? Who is the good person? 'The second one.' 
  Here, we talk about public and private, but what are public and private? Public and private, public and private are always divided here. 'It's ours' is public, and 'it's mine' is private. To break these numerous intertwined boundaries, what kind of ideology is needed? What should be done? This is a very serious issue. 
  Here in the US, when going to Canada, the language is the same, the customs are the same, the way of living is the same, so why create a border and make laws? (Laughter) When looking at such issues, Canada has a historical background as a British colony. When you trace back that historical background, you go back to the time before the Anglo-Saxon race in human history. 
  Then, there will be ancestors above that. There are, right? But who claimed the Anglo-Saxon? (Laughter) It would have been claimed by someone among the people like the Anglo-Saxons, like brothers. It would have been claimed by someone with a family background, someone with a background of parents and siblings. That person would have been someone with a strong claim or a general who invaded that environment. 
  When you look into history, no matter how good it seems now, there will be many groups boasting in this world with a background that is not good when viewed from the standpoint of the universe's righteous public law. 
  When you look at it this way, since we are on earth, we might just live like that for a hundred years, but imagine a country without boundaries, completely united. Then, should you go with the Anglo-Saxon label, or should you go with a global type label? 'We should go with a global label.' (Laughter) You know, the Germanic race and the Anglo-Saxons are enemies, but when you enter that world, will you say, 'Oh, it's my land!' and fight again? So, can the Anglo-Saxons and the Germanic race, who have been fighting tediously, throw away all that and say, 'Oh, you came well. You came well'? 
  If you want to go to that world but are not prepared, would it be easy or difficult to go through all the procedures to enter that world? Beyond that boundary, there is a true ideal world, but would it be easy or difficult for the Anglo-Saxon race or the Germanic race, who have feelings of enmity, to go through the procedures to enter that world? 'It's difficult.' Does it seem easy? How about it? How do you think it would be? 
  Then what should you do? If you assume such a world is coming. To enter that world, should you train to reconcile and compromise with your enemies in this world? 'We should.' Then what about Americans? Are Americans exempt from that law? Would it be the same for American citizens, Korean citizens, or would it be the same? 'It's the same.' 
  Would it be easier for a developing country or a developed country? Which one? 'It's easier for developing countries.' Right. Then, to enter such a world, does it mean that a developed country like America would have the hardest time? 'Yes.' (Laughter) Is it the hardest? 'Yes.' Why are you laughing? Why are you laughing? Don't laugh. Are those who are laughing saying it's not true, or are they laughing because it's so absurd? 'Because it's true.' 
  Then, who would be better to train for entering that world? Should you train Americans or Koreans? 'Americans.' (Laughter) Would Americans say they would listen or not? 'They will listen.' When you look at it this way, is the country that educates like America, or is it the future country? Would it be the people of a developing country or a developed country? 'Developing country.' 'Korea.' What is it? '......' Get rid of the reluctance to answer such questions. 
  If there is something colorful and mixed with many colors, and something close to a single color, when you look at the most developed country like America and the most underdeveloped country, which one would be more colorful? 'The developed country.' So, this needs to be erased a lot. You have to keep erasing it. How difficult is this task? Is there more to erase here, or is there more here? 'The left side (colorful one).' That's the truth. There's no choice. It's an undeniable, theoretical fact. The rich have a lot, they are colorful. It is said that it is harder for a rich man to enter heaven than for a camel to go through the eye of a needle. What does that mean? 
  Among the people in this world, there are good people and bad people, but among the gods, there are also good gods and bad gods. Then, which side is on God's side, and which side is on Satan's side? 'The colorful one is on the evil side, and the one close to a single color is on the good side.' How do you feel, how do you feel as Americans? 'Reverend Moon says that, but it's not true'—do you want to say that? 'No.' 
Let's reject individualism and move toward a larger world 
  Then, is America leading the world correctly? It's the opposite. This is the problem. America should lead the world, but it is not. Where is it leading to? Is it leading to the world or to the individual? 'To the individual.' Then should America perish or not? Tell me, everyone? 'It should perish.' Is it good for it to perish? 'No.' The President of the United States doesn't like it, the ministers of the United States don't like it, the people working in companies don't like it, no American likes it, but it should perish. 
  When you look at it this way, as a result, America is dragging the big world to the individual. Once it passes the individual stage, it disappears. In America, our society, our culture, our country, all of these are disappearing. The country disappears, everything disappears. Only 'I' remain. The family is the same. Parents and family are all like that. It's all becoming hippie, yippie, 'Oh, whatever happens, happens!' 
  So, there's nothing special. As long as you're satisfied like an animal, today is good, there's no tomorrow. That's an animal. What is an animal? It means there is no connection. 'I have no connection.' Here, if an American individual is here, if it goes on like this, it will perish. (While drawing on the board) Where should it go? Beyond this, beyond this. It has to be like this. It has to go to a bigger world.
How is it? Is it possible? Is it easy or difficult? "It's difficult." How difficult could it be? How difficult is it? It's very, very difficult. So, saving America is very, very, very difficult. (Laughter) How does that sound? "No." For this to happen, a great explosive revolution is necessary. Then, we must jump.

So, what is this explosive revolution? "It's the Unification Church." The Unification Church is later. It's far off. Now, white people say, 'I like black people, I don't like them!' but we need to say, 'I absolutely like them!' When we do fundraising, white people, rich white people, don't help us. Black people or Spanish people help us.

So, when you look at it that way, should black people go to heaven, or should white people go to heaven? If you don't know these stories and generally judge? "Black people." If heaven is like that, is heaven a place where only black people go? (Laughter) Hell? Hell is because of white people. It is made because of white people. "No." I don't know either. It just turned out that way while talking. (Laughter) Is that a lie or the truth? It's not a lie, but the truth has turned out that way.

Now, when you look at it this way, all the bad diseases of the world should be caught by white people, and bad things should be done by white people. That's the conclusion. What that means is that everything Satan likes should be the responsibility of white people. Because that's the kind of world it will be, in the future, there will be a warning, 'Don't approach white people!' Such a warning will come out, and there will be a time when signs saying 'Don't follow white people!' will be put up. This is an undeniable fact. What do you think about that? Now, that's the reality.

We must remove communism that seeks to destroy the world.

Now, do you welcome free sex in the human world? "No." Then, can you return to the original ideal world after becoming mentally ill by taking drugs and opium? In other countries, people are starving to death because they can't even eat barley rice, but alcohol costs millions of dollars... Is that a good thing? "No." They divorce at the drop of a hat and cling to anyone. Is that possible?

In the world of free sex, there are no boundaries. There are no boundaries in the world of homosexuality either. There are no boundaries in drinking, so what are they trying to do? By removing all boundaries, they say the world should be unified in destroying everything. (Recording temporarily stops) Alcohol, homosexuality, all these things are boundaries worldwide. Then, when you look at communism and the democratic world, communism wants to win against the democratic world, but if it becomes a world of alcohol and homosexuality, it creates an environment where they can win without fighting. Would communists like that or not?

Look. The thing communism hates the most is religion. Then, where is the religious foundation of Western society? It's the family foundation. It's in the foundation of family, like mother and father, husband and wife, and children. Religion teaches that these should be united, whatever the religion. Free sex destroys this. Taking drugs also destroys this. Homosexuality does too, and alcohol does too.

The ones who suffer the most are the parents. Where do these parents connect? Parents connect with history. If there is a God, they connect with God. Religion is something God established. The problem is greatest for God because this is not going well, which is meant to make one centered on the family. That foundation is completely collapsing.

Now, when heaven tries to do this, if there is Satan, Satan tries to become the center, so to destroy this, they say, 'Ah, put in fake believers! Fake believers in religion...' That's what they say. Here, who are fake people? They are those who destroy the tradition of religion. What is God? It's about establishing the true tradition of religion. Who does Satan use? He uses worldwide communism. He uses communism. They like communism. When the mind is dark, it becomes material and stands on Satan's side. That's a downfall, gradually.

Recently, a letter came to the teacher from a university student in Korea. What kind of letter was it? It said that he became a communist spy without knowing it. He didn't intend to, but it happened because they pushed him with money, and now he can't get out or run away. But the command from the leader is to go to church diligently every day and become the youth president.

If ten such people come in, then completely... The youth leaders and adult leaders are smart. They completely control those people and use them. In places like Japan, when Sunday comes, the communists officially say, 'Aren't you going to church?' They ask, 'Why aren't you going to church?'

That's why political revolution and liberation theology came out, causing problems between politics and theology. So, they say, 'It's harder for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven than for a camel to go through the eye of a needle,' and Jesus is truly the savior of workers and farmers. They say Jesus came to make a revolution. They say he received orders from Rome for political liberation. Meanwhile, they say, 'There is no God. God is something created as a moral concept!'

What this means is that capitalists created religion to eternally subjugate humanity. It fits in some ways. The saying that there is no God is also correct in some examples. That's why communists fear and hate religion, calling it opium. So, they say we must revolutionize capitalism, overturn countries, and do all these things. That's why in places like South America, the Catholic Church currently bears the communist sign... You must know that the established church is a propaganda stage for communism.

You must also know that communists are infiltrating the Unification Church. If you work hard for three years, you get blessed. But our strategy is 'Fight communism!' We push hard. 'You, fight communism!' We hold on to those who don't like it and do this. 'Fundraise!' For whom? For God, for the world, to bring down communism. Those infiltrated say, 'Ah, no, no!' People who graduated from universities and are smart try to back out and not do it, and all those who incite are likely communist agents.

Also, communists make whites and blacks oppose each other and fight. They instill the concept of struggle, saying that blacks have a historical enemy who exploited them, and all this must be overthrown. But we say whites and blacks are all one.

Everything Reverend Moon tells us to do is also a method to select communists. In the future, those similar to communists will be trained strongly and sent to do underground work in the communist world. We must select those similar to communists, remove their way of thinking, and send them to communist worlds like the Soviet Union. (Applause)

You all see it that way, but the teacher doesn't see it that way. When talking about communism, if you become suspicious and glance at the person, their eyes cross, which is already different. Do you understand? "Yes." At first, they work hard to gain trust, but once they gain trust, who is the person who engages in destructive actions? You must observe.

How wonderful is the principled path of the Unification Church? 'Receive blessings after three years. Wait three years after receiving blessings.' This is what communists hate the most. You must know this. (Laughter) So, separating from communism for about seven years, six years, means becoming Moonies of the Unification Church. (Applause) This is a convenient and extremely reasonable logic to block communism. Also, after you receive blessings and settle down, when you are told to 'Live!' after about three years, the communists will fall out, and the real Moonies will mobilize. How is it? Which seems right? How is our strategy? "It's excellent." You must know this as common sense. So, 'Isn't that person a communist spy?'...

The existence of the world is made with laws and order to make that world eternal.

Then, what is the problem here...? The Unification Church, what is the Unification Church doing? Does the world need the Unification Church? There are countless boundaries here. Do you like boundaries? "No." Then, are boundaries absolutely unnecessary? "..." Then, even in the kingdom of heaven, in an organized society, boundaries are necessary. This is a hand, and it is a specific organization. It is different from the foot. There is order, order. There is a word called order, right? Order is necessary, right? "Yes."

Then, what kind of order is there? This is the problem. It's the relationship between master and servant, the relationship between superior and subordinate. Then, it all goes in, generally. Let's see this as one principle, one formula. Now, even when you look at our face, these two eyes are horizontally aligned. They are related. If this goes this way, this eye already follows. (Laughter)

How about the nose? (Acts of breathing) "It's vertical." The nose is more precious than the eyes, why is it right in the middle, this? It's an important part, an important part. How important is it? It is eating all the time. The nose is always eating. While sleeping, when you sleep, the eyes close, the mouth closes, the ears all sleep, but the nose is eating. At night, it should eat more, 'Krrr Krrr,' it should eat more. It should eat more, that means. (Laughter) Why should it eat like this for 24 hours? If it doesn't eat, life becomes a problem. It's a big deal.

So, is it right to place the nose in the middle of the face or not? "It is." So, to treat it like a king, they said, 'Come and sit in the middle!' That's right. It is placed in such an important position. Even if you close your eyes for about 5 minutes, it's okay, but if you block the nose? Ah—! (Laughter) Right, isn't it? "That's right." Ah, so it's important, so it's placed vertically. Then, there is the mouth, the mouth. The mouth is horizontally placed, isn't it? But it moves vertically. (Laughter)

Why is everything like this? Everything resembles each other. They resemble each other. The horizontal resembles the vertical, and the vertical resembles the horizontal. What did I say the nose symbolizes, the other day when I talked? "Adam and Eve." Adam and Eve, it symbolizes people.

So, even though the nose is vertical, there are two holes. They come in and become one, right? It would be nice if it was already one when it came in, but why are there two? All logic is like that. Do you feel good if one nostril is blocked? That's broken. That's why if one nostril is blocked, the whole body is broken. If this is Adam and Eve, if man and woman are broken, the whole universe is broken.

With this nose, what is connected? Life is always connected. Adam and Eve become one and connect eternal life centered on love. It's the same. As I said the other day, when you look at the eyes, you can't deny that God exists. Everything is like that. This symbolizes heaven. The ears are factories, the eyes are factories, and the mouth is a factory that tastes. Factory, factory. Here, they are all information centers. They smell, taste, hear... They do everything.

What is that? The human world is the spirit world. The spirit world is together. Above the neck corresponds to the spirit world. Why did the neck become thin? Why is the neck thin instead of thick? So, here, they are all information centers. Information centers. That's why the spirit world smells, hears, sees, tastes, and does everything in the human world. Then, when a command is given here, they live, 'Uuuu—.' So, when you see it like this, you cannot deny that people are within the order, within the organizational authority of order.

So, this is vertically and horizontally made, and then, because the three-dimensional opens, another one is needed. This is imagined as one sphere. Then, what becomes of it is vertical, horizontal, front, and back. It becomes like this. In the Unification Church, we call this the relationship of front, back, left, right, up, and down. You must know that. The universe originally needs such order absolutely. (Writes on the board while speaking)

Every principle has an orderly boundary.

What is the human family? The family itself is like that. The relationship of up and down is the relationship of father and mother. So, there are men and women, and then there are siblings. Then, there is order for this, and there is a law for that order. Here, they become parents, but here, they become sons, brothers, and everything. They also become husbands and wives. It is all connected. This is an extension of the relationship of up and down. Men and women are the same. This is also an extension of the extension. This is one orderly form in the world of existence. (Points to what he wrote on the board while speaking)

Look. This is all made of the relationship of up and down, but this is horizontally made and resembles a circle. It resembles a circle. Do you understand? Here, there are boundaries that are not boundaries. It's certain.

Now, if there is a father and a daughter-in-law, the father is the counterpart of the mother, and the daughter-in-law is the counterpart of the son. It is strict. The same goes for the daughter and the father. Then, where can they unite as one? Here at the center. Do you understand? At the center, the mother, father, and children all become one.

That's why when people who love each other separate and meet again, it's based on this principle. They must come here after being divided east and west. Love is the same, isn't it? Love is always united and then separated again. It divides and unites, becoming stronger or weaker, with a difference between the two. When people who love each other separate, they can leave each other, but they can also meet more strongly by separating. When walking, the legs must move oppositely, but should the arms work oppositely when working? Can one go this way while the other goes that way? It must move opposite to the legs. It is different. So, the law is different depending on the purpose of use.

Then, generally, it is seen like this, and even the solar system in the universe follows this principle. That's why there are spring and autumn, and then what? Summer and winter, these are counterparts. This is a formula. This speaks of east, west, south, and north. Isn't it like that? It is said to be rotating. So, Western civilization must go east, and Eastern civilization must go west. Northern civilization must go south, and southern civilization must go north.

Now, what is it? It is said that east and west confront each other, and north and south confront each other. This is the position. So, this world is nothing but chaos. Where is it going, where is it going? It can't find the center, where is it going? Is it east, north, or south? It can't find the direction. Isn't it like that now? But this universe finds its direction and moves. So, the white people of Western society are occupying the world, but Japan emerges, and Asia becomes a problem, right? Look. Where will it go? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

So, you need a woman who is the west if the husband is the east. It is absolutely necessary. What is the north? It is the father, and the south is the mother. This is vertical. It always connects north and south, like a compass. If it doesn't connect north and south, it doesn't connect east and west. That's why when you want to do something, you all go to your mother. Isn't it difficult to go to your father? (Laughter) Also, when you want to go to your parents, you go through your children, right? It's the same. If parents are the north, children are the south.

If everything is composed based on these three things in order, it generally fits. You must know that it is a formula. And this is a principle that the angle should be 90 degrees. 90 degrees is the formula. With that, all directions are measured. Positions are measured... Now, when you look at it this way, the principle of the four-position foundation in the family matches the principle of the universe. Even when you look at houses here, everything must be connected at right angles. These are all vertical. It must be like this. It must extend from here and unite here.

That's why when you look at it with that concept, when you see a person, the mouth and nose must be on a vertical line, and the position of the eyes must be horizontal. They must be parallel. You know right away. If it is twisted, it looks unpleasant. Now, why is this sunken? The nasal mucus comes this way and goes here. So, when you look at the lips, they are designed to fall this way. Why is it like this? It means not to let it enter the mouth. (Laughter) You look at people from that perspective. In terms of structural concepts.

That's why when you laugh, the nose must also laugh. A person with a stiff nose is unfeeling. They have no affection. (Laughter) And a person who smiles with their eyes first is a person with a lot of affection. God is always smiling, so they have a lot of affection. Such a person becomes either a great religious leader or a great playboy. (Laughter) You must know that the heavens and earth operate like that. When you look at it like that, it is connected with such a relationship and unfolds. That's why there is a formula.

And all these cells must harmonize. They must all move well in harmony. When you see a person, there are people whose eyes are still, but their head moves. They act quickly without observing. Such a person makes many mistakes. That's the logic. You observe humans from that perspective.

Even when you see someone walking, there are people who always try to run. (Acts out the behavior while speaking) (Laughter) A person who walks like this runs well. Like a marathon runner. You can tell everything from the way they walk. Do you understand? You can tell what someone will do just by looking at their hands. Are these words new to you? (Laughter) So, you must know that there are orderly boundaries.

Then, when going from the south to the center, there can be no boundaries. To go to the center, you must go like this naturally. You can come this way, and you can come this way. You can come this way. So, come at a 90-degree angle. You can't go like this after coming here. You must come here and go at a 90-degree angle like this. You can go through the center. (Writes on the board while speaking)

The center of our nervous system is here. The heart becomes the center. Even a small artery cannot go sideways. It can only go through its organization. It's the same. There is order. Do you understand? This seems like a boundary, but it is not. It is not that you can't go; it is a passage. You must know that.

Boundaries become passages. Here, there is a law for the counterpart. Here, the upper half has a law that can move the entire upper half, and the lower half has its own. But it is not that it can't pass; it can always pass here. This is not a boundary.

So, why do you need siblings? According to this principle. Why do you need parents? According to this principle. Why do you need a spouse? According to this principle. This is a formula. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Here, even if there is no mother, it is lacking, and if there is no younger sister, it is lacking, and if there is no brother, it is lacking, and if there is no husband, it is lacking. That's how it is. The fact that we have captured this model of love is a great discovery.

Now, if there is a good parent here, if their child and someone else's child fought, what would a good parent do? Should they scold their child or someone else's child? "Their child." Really? Isn't it better to scold someone else's child than to scold your own? Isn't that a good parent? "No." Then the child says, 'Mom, why are you like this? When I'm fighting with someone, shouldn't you stop it?' How is that? "That's right."

Why should it be like this? The concept of good is that it comes from living for others. That's why a good person is someone who lives for others. We must find this concept here.

Then, in our household... In East Garden, there are many people living, and there are mothers, fathers, sons, and many people, but who is the best person? Who is it? "The person who works the most." Right? They must do the most work in cooking, sweeping the yard, and standing guard, right? The teacher doesn't do anything and only orders, so what kind of good person is that? (Laughter) This is the problem. You must know this. You can't do without knowing order.

The teacher is not someone who lives for the family but someone who has lived for the country and the world. In the household, they live for the world and the country. They don't think about the family members. I don't come early and nag. I don't nag. I don't speak. But the teacher is the scariest person. They bear a higher level of responsibility. At that time, a person of a lower level must live for a person of a higher level. It becomes a master-servant relationship. That's why why should we serve a king or a president? It's because of this principle of existence order.

In a fallen world, to walk the path of principle, you must go the opposite way of the world.

Now, Americans all say 'equality, freedom.' So, can freedom be a man and a woman? It can't. The upper is upper. The head can't be the foot, and the foot can't be the head. The upper is upper, the head is the head, and the foot is the foot. You must know that. It has become confusion and chaos.

Freedom is freedom between men and women. It is freedom between couples. That is freedom. Is it freedom between me and my brother? Can you say it is freedom between a sister and a brother? That is clearly wrong. There is no freedom there.
Then, can you do whatever you want with your parents here? Can you do whatever you want? According to the principle of serving the whole, you can do as you please. You must act freely according to this principle. Therefore, there is no freedom apart from the principle, no freedom apart from the rules. This logic is established. You must take responsibility. You must take responsibility. What responsibility? You must take responsibility for what is right from the perspective of the three generations. Next, there must be results, results. There must be tangible results from your actions. Everything must be good. North, south, east, and west must all be good, and you must be welcomed everywhere.

You say you don't like it when your privacy is invaded. Privacy... Even if someone is killing people, should we not intervene? Is privacy for bad people too? "No." It's 'No.' Think according to the principle. Principle, responsibility, and results. This conclusion comes through this basis of logic.

Is there equality? Equality is equality in relation to your counterpart. Is the nose and the eyes equal? They are equal in their interrelationship. The nose, eyes, and mouth are all different. This is like a driver. If the driver loses their sense of direction, they will wander aimlessly. Then they will crash and say, "Oh, I hate people!" and become a hippie or yippie. That's not normal. You must discern such things. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes."

When you go, there will be people older than you and younger than you, and there will be counterparts. You must discern this and become the center and standard there. You know this even without being taught. You know this principle even without being taught. Therefore, you must listen to your parents, follow your husband, and siblings must love each other. These are all things you know. In the Unification Church era, you are taught these things in detail, so now you know for sure.

Now, why do you cry when your father dies? Why do you cry when your father dies? This is the principle of the universe, and a flaw has appeared in this formula. Therefore, when your parents die, you must become someone who can do more than your parents. Then you become a parent. If you have children, you naturally rise up.

If there were a way not to die in this world... If parents didn't die in this world, what would you do? Would you complete the foundation for the realm of the heart? "No." (Laughter) That's why it's all set up that way. Is dying bad? Dying is not dying. It's transitioning to a second birth. Going to the spirit world is the same. You go like this here, but you go like that there. It's the opposite. Therefore, once you go to the spirit world, you don't want to come back. It's hard to come back. To come here, you must have a reverse mindset.

Because of the fall, the spirit world is structured this way, so religion tells you to go the opposite way, to prepare for it. Because of the fall, everything became the opposite. Because of the fall, it became the opposite. This is how it becomes a plus and a minus in the future. What happens then? You come and go as you please. The body wants to go out, and the spirit wants to go in. It's the same. You go to that place. The body wants to go out externally, and the spirit wants to go in. So you zigzag and zigzag, developing as you go. They are all on God's side, God's side. You must not be on Satan's side. You are here now. (Speaking while writing on the board)

Then, whose is this? It cannot be God's. It's Satan's doing as he pleases. This is Satan's realm. You must cross over to the other side. Like this. Satan keeps blocking, telling you not to believe in religion. He opposes. He tells you not to go that way but to follow him. He opposes. Opponents do this. There is always opposition for religious people. Who opposes? The closest people, like your parents, oppose, your siblings oppose, and the country opposes. It's all like that. What does that mean? It's forming another foundation for the realm of the heart.

The only thing that can break the boundaries of the fallen world is true love.

Now, what is the central point that can break all these boundaries? You might say it's money. You can abandon boundaries for money. You can abandon the U.S. for it. Then, it might be for knowledge. Nowadays, many people study in the U.S., so they think the U.S. is the best, right? You can also abandon it for power. Power.

Even if you cross over, you still need boundaries in that country. That's how it is. Then, knowledge is limited, money and power are limited. Then, what is the one point that can break through the boundaries of the entire human race, centered on the East and West, from past to future, in all directions? "True love." That's the issue. What is it? "True love." The power of true love. Good. (Laughter) The issue lies there. You can climb over your father's head and your mother's head if you have that.

Centered on love, there is nowhere it doesn't work. It can work in this world. It doesn't disappear. True love can manage and govern even that world. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." Now, do you suspect when a father and mother sleep in the same room with their son? "No." Should a son suspect when his father-in-law and daughter-in-law sleep in the same room? "No." Would you suspect when a brother and sister sleep in the same room? "No." You say 'no,' but why not? You can suspect.

In a place like America, if a father and daughter live together, doesn't the mother suspect? It's common. They say it was on the radio recently? A father and daughter slept in the same room for ten years, and the mother knew and left it alone. Does it work in the world of free sex? True love is something that can always maintain such order. You must know that. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." It is something absolute.

A son cannot invade the position of his father and mother, and parents cannot invade the position of their son and daughter-in-law. That is absolute. Love must unfold in a position where complete order can be maintained. You must know that. Love is not disorderly. True love must have front and back relations, top and bottom relations, left and right relations. You must know that these are not boundaries but order. It's not 'don't come,' it's order. Do you understand what I'm saying? You must not confuse it. It's order.

In the Unification Church, members sit like this. Men on this side, women on that side. This is one order. Then, from God's side, you return to God's side. You return that way. When you face each other like this, this is the left side, and this is the right side. When you see it this way, it's not unfair. It's seen as the law of the universe's movement. If you look at it alone, you might think it's bad because it's divided into right and left, but if you look at the whole, it's not unfair.

Therefore, you must always be careful about the master-servant relationship. Is the horizontal first, or is the vertical first? "The vertical." Who said that? "God." That is more natural. It's more natural. Now, is it easier for this object to go like this, or is it easier to fall straight down? To go like this requires a third force, a third force. This is a vertical line. So how difficult is it to go horizontally? That's what I'm saying. (Speaking while writing on the board)

So, when God, as a natural being, created the horizontal world, you must know how difficult it was. (The recording is temporarily interrupted)

You can find the logic that infinite power was invested here. Through God's power. Because parents and children have a vertical relationship, they naturally become one, but how difficult is it for men and women? Now, why do you have to do this difficult thing? You must know that. Why do you need to do this difficult thing? Why do you need it? Because happiness seeks them, happiness. You must make it 90 degrees. If it's not 90 degrees, the ideal world won't come out. Your ownership cannot expand.

A man seeking a woman is conquering another world. A woman seeking a man is also conquering another world to create one world. So, when the two become one, it becomes a complete world. Do you understand? Then, where should this complete world be aligned? There is a horizontal line and a vertical line. After making this, where should it be attached? It should be attached here. Why should it be attached here?

So that it can pass the universe's formula and exist eternally. Do you understand? (Pointing to what he wrote on the board)

Therefore, when you get a bride, where do you go? You naturally go to your parents and siblings' home. Without knowing it yourself, you say, "Let's go to my parents' hometown!" and try to take her there. Why is that? When a woman goes to that house and greets, she must pledge, "I will eternally complete this formula in your family."

Unification Church members must inherit the tradition of true love.

Is the American family system a satanic family system or a heavenly family system? "It's satanic." If you have children in a satanic family system, what are they? Naturally, they will become Satan's children. Now, what is the Unification Church trying to do? It's trying to realign this. What is the ideology of True Parents? Because this has all been broken from Adam and Eve, thousands of generations have been broken. Therefore, True Parents are a center representing those thousands of generations. If there had been no fall, wouldn't it have formed a vertical relationship in the principled universe? Because of the fall, it couldn't have been that way.

As I mentioned before, the family-level foundation of the four-position foundation grows to become a tribal-level foundation, then a national-level foundation, and then a world-level foundation, leading to settlement. All the disciples taught by the teacher must inherit that tradition, that tradition. What should they abandon? Can they just take the American way? Can they do that? "No." They must start from the beginning, like a newborn child with nothing in their hands, just growing up drinking their mother's milk, their father's milk. There are no boundaries there. They must start with the desire to cry when their mother is not there, to want to follow wherever they go. All emotional relationships must start anew from there.

As Americans who have married each other and formed families, what should you do? True children must always take a horizontal stance centered on the teacher's family, the vertical family. You must always live a life that can maintain a 90-degree angle. "Our husband's words are the best, what is Father's word? We don't need the teacher, just the two of us are enough. Why do we need the teacher, why do we need the parents? Ah, once we have children, we will also form the four-position foundation, so why do we need the Unification Church's parents, why do we need True Parents?" Do you understand what I'm saying?

When you become a family-level True Parent, the teacher's family has already become a family-level True Parent and has become a tribe, nation, and even the world. Therefore, when you become a family-level True Parent, you must become a tribe and nation's True Parent, and if there is more, you still need it, and you still need it. Even if you curse each other, if the teacher commands... For example, if your husband commands within your couple, it becomes this circle, but if the teacher commands, it becomes this circle. (Drawing while speaking) Which one is better? So there is an eternal vertical thing that you cannot leave.

Then, when True Parents say, "Fight for the country," should they say, "Forget about the country, create a family, forget about the country and live for the family"? That means to become smaller from the larger. Is that the principle? "No." It means to grow bigger, grow bigger, grow bigger. Grow like this. It means to grow like this. "Oh, my fate is ruined. Oh, my future of hardship is clear. Wow! This is a big problem." Do you worry? "No." Why no, why no?

You must know this. Love is precious, but what is love? It means living in the heart of the person you love. For a loving wife, a loving husband is everything. A husband's heart is everything, right? "Yes." Is that true? "Yes." For a husband? "It's true." A loving son and daughter-in-law occupy the parents' hearts. How about that? "That's right." If the whole family loves the country, what happens? The central figure of the country comes to the family. It's the same logic. Is that correct? "Yes." That's what it means. The formula is the same everywhere.

Then, when God says, "Love the world," does that mean the central being of the world doesn't come to that person's heart? "No." It's the same. When God says to love the world, it means, "I will come and live with you in your heart that loves the world." That's why the teacher says, "Do it, do it." God also says, "Do it, do it, do bigger things." Why is that? Because God ultimately wants to come and live in my heart.

Look, a harsh mother-in-law may make her daughter-in-law's life difficult and make her work, but in the end, when she dies, she gives everything, even her heart, her love, and all her possessions, to her daughter-in-law. Right? Is that so? "Yes." The teacher will do the same. If Americans are better in that regard than Koreans, I want to live with Americans. Isn't that right? Naturally, it will be like that. So, we keep saying to do it. What does it mean to keep doing it? It means to create many fences. It means to create many fences and live in the safe zone within them. This is a fence. What does that mean? It means that even if the family shakes, it's not a problem, and even if the country, world, heaven, and earth shake, this place doesn't shake. Do you understand? "Yes."

The Unification Church is the only religious organization fighting to defeat communist forces.

Then, what started here grows like this, and it keeps growing. Therefore, you think of yourself as the center of the universe. Right? In your heart, you don't need boundaries, right? You want to do as you please, right? "Yes." That concept is possible. It can be that way. Because of this, the original mind acts that way. When God tells the teacher on earth to do something, will He give the most difficult task or the easiest task? "The most difficult task." When you fight and win, God comes and settles behind you.

When looking at the teacher personally, even parents opposed, siblings opposed, and everyone did. Before abandoning the opposing family of the world, you must pursue the family that heaven loves. How about that? Also, the teacher's country opposed. So what happened to the family? They know that I love the country more than anyone else. The family now knows. They have come to know that I love the country.

Then, South Korea didn't think I loved South Korea. They thought I was trying to ruin it. But after coming to America and seeing me work for the world, they realized that I love South Korea more than anyone else. Also, is the teacher only going to America? Is it only America? The standard is Moscow. When fighting for justice against Moscow, the free world will say, "Ah, Reverend Moon loved Western society!" That's how it will come out. Now, it's moving to that stage. Therefore, in countries like South America, they say, "We need Reverend Moon to stop communism." The whole of South America is coming out like that. (Applause)

In 1982, while trying to be expelled by the American court centered on America, I am trying to save America by creating the Washington Times with a huge amount of money. So they say, "We need Reverend Moon. We hope he doesn't leave now!" At that time, if I say, "Let's go to the Soviet Union," and they say, "Let's do it!" it's all over. (Applause)

Now, I'm the only one fighting against the world communist party. I'm the only one who knows communism well. As the Washington Times becomes more famous, when the Washington Times makes friends with a few important newspapers in the free world and the media supports Reverend Moon, the era of opposition to the Unification Church will pass, and the day when I raise the flag to overthrow communism in Moscow is not far off. How about that?

So, recently, through newspapers, I am sending journalists to Moscow. Let's see if they don't issue visas. They issued visas. Can they not issue them the second time? If they don't issue them, there will be a fuss. (Applause) Next, I will take about a hundred editors from newspapers. How about that? Then, let's go with about three hundred people. How about that? (Laughter) Then, let's go from Moscow through Pravda and other places, through satellite countries, and return to Beijing. How about that? North Korea will also return. How about that? You can't help but go.

Then, wherever I go, they will say, "Come, come." If I lead about a thousand people as the leader, how about that? (Applause) It might not be just a few countries, but dozens of countries. Now, is the Moscow conference difficult or easy? "It's difficult." Is it starting or not starting now? "It's starting."

I told Bohee not to know about this. How do you do it? I've already been there and back. So, is there a hole to go to the Soviet Union or not? "There is." Now, like the New ERA Movement, we have tied up all the famous scholars of Christianity worldwide.

The leaders say, "We should do it this way," but I said, "Do it, do it!" At first, they said it was impossible, but now it's all working. Now, we are at a stage where we can do anything when told to do it. So, when something happens, they say, "Let's unite the denominations," and they say, "Let's unite the young people and start a crusade." They did that last year. Kwak Jeong-hwan did it because the teacher told him to, thinking it was unlikely to succeed.

Communists say that if they control the religious leaders of the world from the Soviet policy leadership, the free world will be theirs. But I say, "I must place our people at the top of the communist party." I'm working on such a plan. (Where is the speech?; Interpreter) The Soviet government leadership thinks that if they control the top religious leaders, the world will be theirs, but I plan to control them. (Laughter. Applause)

Therefore, when the leaders of each denomination say, "Let's destroy communism," it's all over. When the leaders of each religion say, "Communism is our enemy. Let's drive it out of the world!" it's all over. How will education be done then? I have no choice but to take responsibility for that. So, when I say I will fight in Moscow and hold a conference in Moscow, the religious leaders worldwide will raise the flag and say, "Reverend Moon, do well." Then it's all over.

That's what the teacher is doing now. I'm working on it in Moscow. You must know that. From South America, Europe, Africa, all together. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." So, the Washington Times is a powerful Washington Times.

Therefore, in that sense, the wedding at Madison Square Garden here and the 6,000-couple wedding at Jamsil Gymnasium in Korea are demonstrations that say, "The world, do not despair! There is a model where the whole world can become one." It's something that has never happened in history. Hitler couldn't do it, Mussolini couldn't do it, Stalin couldn't do it. Neither communism nor democracy can do it. This was done according to the principle of voluntary participation without any coercion, and this is a big issue. This is for the future, but not for the future of an individual, but for the future of the world. (Applause)

If I did this from Satan's position, how happy would Satan be? (Laughter) If I did this from God's position, how would it be? It's undoubtedly number one. (Applause) We say it's a love race. Love race. Do we have boundaries? "No." If a black person comes into your house, do you say not to come? "No." Do you say this is unnecessary because you're Korean? "No." You must know that you have entered a position where the cultural boundaries can be abolished, and everything is possible. Is this going wrong? "No." This is not a wrong position. No matter how you think about it, this is like dreaming in the human world, and we are practicing something that cannot be imagined. (Applause)

Do Unification Church members get influenced, or do they influence? "They influence." Is that true? Even if you enter as a daughter-in-law in a family that opposes you, even if you become a daughter-in-law as a small Asian woman, within three months, the opposing father-in-law will melt away, saying, "Oh, let's do as you say," and the mother-in-law will also say, "Let's do as you say." That's how it is. (Laughter) Am I boasting, or is it true? "It's true."

American women, who boast of being citizens of advanced countries, live with Japanese and Korean, Asian people, and even if someone who lived like a dung beetle in the neighborhood comes, they live happily. How wonderful is that? No matter how much the Western world puts up iron gates, there are no iron gates that say, "Don't let daughters-in-law and sons-in-law in." That's what they think.
Now, the representative of the Soviet Union is Andropov, right? What if his daughter, while studying here, becomes a Moonie? It's possible, isn't it? What would happen if she takes a Moonie husband back with her? What would you do? (Laughter) In such a case, the Washington Times would make a big deal out of it in the media. 'Let's see if Andropov opposes his son-in-law going or not,' and he wouldn't be able to not welcome it. Once they enter, within three months, they would be completely melted, whispering and working day and night.

So, looking at it this way, the world isn't that difficult. Do you understand? These satans say, 'Now that we know, Reverend Moon has the most terrifying weapon.' How about it? 

Raise your hand if you think international marriage is okay. Oh—who got caught up in this wind? "It's Father." It's not what I said, but your hearts first. There are no boundaries there. It's the same. 

In the hearts of the teacher and you, there are no boundaries. If the teacher likes it, you like it, and if you like it, the teacher likes it. How about it? "Yes." These things, even without explanation, the heart knows everything. The heart already knows everything.

Where true love blossoms, there are no boundaries anywhere.

Can an Asian come here for 10 years and make these Westerners, who think they are great, brainwash you or whatever, and make you like this? Would it work if God didn't play around? So, when we think like this, we can know that 'where true love blossoms, there are no boundaries.' No matter what, even if you put everything, even God, even True Parents in there, there is no problem.

Anyway, how long will you live? How long do you want to live? A thousand years? Ten thousand years? Everyone dies. Do you know when you'll die? Do you know if you'll die today on your way? "I don't know." What should you carry in your heart? What should be the last thing to pop out of the treasure chest of your heart? It's not money or worldly honor, but God's love. You must love God, love True Parents, and love the world. There are only those three things.

So, those who live and die like that will surely have a hometown to go to, whether they die in a foreign land or wherever. Just like a satellite flies, just like Apollo 11 flies to the moon, it will surely go and land. That's why the teacher is here in this country, using an interpreter, doing this play. How about it? That's all there is. The only thing you can own, the only thing you can build wealth from, is that.

When you go to the Kingdom of Heaven, that is the certificate that can inherit the universe. It's a document, a document. It's a certificate to inherit the universe. How about it? Are you trying to become the son of someone in the neighborhood? You're not trying to become the mother of some neighborhood. You're trying to become God's daughter and God's son. You're trying to become a citizen of the Kingdom of Heaven. That's all there is.

So, building an international highway is all about eliminating borders. It's not a fantasy. You need to know that it's entering the stage of practice. We don't have money, but the money we use is being used for the world.

Now, one person should earn $4,800. What happens if we do this once a year? If we become a million people, how much is it? 4.8 billion dollars. We're rich, aren't we? We're rich, right? If the Unification Church is right, becoming a million is a moment's work. Even ten million is no problem. We must fight against communism, against the Soviet Union, without a country.

When I told a rich German, 'Hey, sell all your factories and come to America immediately!' he said, 'Oh, do I have to go to America again? In America, the investigation is strict, and you can't bring it without going through a bank, so it's complicated.' If I command, they sell it immediately and come, there's no reason. There are so many boundaries in the world, so there are many reasons. Do you understand what I'm saying? So, you must cross the boundaries. America, or whatever, what is this... We are at that stage. Right or not? "Yes." We must have such thoughts.

This is the will of God and the purpose that humanity desires. It is the destination where all boundaries must be corrected. Will you do it by force or by love? By power? "By love." We have no force or anything. You must love your enemies. Do you understand? "Yes." True love has the privilege of being able to abolish all boundaries in this world history era and surpass them. You must have such pride. How amazing is this?

You are blessed families with such a background, so no matter how hard you live, you must not forget your authority and your conduct. You must not act like people who are just passing by. Today is like this, but tomorrow, you must find such a tomorrow where you can serve for something greater and be proud of yourself as you advance toward the future.

All the words the teacher has asked you to do, not only in my generation but in my third generation, in my several generations, you must resolve to complete this. Even if the wind blows, you must go, even if a typhoon blows, even if a storm hits, you must advance. As long as I am not broken, I must go. As long as the Unification Church is not broken, I must go. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes."

Advance to create a world without boundaries.

You must go toward the welfare of peace, toward a world of peace without boundaries, toward a free world without boundaries. So, those who participated in the 2,000-couple mass wedding... What do you call marriage? It becomes 'donghonsaeng' (同婚生). When I go to America with the list of these families, I will visit them, and when I go to the Soviet Union, I will visit them. How about it? Then you can operate from a closer position than brothers. For such a world... For Moscow, for this communist world, for the Kingdom of Heaven, that's what it is. How wonderful.

In Korea, what is it now? I have ordered to do the 3 trillion of 10. One for your country, one for the world, one for the church. You must know this. You must prepare for the world. You must prepare for heaven. You must prepare for the country. So, young people who move for the country can work without fundraising in the future. Since we have walked for the world, the time must come when we must do the work of the world with this money without fundraising.

Therefore, even legally in our country, only 30 percent... In countries like America, they say they pay 70, 80 percent. You only need to pay 30 percent tax. But because they received more than 90 percent, it became big worldwide. Look at how they received money and created welfare organizations, making all lazy people. Look at countries like Denmark or Norway, which are called heaven, and they have become debauched countries.

Look at New York. It's all bankrupt because of the welfare system. This is not something the government should do, but the people should do it for it to become heaven. The time when the people should do it is heaven. Do you understand what I'm saying? Therefore, it must be backed by such an ideology. It must be backed by ideological support. You must have a lifestyle system based on such philosophical grounds. Now, all these words are revolutionary statements in the current free world.

Therefore, Unification Church members should not yet think about the welfare system. Unification Church members should not think about receiving welfare benefits. Rather, you must help. Do you understand? That's why I teach fundraising, witnessing, and leading people, teaching them to play such games. You must know that you are fundraising and witnessing for such a great future and make it sacred. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." Let's find a world without boundaries centered on the will God desires.

Is Reverend Moon doing bad things in this country? "No." America is going the wrong way, and they don't like hearing such right words, do they? Wherever you go, when you go to the provinces, you must catch the local ministers and teach them everything. So, we are creating a world of one love culture. We are creating one world and creating a world of love. How about it? "It's good." By love. There, the German people, the Anglo-Saxon people, black people, white people, all are grateful, all are grateful. You must play such games for the boundaries to disappear quickly.

So, although we've done it recklessly until now, from next year, we must resolve to do new things. In the last week of sending off this year, you must make a new resolution. In 1983, warriors who will abolish many boundaries in front of all emotional paths of the world and create one Kingdom of Heaven, advance! You must say Amen. (Applause)

The Home Church is our settlement.

[Prayer]

Loving Father! Now 1982 has passed, and we are at the moment of starting a new year, 1983. Please gather the direction of mind that can align with your providential will upon all the people who are planning a new year at this time. Among them, please allow numerous religious people to plan the way of obedience that can follow the heavenly will from this time.

Especially, the Unification group scattered all over the world is advancing toward the final goal of providence, and amidst suffering and persecution, they have spent 1982 and are praying with both hands for the new year to be a year of hope. Please remember this pitiful Unification group at this time, so that their hearts and bodies can fulfill the duty of loyalty on behalf of history, and become a group that cannot be forgotten in the deep heart of heaven as warriors of the founding of the Kingdom of Heaven, and at the same time, a group that can be called sons and daughters worthy of receiving your love, so that they can pass this year and make new historical developments.

In the hearts of those who reflect on the many sufferings of 1982, please look mercifully upon their hearts that are filled with tears, as they face this solemn moment of offering prayers to you, Father, from the direction of New York, where the Parents are present. Please bless them so that the new year can be a year where they can offer gratitude to you for victory.

Now, the Unification Church members representing the entire world are resolving with one heart and one mind to add more loyalty and filial piety in 1983, and with a new resolution, they are advancing in the ranks of salvation for humanity, determined to become successors of victory today and tomorrow, who cannot be forgotten in your heart, and we resolve this before you at this time, so please accept it.

When we think of the past of restoration history, filled with numerous stories, we remember that you have walked the lonely path since the day humanity's ancestors went wrong, and you have personally taken the path of sorrow and suffering, wandering behind humanity, going through the historical course of indemnity. When we think of this, the Unification group, who knows this story, must once again reflect on the fact that our ancestors did not repent through history, and solemnly resolve to fulfill the duty of loyalty and filial piety before heaven, representing all mankind.

Now, this group, in following you, does not mind the sorrowful path, the path of persecution, the path of being driven, and the path of wandering. In the historical process of following you, Abraham did so, Jacob did so, Moses did so, who accompanied the Israelite people, and Jesus, who should have welcomed the victorious Kingdom of Heaven by subduing the Roman Empire for the sake of the will on this earth, left the nation behind and started the path of suffering called Christianity, extending the will for 2,000 years, and we reflect once again on the historical stories filled with tears and sweat.

When we think of the lonely path you walked with, the sorrowful path you walked with, and the times when you prayed for the day of victory in the place of death, hoping for the world of your will to come, we reflect once again on your sorrowful heart. Today, in this end-of-century era, the Unification Church, which was established within your will in the Christian cultural sphere, is not a church that will disappear in despair, but a church that will advance and leap forward, having a victorious foundation that can establish a new settlement in the new era, and we thank you for your grace that allowed us to have such a foundation.

Moreover, centered on this hall in the heart of New York, which has been a subject of ridicule and criticism by many people until now, from this day of the new year, your children gathered here will become one in heart and body, establishing the authority and dignity of heaven, and as warriors of the founding of the Kingdom of Heaven, they will resolve to participate as independent soldiers of the Kingdom of Heaven, and please allow them to be figures that can proudly boast of themselves to the satanic world.

The Unification Church is not a church that faces the sunset, heading toward the night, but a church facing the dawn, able to welcome the bright sun after midnight. Please have hope for the Unification Church, which is in the moment of dawn, and allow 1983 to be a year where heaven settles on this earth, having authority in all things, and pursuing the interests of the Kingdom of Heaven, establishing the authority of victory, and we earnestly ask and desire this.

Furthermore, please extend your hand of blessing upon the providential representative countries connecting Korea, Japan, America, and Germany, and allow this year to be a year where the forces of evil that raised the banner in this country can be weakened, and the people on the side of good can be sent off, establishing a boundary line in 1983, and we earnestly ask and desire this. Let the entire spirit world unite with the Unification Church group representing the nations on earth, and allow the ancestors and descendants to become one, pledging the victory of the world, and allow 1983 to be a year where new progress is commanded.

Please mobilize the entire spirit world to suppress all forces of evil opposing this, and allow new historical development to be commanded from the beginning of the new year, and we earnestly ask for this. Through the gathering of numerous religions and righteous people, and through the resolution of all spirits who have longed for the day of victory on earth, allow the ideal realm on earth to be realized, where descendants can unknowingly gather under the banner of unity, and we earnestly ask and desire this.

The people who love you in Korea, Japan, America, Germany, and 127 other countries are leaving traces of tears and praying, so please establish all the tears and prayers of appeal toward you as a new historical condition of victory and indemnity, and allow a foundation where national mobilization and human mobilization can be directly commanded, and we earnestly ask and desire this.

With the new goal of this year, 'The Home Church is our settlement,' please allow the new year to be a year where we can start with a confident starting point, and allow heaven to proclaim it, mobilizing numerous Taoists and numerous religious leaders, and uniting the church authorities on earth to embrace them in the arms of the Father, and we earnestly ask and desire this. Allow the command of progress toward the day of victory, the authority of victory, and the direct path to the victorious Kingdom of Heaven to be realized from the beginning of the new year, and we believe that it will be so, so please proclaim it.

Thanking you for the grace you have allowed, we offer all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen, Amen, Amen.

[Words]

Happy God's Day, everybody! Happy New Year! Thank you very much. (Cheers. Applause)

The history of religion is a history of persecution and martyrdom.

Now, many religious people think of 'God' as sitting on a throne of glory, being omniscient, omnipotent, and omnipresent, and having absolute authority. Therefore, they think that God has nothing to do with concepts like suffering or sorrow. Yet, in Christianity, how do they refer to God? They call Him God the Father. And all these believers who call Him Father, they say, must repent and have faith in this sinful world. This is contradictory.

When we look at it this way, if it aligns with God's position, then Christianity, religion, can be forgiven. However, when it contradicts God's will, such a religion must disappear at the end. 

So, does God hold a position throughout all history? That is the question. However, when we look at the history of religion, it has been a miserable history, a history of martyrdom, a history of persecution. 

Then, when a religion is on the path of persecution, whose will is it following? It is seen as following God's will. 

When we look through religious history, during times of persecution, religions have developed. During the process of persecution, when they prayed for heaven, heaven was always with them, and everything they wished for was realized during the process of persecution. When religions were comfortable and could boast of their church authority, when they had a global sphere, when persecution disappeared, they naturally became lazy and slack, and heaven left them.

So, when we see that God is with them during times of persecution, the question is how that boundary is connected. Among the religions established on God's side, there has been a period of personal persecution. They have gone through a history of personal persecution. What position is that personal position? Is it the persecution of just one person among 240 million Americans? Or is it the persecution of a person representing all of humanity? That is the question. If God wants such persecution for humans, it is not the persecution of one of 4 billion people or one of 240 million Americans.

When we look at it this way, if there is a purpose for God to support during persecution, it is not the support of a personal level representing one of 240 million Americans or one of the world's people. Then what is persecution? It is to become an individual who can overcome America and the world. If this world is not an evil world, it would be a different matter, but as long as it is defined as an evil world, it is certain that God demands an individual level of victory in the process of persecution that can overcome the persecution of this world.

Then what is the evil world? It is a world governed by Satan. The evil world is governed by Satan. Satan and God are in opposite positions. Satan does not want even one person from his world to be taken away by God, to be found by the Kingdom of Heaven.

Then why does Satan try to block it? He knows that by taking one or two people from this satanic world, God intends to create the world He originally wanted. Therefore, without overcoming the satanic world, which governs individuals on a global scale, one cannot return to heaven.

The Bible says, 'Man fell.' Then what happened after the fall? Before the fall, man was God's person, but after the fall, he became Satan's person. What is the fall? It is being sick, being broken. Satan tries to prevent the sickness from being cured. Satan tries to prevent the broken machine from being repaired.

If a sick person is completely healed, no matter how many germs there are, it doesn't matter to that person. Whether you put that person in North Korea, Korea, Japan, the Soviet Union, or anywhere in the world, it doesn't matter. When we look at it this way, persecution, persecution from the satanic world, is global. You must know that it is global. Therefore, a representative who has won the personal persecution of the world, a representative who has overcome the persecution of the world, is what God would need. That is how we see it.

Then how does the process of persecution unfold? The entire fallen world of people persecutes. It is persecution through people. The people Satan mobilizes have the most power, authority, and money. Satan will mobilize the most important whole in the satanic world. When we look at it this way, the foundation with such a base in the satanic world was a sovereign state. We know that the history of persecution of religion by the state is a history of persecution by sovereign states.

When we look at it this way, there is a person who has won the personal persecution of the world, but if that one person fights and dies, will they just be discarded, or will they fight...
Carrying on the tradition of the deceased individual, will you develop personal victory into family victory, and then further into tribal, national, and global victory? Therefore, one can argue that those who set out to become world champions on God's side must endure persecution while moving through different environments.

So, what happens at the end of the world? How does the conclusion of this logical deduction come about? There will inevitably come a time when the world will be divided into a world of tribes on God's side and a world that actively opposes these tribes, denying the existence of God. Isn't this the current democratic world and the communist world?

A religion that has passed through persecution must emerge for the Messiah to appear.

Now, looking at Christianity, centered on Christianity, Protestantism is above Catholicism, and Catholicism is above Judaism. This is the historical progression. Judaism took on national persecution, Christianity took on global persecution, and the Unification Church must take on cosmic persecution. This is not to say that the Unification Church is the only one, but that any religion must go through such a historical process.

In historical times, Judaism was always the target of persecution centered in the Middle East for 4,000 years. The Old Testament is entirely about that. Then Christianity, in the global era, was persecuted by the Roman Empire, which ruled the world. However, in the East, countries like India and China did not participate in the persecution, unlike Rome, which was a global state centered on Europe.

On the other hand, what happened to the Unification Church? Both the East and the West, and all of humanity on Earth, united to persecute it. How is that? Is it true? "Yes." Historically, when looking at this history of persecution, the Unification Church is sufficiently proven to be a world-historical religion. (Applause)

Thus, when following the mainstream, the Unification Church becomes the mainstream of Christianity, and Christianity is the mainstream of Judaism. You must understand this. Following the mainstream backward, the Unification Church contains the essence of the mainstream of Christianity, and Christianity contains the essence of the mainstream of Judaism.

What is that? What is the mainstream of the mainstream? You must think about it. It is the Messiah. What does Judaism believe in? Meeting the Messiah. What is the Messiah? Christianity decided that "the Messiah has come, Jesus is the Messiah." What about the Unification Church? The Second Coming. What is the central thought of Christianity? The central thought of Christianity is the idea of the Second Coming, living after the Second Coming! (Applause)

The concept of the Messiah in Judaism is unclear, the concept of the Messiah in Christianity is unclear, and the concept of the Messiah in the Unification Church is also unclear! Is that so? Only the Unification Church is certain about everything. "Yes, it is certain." That's why you answer like that. "No, it isn't."

Then, looking at it this way, where does the Messiah come? Will he appear during the process of persecution, or on the foundation of victory over persecution? Both Judaism, Christianity, and the Unification Church must appear on the foundation of victory after persecution. The Messiah appears during persecution. So what is it? He appears on the foundation of victory over persecution. Isn't that right? "Yes." Is it true? "Yes." If the traditional thought of Judaism is like that, then Judaism saying, "I don't know about world persecution!" and Christianity saying, "I don't know about world persecution! I just need to meet the Messiah and ascend to heaven," is that faith correct or not? "It's not correct."

Looking at the history of persecution, the Messiah appears on the foundation of passing through the process of persecution representing humanity in the individual world, the family world, the tribal world, the national world, and the global world. This is the undeniable, certain conclusion that God sends the Messiah to a safe zone. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

The Unification Church claims that "we must pass through the path of persecution of all humanity," and without a religion that claims this, the appearance of the Messiah is impossible. So, do our Moonies like persecution? "Yes" (laughter). Do you like persecution? "No." How is it? No or yes? "No" (laughter). Then ask the teacher, "Father, do you like persecution?" and he will answer the same. Then what about God? I'm asking, "God, do you like persecution?" "No." God would also say "No" if asked "Yes or No?" (laughter).

To save this world, we must go through the process of persecution.

Then why must we be persecuted? Why must we be persecuted? To save the world. Can't we save the world without going through persecution? Because we are sick, we have no choice, because we are sick. We must heal because we are sick. So, would God say, "It's good that you're sick, I'm happy!" or would He be overwhelmed with grief? "The second one."

Then, are Adam and Eve, the ancestors of humanity, God's servants or God's children? "Children." They are God's children. Would you want to be a child of parents who treat their children as they please, like today's American parents? Is God the real parent, or are such parents the real parents? Which one? "The first one."

What would true parents do when their true children are sick? Would they feel more pain than the child, or would they just be anxious? "The first one." The sick person doesn't know, they don't know. They just groan in pain. They only groan without knowing what disease it is. What would the parents do when the child is groaning without knowing the disease? They would be more overwhelmed than the sick person.

Now, if God is the omniscient and omnipotent being sitting on the throne of glory, as believed by the established church today, would He say, "Come up here, I can't leave my seat!" while His children are dying, or would He throw away the throne and come down? Which one? Would He stay there or come down? Would He take off the crown and jump down? Think about what He would do. So, is the Christian faith correct or incorrect? "It's incorrect."

Christianity goes that way, Judaism also went that way, but the Unification Church says, "That's not it! God doesn't need the throne, glory, omniscience, or omnipotence. He jumps down and cries and makes a fuss." That's the teaching of the Unification Church. If God rules the heavenly kingdom, He would leave the throne of the king of the heavenly kingdom and come down to serve, so would all the spirits in the spirit world say, "Oh, only God should go!" or would they also try to come down? "The second one."

So, does it seem right to believe in the Unification Church, or does it seem right to believe in the established church as it has been believed until now? "The Unification Church." When Unification Church members are persecuted, do you feel sorry for them or not? Huh? When all of you are asked, "Which church do you attend?" you can't say the Unification Church and just say, "I just attend a church!" "No." When asked repeatedly, you say, "I attend a non-denominational church," you rascals! (laughter) Why are you laughing?

You don't like persecution, do you? You thought persecution was not good until the teacher said it. There's no need to make excuses. But now, "I know that without being persecuted and victorious, I can't return to the Messiah or God. Oh! I welcome any persecution in the world!" Is that so? "Yes." Is it true? "Yes."

Why must it be so? Why must it be so? There is individual world persecution, family world persecution, tribal world persecution, national world persecution, and cosmic world persecution, but if you pass through the cosmic level once, everything is resolved. Then, is the position of the Unification Church, born in the era of global persecution, something to be proud of or not? "It's something to be proud of."

Is Reverend Moon a person with a bad head or a good head? "Wise." Is he sharp or dull? Which one? "Sharp." You know it. (laughter) But Reverend Moon is persecuted all his life. What kind of person is he? (laughter) If he is persecuted in Korea, that's enough, if he is persecuted in Japan or Asia, that's enough, but why come to America? Why go to the Moscow conference? This crazy thing... (applause) What is Reverend Moon's brain? Is it a smart brain or a something wrong brain? Something wrong brain? "No." That's right.

Are you happy? "Yes." How happy would you be if you could defeat the teacher? Jacob received the name Israel after defeating the angel in a wrestling match, so what name would you receive if you defeated the teacher? Think about it. (laughter) It's very important. It's true. I can certainly say that I am defeated by you. (applause)

Persecution was done by Satan, and blessings were done by God.

Why must I say this? What is today's title? It's the settlement place. God must settle, the Messiah must settle, and the Messiah's family, tribe, nation, and world must settle. Where is the land where this can happen? There has been no religious foundation in God's providence to find this until now. There hasn't been.

Therefore, the Messiah must settle, and then the Messiah's family, the Messiah's nation, and the Messiah's world must settle.

In the era of global persecution of Reverend Moon, in 1976, the communist world, the democratic world, and all five races persecuted him. Every religion, even the Communist Party and the United States, united to try to kill Reverend Moon. No one did not oppose him. If it were fake, God would have punished it, but it seemed fake, yet it continued to prosper and reached the highest level globally, and even the United States had to rely on Reverend Moon.

Just as history has progressed, during the ten years of persecution, the Unification Church has established a global foundation, and seeing this, it is undeniable how much God cooperated to form the religious foundation of the Unification Church to establish a global foundation. (applause) So, persecution was done by Satan, and blessings were done by God. Persecution was done by Satan's side, and blessings were done by Heaven's side. From this perspective, the Unification Church has sufficient and abundant content to become a global religion, and you must know this.

Is Reverend Moon a scary person, a good person, or a bad person? What kind of person is he? What is the opposite of scary? "The opposite of scary? Not a scary person (interpreter)." Not a scary person? Which one? From Satan's perspective, he is the scariest person in history, and from Heaven's perspective, he is the most beloved person in history. This conclusion can be drawn. (applause) The only ones who like Reverend Moon are God and us, this conclusion has come out. (laughter) It's true.

Then, do the 600 million Christians dislike God, and only the few Moonies like Him? Look. Then, would the wise God look at the many people, or would He look at the former? How is it? "The second one." God is quantitative! "No." You know it, you rascals. (laughter)

So, our Unification Church members, even while being cursed, even when kidnapped by their parents, they all say, "Oh, I like Moon. I will follow Reverend Moon!" In the white world or among Americans, the whole world, the Moonies are in a fuss. "Oh, I'm dying!" but they don't go back. This is what Americans say. They thought that after about ten years in America, like putting iron, gold, or stones in a furnace, they would all melt and become Americanized. So, they thought, "Even Moon can't help it? After five or ten years, they will all be Americanized, and Moonize will disappear," but after ten years, they found that it was not Americanized but Moonized, and they said, "Oh, it's a big deal!" (applause)

Those who used to dance and sit on chairs now sit on the floor when told to. These days, they sit longer than I do. Moonies go home, and their parents are all sitting on chairs, but Moonies say, "I like sitting comfortably like this. I'm going to get rid of the chair." When their parents say, "Hey, sit on the chair!" they say, "No!" (demonstrating) This will cause a big problem. (laughter)

And when they earn money, they don't spend it all on their parents or their home, but when they earn money, they spend it all for the world and the country, so what's there to like? During Christmas or New Year, others wear nice clothes, but they wear ragged clothes to fundraise. Even thirty-year-old girls don't know how to date. "Hey, you! Why don't you think about marriage and why don't you date?" they say, "I don't need to date," and in the world, they say it's okay to drink or take drugs, but they say, "Oh, I don't like that."

But among you, who became Moonies, is there a girl who couldn't get married? Is there a guy who couldn't get married? In one day, 6,000 couples, tens of thousands of people get married at once, how wonderful is that! (laughter, applause) Seeing that, the Satanic world is in a fuss, but from God's perspective, He says, "Wow!" He says, "My children are great, they are not your children." God can boast about that, can't He? They are not Satan's children, but my children.

Satan wants to catch and kill Moonies all over the world. But they can't catch and kill them. So they say Reverend Moon is a more terrifying dictator than the worst Hitler, Mussolini, or Stalin. And they say Reverend Moon is the greatest villain who swallows everything whole. But I am stronger than them. Mussolini and Stalin all paid salaries and employed people, but this one takes salaries and employs people. (laughter) How terrifying is that? So, demonstrations are held, and they try to chase Reverend Moon away, but no matter how long they wait... It seems like it will collapse within one, two, or three years, but even after ten years, it doesn't budge, so it's a big deal. (applause) So, they are angry and fighting historically. So they say, "They are brainwashed." That's well said.

In the eyes of love, there is no color.

Our theological students, when they see someone going to the doctoral course, they think... Moonies don't know how to sing, Moonies can't eat sitting down, Moonies don't know anything. Meanwhile, Reverend Moon is tying up academia, theologians, and philosophers. These days, there is no famous person in the world that I don't know, and no one who isn't my friend. At the bottom, they oppose, but theologians, religious figures, and famous professors in academia are now gathered in Florida for a conference. They used to think Reverend Moon was a bad person, but now those who used to curse Reverend Moon say, "Oh, Reverend Moon!" and like him. (applause)

The American media and newspapers have all beaten him, but President Nixon couldn't last a year and a half and fell, while Reverend Moon, even after ten years of beating, the media still does it... Now they are still cursing. (applause) In the magazine People, they listed "25 great people of the world, record-breaking people of 1982," and Reverend Moon was the central figure. (applause)

Is Reverend Moon handsome or not? "Handsome." I don't like the word handsome. Ugly, how cool is that? "No." (laughter) Hey, you guys! Do Asians look good in the eyes of white people? It's a lie. It's a blatant lie. "No!"

In appearance, there's nothing to like, but you like me. I know you like me. How do I know that? When you pray or see visions, you often meet the teacher. If Reverend Moon were such a handsome Reverend Moon, would you appear because you like him? Would you visit him? Would you visit him spiritually if you like him? Raise your hand if you've met or seen the teacher, anywhere. How many are there? Hmm.

Look at this. You all believed in Jesus, but does Jesus appear and teach you? "No." Why is that? Because you don't love him. So, the conclusion is that Moonies love Reverend Moon more than Jesus. Because of this, all of your minds have turned, and you want to marry an Asian person, and men have their eyes turned to women, and they say they want to get married because they are brainwashed. The Satanic world tries to bury them.

So, the future of Unification Church families will be interesting. One will be black, one will be white, and one will be yellow. (laughter) The ancestors' blood is all mixed. But the mother is white. The white mother is nursing, and she sees, "Oh, the one who loves the mother is black, the one who loves more is yellow, and the white is less loved." Would she say, "Hey! The one who loves more, black, go away. The white I love, come here!" or would she leave them as they are, lying beside her? Should she discriminate or not? How is it? "She shouldn't discriminate." In the eyes of a loving mother, they are the same. They are all the same.

Then what about God? Would God say, "Hey! The white one, come close to me, the black one, go away, the yellow one, go away," or would He like them to come in the order of love? "In the order of love..." That's wrong! "It's right." Yes, it's right. God has no choice but to do that. Does it feel real? "Oh, how nice it would be if I could be an Asian woman! I want to marry a white man and have white children, and then, since there is black blood in the American white race, I want to have a black child, and I want to have a yellow child once." How is that? I think that way. If an Asian woman marries a white man and has three sons, how is that? In the eyes of love, there is no color. You must know that. In the eyes of love, there is no color.

Unification Church members are the royal family of a happy heavenly kingdom.

So, this time, the teacher married many African people with Japanese people. Japanese parents are in a fuss, saying they are dying. "No matter how much fuss you make, I am confident in going the way God likes and where true love of humanity wants to go." (applause) After doing this, the media said, "The Unification Church wedding was well done! For the five races to unite, it must be like this," and citizens, through NHK and Asahi Shimbun, broadcast it, and parents also say, "Oh, our children did well, did well, did well!" They are saying that.

But, if they said it was well done, and then said, "Oh, marrying a black person was not well done," it wouldn't be right for their conscience. The racial issue is resolved like this. To the children who went to receive the blessing this time, they say, "You went to Korea well. You went well!" That's what they say. (applause) Now, in Japanese society, "The mass wedding is a fixed principle." No one can oppose it. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs also says, "We accept it."

So, looking at it this way, "I heard rumors that Reverend Moon was a bad person, but oh! He is such a good person! Oh, he also made the Washington Times!" The media is in a fuss. In the past, they kicked him out as an enemy, but now they are employing their seniors, and soon it will be obvious that those seniors will all invade and oppose, so the media is retreating.

The U.S. government is trying to catch and kill Reverend Moon and deport him, but Reverend Moon is trying to help and save America. Since the world knows this, they can't say "Reverend Moon is bad" if they have a conscience. In the past, those who boasted in revolving chairs in high-rise buildings in Washington, when they learn that the Washington Times has become like this, they all say, "Reverend Moon!" They have no choice but to do this. Those who oppose say, "Reverend Moon, they said you were smart, but you have a genius brain. How did you make the Washington Times at this time? Wow, wow, wow, oh!" They say this. So, the entire Republican Party is in a fuss, saying it has become the representative conservative newspaper, and on the other hand, they are applauding, saying, "Reverend Moon, well done!" (applause)

In spring, when bees taste honey after only eating sugar water, they just stick their heads into the hole and suck the honey. Even if you pull their tails with tweezers, they don't come out even if their tails are rubbed, just like that. (laughter) They say, "I don't care if I die, I don't care if I die." They say, "Reverend Moon is good no matter what. Just hearing the name is enough." (applause)

We live splendidly while being cursed, and during holidays, there are no happier people than us, but parents can't sleep at night, saying it's a big deal. During the recent Christmas season, New Year season, they must have cried a lot, thinking, "We are ruined!"

We will create the future of America and the world with our own hands, and we will eliminate the communist world with our own hands. We will clear all evil, laziness, and red-light districts with our own hands. How wonderful is that? (applause)

Moonies don't play, and whenever they have time, they study. They learn French, Spanish... They study so that there is no problem meeting any partner from any country. They are dying from drugs, but we can survive anywhere. We can live alone in Africa or anywhere. We do it not because we can't do it, but because we have hope and voluntarily do it, how wonderful is that? But your parents think, "How pitiful are the Moonies?"

Meanwhile, we think of ourselves as the royal family of the heavenly kingdom, preparing the path to advance toward God's palace. Is that fitting?
To learn about conduct and etiquette, I am grateful for this path of suffering. That's what it is. (Applause) Persecution is a stepping stone to cross the satanic world. Looking at it this way, what has Reverend Moon done so far? Throughout history, there have been countless denominations and religious people, but among God's providence, where is the hopeful individual chosen by heaven and loved by God, who has triumphed on the path of global persecution? Where is the family, the tribe, the nation, the world? Because this is God's wish, Reverend Moon is advancing to fulfill that wish, isn't he? (Applause)

Such victory must be guaranteed. Where must we win? We must triumph in the satanic world. (Applause) If that were the case, this world would be in a bind. You know the saying, "being in a bind," right? Is this being in a bind or a worry? Speaking of blackjack, when blackjack comes out in Las Vegas, the owner and manager might wish it hadn't come out, but once it does, there's nothing they can do. They can't refuse to pay; they have no choice.

So, what is the relationship with Satan? Even if you receive all the persecution and suffering, if you love God more than the persecution, you pass. No matter how much persecution there is, if you love God more, Satan will flee. Do you understand? Satan's blackjack... Blackjack is not a good term. What does it mean to acknowledge it as blackjack? That's it. Reverend Moon knew that. The secret of blackjack. Personal blackjack, family blackjack, tribal blackjack, national, global, cosmic blackjack, no matter how large the scale, the content centered on love was the same.

So, when teaching this tonight, the satanic world is saying, "Oh, Reverend Moon, please don't say that!" It's a simple message. It turns out to be a simple message. Because Reverend Moon knew this, he continues despite lifelong persecution. Even if his mother or children don't understand, he continues. Even if America opposes, he goes again and again, even if communism or the Soviet Union opposes, he goes again and again. Therefore, what does he think? "Persecution is a stepping stone for me to cross, a bridge. Oh, how wonderful, how wonderful!" Do you understand the concept of persecution? I don't know. "I understand." Do you understand? "Yes." Do you understand for sure? "Yes."

Recently, someone got married, and the husband said, "Oh, you've believed in the Unification Church for 10 or 20 years and met your husband as a benefactor... Why continue to suffer persecution in the Unification Church, why not take a break?" How about that? "Go to university and become a doctor. I'll support you, so become a doctor. Take the master's course and study. Go to school!" How about that? Isn't it good? "No." Think about it. A woman flirts with her husband. Do you know what that is? Satan's bait. "You're right. You're right," and dances to Satan's tune, saying, "It's done!" How about that? "No." Will you say, "There's Satan behind you!"? (Laughter) Raise your hand if you're a man who would do that. If a man does that, what about the woman? Raise your hand. If you don't raise your hand, you're in opposition, right? (Laughter)

Today is New Year's, and if everyone raises their hand at this time, God will acknowledge you as honest for 365 days. Why don't you raise your hand? It's especially New Year's, isn't it? If you raise your hand, you'll be forgiven, but you don't. Let's try raising our hands again. Men and women, raise your hands. Those who can do that, raise your hands. Thank you very much. (Applause) Now, do you understand, at least that much?

Oh, time is running out. What time is it? It's already 2 o'clock. If you don't let people sleep on New Year's Day, you'll be punished. "No." Then God won't like me! (Laughter) So, even though it's past 2 o'clock, don't you complain to your teacher? I'm doing a one-man show, talking, so you won't fall asleep. I really dislike people who fall asleep.

Let's establish a settlement by triumphing over all historical indemnity courses. So, what is it here? The family church is our settlement! What is the family church? Home church is the Unification Church's historical indemnity standard, centered on Reverend Moon, achieving the champion's succession right in the indemnity course of personal, family, tribal, national, and cosmic indemnity standards, and receiving the sign of total victory. (Applause) Only in the home church can we finally escape all indemnity conditions and settle.

Abraham was called out of Ur of the Chaldeans, Jacob fled to Laban's house, Moses was called out of Egypt, Christianity was sent from Judea to Rome, and the Unification Church is living a gypsy life, having abandoned their hometown. The teacher also left his hometown and country and is receiving global persecution in this wilderness-like, desert-like land of America.

Now, what is it? In 1976, we declared the Moscow rally and are advancing towards Moscow. We are fighting at the forefront with communism. When you heard about the Moscow rally, you might have thought, "Oh, Reverend Moon is going to die!" But why would he die? He won't die. So, yesterday morning, when everyone gathered, I talked for about 10 minutes about how easy the Moscow rally is, and they thought, "Oh, that's no problem!" Would you like me to tell you too? "Yes."

The teacher wants to rest comfortably, right? (Laughter) Also, because there might be communist spies. Knowing that would make it difficult to build a defense line from now on. Let me ask you something. If I send you to Moscow now, would you go? That's the question. "Yes."

What would you go as, a spy? Are you going as a missionary? Are you going to do underground activities, or are you going as a missionary? That's the issue.

Currently, there is no country in the communist world where our Unification Church members are not present. They are in all satellite countries, in China, and even in Moscow, the Soviet Union. So, there was a smart Moonie, but he disappeared. Where did he go? He went to the Soviet Union and is now doing underground activities in some satellite country. Don't even mention it.

Some people were blessed and then ordered to separate from their spouses and sent. How about that? You shouldn't think, "Oh, I got blessed, had children, and will live comfortably on the foundation of the family." You need a mission. Do you need a life? "It's a mission." It's a mission.

I even told my mother. I used to go to dawn prayers, you know, leaving at 5 o'clock. She would say she's sick and wants to lie down for a bit. At those times, I would pretend not to hear and say, "Get up!" Sometimes she would say, "Oh, I've had 13 or 14 children, and my husband doesn't understand..." But I think I've suffered more than that. "Do you want to hear my story?" But I don't tell it. If she heard it, she wouldn't say such things. (Applause)

When my legs hurt and my head aches, I try to push myself even more. Even if I die right away, if I push myself more, I get better. There have been many such instances. Now, people sympathize with the teacher. They sympathize with the teacher because he's old, even though they're tired themselves. "Teacher, it's time to sleep. Let's go!" But hey, you brat! At those times, I say, "Don't make such dark noises. What are you, brat!" (Laughter) After sending them off, I go up and do everything I need to do. I read letters and handle remaining tasks. Then it becomes 1 o'clock or 2 o'clock. Sometimes I even sleep in a chair.

What, what, what, can't sleep, can't sleep, can't sleep? You can sleep anytime. I can fall asleep here within 5 minutes. I can snore and sleep. You can sleep anytime. You can even sleep while going to the bathroom. You can do that too. The teacher is like iron.

Recently, my daughter said to me, "Mother and father are too high and great, so it's hard to approach them, and it's a pity that we didn't receive parental love." "You're right. You're right. I did that! But I did it for humanity and God more than for you. Instead, among your many siblings, who has been hospitalized, who has collapsed and become crippled? Don't you know that heaven has protected you in all aspects? Since the path I'm taking is the right one, I have to continue on my path." That's what I told her. Sorry, sorry!

If you abandon such a process midway, everything will fall apart. It can't be helped. That's why Reverend Moon has had no settlement until now. He's a gypsy. A wanderer, a refugee. Even if he's chased and driven, he runs without complaint. Because Reverend Moon is like that, God is like that, and because the Moonies following Reverend Moon are like that, when will Moonies, God, and Reverend Moon settle? That's the serious issue. (Applause)

Now is the time to enter the global Canaan land. You must know that this is the 40-year wilderness period. The Unification Church is in the 40-year wilderness period. You must know that it's the tent church era. We must enter the global Canaan land. Therefore, we must distribute the land's portion. We must distribute the portion of the Unification Church to the twelve tribes. Based on the indemnity conditions recognized by the enemies, after 40 years, we will establish the standard for settling in the Canaan land, crossing borders and spreading our ideology worldwide, starting the creation of our nation. Reverend Moon is becoming more famous on this land. Reverend Moon, who was on the ground, is now gradually emerging like the morning sunlight from darkness.

Look. In North America, they oppose Reverend Moon, but in South America, they support him. When you look at the newspapers in America, when they write articles in the editorial office, they talk about Reverend Moon as a Korean evangelist or industrialist, but in South America, it's different. "The most famous Reverend Moon in the world!" They write articles like that. See how different it is. Calling him a Korean evangelist or industrialist is looking down on him.

When it's night in North America, it's morning in South America. When it's night in the West, it's day in the East. In the Western society, they beat and criticize Reverend Moon, but in the East, they welcome him. So, looking at it this way, are there more white people or yellow people in the world? Which is more, yellow people or white people? "Yellow people." The Western society is in trouble because of Japan. What's the trouble? It's normal. It's turning around. Once a chance comes, it goes down. Time always turns and turns.

So, the Moonie persecution era, the Moonie welcome era, if there's a God, it should be like that. If there's no God, it's different. So, is the Moonie persecution era 40 years, 4,000 years, or 40,000 years? "40,000 years." After suffering the most, settling down, you just...

Looking at the veterans of World War II, the first ones who went out are veterans, and those who were on their way in an airplane and returned because of the armistice are also veterans. They're the same in terms of being veterans. So, with God, with Jesus, we must create a place to live on earth. We must make it a settlement. The home church, in Reverend Moon's era, having gone through such indemnity conditions, with Reverend Moon's name and as Moonies become famous, we must know that this is a history of blessing permitted by heaven.

Because of the fall, we couldn't love God, we couldn't love the true parents, we couldn't love the true children. What should we do if we stay like this? We must find our original form. We must love God more. You, it's not about loving your wife and children. It's not about loving your wife. The home church is not about that. After receiving the privilege of having loved God first, you love the true parents, after loving the true parents, you love your spouse, and after loving your spouse, you love your children. (Writing on the board while speaking) That's the principle. Four conditions. One, two, three, four. We couldn't do this. We need to find this because we couldn't do it and fell.

If you don't lay the foundation of the home church, you can't enter heaven. Where will you find it? With the world, with heaven and earth, with the dead as the center... How will you find the love realm defiled by the fall? You must know that it can only be found in the home church. Even the 36 families can't just pass through this formula. They must go through this process.

Therefore, you must abandon the wife you've loved so far, and even if you've had children, you must find the first, second, third, and fourth. You must not be accused by Satan here. You must be welcomed. You must establish the standard that you loved God, loved the true parents, loved your spouse, and loved your children in the world reduced to the welcoming world, to have the qualification to go to heaven, so the home church is an absolute standard.

This morning, Mr. Park said, "Teacher, we're in trouble because there are no young people. We must do something about witnessing..." That's the problem. He said home church and whatnot are unnecessary. So, I thought I would speak directly if Bohee Park were here, but he went to the bathroom. If he became the president of the Washington Times, he should ride the plane every day and go back and forth to Washington, giving his business card to young people, saying, "I'm the president of the Washington Times, and I'd like to show you around our company. Come!"

He should do that. "Going back and forth ten times, gathering 20 people, you can witness to them, why don't you?" I thought. Are you asking me to find people for you?

Why can't you witness to the hundreds of reporters? Why can't you witness to them? Why can't you witness to the young people with press cards, saying, "I'll guide you to tour the Washington Times, and young people want to see the newspaper company, why can't you do it, why can't you do it?" Are you asking me to witness and give you people? It's the same for all responsible people, you brats! Why don't you do it when it's your job, your profession, to eat and do this? Why can't you do it? Why can't you do it? Playing, eating, resting? This is a big deal, a big deal, a big deal! It's a matter of life and death, a matter of the soul!

So, when you take your wife and children, when you visit the 360 homes of the home church, you must create a group that can welcome you without closing the door. You must make it so that when you go with God, the true parents, your wife, and children, you can cry and do as you please for 24 hours. You can't go to heaven without passing through that. You must pass through it to go to heaven. You must make this place the eternal new settlement of God and everyone, and from here, you can go anywhere in heaven. You go from this base. It's not about going back and forth from the spirit world, but this is the center, and you can go back and forth from the spirit world.

From God's perspective, it's like a leaf floating on the sea for thousands of years, wandering without finding a base, and finally finding a base. Home church, home church, just talking about it... Try dying. Try dying. You brats, you'll be caught right away. Until you lay the foundation of the home church, you must wait for years, decades, centuries. You must wait until it happens. You can't enter heaven. That's the principle.

Let me ask you something. The Unification Church members scattered around the world, the families I've blessed, will they welcome me and my children for 24 hours, or will they oppose? "They will welcome." It's the same, the same. It's the same for you. You must lay the foundation to open the door of the home church and be welcomed. If this movement is recognized worldwide, the Moscow rally is no problem. Do you understand? "Yes."

Finding our settlement is the most urgent task. The teacher must settle. He has fulfilled his responsibility to the free world. The teacher has given everything. Therefore, he has the responsibility to settle in the home church. This year, 1983, is an important year. This year, the teacher's trial will end. The whole world is preparing to study the Unification Church anew, and the time has come to cross the peak. It's the time for the sun to rise. (Applause)

I might leave you and mobilize famous scholars and theologians worldwide to take over your positions. If the white people can't do it, I'll bring Asians here and deploy them all. I'll mobilize the minority ethnic groups living in America and deploy them. If that doesn't work, I'll bring nearly a million Unification Church members from Korea and invest the money used in America here, and it will be more than enough to complete the deployment. Do you understand? "Yes." You must know that they all respect Reverend Moon. If I tell them that you will visit, I believe I can gather them all within a few months.

So, will you do it? "Yes." Stop making excuses. "I'm waiting at the newspaper..." Hey, brat, what does it matter if it's a newspaper, brat! Newspaper or not, it doesn't matter. "I'm busy because I have responsibilities..." Stop making such excuses. Busy? You have time to eat and sleep, brat!

Today, as you welcome the New Year together, young brats, because you learned this new content today, you must resolve to make this year a decisive year towards settlement. If you don't make such a resolution, you can't face God.

Last year's slogan was "Victory of Home Church," but did you achieve victory? How much did you think about it, you brats! The year before, it was "Home Church is My Heaven," but how much did you love your heaven? The year before that, it was "Home Church is the Base of Heaven," but how much did you think about it? The year before that, it was "Building Heaven through Home Church," but how much did you build heaven? Huh? You brats, you didn't do it. This year! All the responsible people here will mobilize for the future... In Korea, when I came, I ordered a total mobilization of all blessed families. Japan will do the same, and all blessed families in America will be mobilized. If you can't do this, you will continue the path of wandering, the path of a gypsy, forever. You won't find a place. Even if you go to the spirit world, you won't be able to find the teacher.

Just as an individual paradise was created in Christianity, you must know that a family paradise will be created. In the family paradise, your wife will say, "Why can't you drag me out of this hell, even if you have to hit me?" Your children will say, "Why can't you drag us to heaven, even if you have to hit us?" They will accuse you. Your wife and children will accuse you. It's not Satan who will accuse you, but your wife, husband, and children. You must know how miserable that is.

I know that misery, so to avoid such a place, I've been raising my children mercilessly, raising my wife mercilessly, and doing this kind of work. Knowing that, do you love your wife? Do you love your children? This is urgent. It's the most important urgent task. You must do it while you're alive. That's why Reverend Moon has dedicated his life, doing it day and night. It's not because I'm less capable than anyone else.

So, today, on this day, on the new day, "Now that I know, I will set out to find my settlement, where I can love God, the true parents, the true couple, and children!" You must make a resolution. How many resolutions have you made? This year, you must practice. Raise your hand if you will definitely do it this year! Thank you. (Applause) *

The 16th God's Day Speech

When we say "God's Day," "day" is "day," and "God" is "God." And "hana" in "Hananim" means that only one exists, and "nim" means owner.

The significance of God's Day

In our Unification Church, when it's the first day of the new year, we say it's the best day, but we see it as the most difficult and challenging day. Probably, there's no one who's not tired right now. "No." I'm tired too. (Laughter) Did you hear the powerful words from the teacher in the early morning, and now you're hearing the words again in the morning? "Yes."

Others eat a lot of rice cakes and delicious food on the first day of the new year, but in the Unification Church, instead of food, we eat a lot of words. (Laughter) But if you eat a lot of worldly food, you'll have trouble, you'll break down, but what happens if you hear a lot of words? Your mind will become dizzy. "No." What about God, what about God? God already knows what I'm going to say, so would He listen carefully, or would He not listen, thinking, "What's the point...?" "He listens carefully." Really? "Yes."

Then God would think like this. If God is interested, since He already knows what I'm going to say, He's not interested in the words themselves. He might be interested in the people listening to the words. "Ah! This word is most needed for that person dozing off in the corner, and if that person's heart state is in such a position, it would be great if they hear it and come to life. It would be great if they are resurrected." So, God would be interested in seeing where the words are going and thinking, "This will go to whom," and watching closely. (Laughter) If there's someone dozing off while watching, what would He do? At such times, even the most merciful God would give a little tap on the head.
(laughter) So, should we eat chestnuts on New Year's Day or not? "We shouldn't." 
If that's the case, you see, in the heavenly kingdom, everything you say and do will be recorded every hour. They'll draw your face and note who was dozing off, who ate chestnuts, and if that's recorded in the heavenly diary of early 1983, is that a good thing or a bad thing? "It's a bad thing." 
In the spirit world, everyone is paying attention to God's actions, and if they were to scold you for disliking something, your ancestors, watching you, might say, "You rascal! Why are you dozing?" and follow God's example by giving you a few more chestnuts. "This rascal, this child is wrong! We should take out his eyes," and they'll take out your eyes. (laughter) 
So, to avoid that, if someone next to you is dozing, pinch them. Look around. Look in front and behind. Someone is dozing right now. Look, look. Someone is dozing right now. (laughter) So, are your eyes open now? "Yes." Would you like me to talk for 5 minutes? Would you like 10 minutes, 1 hour, or until tomorrow morning? "Until tomorrow morning." Well, 
181 
what will you do if you doze off? "Pinch." Pinch. If God says He'll cut your neck, that's the worst. So, would you prefer to say to the teacher, "Do as you see fit, whether long or short," or would you prefer to do as you wish? "The first one." 
What day is it today, everyone? "God's Day." It's called God's Day, but what is God's Day? Is it the day God was born, the day God died and came back to life, or the day God was released from prison? "It's a Joyful Day." Joyful, but what kind of joy is it? God would be happy to meet a friend, eat good food, or hear an interesting story, but what kind of joy is it? 
Do you know when God's birthday is? (laughter) Wouldn't God have a birthday? Have you ever thought about that? (laughter) Then God wouldn't know the taste of celebrating His birth? So, is God's Day a very good day, a bad day, or an ordinary day? "It's a very joyful day." What, a joyful day? "Yes." I don't know. (laughter) "It's a memorial day." What's a memorial day? 
The only place in the universe that celebrates God's Day is the Unification Church 
So, if it's a good day for God, does He meet bad people or good people on a good day? "Good people." Good people. And then good things, good things, all of that. Do you sitting here say, "I am a good person"? "No." Do you say, "I am a person full of everything"? "No." Is it good or bad that it's not? (laughter) The bad meaning is that you are a bad person. Does God want to meet such people on God's Day? "No." Yes, no? "No." Yes! "No." Yes! "No." Yes! "No." No is no, but it's absolutely no. God absolutely does not want to meet such people on God's Day, right? "Yes." 
So, even if God blesses His Day, it doesn't matter. Then, the only place on earth that celebrates God's Day is not the White House in America, not the Congress, not the famous palaces of the world, not the homes of great people, but only the Unification Church in the world. Today, on New Year's Day, the only place where Moonies gather is here. Then, where would God be interested in going to celebrate His Day? Only the Unification Church. Only here. 
If God has such an interest, how much more would your ancestors want to come? "Oh, our descendants are celebrating God's Day. I want to go and see it once!" Wouldn't they say that? "They would." 
So, who is the famous president of America? "George Washington." What did you say? "George Washington." Washington D.C.? (laughter) "George Washington." I don't know. (laughter) I don't know, since he's your ancestor. President George Washington is the greatest president in America! 
When presidents gather and say, "President George Washington will go to the place celebrating God's Day," would the presidents say, "Yay," or would they say, "Oh, no, let me go instead"? "Together." Together? Not just anyone can come. A representative must come. If all the American presidents come, will all the kings and presidents of the world gather? 
Then, would there be a president in America who says, "Hey, George Washington can't go. I have to go!"? "No." I think there is. Who do you think it is? "Abraham Lincoln." Why Abraham Lincoln? That's right. "You, George Washington, captured and sold all the black people, used them as slaves, didn't you? Today, the Unification Church Moonies are holding a joint meeting of people of all colors, so I, Abraham Lincoln, should go instead of George Washington." What would George Washington say? "Ah! You're right." Would he say that or not? Would George Washington say "no" or "yes"? He would say "yes." 
  
183 
Then, if Lincoln came here, how happy would he be? "Ah! I'm the greatest in American history!" Where would he sit? In front of the teacher or behind the teacher? "Ah, I'm the American president, Reverend Moon, go over there! I'll be the host of the event." Would he say that? "No." 
If the teacher says, "What? You can't! I'll do it," what would happen? "Get out of the way!" What would happen if he doesn't go? "He'll move." If he refuses to go, who will you support, Reverend Moon or Lincoln? "Reverend Moon." (laughter) 
So, if you drive Lincoln out, would he say, "Please don't drive me out, let me attend the celebration," or would he say, "Hey! What's this? Just wait and see. Hey, Reverend Moon, Moonies, I'll get my revenge. No celebration, I'm leaving"? (laughter) In other words, if you drive Lincoln out, would he say, "Oh, just wait and see. I'll get my revenge on these Moonies. Just wait," or would he say, "Please let me attend the celebration"? "He'll ask to attend." 
Then, if you say, "Sit by the toilet! Sit by the trash can!" would he say, "Oh, I'm the American president, how can you treat me like this"? (laughter) Would you say, "You're the American president, let's switch seats. Come here, I'll go there," or not? "We'll switch." What if Reverend Moon says, "Sit there, stop!"? What will you do? (laughter) This is a metaphor, but how much would such people want to come here? Would they want to come or not? "They would want to come." What about you? 
To prepare for God's Day, you must sincerely prepare 
Then, to celebrate like that, when the presidents of the spirit world come to celebrate with God, would they come empty-handed? Would they come with gifts or just come? What do you think? Should they bring gifts or not? "They should bring gifts." Then, on the best day for God, would they bring the worst gifts or the best gifts? "The best gifts." 
Then, are those gifts ordinary or absolutely precious? "Absolutely precious." Absolutely precious. Those gifts are amazing gifts. It's true. 
So, if God comes like that, would President Lincoln just come empty-handed? Would he just come? It's the same. To all the presidents, "You too, bring something. You too, set a condition!" and they would have to come carrying a bundle. 
But if they bring gifts and there's no condition on earth, they can't give those gifts, they'd say, "Oh, you descendants, these Americans, why did you come empty-handed? If only you had brought better gifts than me." That's what they'd say. So, what gifts did you bring? What gifts? Sleeping gifts, gifts of fatigue? "No." Did you change your underwear? (laughter) Hmm? "Yes." 
Did you prepare underwear to wear on God's Day, hanging it up and sincerely praying, planning to wear it on that day? Or did you just wear the usual ones after washing them? Which one did you wear? 
Now, for New Year's Day 2000, you should prepare the underwear you'll wear to celebrate, starting now, for 10 or 20 years, with sincerity. After washing it a hundred or a thousand times, using several boxes of soap, would God say, "Hey! You spent a lot on this expensive underwear for God's Day in 2000, so you must pay a fine or serve a prison sentence!"? What do you think? 
Then, the clothes, because they were washed every day, would become rags. They'd wear those rags in 2000. (laughter) You'd see their belly buttons and everything. (laughter) Would God punish them or reward them? "Reward them." Why reward them? God likes such underwear. (laughter) The tears and sweat and expenses spent for God and this day are undeniable. That's what's precious. 
Now, if there's a baby like our Jungjin, 6 months old, and when he turns one, he remembers that in 1983 the teacher talked about God's Day like this, and he says, "I'll wash my underwear from one year old until I die, and when I'm a hundred, I'll wear it and attend," would God take him before he turns a hundred? "No." 
Even if he does nothing but eat and wash it every day? Even if he does nothing but that, won't God take him? (laughter) Because of that, if he says, "I don't need marriage or children. I'll just wash this," what will you do? (laughter) After a hundred years, when it's all worn out and can't be washed anymore, he'd just pretend to wash it with water. Then, since he can't wear it, he'd wrap it in a cloth and take it. On the morning of the hundredth year, when the teacher says, "Did you wear good underwear?" should he raise his hand or not? "He should." What should he raise, when he's not wearing it? "Show us if you're wearing it or not!" But when he takes it off, there's nothing there. What then? (laughter) 
Now, if Jungjin does that, and God says, "Hey, Jungjin, that's unrighteous behavior, let's expel him in front of everyone," should you say "Amen" or "Oh no"? "We should say no." If you praise that, what if everyone starts coming to the celebration naked? That would be a big problem. What will you do? (laughter) In that case, there would be a clause saying, "If you sincerely wash your underwear for over a hundred years and it becomes unusable, you can come without wearing it." 
Would you like to try that until you're a hundred? "Yes." If you do that, will you definitely go to heaven or definitely go to hell? "Definitely to heaven." Hell? "Heaven." Hell, hell, hell? "Heaven, heaven, heaven." I've learned from you. (laughter) This is no laughing matter. 
Do you think you can attend the celebration of God's Day in the future? All the presidents of the world will gather, all the scholars, all the Nobel Prize winners will gather, and they've been preparing and waiting for decades to compete, but do you think you can attend like you did today, dozing off here? What's the point of dozing off? From the beginning, everything is being broadcast live, and your eyes should be like fire, busy recording, watching, and leaving a record, but you're sitting here dozing off. 
That's why if you attend here without knowing this, your ancestors in the spirit world will grab your neck and hit you. Do you think that will happen? "Yes." So, what gift did you bring? Did you offer a sincere offering to God for the once-a-year God's Day, an offering that your ancestors and God would be pleased with? If you offer sincerity for your country and the world, that sincerity will remain as your asset, and on that foundation, what did you bring to offer to God? 
God's Day was established centered on God's love 
So, when you attend the once-a-year God's Day, can the sincerity and preparation you put into it be compared to the sincerity you put into attending a wedding once a year? Which is more important? "God's Day is more important." They think God's Day is just a day to have something. "If I go to New York, they'll give me bulgogi. I've been hungry from fundraising lately, so let's go eat meat." Many people might come with that thought. "No." Also, 
187 
some might think, "It's a 40-day special fundraising period, but if I say I'm celebrating God's Day and go for a day or two, who will oppose? I came to rest and relax for a few days." There might be those kinds of people. Among them, some might have a partner or something in New York and use it as an excuse to come. 
Do you think there are such people? Do you think those people would doze off or not? From this line, the ninth person (pointing). The person with glasses looking around, stand up! Did you come to demonstrate your sleepiness in front of the teacher on God's Day? "No." What have you been doing until now? "I've been listening to Father's words." You listened to my words? Then tell me everything I've said here. "……" So, did you doze off or not? Did you hear everything or not? Even though I said that, you kept dozing off, didn't you? You should have some dignity. 
Who's your husband, your husband? Do you have a husband? (laughter) If you came here, call him out. (laughter) Who is it? Isn't this guy from the Washington Times? "Yes, that's right (interpreter)." (laughter) Are you a member of the Washington Times? "Yes." You couldn't educate your wife because you're busy with the newspaper. You're so trivial, what good is a wife of a trivial newspaper reporter? Did you promise each other, "You'll doze off, and I'll doze off," when you came in the morning? 
So, is the teacher doing well or not? (laughter) Is this American style, Eastern style, or heavenly style? Which one is it? "Heavenly style." Because of the wife, the husband can't even make excuses when criticized. How is it? Can you claim, "My beloved wife is right"? 
This is the first time I've called someone up and given them a chestnut on God's Day. Was that good or bad? What would God think? "Ah, Reverend Moon! Doing that on a celebration day is rude," would He say it was wrong or right? What do you think? "He would say it was right." (laughter) Thank you. You can't say Reverend Moon gave chestnuts on God's Day. 
Today is God's Day, so what should you celebrate with on this day? You need to know what was the basis for establishing God's Day. It's not money. It's not the Unification Church. It's not Reverend Moon, the True Parents. You need to know that this day was set based on God's love. 
The love buried in God's heart, the love that couldn't be revealed, finally has a day where it can explode with the earth, and that's what God's Day is. You need to know that. God has suffered, groaned, and been persecuted throughout thousands or tens of thousands of years of history to find that love, but the moment of meeting that love is the greatest joyful moment that can forget all that persecution. 
After the fall, due to false love, the entire universe entered the realm of Satan, becoming a world of lamentation. To resolve this, when a day comes to celebrate God's love, it means the original world is restored. 
When these four great holidays approach, you need to offer sincerity for a month or 40 days so that you can offer a heart of love and purity to heaven. (writing on the board) No matter how great the spirits in the spirit world are, they were not born from the lineage of the True Parents, but through Satan's lineage. 
You must offer more sincerity for God's Day than anyone in the spirit world 
So, think about how much the people in the spirit world have longed for the appearance of the Parents' Day. When you think about that, because the people on earth are in a higher position than those in the spirit world, in the position of Abel, you must offer more sincerity than any spirit in the spirit world who has longed for tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of years to celebrate the Parents' Day. 
Then, how much have they longed to become God's children? How much do all humanity, the people living now, long to become God's sons and daughters? For this path, countless religious people have sacrificed, fasted, and inflicted pain on themselves, seeking, "What is the way to become God's son and daughter?" They were seeking it. 
Therefore, among all humanity born in sin, if there is a true filial child who loves their parents, they must become heavenly sons and daughters who can break historical records and serve the True Parents on behalf of God. To express such sincerity, we need counterparts. 
That's why we need altars, places to pray, and statues. When you're alone, you need an altar to offer sincerity, and you need offerings. Offerings stay there. Once you place them, they stay there for ten years... they just stay there, while people run away. People go up and down, but offerings just stay there. 
So, when you have something good happen, you should return and look at the photo or the offering and say, "I am grateful for this joyful day, and as a symbol of my joy, I offer something to Father," and offer the result of your sincerity to heaven. 
The Old Testament era was the era of offerings. It was the symbolic era of restoring all things. The New Testament era was the era of offering sons and daughters. It was the era of offering Jesus as a sacrificial offering, a symbolic position. In the Completed Testament era, it's the era of offering parents. So, in the Old Testament era, they offered cattle as sacrifices, and in the New Testament era, they set Jesus on the cross, and they worshiped such symbolic positions. 
In the Completed Testament era, you need to know how much the teacher is suffering. These four great holidays are about setting conditions for all things and people. 
190 
Therefore, on these celebration days, you need to bring the offerings you've prepared with sincerity, and you need to bring the sons and daughters you've evangelized. You need to bring the offerings of the completed New Testament and the completed Old Testament and go before heaven with the offerings of the completed Completed Testament. 
You need to understand that these celebration days are necessary to leave such traditions. These celebration days pass by, but the days of sincerity must live and grow to cover the world. You need to know that. When this becomes ten years, a hundred years, a thousand years, the world will automatically become the kingdom of heaven. 
These four great holidays, these memorial days, must connect with God's love through the realm of all things, the realm of world humanity, and then through the realm of parents to connect with God. That's why it goes up through the four great holidays. If you don't know your parents, you can't become a child. Also, if there are no children, there is no place for all things. There is an order. You combine all of this and go up. 
When the will is fulfilled worldwide, the teacher must record all the offerings and sincerity of all things and offer them to God, saying, "This year, I offer these offerings and such on behalf of heaven." In the future, like the Jewish priests who could live without a portion, the Unification Church priests will be able to live with these offerings, and there will come a time when they won't be miserable church leaders like today. 
When each country sends such items to the headquarters, when the plane carrying them flies, everyone watching must worship. I see that a world where that is possible will come. When offerings from countries like Brazil or any South American country are brought to the headquarters, when they are loaded onto a plane, everyone must celebrate and commemorate as they watch the plane fly. And there must be a live broadcast saying, "The plane is now passing over Japan." Then, not only Brazilians but also Japanese people must celebrate. I see that such a world will come. We must prepare for such days and fulfill our responsibility and mission by attending these celebration gatherings. 
God does not accept offerings that do not connect with the heart of love 
Therefore, in your homes, you must have a Holy of Holies where all such offerings are prepared as items of value beyond treasures. You must know that. You cannot take out the offerings prepared in the Holy of Holies at will. You cannot touch them without the approval of the local leader or the church leader.
You need to know the facts. That ideology develops into loving all things. 
Next, there is the offering of natural sacrifices, one's own possessions, then one's children, and finally oneself. 
  'We are fallen beings, with fallen possessions and fallen children, but we offer everything before You, so please bind us with the cords of Your love! Amen!' we must say. And also, 'The possessions I have symbolize the Old Testament era, the children symbolize the New Testament era, and this symbolizes the Completed Testament era, offering all the Old, New, and Completed Testament eras through the cords of love before the Father! Amen!' we must say. 
  Therefore, Unification Church members should not live indebted in the economic field. You need to know this. This is an ironclad rule. You should not be indebted in the economic field. Because of this fate, the material of the Unification Church today cannot be invaded by Satan. Therefore, the Unification Church is entering a new era where it can serve both material and God. The Bible does not allow this. You cannot serve both God and material. Do not think of this as your own material. You must think of it as God's. 
192   
You must think that there is no concept of it being God's, but rather, with a heart of love, we have offered it as God's, and think that way. 
  Now, then, you must serve your parents in every household. If you cannot serve the True Parents... If you do not know and serve the True Parents on this earth, you will be accused before the teacher in the spirit world. You will be judged. 
  Therefore, today, members working to earn money in America must work with the conviction of finding the condition of love's sacrifice throughout their lives. How wonderful it is. Sacrifices that do not connect with the heart of love are not accepted by God. With such sincere material, you raise your beloved children with devotion. You need a foundation of four positions to prepare to offer everything as a sacrifice combining all things, humanity, and the True Parents in the era of restoration. So when you say, 'I need sons and daughters,' God will say, 'You are right.' 
  Only when you stand in the position of a parent connected to God's love on the foundation of sacrifices through children's love can you establish the original family framework and offer it to God. Therefore, when you have material, you must think of God. You must think of it as something that can connect with God's love. Also, when thinking of children, you must think of them as children who can connect with God's love, and when thinking of your husband or wife, you must always think of them as a husband or wife who can unite with God's love. That is the core ideology. 
  Therefore, the lifelong wish of your families should be, 'When the parents come to our home, when God comes, I will offer all the sincere gifts prepared with devotion, the excellent children raised with devotion, united with my love, and I wish to see them live more excellently, more beautifully, more wonderfully than my husband or my children, even for a few days, and be able to rejoice in that one day.' That should be the wish of parents, the wish of children, and the wish of all things. 
  When the grandfather who holds the key is about to die, he must pass on the key with instructions to the son or daughter who can become the center of the family and represent God's love, saying, 'Please make our family one that can leave a breath for countless generations,' and the family must inherit the key amidst blessings. Not everyone can do it. When a father bequeaths to his son, the one who receives the inheritance key must know that they are continuing the family line. Such a time will come. You must prepare for it. 
  Until now, the mindset of young people in America has been, 'What is this, Eastern style, Korean style,' but it is not Korean style. It is the law of heaven, the law of heaven. Therefore, in the place where the sanctuary is, you cannot fight. You cannot fight. Even if spouses fight, or children fight, they must go to that place and repent. You must know that such a family tradition, all norms, are born through the internal emotional origin of the four major holidays that can celebrate more than sacrifices. 
Only love can determine ownership 
  When it becomes like that, even when you give the most precious thing, you want to give more, you want to give the world. You want to offer your precious children, the best among humanity, and you want to offer yourself as the best parent before heaven. When such people go to the spirit world, they stand in a position where they can be completely supplemented in a spherical manner. The spirit world is a world where all wishes can be fulfilled at any time. 
  Just as God created all things, I have the authority to manage and use all things on behalf of God who created them. You must know that there are plenty of sons and daughters in this era who, with sincere devotion, can love their parents so much that when they go to the other world, they can appear as princes representing the heart of God and numerous nations. 
  All things, humanity, people of the other world, parents, and God can only connect directly through the cord of love. You must know how to love all things in the pure position of nature, in the completed position where Adam and Eve did not fall. Also, if Adam and Eve had not fallen and loved their children as True Parents, I can completely inherit that love, and then, in handling all public matters on behalf of God, if I can handle them based on justice in the position of a parent, this means I connect directly with God. There is no boundary here. 
  Reverend Moon teaches this because the laws of the heavenly kingdom are set up this way, and he wants to create people who can match the breath and rhythm there, so he teaches this. The clothes you are wearing are not yours. The body you have is not yours. The husband or wife you love is not yours. None of these are yours, but there is a privilege to make them yours, which is when they are all things through God's true love, your children through God's love, your spouse through God's love, and your parents through God's love, then they are recognized as God's and at the same time yours. 
  Therefore, God created humans and all things to complete His love, to accomplish love. Because it was created with this principle, only love is God's, mine, and the only thing that can determine ownership is the principle of creation. Our Moonies have finally realized this content, so behind me are my husband, my children, my all things... In such a unified position through this heart, we can return to God. 'We offer our family before You, God, because You cannot help but accept it through the essence of love, we offer it...' when you say this, God says, 'Yes, you are right. Amen!' 
  Before doing that, the bridge of connection between the earthly world and the heavenly kingdom, between earthly parents and heavenly parents, cannot be laid, so you cannot connect the bridge to the other world. You must do that on earth. 
  
195 
Therefore, Moonies in the Unification Church need material, children, and parents, so you must know the fact that it is decided that you must receive blessings in the name of God. The reason you want ownership, material, is to go out to God's love, the reason you want a partner is to go out to God's love, and the reason you want children is to have the conditions for the completion of God's love, to participate in the realm of true love, you must clearly know this fact. Therefore, our Unification Church must have the stance that we must marry confidently and go the path of God's original love, and in this principle, God cannot say 'No.' You must know this. 
The only key to open the sanctuary of our bodies is the husband and wife's key 
  Now, then, what is like a saint, like a secret saint in the world? It's not the father, not the wife, not anything. What is it? What is like a saint in our body? "True love." Through what do you love that true love? Through what do you form a relationship? What is a holy kiss like a saint? (Laughter) There must be such words. There must be that. There must be that. There must be saint-like love in the love of a couple. 
  Now, when women are embarrassed, what do they cover with their hands? Do they cover their buttocks, here, or here? Women! They cover their mouths, right? Why is that? It's because it is defiled. When a man and woman love each other, what do they do first? What do they do first? (Laughter) Oh, these American girls do it every day, these rascals? 
  Therefore, you must know that a man and woman's mouth is a holy place. That is resurrection, and then for women, the breast is growth, and then the genitals are completion. Those are holy places. They are the sanctuaries of our bodies. Not just anyone holds the key to open them. You must know that you cannot hold the key unless it is inherited by the heavenly way. That is the husband and wife's key. 
  Then, that key does not fit just anything. You must know that only that key fits. If someone holds two keys, they are Satan, and if they have three, of course, and even if one is bent, it doesn't work, it must be normal. So if you have a mouth, you must go to your husband for a real kiss, you cannot go to another man, and if you have a chest, you must go to your husband, you cannot go to another man. All women must go to their husbands, they cannot go to another man, that is the conclusion. 
  When Bohee Park's key opens Bohee Park's wife, it clicks! Hahaha, oh my... That key comes in, and the holy chest opens wide and says, 'Please come in.' Women, no matter what, open all the sanctuaries with a click and say, 'Please come in.' (Laughter) Why are you laughing, you rascals! I'm telling the truth. I'm talking about something holy... In this world, it has become vulgar language, vulgar language. It has become vulgar language. Holy words are not spoken carelessly. 
If you have a heart of love, you can like what the world says is bad 
  When it is planted in the sanctuary, precious children, who cannot be bought even with the world, are born there. God allowed me to experience the love He had for human Adam and Eve, so whether I look this way or that way, it's my love, even if they poop, it's good, even if they eat snot, it's good. Love is like that. (Laughter) Why are you laughing? Even if they poop, the husband's poop smells, but the children's poop smells savory. Mom, is that right? (Laughter)
  Why is that? Love that comes from one's bones begins with children. It's not the fallen husband. When you go to the bathroom and poop, does it smell like this? (Laughter) When it smells bad, you are like... doing this. (Making a face) Is that right or not? Because you love yourself, that's why. 
  Therefore, American women, when the husband poops and it smells, say, 'Leave the door open! You should open the door every morning. The smell is too bad.' Such women are disqualified. Why are you laughing, mom? I'm telling the truth. It should smell savory, the husband's poop. I think that if a woman experiences that taste, it would be sweeter than honey. (Laughter)
  Anything that appears with love, even if it smells bad, even if the world says it's bad, becomes good, beautiful, and fragrant, otherwise, it's not true love. So love is good! How good is it? It is said that the secret of liking what the world says is bad can be found there, so God made it that way! How about that? 
  So, with Jesus' heart of love, with the eyes of love, with a loving mouth, even if something smells bad, 'Ah, behind that bad smell, there is a delicious and sweet smell. Ah, I should love. I should forgive,' it becomes like this. If you fall from the bridge of love, you can fall to the bottom of hell, and if you jump with love, you can leap to the top of heaven. There is such content. Do you understand what I'm saying? 
  So, because it centered on love, you must know that the warning 'Do not eat!' could not be avoided. When you step away from the path of love, you fall into hell and say 'Aah,' and if you center on love, you go 'Woo ah' to heaven. 
We suffer to encounter a deeper and truer path of love 
  Therefore, love did not come out alone. You must go through parents, siblings, and relatives to walk the path of love, that is the normal path, I am saying this from a theoretical perspective. Free marriage is the greatest gift Satan has given to destroy humanity on this earth, that is the conclusion. American families are shattered, and those who fail in the family are all riding the express train to hell. 
  We must establish this new tradition and fundamentally defeat Satan's weapon sweeping American society, and completely destroy the foundation of love for all the young people of the decaying world and establish a new order. You must know that this is the mission of Moonies with heavenly significance. Then why do Moonies have to suffer? Why do they do fundraising or witnessing? It is to encounter a deeper and truer path of love. That is the purpose. It is three-dimensional, to encounter true love with deep and wide content, we go this way, how wonderful it is. 
  Look. From the perspective of Moonies, the world opposes, parents oppose, teachers oppose, everyone opposes, but they do fundraising and such. When they say, 'That crazy kid,' it's frustrating and unfair, but when you bring the material before God and weep, saying, 'Father, I am trying to connect with the love of the things You love, but they oppose, it's unfair,' how holy that path is. How pitiful God must be looking at such a love offering. 
  Moonies of the Unification Church say, 'To prepare that, I will do fundraising for three and a half years, and with sincerity, I will manage the realm of life. I will become a subject person who can manage all things with God's true love,' how wonderful that is. 
  Then what is needed? If the condition of managing material is established, then you must find the lost children of love before God. You need children. To find children of faith, you must offer devotion, devotion. In an environment where you are cursed and opposed, where the country doesn't recognize you, the teacher doesn't recognize you, the parents don't recognize you, everyone opposes, 'How pitiful it is that You are looking for such children of faith. I will offer You a gift of true children of faith, the best among the excellent youth of this country,' how wonderful that position is. 
  So, 'I have established the condition of material, and I have established the condition of children of faith, now I will find the position of children who can truly love by forming a couple's bond before God, and to offer these children before heaven, I will go even if it is harder than fundraising or witnessing while being persecuted. I will become a true parent,' you must know how great that appearance is. 
  After preparing for seven years and having children, you live in the original world that heaven desires. So, centering on this three-year period, you become the owner who loves all things without falling like God, you love the people of the world on behalf of God, and you love your children. Then, by loving your children from the position of a king like God, establishing the laws of heaven and earth, having prepared everything and offering it, you can live in the royal palace of heaven by transferring the completed standard on earth to the other world. How wonderful that is. 
  You must know the amazing fact that you can create a foundation representing the court of heaven by experiencing the heart of love that God, the King of the universe, had when He loved all things and loved all people as His children. What kind of king is that king? What kind of king is that king? It is the king of true love. The original position of Adam and Eve is the king of true love. By doing so, you must prepare and go so that the royal palace can appear in the earthly world. 
The start of love that moves the universe is from the very bottom 
  In this way, how precious is the Day of All Things that the Unification Church speaks of? By celebrating the Day of All Things, we can pass through the completion of the Old Testament era, and by celebrating Children's Day, we can pass through the New Testament era, and by celebrating Parents' Day, we can pass through the Completed Testament era, and by centering on God's love, we can inherit the tradition of the royal family. We must go through such amazing things. If the Unification Church does not have this content, it is absolutely unacceptable. You must know this. 
  Blessed families, when attending God's Day in the future, must attend with their spouses, with their children, with all things prepared, bound with love that can connect with the laws of the royal palace of heaven. To offer to God, you must expand the cycle process every year and expand the connection points that can connect to heaven each year. You must know this. 
  So if the husband and wife fought, they must repent, if the children, siblings, and brothers fought, they must repent. They must repent, but they must prepare all the sacrificial conditions such as offerings and gifts. Therefore, the day when all these are forgiven and notified becomes God's Day. You must know that you must offer devotion on that day. If the whole family is not united as one lump of love, you cannot offer sacrifices. 
  Therefore, it is written in the Bible, 'Reconcile before offering sacrifices!' It says that if you are not united in love, you cannot offer sacrifices. Therefore, the Bible says to reconcile before offering sacrifices. The shame of not being able to attend this day must be made into an environment where you can feel the shame of the world. Our children are like that too. 'Oh, I'm tired. Dad, Dad, I'm tired,' but that must not become a habit. 
  Is what Reverend Moon is saying here Reverend Moon's words, or are they words through the principle of restoration, the principle of heart? Which is it? "They are through the principle of restoration." These are words from the perspective of the principle. Why did you come here? Absolutely obey! Obey! Amen! There is no objection. When you are hungry, eating is the truth. Similarly, you must know that this is a more serious truth than the truth of eating when you are hungry or sleeping when you are sleepy. You must know that this law is a more serious truth than this truth. 
  When you forget to love God while eating because you are hungry, you must repent. When you forget to love God while sleeping, you must repent. Today, all the members of the Unification Church in America are nothing. I stopped holding meetings from 1978 and left it alone. From this year, I must establish order again. How about it? Will you go? "Yes." 
  Until now, you have lived as you please, but now that you have matured, you must attend God's Day in 1984 with the content of original celebration, with the qualification of unashamed sons and daughters. Amen! "Amen." Every year, before the night of the first day of the first month, you must swear before heaven, 'This year, I will offer this as a gift.' You must know that you must fulfill what you promised and swore before heaven before you die. 
  If you have made a promise, for the promise to come before God, whether your husband opposes, your children oppose, your parents oppose, the world opposes, you must go straight! When you go straight, God protects you, but if you zigzag, God leaves and does not protect you at all. If you zigzag, it waits until it becomes a straight line. 
  You know the importance of your husband's birthday, the day you got married, or the day your children were born, but have you ever thought about how precious God's Day, the Day of All Things, Parents' Day is? Knowing this, the teacher fasted on his birthday. Those who cannot celebrate God's Day, those who cannot celebrate the four major holidays with a sincere heart, cannot celebrate their own birthday, commemorate the day they got married, or hold a birthday party for their children. The teacher did not wear a suit before such days, before making such days. He did not wear a tie. He did not dress formally. 
  The teacher is finding the path of restoration without fail. Why, why must it be so? You must know that unless you dig into the valley of heart, you cannot find the path to the peak of heart. God's love, the start of love that moves the universe, starts from the very bottom, not the high peak. 
  Men and women are pushed to the very bottom. 'Go down, go down, you rascal!' It doesn't matter if you are a doctor or a master's degree holder. The essence of the philosophy of love and the tradition of love is the same. It transcends the time and space of the past, present, and future. So, do you like going down? "Yes." Are all your eyes looking up? That's all Satan. You are caught by Satan. You must go down. You must go down. Satan cannot go down. 
God entrusts us with money to achieve victory in love 
  Therefore, Reverend Moon is persecuted by the world today. And he is coming out of it. You must know that he is following the path of how to come out of the deep place with God's love. I am the person who dislikes becoming famous the most. I did not want it. But God kept making me famous. 
  When I think about it, 'Ah! God is looking for a tradition to elevate God through me, so I cannot help but accept it.' I did not want money. I did not want it, but God entrusting me with money is to achieve victory in the realm of love in the world, more than anyone else.
All things hope to follow the path of true love, and because it is fast and easy to go through Reverend Moon, who is a champion in loving all things, I cannot help but do such work, and I cannot deny blessing all things, you see. 
  Also, when I take people from various countries... How noisy is this? I don't think I want to live with these people all my life. However, because God knows that humans themselves must find the path that can connect all people with God's love, the quickest way to connect through the path of love is through Reverend Moon's path. Reverend Moon's path is direct and strong because he is a champion, so people can be grafted onto it to make it strong enough to connect. 
203 
Because the purpose and principle are set like that, I cannot help but face the fact that I have no choice. 
  It is not what I want. When I think that people of all colors are following me, I am concerned about how to connect them with God's love. I am worried about how to connect all things. Therefore, I think about using even a penny wisely. If I were to dismiss the worthless people of the Unification Church and let their lives fall, I would be indignant. I am someone who thinks of cherishing even a life that seems like trash. So, if all things follow Reverend Moon, and if people come to know Reverend Moon, they will stand in a position where they cannot let go, which is a principled conclusion. 
  God wants all things to go through Reverend Moon, and He wants sons and daughters to go through Reverend Moon as well. So, you also think, 'Ah, all things I have are for Reverend Moon, and my sons and daughters are here to receive the teacher's love.' It is the same principle. God wants to make it that way, and you also think that way. So, the Unification Church is going straight. You can also go straight through Reverend Moon. God can also go straight through Reverend Moon. It is the same thought. 
  As long as there is the path of God's love in such an organization, such a moving Unification Church cannot fail, which is an automatic conclusion. How wonderful is that? If it has developed so much while being persecuted, how much more will it develop if it is welcomed? Reverend Moon will rise vertically. If it was more than 45 degrees when opposed, it will rise vertically when welcomed. How about that? "Yes." If the time comes and you cross the peak where you can do that, you will reach a position where you cannot meet the teacher even if you want to. Many presidents in South America want to invite Reverend Moon to their countries. There are countries that notify they are preparing permanent residency. In the U.S., they are trying to deport him. 
  
204   
Ironically, history revolves around Reverend Moon, one to the left and one to the right. If it turns to the right, it will go to heaven; if it turns to the left, it will go to hell. Then, North and South America will conclude that one is on God's side and the other on Satan's side. The U.S. is in a position similar to Sodom and Gomorrah in Abraham's time. Just as God told Abraham, "Leave Sodom and Gomorrah!" if God tells Reverend Moon to leave with the poor Moonies, what will you do? "I will leave." 
In the vertical standard, there is an order of distinction between top and bottom, not equality 
  When the Israelites were to leave Egypt, the date was set, and even though they were notified three days in advance, those who were not prepared on that day all disappeared and died in Egypt. You must know that they all fell as sacrifices to the wrath of the Egyptians. How about that? 
  Today, the celebration of God's Day in 1983 might be the last centered on the teacher in America. If God commands, I will leave tonight. I am that kind of person. Do you feel good or bad? Even among those who were celebrating while the teacher was in America, if I notify that they cannot come to the country where I celebrate next, they will not be able to come. "Those who cannot celebrate? (Interpreter)" Even those who were gathered in such a position will absolutely not be able to come if the teacher says they cannot. So, qualify yourself on the world stage. 
  When you start studying in a school classroom, everyone is my teacher, my student, all the same, but after a year, you must know that there will be failures. At that time, the teacher will say, "I loved you, but I cannot help it. You must fall, and they must rise, and I must follow them. You cannot follow." You must know that you cannot go. Even if you fail and say the teacher is bad and friends are bad, it will not work. 
205 
It will all be thrown into the trash can. 
  "My face is beautiful. I was recognized as the most beautiful in my neighborhood, loved by my mother more than anyone, and I am an only child." It will not work. Beauty and handsome men will not work. That means, "I am the best citizen of America, the best citizen of the democratic world, and I have a background I am not ashamed of in the world, so why can't I pass?" It will not work. "I learned equality, I learned freedom, but..." If you do not know that the content of the freedom and equality ideology is different and think that what you know is the best, it will not work. 
  Equality is a horizontal standard, freedom is a horizontal standard. There cannot be equality in the vertical standard. You must know that there is a distinct order of distinction between top and bottom. History creates the horizontal centered on the vertical, but the vertical cannot be restrained. The American civilization, which claims to be a vertical civilization, will disappear, and without taking a horizontal life, there is no way to survive. 
  If there is a stick here, there must be a center to form a circle even if it rotates. How will it rotate without this? The center is not something you can do as you please. Can you decide the center and say, "Here it is"? The center is only one, one. Americans, listen carefully. It is impossible to say, "Mother this, mother that..." American women, know this clearly. 
For America to survive, it must listen to the Unification Church 
  However, when the vertical concept is involved here, it is not absolute equality. This center must conform here, and it must conform here... It must match everywhere. It must match 180 degrees, all here. Therefore, without going through this path, a sphere cannot be formed. There is no ideal, that is what it means. Can this center go here? Can it go? It cannot be equal. 
  
206   
Because God is love, He is injecting the vertical cultural sphere of Reverend Moon and the principle thought through heavenly reason into this horizontal cultural sphere of Western civilization. It is because of God's love to prevent America from perishing and to keep it alive. 
  In the eyes of Americans, they only see men and women. They do not know parents, they do not know siblings. They do not know people at all. Isn't that right? If this continues, it will perish. It will perish. Stop the nonsense and listen to Reverend Moon's words for America to survive. Reverend Moon will boldly advise even in front of congressmen. You don't want to hear my words, do you? If you don't want to hear them, you will die, die. If you go to the hospital and find out you have cancer, you don't want to die, do you, being a patient? If they say, "You have this disease," you don't like it, do you? Isn't it better to say you don't have the disease? A true doctor advises the patient, "You are a cancer patient." Is that bad? 
  Now, at the Washington rally or Madison Square Garden rally, "There is a fire in America, and firefighters are needed, but they must be called from abroad. That is Reverend Moon. There is a disease, and doctors must be brought in from abroad. That is Reverend Moon." How unpleasant must that have been? I am not doing this because I don't know. I am doing it because I know well and because I am mischievous. I am doing it to save you because I love you. I am doing it to save the world, but they say, "Reverend Moon, what kind of doctor are you? What kind of fireman are you? Aren't you Korean? Aren't you Asian? Aren't you from a country like a colony under the rule of white people, a Korean who is nothing?" 
  White people must repent, knowing how much weaker nations have been sacrificed and wronged in front of white people. Even white people who treat Reverend Moon, who leads millions in the Unification Church, with such contempt, how much more must they have persecuted nothing black people and weaker nations? Even Reverend Moon, who has such a global foundation, is treated like this, how much more must they have done to weaker nations without any foundation? 
  
207 
That is how God sees it. That is how Reverend Moon sees it, and that is how God sees it. You must humbly accept this advice and repent, repent. If you do not repent, what will happen? It will perish. You will see. It will surely perish. So, I, Reverend Moon, will leave this perishing land of America to avoid perishing together. 
  If you feel the sad fact and painful fact of sending me away in advance and make tenfold, a hundredfold efforts to save America, God will remember it. That is how it is. How sorrowful will you be on the day I leave? 
  I am not in America because I like the East Garden mansion, nor because I like the bread. I am not here to learn English from Americans, nothing at all. You must know that I have the ability to create something better than here wherever I am. You must know that I am staying with the meaning of trying to do my utmost until the end. Just like when it was reduced from fifty righteous people to five in Abraham's time. (Applause)
Let's renew our minds and make a resolution today 
  Now, the era when America can oppose Reverend Moon is passing. I will create a media and break down the American media. When I ordered over 200 people last year, "You will publish the Washington Times on March 1st!" no one believed it. Even Bo Hi Pak did not believe it, even Bo Hi Pak. 
  So, I gave him a scolding, "You rascal!" (Laughter) What would have happened if I hadn't done that? What was so urgent that we had to create the Washington Times here in New York and fly the original plates to Washington from midnight to 2 a.m.? Where are such madmen? It was because it was such an urgent matter. While 240 million American citizens were enjoying peaceful times, why did Moonies and Bo Hi Pak have to play such games? It was not because we had money. We invested money we didn't have. So, was it a good thing or a bad thing? "It was a good thing." 
  Although America is opposing, you must know that Reverend Moon is spending days of emergency. Reverend Moon always thinks it is an emergency. How about you? "The same." You are always complaining. God does not want that. How about you? This is a serious issue. Do you understand what I am saying? "Yes." It is a fact. So, think about how much you have been a mess in dealing with the teacher and God's will. How much of a mess you have been. 
  On such a day, on such a solemn day, you must renew your spirit and have a heart of determination to tighten your belt. You must resolve to go this path, seeing 1983 as the year. All the lines are connected to the power plant. Who will press this switch? You must know that this moment is accompanied by your decision and adventure. 
  Heaven cannot forgive the current situation throughout America, Reverend Moon himself cannot forgive it, and the perspective of the principle cannot forgive it. I am giving this advice and notification on God's Day to break through this current state and welcome a new path. You must know that this advice and notification was an extremely beautiful message. 
  I have given this message hoping that those of you who feel ashamed on this God's Day will become confident individuals who do not feel ashamed when welcoming the next God's Day. Pledging to achieve this before the 40-year period after liberation ends in 1984 or 1985 might be an opportunity for us to be blessed. How about that? "Yes." Those who are determined to decide at this time, raise your hands. Thank you. (Applause) *
May it be a good year
209 
 
  When a year begins like this, older people think, "Ah, I've aged another year!" Conversely, young people, teenagers, think, "Wow! I'm gaining another year!" and they like it. It is the opposite. Teenagers or those in their twenties, the youth, think, "Ah! It is good that the new year is coming!" They think, "It is good that the new year is coming." Those over sixty, —I will also enter that realm—those over sixty say they don't like the new year coming. 
Everyone wants to meet a better time 
  So, when you think about it like this, why do young people like the new year? And why do older people dislike the new year coming? Why do they dislike aging? And today's title is "May it be a good year," but isn't it a good year for young people but not for older people? 
  You think like this. When puberty comes, don't you enter an expanded world, a new world, a mysterious world? During puberty, eyes open to the opposite sex, and there is a longing for love. Isn't this a premise? But what happens to older people? As they age, don't they move away from all the scenes they used to love and long for? Isn't that the closest way to see it? 
  As you age, everything leaves. Children leave, everything leaves. As you age more and more. Some have their wives go first, and some have their husbands go first. So, life is said to be heading towards death. The teacher also did not think about death before his forties or fifties. Before the forties, he did not think about death. However, once you are over sixty, don't you naturally enter an environment where you can organize everything in life? 
  When you organize something, when you move something, if there is hope and an expanding world, organizing it becomes joyful, and preparing everything becomes joyful, but if you are heading towards despair, organizing or preparing everything is miserable. Youth is preparation, and old age is organization. When you look at a day, until noon, you are seeking from preparation, and after noon, you are organizing. 
  When the sun rises in the morning, until the morning, the shadow goes that way, that way. That is the east. So, the person on this side is advancing towards that side, the opposite side. (Pointing directions while speaking) In the morning, the sun rises from the east towards the west. The light is directed towards the west. 
  So, after the morning passes, it turns the other way. But it is not that the sun turns and shines. The sun shines while moving. 
  Therefore, when you look at it like this, it is the same in the spirit world. The east is central, so it is important. Why is it important? Because everything is heading towards it. However, the opposite west is weak because it shines on the western sky while moving. It is weak. That is why East Garden, why did they attach "East" to it? When you enter the issue of why it was attached, you can think, "Ah, it was attached because it is good that the direction of advancement is aligned like this!" 
  The same goes for young people. Why do young people like their youthful prime? Ultimately, what is it? It is also that youth advances with all directions. So, when do these teenagers reach saturation? The moment when the east and west face each other, that is the highest position. Then what is that? The moment of marriage is such a time. There is no path there, but when it shines, how does it shine? It shines vertically. Everything is vertical. Therefore, in the vertical position, there is no shadow. That position has shadows and does not have shadows. Shadows are not nonexistent but are there. They are there but not visible. 
The best time is when you can become one centered on love 
  When you look at it like this, the great universe must also be like that. For day and night to operate, one must rise, and one must fall. Waves also initially rise like this and fall like this. Then is it only good when rising and bad when falling, and is that the end? That is not it. When it continues, rising is good, and falling is good, and when it continues further, falling becomes better, such logic is formed here. 
  Everything is relative. Even in breathing... It is like that. Even when dancing, if you dance like this together, it is not fun. If you raise your hand like this, one should be high, and one should be low, that is it. Why? Why should it be like that? Because of the sine curve. Now, do you open your mouth countless times a day, or do you keep it closed? How is it? You don't know, but your mouth also has strength given and not given, like breathing. You are hearing that for the first time. (Laughing) 
212   
When you close your lips, do your teeth close together, or how is it? When you close your lips, do you bite your teeth tightly and close your lips, or do your teeth separate even when you close your lips? When you close your lips tightly, you either open your teeth or your tongue moves back. It is always opposite. Breathing also involves air becoming dense and sparse... Everything is like this. 
  When you look at such principles, how should we view youth and old age in our lives? You cannot cut it clearly, but... The setting sun is a sad sun, but the rising sun is a glorious sun. When it continues, it is not sad. From such a principle, youth and old age in life are like the dynamic rhythm of the universe. 
  When you look at it like this, if God exists among the existing materials, just like people, God would be the same. Then, when God and people exist, when is the noon when the two can meet? There will be such a time. There must be a place where heaven and earth can meet like this, without shadows. 
  Then what is it? There is a saying, "You are me, I am you." You are me, I am you. When two people who love each other become one without shadows, when they completely enter the position of emptiness, it is husband and me, me and husband. At noon, everything becomes bright. Only then can everything be completely illuminated from top to bottom. There are no shadows, no shadows. Through that brightness, they say, "Ah, everything is full, joyful, good, there is no ideal!" So, if humans and God stand in such a noon-like position in the universe and create a shadowless bright moment, how wonderful would that be? 
  Then what will happen? Will it stop, or what will happen? Huh? At that time, even if it goes down, it will not just go down, but the husband will stand in front, and the woman will also stand in front, and if they go like this, it will be wonderful. That means what? God rises, the earth rises, the husband rises, the wife rises. What is it centered on? "Love." Yes, it is centered on love. Isn't there nothing more than that? 
  Now, during youth, you eat whatever you want alone. You have no interest. As long as you eat, it's fine. But after marriage, you eat while watching. If they eat slowly over there, you can't just eat quickly and wait. You eat slowly, matching the rhythm. 
  That is how the principle of heaven and earth is. Why were women made shorter and men taller? One should look down and smile, and one should look up and smile. That is wonderful. That is wonderful. When you look at it like this, aging is not all bad. Can't we deduce such a concept through the laws of nature? 
To be happy, you must become someone who can be a partner in love 
  When you look at it like this, in the nature or essence of life, we are pursuing love as an ideal, but can human love alone fill everything to the extent that the vessel of the human heart, its essence, is made? Human love is like that... Then, if there is God's love, when do you receive God's love? Can you see God? "No." How do you receive the love of an invisible God? 
  When you look at it like this, "Ah, to become a partner of the invisible God, the subject of love, I must also become an invisible person." You must think like this. How do you become an invisible person? How can you move from the visible side to the invisible side, how can you go? This is a big research topic. There is definitely an X-ray path. You must go like this and then like this, there is an opposite path. A great transformation must occur. 
  What is that? Ah! For a transformation to occur, you must forget this world and connect to a new world. This is the story. The time when it changes is when you face death. How wonderful is that? So, when you pass through the gate of death, you transform from a visible body to an invisible body. Don't you want to become that once? Then why should you become that? To create an invisible body and enjoy a higher dimension of love through that body. Then, if I become an invisible person and become friends with the invisible God through love, what do you think will happen?
Now, at such a time, if God is dual characteristics, imagine that I also become one with a wife who possesses dual characteristics and become one with God. How close is the husband, and how close is the wife? When you look at it that way, if the form of a man and a woman becoming one resembles God, how wonderful would that be? At that time, what happens? The man goes inside, and the woman comes out, how about that?

When we say God is a masculine subject, God, being a masculine subject, would also like feminine sensations. At that time, the man becomes like a bone, and the woman becomes like flesh. There is a bone within the flesh. When a man touches a woman's flesh, does he think, 'Oh, the woman's bones are really soft'? He doesn't even think about the bones. He says, 'Oh, the flesh is really nice!'

Now, these days, I think it's strange that all American women are on a diet. They like flesh attached to bones. They say they want to become women who only have skin attached to bones, feeling only the bones. Well, isn't it because Americans are strong on egalitarianism, and because men dominate everything, that it has become like that? I think it's because the natural order is like that. So, men shouldn't like such women. Men should dislike such women.

So, men don't like such women, right? Saying you want to become a woman who only has bones left means 'I want to become a woman whom men don't like.' So, there will be no man who wants to live forever with a skinny woman. Women need to have a cushion from the buttocks, a cushion. (Laughter) Even when making love, a cushion is necessary. What kind of love is it sitting on a wooden barrel? (Laughter) Why? Is it fun? (Laughter) I'm telling the truth. If a woman is too skinny, blessings and virtues don't follow, that's how I see it.

Blessings are about sitting in one place and trying to expand the territory. So, you can't sit long with a thin person. They're always just running around. Women with big buttocks can sit down, and that's how it works. Look. Women should have big chests, a thin waist, and small hips. Where is the logic in that? (Laughter)

Look at places like Korea. All the clothes are like that. (Demonstrating) That's why women should be plump. In the past, women used to put cotton in their clothes. (Laughter) The skirt was a twelve-panel skirt. Men could come in from the cold and take a nap under the skirt. (Laughter) The husband could go in, and the children could go in and take a nap. The mother would guard them, how wonderful is that? (Laughter)

Now, would it be fun if the children or the husband found no flesh on the woman's buttocks? They should touch the flesh and say, 'Oh, it's nice, it's nice.' Would it be good if they touched it and said, 'Oh, it's a wooden log'? That's why women need to have big buttocks. If the hips are big and the waist is thin, it matches. If the waist is thin and the hips are small, what is that? It's unbalanced, unbalanced.

Men's flesh is firm. Women's flesh is soft, but men's flesh is firm. Men already have flesh like bones. That's how it is. Why is that? Because women are soft, men need to be hard. That touch is good. So, the strong and the soft need to combine. That's the logic.

When I stopped by Holland, I asked at the diamond mine, 'What do you use to cut diamonds? It's the hardest thing.' 'You have to cut it with something harder.' That's just words. What do they use to cut it? They use a copper grinder. That's the logic. And what do they make the medal-like thing on the rotating shaft with? They don't make it with something hard. They make it with something as soft as possible. Do you know that? The logic of heaven and earth is like that. That's why Unification Church women, do you like skinny or plump? "Plump is good."

Now, if I keep talking like this... Well, it's a good day, a good year. You need to have a good time to have a good day, and having a good day creates a good month. And having a good month creates a good year. So, even if the teacher talks about something else, it's fun, isn't it? It's good, right? You all don't think about 'Why do you like the East?' It's a simple issue, but you don't think about it. 'Well, it's the East, so it's good!' you say. Now, what the teacher said fits perfectly, doesn't it?

While living in this world, we must prepare to go to the original world of love.

Now, looking at this, we must prepare to cross the boundary line to move from the visible age of the human world to the invisible age, so when you get older, you develop forgetfulness. Is forgetfulness a good thing or a bad thing? 'Aha, it's a good phenomenon!' such a logic arises.

Also, you can't see, you can't see. Why does the eye become like this? It's to replace the visible eye with the invisible eye, how wonderful is that? Now, teeth fall out. When you get older, teeth fall out. Oh, how despairing! Because it disappears from the visible body. That's also to change into an invisible form, how wonderful is that.

As you age, you become simpler, simpler. What happens if it's complicated? You cut all the strings and return to being a baby. It becomes simple. The baby of the past, when it was born into the world, was born to meet the horizontal noon, but now this baby is born anew to meet the three-dimensional God. How wonderful is that? It means going from a flat world to a three-dimensional world. Now, when I die, I am reborn to have three-dimensional hope! How wonderful is that?

Men and women become one and head towards a three-dimensional world. That's how you enter the spirit world. Becoming dual characteristics, advancing towards the noon of love, centering on the three-dimensional dual characteristics of God! How wonderful is that? Starting towards a new adolescence. Three-dimensional teenagers! (Laughter) How wonderful that is. "Amen." Looking at it this way, if you don't die, you can't reach such a world, so I must die!

Now, were you born because you wanted to be born? Whose prank made it this way? Whose prank is it? Even last New Year's Day, I said, in the womb, with an umbilical cord and a navel, when this bursts, you die, you all die. At first, you were born from your mother's womb, but now you must be born from the universal womb.

In the past, you lived alone in your mother's womb, but now in the universal womb, men and women grow up liking each other. That's a couple. Now, what do you suck? You suck love. In your mother's womb, your mother gives you all her flesh and feeds you everything. 'Aha, the second stage of my love's substance is born,' so she tries to give everything. The universe is the same. 'Aha, since a higher-dimensional substance of love is born inside, let's give!' It's the same.

Then why must you marry? Because God has dual characteristics, you must tie the phenomena of two worlds to match those dual characteristics. Aha, in the process of the universe's development, the development of human love ideals, marriage was a necessary condition!

Now, when you were in the womb, you drank water through your navel, not using your nose. Where do you breathe from? The umbilical cord. Not through the nose. When does this change? It's the same. We are now in the air of this world. In the air, what are we eating? We are eating love. We are eating love through the umbilical cord.

Therefore, just like breathing in water, we are in the air, breathing the breath of love through a lifeline like an umbilical cord. Just like breathing air through the nose, you must breathe a higher-dimensional love in the womb of the universe. Just like changing from a life of eating through the umbilical cord to a life of eating through the nose, you must change to the essence of love. It's the same. Just as you prepared to go from the womb to the world of air, you must prepare to go from the world of air to the original world of love. It's the same.

So, when you go to the spirit world, what happens when men and women unite? Men have two nostrils, and women have two nostrils, so does God's form have four nostrils? If men and women are God's children, they should have two nostrils, not four. How about that? "……" There are two nostrils, what's there to ask?

Life is a journey to find the highest love.

Then what will happen? The two become one person. They become a well-harmonized type, where the man's nose will mainly be the right nostril, and the woman's nose will mainly be the left nostril, becoming one nose. So, if you don't achieve perfect harmony with love on earth, your eyes will be crooked, your nose will be crooked... (Demonstrating. Laughter) If you make a hand, if you make a woman like a man, if the top is a man, then here is a woman, and here the flesh will be soft, and here it will be stiff, if here is stiff, here will be soft... Won't you become such a person? What's the fun in that? If God's mask is a man's form, would you like that? (Laughing) If God is a man's form, would you like that? (Laughing) One nostril is a man's, one is a woman's, half a mouth is a man's, half is a woman's, would God like something not harmonized?

Now, when you think about it, when humans resemble God's form and bind each other as counterparts through love on this earth, should you marry once or twice? "Once." Why were humans created? As objects of God's love. The conclusion that God also needed love and created all things cannot be denied.

Where does perfect love that God can love come from? It starts from the earthly couple. Ah, that's really wonderful. So, the day of marriage is a happy day. So, why do young teenagers like puberty? They like it because they want to quickly enter the position of love. Similarly, when we go from the first dimension to the second, third-dimensional world, through death, becoming an invisible body from a visible body, the path of death can only be a path of joy.

Now, when a balanced man and woman are bound by love, and this becomes one, when it collides with the vertical love of God and becomes one, what will happen to heaven and earth? How will it move? At that time, in the Unification Church way, they will shout 'Hurrah!' (Demonstrating. Applause) At that time, it won't be 'Father, hurrah!' but 'Love, hurrah!' (When the interpreter says 'Father, hurrah')

Looking at it this way, aha, that's why men and women had to be made this way, and marriage to bind the flat world was necessary, and when married people die, they must hold onto each other and go. You realize that. Meeting a new vertical adolescence and advancing towards the vertical love subject, the noon of love, this journey of life, how amazing is it? The process of marriage is a gateway to change. How wonderful is that?

So, when God and humans meet and create a bright heaven without shadows, that place is the heavenly kingdom. It's not hell, but heaven. Even the earth, one of the materials, always revolves around noon. How much more so for humans, who represent the universe and love, is there not an ideal state like noon? Unless God's love was powerless... The conclusion that such a noon point is necessary is extremely theoretical. Now, don't you have any interest? Do you need a process to change from a visible body to an invisible body? "We need it."

Therefore, sacrificing for love allows you to exist eternally, so you place the standard of all values of life there. A person who sacrifices for parents is called a filial child, a person who sacrifices for the country is called a loyal subject, a person who sacrifices for the world is called a saint, and a person who sacrifices for God is called God's son or daughter. That is, a person who loves and sacrifices for the world becomes a saint, and a person who loves and sacrifices for God becomes God's son or daughter. All laws are love, love. Why is that? Because it is a world preparing for the world of love, it is inevitable.

Our American girls, do you want to live for your husband, or do you want to die? (Laughter) Do you want to live centered on love, or do you want to die centered on love? Which one is it? "Both." You're too greedy. (Laughter) If it's only one thing? (Laughter) Look. Therefore, a person who says they want to live may lose, but a person who says they want to die centered on love possesses eternally, you must know this. Eternally! Therefore, the Bible says, 'He who seeks to save his life will lose it, and he who loses his life for my sake will find it,' this logic applies. When you say you want to live, how do you live? You live wanting to be loved. That is close to wanting to be loved, and saying you want to die is close to giving love. Therefore, giving is connected to eternity. So, do you want to die for your husband, or do you want to live? "I want to die." (Laughter)

Wow! When American women change like this, where else in the world is there such a revolution? Reverend Moon was criticized, but from a position where they all wanted to live saying 'Love me, love me,' they now say they want to die for their husbands, what a wonderful revolution has been brought about. Saying they want to do it for men, how great is that! (Applause) Now, you men, you thieves, what about you? What do you want to do? Therefore, why do you seek love that promotes death? Because without going through death, you can't go to the invisible world.

Making eternal and perfect love the goal of life.

Then what is the highest motto on earth? It is to make people who can die for love. That is the motto. Making people who can die for love, die for their husbands, die for their country. Dying like that is fulfilling the purpose of love. So, when you enter the invisible state from the visible state, you pass completely. You pass anytime. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes."

Now, hearing such words at the beginning of the year, does it feel good or bad? "It feels good." Reverend Moon says, 'Hey, you bastards! Die, die, die!' Why is that? Why? For money? For knowledge? For what? For love. For the universe. Then everything is okay. Everything is completed.

Let's say all the American women who said they wouldn't get married were kicked and punched by their parents, saying 'You damn girl, why won't you get married?' and were forcibly married off. After meeting a loving husband and knowing love, would they say, 'Oh, my mom did well. Dad did well!' or 'Oh, my parents did wrong!'? What do you think? It's the same.

Whether I do it forcibly or not, making them go to a higher dimension of love is good for the person involved and good for the one who did it, you must know this. How about that attitude? "It's good." Good, bad? "It's good." Thank you! (Laughter. Applause)

So, going back to the earlier story, a new year coming is good for young people, but it's also good for the older Reverend Moon. (Applause) Living life to cross the bridge of love, how wonderful is that! This statement is logically correct. It's logically correct. You all just sit and think 'The teacher is saying something interesting!' but it's not just interesting. It's a tremendous story. You must know that.

Now, when older people come and hear these words, will their mouths go 'Hee—!' or not? If it's really like that, how good would it be? (Laughter. Applause) This year is a good year. This year is a good year. 'May it be a good year!' For it to be a good year, there must be content that can be good, right? You must know that you have such wonderful content of love. When you know that you are going on the path of life with such thoughts, how valuable is life? How rewarding is it?

With such a perspective, when I look at the universe through my senses, how wonderful is it? My eyes have become eyes that long for eternal and perfect love, my ears have become ears that can hear eternal words of love, my nose has become a nose that can smell eternal love, and my mouth has become a mouth that can kiss an eternal love partner, who is the subject? It is God. And when embracing, whose chest will touch first, the woman's or the man's? The woman's, the woman. (Laughter)

Looking at it physiologically, God is a very wonderful gentleman. He is a doctor of physiology and a wonderful scientist. Why? Because the woman's love organ is deeper inside, and the man's is outside, it's all relative. I think that way. It's a really wonderful God. When you see how scientifically it is made, the thought that God doesn't exist cannot even be dreamed of.

A woman's breast is a symbol of love but also a source of life, a source of life. How much? All flesh is the same flesh, but breast flesh comes out—comes out with a different color. What does that mean? It means to focus all attention there! To focus means to concentrate all interest there. That's why when men see a woman's body, they first look at the breasts. (Laughing) I shouldn't say this, but. (Laughter) It's very captivating and mysterious. I don't know well, but it should be that way. (Laughter)

Now, why does white come out of the breast? What is the color of the milk? It's milky, right? Then what about the milk of black women? Everything is black. (Laughter) When milk comes out of a black woman, it seems more stimulating and captivating. When white milk comes out of a white woman, it doesn't matter, but when white milk comes out of a black woman, how captivating is it! Then why is the milk that color? Ah, it's because of black women. God made it that way to be fair. When you think that way, you can answer that it seems like that. What time is it? Talking about this, you don't know how time flies... Isn't it fun? (Laughter)

Human death is a gateway to a more complete world of love.

Now, looking at it this way, although we haven't realized it, in terms of concept or thought, the fact that 'death' is just a gateway to a joyful world is an amazing discovery. Now, Park Bo-hee's hair has turned gray, is it regretful? But it is a warning that change must happen. (Laughter)

With such a way of thinking, knowing that changing from a visible body to an invisible body is a serious truth, if there is someone who thinks about it, how wonderful would the scene of death be? Becoming an invisible body, do you need a jet? A jet? Do you need Columbia 2 or something like that? Do you need an artificial satellite? "No." From the world that interfered with time and space to a free world... The earth is too small! From here, if there are two satellites in the solar system, you can already go back and forth in an instant. The entire universe becomes an activity stage.

If you look at cells, each cell is like a star. If you look at the body, the distance between cells is like the distance between stars. Now, Park Bo-hee, when you 'swoosh—' you already know. Isn't that right? So, the universe is like one body, one body. I want to visit the diamond star world once. How about that? There might also be a golden star world. Among billions of stars, what star wouldn't there be? When I say 'That's mine!' how rich am I? (Laughter) To be able to build all this with love, how wonderful is that?

Now, if this universe moves, what does it move around? Love. When the center of the universe, love, moves, this universe also moves. The counterpart of the universe's love is God, and God's counterpart is me, so I am God, and when I move, God moves, and when God moves, this universe moves. It's the same logic.

Thinking this way, what is the omnipotent king? "Love..." Huh? At that time, you must answer that it is Almighty Love. The one who possesses perfect love can dominate kings, all knowledge, power, and all gold. How wonderful is that? No matter how arrogant a beauty is, when you bring almighty love, she will say, 'Oh, I love you!' Her eyes will smile, her nose will smile 'Hehehe,' and she will smile because she likes it.

All these organs move three-dimensionally because of almighty love, God's love. Only by this can the entire whole move 100 percent. How loud is the sound of that movement? It is the largest sound in the universe, but it is not the most unpleasant sound, it is the most pleasant sound. How wonderful is that? How is that state? It is truly excellent! (Applause) Now, do you understand? Then that concept... For 1983 to be a good year, your mind itself must be good. Your thoughts themselves, the foundation must be good. Otherwise, no matter what, it won't be a good year. You must be a good man, a good man.

You must become a person who sacrifices for the whole, centered on true love.

Then what is a good man? A person who doesn't live for themselves but lives with a spirit of sacrifice for the whole, with a spirit of love. Now, when I focus and observe, those eyes must be good eyes that see centered on love.
Even when someone just hates me, I should say, 'I am looking with the eyes of love.' 
  So, what should I do? My eyes should become more compassionate. Of course, when looking at good people, but also when looking at bad people, I should be able to add a step of compassion and love to my heart and look at them. True love can digest even evil and bad things. It can move them. It has such power. Do you understand? From this moment on, I must change my eyes to see in that way. I must change my eyes centered on love at this time. I've changed them!
  The nose is the same. Even if there is a bad smell, it should be a nose that can digest it all. We should live a life where the nose can always smell something pleasant. Therefore, with a heart centered on love, we must control the smell and absorb it as a smell that can be digested with love. Then, young people will truly enjoy accepting and caring for their grandparents when they are old and bedridden. If young people become like that, they are excellent young men and women. 
  Just as my parents cleaned up my mess with love when I was a child without any thought, young people can be considered filial if they can clean up for their parents with love, without any thought, and with joy. How beautiful it is. It's about giving and receiving. Therefore, cleaning up after the elderly is something teenagers should do, don't you think? "Yes."
  The reason America could become a country on the brink of collapse is that teenagers left their homes, but if there is a way for America to survive, it is by transforming into a movement where teenagers go to nursing homes and enjoy taking care of their grandparents. In such a time, America will develop infinitely and prosper infinitely. They will learn here that 'the oldest grandfather is God, and because I love God eternally, I learn the way to love God eternally.' How wonderful is that!
  In the future, when the Unification Church has a nation, even if there is any economic activity, if everyone wants to do it, there won't be anyone to do it, right? At such times, it would be good for young people to go to nursing homes and become friends with the elderly. Then that nation will not perish. Let's conclude that moving the five senses centered on true love is the highest ideal operation. "Yes." 'Yes' is also the truth.
  From this time on, think like that. When speaking, speak words of love, and when smelling, smell the scent of love. Otherwise, don't smell at all. If you don't like the smell, don't breathe. Then, in less than a minute, you'll say, 'I surrender! I surrender! I like it!' You have to train for that. Eyes too. Let's move the five senses centered on love!
  When going somewhere, go because of love, and when working, work because of love. If you live like this, you will be a person without illness. Because the natural principle does it ideally, all germs will protect such a person, I see it that way. Germs also like love. They like to protect love. Therefore, before God, all germs and all bad things surrender. Why? Because of true love. It's the same principle. Everyone likes God. Before God, everything surrenders. Why? Because of true love.
Humans are meant to exist for others
  Everyone, no matter how terrible a woman is, do you like to control her, or do you like to be controlled by true love? Love is an element of conquest. It has the essence of conquest. You need to know that. Our women, married women, will know that. Do you like it when your loving husband hugs you tightly, or do you like it when he just stands still? "The first one." What is love? True love has subjectivity. Do you understand? "Yes." That's how it is. What is dictatorship? It's not true love but false love. The direction is different.
  I like a real dictator. Then who is the real dictator? It is God. So, what is the essence of subjectivity? It is the essence of love's subjectivity. If you control your eyes with true love, your eyes will always be good. You want to control people, don't you? With what? With power? With money? With knowledge? "No." We control everything with love. Therefore, because we have the real dictatorial power of love, we can even control God. We can command. How wonderful is that?
  You all have dictatorial power. Right? What is that? It's the essence of love, but you don't know it. No one knows that there is dictatorial power in the essence of love. When love expands from living for others, it all starts from there.
  So, did eyes come into being for me or for others? "For others." If they were for me, the eyes should look at me, but they look out. (Laughter) Did the nose come into being for me or for others? If it were for me, it would sniff itself, right? (Demonstrating action) How is it? It sniffs for others, right? It was created for others. And the ears were also created for others.
  It's the same with speech. Do you talk to yourself? Talking to oneself is crazy. (Laughter) You speak because of others. Hands are the same. Touch is ultimately like that. So, why do we do it for others? It's because of the love that comes from others. It's perfectly logical. Love doesn't come from me but from others, so all five senses are bound to act toward others.
  Then what about God's eyes? Are God's eyes the opposite of ours? "The same." Yes. God didn't create them to see Himself but to see others. God also acts for the functioning of those five senses. When both people and God live for others, they both revolve. 
  When revolving, what do you want to revolve around? You want to revolve around true love. This is the fundamental of the universe. Is that wrong or right? "Right." If both men and women want to receive, what happens? If both want to receive, they have to face each other like this. That's because they both want to control. The existence of the universe is about giving and receiving. Because giving and receiving is the principle, the one who gives first is the subject. The one who gives first is the subject.
  What is Abel? The one who tries to give first is Abel. You need to know this. When I give orders to the leaders of the Unification Church, they say, 'Oh, I'm Abel, so you should give to me! Live for me!' These scoundrels. These guys with big heads. Leaders must give. Especially the wives of leaders must give even if they have to cut their flesh. They must give to their husbands even if they have to cut their bones.
  It's like the communion in Christianity. The wine and bread there symbolize that. All these scoundrels say, 'Live for me, live for me!' There can be no development in front of such leaders. All the people sitting in these chairs must repent. They must repent.
  Now, I will make you servants. How about it? From this year, in this good year, I will make the leaders servants. How do you feel? "…" Sad or happy? What do you think? Which one is it? "Happy." Happy or sad? "Happy." How about you, Bo Hi Pak? "Good. Good." If I start fundraising for Bo Hi Pak from today, how about it? "I will do it." (Applause) Hmm... It's a great event. "Thank you, Father." That's good. That's good.
The only power that can unite top and bottom is the power of love
  I'm the same. Even though I'm known as the leader of the Unification Church, I don't think like that. Wherever I go, I can transform into anything. Do you understand? "Yes." It's good for the leader to be good and to be governed by the leader. It's good to govern and to be governed. If you win on earth, you will win in heaven. Especially in a fallen world, you cannot survive without liking both.
  Is it good or bad for something high to come down? What is below must rise. It must revolve. The right side must go to the left, and the left side must go to the right. This is impossible with the structure of a power organization. It is possible with the law of love.
  When you are young, your parents govern you, but when you grow old, your children govern you. Is that right or not? "It is." Why is that? It's the principle of heaven and earth. Therefore, the leaders of Europe who have been in high positions must be made into people who can serve those who speak loudly from high positions. How about it? Is it good or bad? "Good." Hmm? "Good." It's the first clear answer I've heard this year. So, what about us? "Great!" (Laughter. Applause)
  Everything is about giving and receiving. How good is the environment where high and low people give and receive? That's why it's good. Isn't that right? So, you must know that maintaining such a good environment, whether young or old, is not an unhappy person.
  At your age, you will know yourself well. How much have I lived for others in my life? Think about it. When American women go to the market, do they buy their things first or their husband's things first? Let's leave out the children and talk about the husband and women. "The husband." (Laughter) Is that true? I don't think so.
  American women buy their things first, and if there's money left, they think, 'Should I buy something for my husband or not? I'll buy it next time.' (Laughter) Is that true? "No." You say no, but there's a tendency, right? "Yes." But Eastern women never do that. They buy their husband's things first, then their children's, and don't buy their own. How beautiful.
  Therefore, it's natural for American men to say they won't marry American women in the future. It's an inevitable result of this phenomenon. 'Ah! I will marry an Eastern woman' is an inevitable result of this.
  Why did the trend of free sex arise in Christian America? When you look at men and women, women are self-centered, and men are inherently dominant. Men are inherently dominant. Men are plus types, right? Men are plus types, but in America, women have also become plus types. When you overlap this, it repels. So, it's only in the sexual field that the form is minus. And then it separates.
  Men have dominance, so they try to dominate women, but if they try to dominate a little, American women say no. This needs to be corrected. The bad trends in America are all caused by women. This conclusion comes to women. In the future, I will have to campaign to completely deny the law that divides property in divorce initiated by women. How about it? Now, when you divorce, the man has to divide all the property. They divide all the man's property, right? That is doubling the divorce rate in America and is being used as a bad means to make money. Don't you think so?
  Married women's savings accounts should be in their husband's hands.... All should be deposited with the husband! This will significantly reduce the divorce rate. Married women should not have separate savings accounts but deposit everything with their husbands. (Laughter) But having that is the problem. That's why American women will hate me. But I can't help it. But while they hate, they will perish, and I will win while being hated.
  Now that you have become Moonies, you must completely clear the mindset of American women. Only then will you be comfortable. You must think not of yourself but of living for your husband. In a good year, you become a good person. In the end, it's about being a person who lives for others.
Living for your husband and family is living for heaven and earth
  So, in the future, if I tell the blessed women in America to bring their savings accounts to me, will you bring them or not? "I will bring them." That's good news. (Laughter) So, what will I do? I will take the money from there and give it to the husband. I won't take it but give it to the husband. Then, if you want to ask for it, ask me. I gave it, not you. You can't ask for it. Also, the savings I received, not from you women. How about it? Is it right?
  So, your husband will like it, your children will like it, and eventually, the household will improve, so how good is that? You will also like it. So, keep saving. Keep saving. I will give an order someday. 'American women, bring all your savings accounts!' I promised today, right? Today, January 2, 1983, I promised. Is there any objection? If anyone has an objection, raise your hand now. Raise your hand now? No? I can believe that, right? "Yes." Thank you! (Laughter)
  By living in such an environment, living for your husband and family is living for the nation. Living for the nation is living for the world, living for the world is living for heaven and earth, and living for heaven and earth is living for God. That's where the sprout starts. A new sprout emerges. Then, even if the husband doesn't want it, it will naturally happen.
  In American families, men can't do anything against women and listen to them well, right? Right? American women make a fuss if their husband doesn't call within 30 minutes of the time he should be home. (Laughter) It's true. In such homes, I should go and remove the phone. How about it? Even if I have to do that, it needs to be educated. People who keep watching TV should have their necks twisted. It's the same. Proper education is necessary. I have a responsibility to educate you. Right? The blessed families, I mean. Do you understand? "Yes."
  It's simple. Ah, I was born to live for others. Did the love organs that women have come into being for themselves? They were born for their husbands, so they must go to their husbands. Men, too, were they born with a protrusion for themselves or for women? It's the truth. The truth. Because it's good to give and receive, it becomes love.
  It's an action that must be done forever. Do you think so? "Yes." It's the truth of the universe. There's no reason. You must follow that law. So, if you organize all these thoughts this year, it will undoubtedly be a good year. Dangerous and difficult things are not absolutely bad. They become historical materials.
  What is dangerous is that avoiding it is dangerous. Then, when it comes down in order, it becomes ideal. When something high becomes higher, it is ideal. (Explaining while writing on the board) The universe moves like this. You want to get higher and higher, right? "Yes." But you can't jump here. You must go through this process to jump. When you climb a mountain peak, there are several peaks. Oh, when you get there, there's another high peak. Can you jump? You can't jump. Even if you don't like it, you have to find the deep valley to climb higher. That's the principle.
  So, as I said earlier, when it comes to men and women, why is it higher when they are together than when they are alone? This is the problem. Why is it necessary? You need to know that. It is absolutely necessary to go to a higher place. If you roll alone, you grow this much, but if you do it together, you grow this much. The bigger it is, the more it becomes the opposite. Why do you go fast? What will you do when you go fast? You go fast because you want to go up high. Then, the cosmic action that allows you to escape freely from the deep valley is the action of love.
  Then, when the couple comes up together, there are parents and children at the high place. How fast will it be when four people do it there? Do you like it when there are few or many Unification Church members? "Many." If there are many, you have to give to all of them, but how much capital will it take? How much will it take? When will you manage so many?
  Then, do parents like it when they have many children or few? "Many." Do you like many? "Yes." Is it true? "Yes." Even women? "Yes." But why do American women hate having children? They don't want to sacrifice.
When you give completely, a complete core of love is formed
  Sending all the Unification Church members to different places makes Reverend Moon's suffering immense, doesn't it? Is that true or not? The world representatives of the Unification Church, having many ragged ones, must be exhausting for Reverend Moon, the leader, right? It's extreme suffering. It's proportional sacrifice. But even though the sacrifice doubles, the only way to overcome it and go with joy is through true love. You need to know this, true love. Do you understand?
  Now, this is the peak, but if many people become one and roll down, how high will they go? Now, the East and West of the world are pulling, but it's difficult to turn. It's not easy. People these days don't know this concept and think that having many is good. They think it goes like this. It's not. It doesn't go like that; there's a principle that it goes like this. You must know that this is being demanded. (Pointing to what he wrote on the board)
  Therefore, how should the organization structure of the Unification Church be made in the future? After 7 years, all leaders go to the position of servants, and those in the position of servants can rise to the position of leaders. This conclusion comes out. If it takes 7 years to go up, it takes 7 years to go down, and then 7 years to go up again, so it's 21 years. Three sevens are twenty-one (3×7=21).
  Then why is three sevens twenty-one (3×7=21) necessary? This is 7 years, going down is 7 years, and going up again is 7 years. Three seven-year courses, that's how it is. (Explaining while writing on the board) The hardest part of climbing a mountain is the 7th part of the slope. Those who surpass the 7th part of the slope are bound to climb the 10th part. Have you climbed a mountain, Dr. Yoon? Up to the 7th part is difficult, right? Once you reach there, even if you die, you will climb to the end. (Laughing)
  Today's title is 'May It Be a Good Year,' and why is it a good year? When you add all these one, two, three, four (1983), it becomes twenty-one. (Laughing) Today, I said this. You must overcome death and love everything. Then it connects. So, when you try to give with love, you will surely become one. When you try to give to each other, a complete core is formed. Here, a seed, a core of love, is formed. You need to know this.
  Why do you have to give? When you give completely, a core of love is formed. You need to know that an eternal core that doesn't melt is formed. Then how did the core form? You keep giving and want to give more, so the vertical love of heaven intervenes. If the core can revolve eternally at one point, it's enough. You must find that. It shouldn't be like this; it should be one point. Even if it moves, the core is formed.
  Then why does the core form? At this time, the vertical love of heaven intervenes before these two people of the universe. Because it is a place where the perfect plus of the universe and the minus love of the earth can unite, the core is formed. Because a central point is formed at one point, an eternal vertical love of heaven intervenes, creating a core, the source of life.
  Therefore, when you conceive, men and women should do it in the happiest place. Only then will you give birth to excellent children. It's the same. Because of the fall, such a core of love was not formed. Therefore, it's like a chestnut burr without a nut. A chestnut burr without a nut. Do you understand?
  Then why do you have to give? Why do you keep giving and giving? If you keep giving and giving, a core is formed here. This is the core. So, why do you have to give? To find the core. To determine eternal existence, you are told to give.
  If families try to give to each other, a family core is formed. If tribes try to give to each other, a tribal core is formed. If nations try to give to each other, a national core is formed. If the universe tries to give to each other, a universal core is formed. It's the same principle.
When you sacrifice yourself for something greater, the world of love expands
  Is there a core in the historical tradition of America? The American government boasts of its money and technology as its core. That's not it. That's not it at all. Reverend Moon says, 'Let's boast of the love that can move the universe from the American spirit!' You need to know that. To take this away, to eliminate it, you must keep...
It's about giving more from the principle of giving. Then it becomes a stronger core, and it never becomes harmful. It doesn't move. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."  
Therefore, from such a principle, we are trying to unite with horizontal people. Why do we try to unite even though it is more difficult? It is to easily overcome high mountains and deep valleys.  
To do so, one must sacrifice oneself. It is impossible to go in a way that benefits both oneself and the larger entity. You cannot stand in a position that benefits yourself and also go in a position that benefits the larger entity. Both must sacrifice. Then, which is eternal? Creating a large mass is eternal, but creating a small mass is not. You should desire the core of love, but more than the core of an individual, you should desire the core of a family, more than the core of a family, the core of a nation, and more than the core of a nation, the core of the world.  

237  
Then the individual becomes more and more surrounded. As the individual becomes more surrounded, it becomes absolutely safe. Because it is absolutely safe, it keeps growing. What do we do by doing so? We become a minus in front of the perfect plus of the cosmic God. Thus, by completely giving and receiving, we create an ideal world of cores. From there, the earthly kingdom of heaven begins. (Applause) When you think like this, how foolish it has been to live for oneself until now? How foolish, how crazy, and how monstrous it is?  
The year 1983 is the 21st year, and like the number 21, we must climb through higher valleys. No matter how high Bohee Park is, it will fail that way. There must be a mindset to quickly go down into the low valley from the high place and then climb up. Don't think about being a branch manager in Europe several times or being a church leader. You must know how to go down. Even ordinary people don't like it when they are given responsibility and then all the responsibility is taken away and they are sent elsewhere.  
Therefore, sacrificing for the tribe is greater than sacrificing for the family, sacrificing for the people is greater than sacrificing for the tribe, sacrificing for the nation is greater than sacrificing for the people, and sacrificing for the world is greater than sacrificing for the nation. The world of love grows larger and larger. Therefore, in 1983, the teacher thinks that the organizational system of America must be drastically changed. How about it? You think you are going down, but that's not going down. When a high person reaches the bottom, even if you tell them not to go up, they go up. Going up is not the only good thing.  
Today, those who only wish to go up in the earthly world are going to hell. Those who are good at going down as well as going up are going to heaven. So, this year, we must go that way. How about it? "It's good!" Are you thinking of hearing good words this year? Don't think about hearing good words. In a public position, think that it would be good for me to be cursed by the people of the world every day.  
Just before the fall, God said, 'Don't do it!' and Satan said, 'Do it!' There was a contradiction. Then, are you on Satan's side or God's side? "God's side." I don't think so. You are not on God's side. You are on your way to God's side. Is it true? "Yes." Don't make a decision. That means you are in contact with Satan's side. Being in contact means it has almost become like that. Is the teacher's word right or wrong? "It's right." You said it's right, didn't you? Then, whose side are you on? "Satan's side." Satan's side (laughter). Satan tries to do what God dislikes and dislikes what God likes.  
You can get closer to God by going the way your body dislikes.  

So, if you are on Satan's side here, don't like what Satan likes and go the opposite way to do what God likes. What is Satan? It's asserting oneself. It's thinking of making oneself the center. Then comes arrogance. Then, it removes what doesn't fit its will.  
So, if I want to stand on God's side, when I like to sleep, I must fight against sleep, saying, 'You Satan, you sleep!' Satan wants to play and eat, likes free things. It's the opposite. 'I will work hard and get paid. Even if I work hard, I won't get paid!' You must do that. You are on Satan's side, and Satan likes people who praise him. You must say, 'I won't go to people who praise me, but I will go to people who curse and oppose me.' It's the opposite.  
My body just wants to wear good clothes and be comfortable, but my mind should say, 'I will wear bad clothes and just suffer.' Even if I am beautiful, I shouldn't think of showing off on Broadway. I should think of going to the bottom. It's all the opposite.  
And then proposing and wanting to date. Moonies shouldn't date. Women shouldn't walk side by side with men.  

239  
Women shouldn't even shake hands with men. In Satan's world, if there are pretty women, passing men all want to shake hands. (Laughter) At five o'clock on Sunday morning, even today at five in the morning, a third didn't come out. 'Sleep a little more, sleep more!' Those are Satan's side people. You must do the exact opposite, the exact opposite. Do you understand?  
So, since you are on Satan's side, absolutely deny what you like and absolutely affirm what you dislike, and that's the way to go to the kingdom of heaven. Therefore, what people on Satan's side say, 'Do something for me!' Reverend Moon, as God's side, must absolutely not listen to that.  
Even though I talked all day yesterday, why are you sitting here for hours this morning? How many hours has it been, how many hours? Three hours. It's already been three hours. Normally, the teacher could talk for just 15 minutes, so why is it so tedious? Even though I know you don't like it, as time goes by, I say more and more precious words. (Applause) The longer the time, the more precious the words become. It's true.  
Generally, I see that people sitting in the front like the teacher. Those sitting at the back are people who dislike the teacher. (Laughter) In about a third of the room, no matter how long I talk in the morning, no one sleeps, but in the other two-thirds, they stretch their legs and sleep as they please. (Laughter) That means the front is God's side. The middle is the boundary, dividing Satan's half and God's half. (Laughter) It's like that.  
In any audience, those who sit at the back are on Satan's side. Those who come to investigate sit at the back. (Laughter) So, Satan comes to the Unification Church, and on the first Sunday of 1983, he comes to see, sitting at the back — who is that white-haired person? — sitting next to Henry Master. (Laughter) It's true. Do you understand now? "Yes."  
So, from now on, since this hand was on Satan's side, I will not do what this hand likes but will do what it dislikes the most. This eye will not do what it likes but will do what it dislikes the most. This ear too... You must decide to do everything in reverse. Then, when men and women long for each other, when a woman on Satan's side longs for a man to death, she should not long for a man but should decide to love women more than men, and that becomes God's side. God's side is there. That doesn't mean to do homosexuality or anything like that. (Laughter) It's the opposite, the opposite. From this year, doing everything in reverse will surely make it a good year.  
So, when you want to eat delicious food, you should eat less of that delicious food. These Satans, when they sit somewhere, they want to sit in high places. At that time, you should sit in the lowest place. It's the exact opposite. Then, what about this? You want to wear clean, good clothes, but instead of good clothes, you should wear smelly, unwashed rags.  
If I want to wear clean clothes, I should clean my husband or others and then wear clean clothes myself. That's acceptable. If I get hit once, I can hit back once. That works. In the law of indemnity, if you get hit once, hitting back once works. (Laughter) That's what it means. Do you understand now?  
You must do everything opposite to Satan to make this year a good year.  
So, this year, when you say, 'May it be a good year!' how should it be a good year? You are on Satan's side. Since you are on Satan's side, good things happen when you decide to go the opposite way from what you liked on that side.  
Is there anyone among you who likes Home Church? Raise your hand. Ah, ah! (Laughter) Did you originally like Home Church? Doing Home Church is something you dislike. It's something you dislike. The thing Satan's side dislikes the most is Home Church. So, in the Unification Church, you must say the thing you like the most is the Home Church movement.  
And fundraising too. The Unification Church is good, it's good. The Principle is very good. But you dislike witnessing and fundraising, don't you? (Laughter) Unification Church members like Father. Everyone likes Father. 'I like Father,' they say. I don't want to hear such words.  
'Oh! If only Father didn't make us fundraise, didn't make us witness, didn't make us do Home Church, didn't make us suffer by not letting us sleep at night, didn't make us suffer in the morning, it would be good,' they would say. It's obvious, don't you know that? You all know it. 'This Father or whatever, there's nothing about resting or playing, it's always commanding to do more and more,' they say.  
Even at school, you get several days off a year, but in this Unification Church, there's not a single day off, and even if you rest a little, you get scolded again. What kind of father is that? Where is such a case? The teacher is the same, throughout life, for 60 years, never thought of resting. So when I come out here, I dress well, but as soon as I go back, I change. Why? If there's a time to go up, there's a time to go down. That's how I think.  
In the world, people go home and take off everything, but I don't live undressed. It's different. In the world, people dress well when they go out but live naked at home, doing all sorts of things, right? Living undressed, that's what I mean. I think God is at home too. So the teacher doesn't stay undressed at home. Now, you know how to make a good year, right? Now, whose side are you on? "Satan's side." Where are you? On Satan's side.  
In the future, when America welcomes the Unification Church, you should remove the icebox from Unification Church homes. How about it? Drinking Coca-Cola and all sorts of drinks, there are too many. In the East, they think hot things are solved with hot things, and cold things are solved with cold things. When you see this, it becomes a model for going to heaven. When it's hot, you naturally want something cold, but when that's Satan's side, you should dislike cold things even more when it's hot. You should try to do hotter things.  
You see, there's a reason for it. When it's hot, eating something hotter doesn't make you sick. When it's cold, going to a colder place doesn't make you sick. You catch a cold when it goes from hot to cold. Do you understand what I mean? It's the opposite. You must do the opposite. The eyes are not for seeing for oneself but for others. It's all the opposite.  
So, can you make 1983 a good year? "Yes." Those who liked to sleep well must not sleep. You must go the opposite way. Those who liked to sleep must like not sleeping. You must train for that. Those who dislike fundraising must be made to like fundraising. Who makes it? You must make it yourself. You must make it yourself. Women who like to wear rings and hang things must take them all off. You must not do it. How about it?  
Women like to sit in front of mirrors, don't they? 'This year, I won't sit in front of a mirror even once for a year,' you must decide. How about it? (Laughter) And even in the color of clothes, 'I like yellow or red!' then 'I will wear the color I dislike the most,' you must train for that. Even with bread, if you like soft bread, you must decide to eat hard bread. It's the opposite. Americans all like pound steak, don't they? You must do the opposite, the opposite. You must like the thinnest, smallest steak. You must despise what you liked until now.  
And some people are so calm that they don't laugh for a year. For a woman who doesn't laugh, a non-laughing Satan is attached. To drive away the non-laughing Satan, you must laugh. Do you understand? "Yes." You must do that. The teacher did that a lot too. I did it deliberately.  
When I was a youth, I wanted to go to the theater so much... For someone like me, watching a movie was so shocking. I had the temperament to shout with excitement. But I never went. So the teacher said, 'Instead of not going at all, let's go every day,' and I watched movies five times a day. Not just not going, but experiencing the most opposite and then not going. It's worthless if you don't experience it and just don't go. So I went five times a day and then cut it off. 'You bastards, I'm not going.'  
The same goes for food. Eat to your heart's content. Eat delicious things to your heart's content. Until when? Until your neck is full. Which is better, the moment when you're so full you can't move or the moment when you're so hungry you can't move? The moment when you're so hungry you can't move is better. When you're too full, you can't move until your stomach goes down. But when you're hungry, you can move freely. You must train for that. Do you understand? It's the opposite. It's the opposite. Without doing so, it can never be a good year.  
In this world, you must die for the truth to have resurrection.  

So, do you like your mother and father in America today? "Yes." Some people don't. Do you like your grandparents? "Yes." When you go near your grandparents, does it smell good or bad? "..." You must practice so that smell becomes a good smell.  
You know your personality well, don't you? What's good, what's bad. Therefore, you must make good friends. Then you need a leader. Friends and leaders are absolutely necessary. Do you understand? Since you know your personality well, you must make friends who can do the opposite of your personality and have a teacher who can teach you the opposite way. The Bible says, 'Those who want to die will live, and those who want to live will die.' Why is that? Because it is a Satanic world, you must conquer the Satanic world like Jesus.  

244  
Reverend Moon is the same. The Satanic world can always be conquered. However, it cannot conquer those who do the opposite of what Satan does. Human desire is the desire for possession. You must be able to control it. Don't think of being controlled. Since you always want to become arrogant, you must be humble. It's all the opposite. It's all the opposite.  
The same goes for work. You must work not for yourself but for the world. What you are doing now is for heaven and the world. How wonderful is that? Therefore, resurrection does not occur without going to the opposite world. Therefore, you must die in the world. You must know that. You must die.  
Therefore, since humans do not do that, heaven gives persecution so that they have no choice but to go that way, setting conditions that they cannot avoid going that way. There are many conditions to set. Even if you are chased away, you go again. Therefore, when you go the opposite way, there is not much development, but when you voluntarily go the opposite way, development occurs. You must know this principle. You must know it for sure. Do you understand?  
If you don't want to go, heaven will drive you to go the indemnity way, and when driven, it becomes indemnity, but when you voluntarily go into the Satanic world and go the opposite way, the foundation of heaven expands, your possessions expand, and it becomes a foundation for development. It's different. The content is different. Do you understand?  
For example, if Reverend Moon were in Korea, how nice would it be now? Everything is settled, and he could live comfortably, but why does he come to America and seek the path of persecution? He voluntarily takes the path of being cursed and going the opposite way. Isn't that right? Even if the body doesn't want it, when you go the opposite way, heaven comes and makes a leap forward there. It's different.  

245  
Now, even though he has settled in America, he says, 'Let's go to Moscow!' and tries to leave. By doing so, he believes he won't fail but will develop. Do you understand what I mean? If you don't do that, you will be surrounded by the Satanic world.  
In the Unification Church, we don't spend money for the Unification Church but for interdenominational and interfaith movements. It's the opposite, the opposite of the general. Therefore, I tell you to work not for the Unification Church but for the world and for others. By doing so, the blessings of the nation and the world are bound to come to the Unification Church. Isn't that right? "That's right."  
Therefore, the teacher is not sad even in legal battles. He digests it as a comedy, a dramatic scene. Do you understand what that means? He goes to such a position. No matter what happens in court, he overcomes it. Until when must he go? Until communism surrenders. The world is now at its last. How about it? Is America destined to surrender to Reverend Moon, or is Reverend Moon destined to surrender to America? "America is destined to surrender." It's certain. You know it better. It will definitely be like that. How wonderful is that?  
Therefore, from the perspective of the Satanic world or God's side, the path Reverend Moon takes is always dramatic. He knows it himself. He is an actor performing a play there, and he must do well. Satan cries, and God rejoices, how wonderful is that? How wonderful is it? Wherever you go... Do you understand now? "Yes." Why must it be so? It is to go the path of indemnity but to receive blessings. If everyone decides to go the opposite way, indemnity is transcended. Therefore, blessings are inevitable. If you oppose, it immediately turns into blessings. Is it certain? "Yes."  
You must enter the place the world dislikes to transcend the conditions of indemnity.  

So, leaders here, do you dislike early morning prayer? You must do early morning prayer. You must know the taste of it, the taste of prayer. It must be more delicious than eating, and the time of prayer must become something you long for. You must know what it is like to be with God so that when you face work, the taste returns immediately. If the experience accompanies that atmosphere, heaven is with you. From experience, when you go to places the world likes and the world is good, that feeling becomes distant, but when you go to places the world dislikes, it becomes 100% better. Do you understand what I mean?  
Why do I tell you to take the opposite path? It is to transcend the conditions of indemnity. You must know that. When you decide, 'I will go this way for my entire life,' you transcend all the conditions of indemnity. It becomes so for your entire life. Such a person is blessed whether Satan opposes or not. If Satan opposes, everything on Satan's side quickly collapses. It collapses quickly. It is punished.  
Living in East Garden, I see that the leaders come and at 12 o'clock, they look at their watches. 'Teacher, it would be good to sleep,' they say while sitting. It was the same last night. After 1 o'clock, everyone else... Even though they think so. Do you understand what I mean? Wherever you go, you must not be defeated by anyone. Even when climbing a mountain, you must climb first, and doing so is tiring. It's the exact opposite, the exact opposite. The teacher sits down and rests without looking back wherever he goes. Some people, when wearing good suits, gently brush and carefully place their bottoms. (Expressing with actions while speaking)  
In the past, though I don't do it now, when I went to a banquet, I would take the spoon to the worst place. The spoon and chopsticks must go to the worst place first. When there is little food, you must place the spoon and chopsticks first, that's the mindset I had. When going somewhere with a friend, even if the friend wears a good suit, I try not to wear a good suit. I try to wear something less than the friend.  
The same goes for shoes. These shoes are good, right? These shoes are good shoes. Bohee Park's shoes are good too. How much are those? (Laughter) "Over a hundred dollars (Interpreter)" How much are these? I know they are over a hundred dollars, but they cost 29 dollars, 29 dollars. I bought Bohee Park shoes over a hundred dollars. I bought a pair for 370 dollars in Las Vegas. Who did I buy them for? "For me (Interpreter)" Hmm? "For me (Interpreter)" A pair for 370 dollars? "Yes (Interpreter)" Did I? (Laughter) I forgot. Normally, people would remember that. (Laughter)  
The shoes I wore before these, I wore for three years. I was going to wear them for more than three years, but someone hid them. Clothes too, when I go home, Mother or someone hides them all. When I take them off, they all disappear because they are taken away. Once, I took something out of the trash or laundry basket and wore it. (Laughter) That's how it is. Why is that? If you do laundry, the person doing the laundry suffers. Whether you wear it for a week or three days, it's the same, isn't it?  
Therefore, there are people who have been in our house for 10 or 20 years, but they don't want to go anywhere else. It's not because there's something there. I don't nag, and I don't talk much. I rarely nag.
When you break a dish with a 'bang', you pretend not to see it and look the other way. That's how you cover it up. (Laughter) It's not like that in the satanic world. It's the opposite. Now, you understand these words, right? We live in a world on Satan's side, so when you leave behind what you like, everything gets better.

Now, when newlyweds meet, they might cry out of happiness. But you have to treat each other coldly. Even now, Mother calls me a ruthless man. She says I am an unfeeling man. Extremely affectionate but also extremely unfeeling. (Recording briefly interrupted)

It's clean. Otherwise, you can't survive in the satanic world. Not a dull man. It's straightforward. That's how you should always deal with the satanic world. Now you understand, right? "Yes!" Now, here is the way to transcend the path of indemnity.

Home Church is an altar where you can inherit historical victory.

I told you that Home Church determines the tribal messiahship, but you don't want to do it. Why? Because among the spirits of your deceased ancestors, those who were enemies come and grab your neck, saying, 'Let's see if you go to heaven!' You can think that way. That's why you don't want to go. You don't want to go. Moreover, the enemies of your ancestors say to you, 'You rascal, what's a tribal messiah? Get rid of it!' Finally, Home Church becomes a foundation where the enemies of your good ancestors in history can confront your reality.

Then who persecutes? The satanic side does. The enemy's side does. Even if your ancestors are on your side, they just watch. When you continue without breaking despite persecution, Satan retreats, and your ancestors receive blessings equivalent to the retreat of Satan. Fortunately, because the teacher has fought until now, just spreading the word that Reverend Moon is good and the Unification Church is good makes everything go well.

The line centered on the teacher is the mainstream of Christianity. Since it inherited all traditions from Judaism and Christianity, and set the standard of victory that indemnified the historical tribal, national, and world standards, if you spread good rumors during the indemnity period, you will be welcomed.

At that point, communists are bound to oppose. Then the local people will fight for you. Anyway, you have to go and clash once. You have to clash and establish your position. How hard should you work? More than going to school. More than going to work. More than hiding and dating passionately. That's natural. If it's less than that, it becomes a Home Church under the control of the satanic side. If you have to go to work but Home Church is in the way, what should you do?

You should cry and do Home Church on the way to work. 'Father, since I couldn't go to Home Church, I must go for at least an hour,' with such earnest heart.

Unification Church members should not solve their living problems by working in general society while finding Home Church. You can't have a job within the Unification Church itself. Home Church is where you meet God and love God. It should be more than going to school, more than going to work, more than going to see a loved one. That's theoretical. When it becomes so, heaven will surely protect and follow you.

The teacher thinks about the purpose 24 hours a day. As soon as he opens his eyes, he thinks about it and prepares for it, never forgetting the purpose for even an hour. The teacher's work is accompanied by heaven's blessing. It takes a long time because he is devoted to heaven, but success is inevitable. Why does it take so long? Because heaven cannot move without a standard of love greater than that of the satanic world. Heaven cannot act.

The Bible also says, 'If you do not love me more than anyone else, you cannot be my disciple.' It means you cannot love your mother-in-law, husband, or children more than me. You don't know how terrifying the wall of indemnity in history is. You don't know how terrifying it is. Look, through 6,000 years, the providence has been to find one Adam.

Think about how difficult it is to find Eve, Eve's family, Eve's tribe, Eve's nation, and Eve's country. Think about how great the teacher's work is. This is not a theory but a fact. (Applause) Home Church is the altar of indemnity victory, summing up this historical victory.

In America, when the Home Church messiah creates the tribal messiahship and unites with the teacher, the national messiahship is achieved. It becomes a national-level messiah. Do you understand? That national messiah becomes the foundation for what? It becomes a global messiah. Jesus did not become a tribal messiah. He did not even become a family messiah. He did not become the messiah of a wife. You must know this fact.

Can you become a tribal messiah? This position is more than the messiah that Judaism longed for over 4,000 years. If Jesus, who came as the messiah, stood on the victorious foundation, he could have been given the foundation to march to Rome with the victory flag without the second coming. Now, the Home Church victor, as a tribal messiah, can march toward Moscow, the great satanic world like Rome. You cannot rest or settle without winning at the Moscow rally.

The Unification Church, which has laid a global foundation

Above the tribal messiah is the national messiah, and above the national messiah is the global messiah. The tribal messiah is the formation stage, the national messiah is the growth stage, and the global messiah is the completion. To inherit the messiahship history as a tradition, start from the tribal messiah foundation. Do you understand? How great is it? How great a game is this? To establish this position, countless millions have sacrificed, countless prophets and martyrs have shed blood, and countless Abels have lamented. You must know that this is the position they longed for.

In the present world, if the satanic world is communism, is Christianity or the Unification Church more threatening to communism? "The Unification Church." The Unification Church, in a few decades, has become the direct challenger to communism at the highest level worldwide. Therefore, Judaism, Christianity, and numerous religions must follow the Unification Church.

What is that? There is heaven and hell in the spirit world, and the Unification Church is at the forefront of heaven, not hell. "Heaven." What is it in heaven? The top. Where is God? "At the top of heaven." God is at the top of heaven. It's a fact. It's the most logical. Think about it! He is always here. He looks down from anywhere. So he guides our way. Do you think about that? "Yes." How terrifying is it?

Reverend Moon has maintained this position for 20 years, so think about what will happen in 20 years. If I win and establish a foundation in 20 years, what president is a problem? Now, the presidents of South America are trying to take Reverend Moon away from each other. If I work in such a welcoming South America, I will lay a foundation greater than that of the United States in about a year. Right? It won't even take a year.

If a rally is held as a national event, will the president come out and introduce me? Radio, television, and all media will say, 'Reverend Moon, ganbare (do your best).' Then the country will turn upside down in a day. South America has 26 countries, and if they invite Reverend Moon and hold rallies, the entire South America will be overturned in 26 days. How wonderful would that be?

So, if I unite all of South America and say to America, 'Hey, America! Are you still Reverend Moon? You rascal,' then if America opposes at that time, South America will become one nation.

Recently, South Americans tried to enter the United States across the border, causing a commotion over visa issues, but at that time, the Moonies in America will be trying to cross the border into South America. Then, 'You can't come! Stop!' How about that? (Laughter) At that time, if they don't issue visas to the Moonies, like they currently don't want to issue visas in America, the Moonies will be crossing the border like South Americans sneaking in. The Moonies will be in a frenzy to cross the border, right? They will want to come to the teacher in South America. They will do everything to stay hidden once they cross the border. (Applause)

In the end, no matter how great, there's no benefit in opposing Reverend Moon. There's no benefit. You all follow Reverend Moon, right? "Yes." Even though you are American citizens? "Yes." What if America tells you not to go? "Father..." Father? Father will kick it away. What is 'it'? Reverend Moon or America? "America."

If I kick it away, will American youth be interested in the Moonies or not? They will be interested. There's nowhere else to go. At that time, if the government tells them not to go, the young ones will oppose the government. They will fully support Reverend Moon. They can't help it. Now, it's best for America to raise their hands and oppose. Do you understand? If there is a CIA or FBI official here, report it. Reverend Moon is not set to retreat.

Now, even if I leave, I have laid a foundation where you can win as much as you want. If I leave you for just 10 years, all the senators and congressmen will become Moonies. The supposedly talented senators and congressmen here cannot match the Moonies in skill. They can't match them. How about it? It's true. All Moonies will say it's true. That's how I think.

Therefore, the fate of South and North America is in Reverend Moon's hands. I know that. It's not President Reagan, or any president in South America. It's not any Christian king. They must listen to Reverend Moon. Then, what does Reverend Moon have, what skills, what guts to say such things? Just wait and see. Just wait and see. Wait and see. With nothing but bare hands, I have laid this foundation in 10 years in an opposing environment, and now I have laid a foundation that cannot be ignored in American society. Now it's strong.

Now, America must welcome me; they cannot oppose me anymore. They cannot oppose me. They cannot oppose me. Let's see the senators who opposed me. Let's see the presidents who opposed me. If I mobilize the Moonies, I can cut off the head of any famous senator in any state. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Recently, I heard a report that the FBI was worried that Reverend Moon might influence the next presidential election. Do you understand? That's why America fears me. There's nothing to fear. I'm America's teacher, so they should recognize me as a teacher. Then it's simple. (Applause)

So, if America reestablishes me as a teacher and allows me to re-educate, communism, the world, South and North America, and Europe can be united without a problem. Everything is not a problem. The American government wants to try Reverend Moon and send him to hell? Let them try. (Laughter) Heaven will not allow it. Heaven will not allow it. Heaven will not allow it. How great is Reverend Moon? And how great is he concerning America? So now it's a direct challenge, a direct challenge. American women think such a man is wonderful, right? They like a man like Father. (Applause) What is God? God is a God of justice. You don't like hearing this, right? But it's true.

To truly save a declining America, we must fight at the forefront.

I believe that if I give the order, the American embassy will not be able to function. The American embassy worldwide will not be able to function. So it's a terrifying organization. It's not like communists; it's a heavenly person, so it's a grateful thing. Although I have such power, I am not the leader of villains, so I guide from a good standpoint. Do you understand? (Applause)

For 10 years, I have been in America, receiving opposition, and now I am returning through Home Church. (Applause) It's not revenge but saving America. I will repay the enemy with goodness. Isn't that good? You Americans must understand this spirit and voluntarily endure the path of persecution.

This is your country, your country. Just as I, Reverend Moon, voluntarily came to the enemy country of America, you must voluntarily be a hundred times more loyal to your country. You must make the people of Congress good somehow. To make them good, even if you have to make them miserable... Reverend Moon is criticized for making people miserable, but to make them good, you must save them even if you make them miserable.

Now, if it is hindered by the newspaper company, I will pull out all the newspaper staff and use outsiders. Bo Hi Pak, you know. "Yes." Do you understand? "Yes." Even if the world dislikes it, stay up all night at Home Church. Pray for 24 hours without sleeping. If Home Church goes well, you will start as a leader of this country. Do you understand? So, those elected in ten Home Churches will enter the state assembly, and those elected in a hundred will become members of the central government, the House of Representatives. It is automatically set up that way.

Is there a constitution that says Unification Church members cannot become American citizens and cannot become president? Is there a law that says they cannot become senators or congressmen? "No." It's nonsense. Is there a law that says a Unification Church leader cannot become the leader of the Democratic Party? Is there a law that says they cannot become the leader of the Republican Party? "No." Today, Reverend Moon of the Unification Church is trying to educate the American president, and you Unification Church members are trying to educate senators, congressmen, governors, and the mayor of New York. What's wrong with that?

If that doesn't work, we will build a foundation equal to or greater than yours. Therefore, I gather all American scholars, lawyers, and politicians to recommend ideological enlightenment and economic reform. I do this to create a heaven on earth. In American academies and such, it is not a problem to extract talented people like state senators or congressmen. God's will is such that it accompanies religious content in political directions.

Worldwide, communism is a single party, but today there is no single party in the world on God's side. Therefore, a single party must be organized, but with what? Until the era comes when the Christian union centered on the Roman Papacy can live, the communist forces cannot be driven out of the religious world.

So now, in Florida, the top religious leaders are gathering, repenting, and making a fuss. Only Reverend Moon can do that. He has tied up all the famous scholars of American Christianity. If the World Religious Federation creates a global party opposing communism, the welfare of peace on earth will be achieved quickly. The teacher has prepared for this and is still doing it.

To truly save America, I think we must build a new political foundation centered on the Moonies. That is what righteous religionists do. If your husband here is a senator, you can be a senator's wife, and if he becomes president, you can be the president's wife. Why, why not? You can, right? It's true. It's not that difficult. It's the fairest and most correct path. Who are you? We have many people, a lot of money, power, and nothing is lacking. (Laughter)

You can use this powerful organization. Anything is possible. No problem. It will be achieved soon. How about it? "It's great." The American government knows the powerful organization of the Unification Church. That's why they fear us. What will happen then? Black people will like it. White people will like it too. We will help black people succeed and help minorities succeed.

Many organizations in America are working, but the organization that created a fund for minorities... I deposited a fund of 2 million dollars for minorities. It's the first time. Without Reverend Moon, the gap between whites and blacks cannot be bridged. Know that clearly.

If a fight breaks out between Jews and Anglo-Saxons, America will fall apart. Who will reconcile it? I must reconcile it. We must quickly create more Moonies than Anglo-Saxons and Jews to save America. What's wrong with that in America? How about you? What do you think? Everyone will say 'yes.'

We must save America with our hands. With that confidence, we must stand at the forefront and play this game. We need a slogan like 'We must fight at the forefront against communism.' Starting this in America in 1983 is a very good year, Amen! That's it. (Applause) This year is a good year for America.

In middle and high schools, they take drugs, and in universities, they take drugs, but if I organize karate and do it all... This is beneficial to America. 1983 is indeed a good year for America. How about it? "It's right." You cannot trust white American police. Therefore, I think we should make Moonies police. They cherish their lives. They are not prepared to give their lives for the country. They worry about what to do if they die.

So recently, I told the Home Church Moonies to become what kind of police? Temporary police? "Volunteer police." Volunteer police. Keep volunteering, volunteering, volunteering! Volunteer and work hard. Then naturally, everything will go into the main office. Work hard! If you work hard, the situation will naturally change. So, in New York, everything must be filtered again. How about it? "It's good." It's good, so we will start this year.

Should Unification Church members be believers or acting Unification Church members? "Acting Unification Church members." Is heaven on earth realized in the place of belief or the place of action? Which is it? "The place of action." It's true. That's the most important issue. Do you understand? You must know that.

So now we must stretch out our hands and feet. Do you hate that? "It's good." Do you hate such a powerful foundation? "It's good." Do you like it or hate it? "It's good." Like it every moment. I believe you will do well. So, I hope to make it clear at this time. Then it will be a good day for Reverend Moon. (Laughter. Applause)

Reverend Moon can sit on top of the Swiss Alps and give orders, and it will be done. Today, the American government thinks everything will end if they drive out Reverend Moon, but the time has already passed, it's late. Do you believe in the American government's thoughts? "No." Which do you believe? Reverend Moon's thoughts? "Yes." That's right. You must know that. So, I will mobilize you to act. How about it? How about those who have believed in the Unification Church so far? Is it good or not? "It's good." Think about it. You must do it. Otherwise, it won't work.

I will clean up the red-light district with my own hands. I will have our beautiful women, the beautiful people, put on makeup. At that time, wear makeup. Clean up 47th Street and stand at the intersection of the red-light district in panties and propose. Stand on the street and say, 'I love you.' (Laughter) Then they will drool and rush in. When they do, break their ribs. (Laughter) You rascal! (Expressing with actions)

If 50 or 100 people do this, and if one or two people from each country come here and hear rumors of broken ribs, no matter how beautiful the prostitute is, they will say, 'Run away, run away!' All the stores will take down their signs, and many houses will be auctioned. Then I will buy them. I will buy them all. (Laughter)

Japanese people are regulars in the red-light district. If three or four Japanese guys break their ribs, and if three people from each country, including Americans and Europeans, break their ribs, rumors will spread. 'If you go to the red-light district in New York, your ribs will break!' Then they will sell all the houses. When they sell them, I will buy them all. (Applause. Cheers) I am thinking like this... What does Reverend Moon have to do with America? I should say, 'This damn America, go to ruin,' but because God has loved America until now, there is a way to save the world by saving the foundation of Christianity.

Now, women! Will you learn karate or not? "We will learn." Will you all change into panties and go out as prostitutes if I tell you to? "We will." So you must become a champion who is good at karate, or else it's a big problem. Now, let me ask you something.

To fight the Japanese Communist Party, I established 38 gun shops nationwide. I lost 150 million to 200 million yen every year. I kept losing money while playing that game. During that time, I could mobilize tens of thousands of guns at once. If the communists touch it and shed blood, Reverend Moon will take revenge. So young people learned Jeongdo martial arts, which is Korean martial arts. After learning it, if communists or gangsters use violence, they challenge them head-on. Slender people cleanly blow away big guys. This is how the Japanese Communist Party goes 'stop!' (Expressing with actions) (Laughter) How about it? Is Reverend Moon cool?
Reverend Moon is accused of brainwashing, being a CIA puppet, an anti-nationalist, a dictator, and other bad things, all of which were created by the Communists. However, this America is now playing the game of opposing the Unification Church as Communist propaganda. Strike, fight! As you fight, the falsehoods will be exposed.

Those who act with goodwill ultimately triumph
So now the media is saying, "We lost to Reverend Moon." The New York Times made Reverend Moon famous, and the Washington Post made the Unification Church famous. How astonishing it must be for the media to hear this. They want to attack Reverend Moon again, but what Reverend Moon says is true. How much must the U.S. government dislike Reverend Moon? But since Reverend Moon is right, they are in trouble.

The conservatives cannot avoid being indebted to me. They cannot avoid being indebted to the Washington Times. Initially, five factions opposed Reverend Moon, but now they have completely united. Did Reagan come to us because he liked our newspaper? He came to survive. Did the Reagan administration come to help the Washington Times? They came to survive. Absolutely the Washington Times! Americans may dislike me, but they like the Washington Times. Isn't that ironic? (Applause)

The conclusion is that those who act with goodwill are destined to win. Victory is guaranteed for those who act with goodwill. I like victors. How about you? "Yes." That's why, how about that action? "It's good." So, focusing on this content, we go out not for myself but for America and the world. Let's go!

The ones who want to stop Moon are the Communists, so when the U.S. government opposes Moon, they are siding with the Communists. When the American religious community opposes Moon, they will be siding with the Communists. When Jews oppose Moon, they will be branded as Communists. We must realize that we are already within the realm where the highest intellectuals from academia and scholars can understand this. That day is not far off. (Applause)

So this is the final front. It's the first and last front. It's the first and last battlefield in history, and it's the home church. With my small eyes, I will start the work and see the victory in the home church. I know it. (Applause) The Unification Church's fight is already over. The fight is over.

Moonies can handle Americans, but Americans cannot handle Moonies. Moonies can handle Communists, but Communists cannot handle Moonies. What does that mean...? We just need to grow, just grow. Can't we become one in this situation? "We can." So, as I said before, if Reverend Moon's name is resurrected, that's the end of it.

Now, look. If we mobilize a thousand people in the home church, how many is 360 households multiplied by a thousand? "360,000." 360,000, right? "Yes." 360,000 households. If you consider four people per household, how many is that? Four people per household, how many is that? Four times six is twenty-four (4×6=24), three times four is twelve (3×4=12), how much is it? (Writing on the board) "1.44 million." If you bring all the relatives, even if you take three times, gathering 3 million is not a problem for a 3 million rally in New York. Then they will say, "Welcome to Reverend Moon." What happens to New York then? It's all over. It's all over. Then, the New York mayor will have to be elected as we draw lots, won't he?

Even if we have to do it this way, we must not treat as an enemy the benefactor who wants to save dying and collapsing America. I'm not trying to become a senator or congressman, but to make you one. Is that a crime? Do you think I have the ability to make you congressmen? "Yes." So, in the end, we must save America in a good sense. We must start that work from 1983.

Now, the court cases against the Unification Church are all coming to an end. How wonderful would it be if I were in prison for a while? Moonies would line up to visit, staying up all night, and reporters would broadcast it nationwide every day. If I tell senators to visit, won't they? If I tell congressmen to visit, they will. Even relatives and cousins-in-law will all go....

When you write in your diary, "I visited the teacher while he was in prison," do you know how proud that will make you to future generations? You know that. Surely, there will be a commotion in prison. And Moonies will tell opposing parents, "Our teacher went to prison, so visit and be forgiven," and drag them along. (Applause)

Will the Peace Professors Academy established in 50 countries disappear? Will it disappear because I went to prison? "No." Then, if I say, "All the heads of the Peace Professors Academy in 50 countries, come visit Reverend Moon once," will those top scholars say "No" or "Yes"? "Yes." Won't they come? "They will." Probably! (Laughter) Think about it.

Then, if I tell all the chairpersons of ICUS (International Conference on the Unity of the Sciences) to visit once, will they? Yes or no? "Yes." If they line up at the prison, will photographers take pictures or not? If I tell the chairpersons of the God's Conference to come once, will they come or not? Kwak Jeong-hwan, what do you think? "They will." Right. Then, will the newspapers stay quiet? Religious representatives or organization heads all have newspapers and magazines. So they will come in a rush. Even if I tell them not to publish, they will. It will turn around. Think about what will happen.

Then, if I tell the Summit Club, made up of former congressmen or presidents, "Visit once," and former presidents from each country come to visit the prison, will it be a problem or not? "It will." When the heads of the Summit Club from 50 countries come to visit, if I say, "President Reagan, visit once," will President Reagan appear or not? "He will."

If the Summit Club members tell President Reagan, "Visit Reverend Moon with us once," and he refuses, they will say, "Hey, you rascal!" Then, if I tell the World Business Association, "World business leaders, come once," won't they come? What about journalists, won't they come? They will. Even those who went to the Soviet Union will come.

This is smearing the U.S. government with dung. How embarrassing it must be for America to have put Reverend Moon in prison. Tell them to send me to prison. Then it will break. It will break. Then I will become a global hero overnight. Since I already have such plans.... Who is the judge of the U.S. government? Whatever.... Do what you can. Let's see who wins with their abilities.

To become an agent for building the Kingdom of Heaven on Earth, work hard in home church
At such a time, the U.S. government or the CIA will attack, saying, "Oh, Reverend Moon is a nuisance!" We are entering such an era. They will plan assassination attempts, even colluding with the Communists. It's possible. Will you stay still? You must know how to defend yourself. So we must lay such a foundation. The home church movement is to protect all of New York and as a foundation for self-protection. How about it?

Is Reverend Moon making a political statement today? It's good, it's good! I've done everything I could and have been criticized enough. So, how about it? It's self-defense, after all. So the recent tax ruling in New York State concluded that political and economic activities are religious activities according to the doctrine of the Unification Church. That's well done. (Applause) Thank you!

To create the Kingdom of Heaven on Earth, we must address economic and political issues. Isn't that right? If you see it as education, it's education. We educate politicians to govern well. Do you understand what I mean? America needs rightful power and future leaders. The home church activities are to train such agents. Our activities are also a movement to train future national leaders with traditional and exemplary ideas. How about it?

Now that the Unification Church is holding a sports event, you must run to participate. You must run like a marathon runner. You must run like that. We must do something now. So far, there has been no activity. The four-position foundation is good. Do you understand? When? From tomorrow. "From today." Today is an important day. When you go out for such a good cause, 1983 will say, "1983 was a proud year in history!"

I have a desire to create a true president in America. How about it? Would Americans like such an idea? Would Americans want me? Wouldn't it be great if the American president sat here and listened to the teacher and said, "Hmm—!" Would God dislike it? "No." If the senators of 50 states came here and listened to the teacher for five or six hours, drooling and saying, "Oh—!" would God like it or not? "He would like it."

When I go to Korea, I can meet anyone at the top. I've laid a foundation where they can't avoid meeting me. So when I tried to buy a big factory this time, there was already a commotion. When I blew "Hoo—!" they all ran away. No problem. They all ran away. (Laughter)

It's the same in Japan. It's a past story, but I gave orders to reconcile Tanaka and Fukuda when they were fighting. It would be unpleasant for the Japanese intelligence agency to hear that. It would be unpleasant. But that's how Japan won't perish and will live. It will grow. The Japanese government is opposing me. It's not just one or two such things. As they increase, they have come to truly respect Reverend Moon.

So is Reverend Moon a good person or a bad person? "A good person." If you were a woman, wouldn't you want to marry a man like the teacher? "Yes." But I am only one. There is only one. There's nothing I can do. So leave your husbands to me. I will educate them to become like me. How about that? "Good." (Applause)

Women, don't whisper behind the scenes. Raise your hand if you won't do it! Are these all single women? Married women, raise your hands! There are so many, but why don't you all raise your hands when I say I will make your husbands as good as me? You must leave them to me. You must leave them to me. Will you leave them to me? "Yes." Raise your hand if you will. Hmm—! (Laughter)

Now, the men here have all decided on their partners. If they remain vague or don't move, they will be kicked. (Demonstrating with action. Laughter) You women must kick the men. You can kick them. I approve of it. America needs a man like me, whom the world needs, and whom Heaven needs. How about it? "Good." (Applause. Cheers) It's good news. I will shorten all the administrative offices at the headquarters. I will scatter them all.

Now, if our men are all ill-mannered, what if you slap them? What if you kick them? Let's make a promise. "Good." If we do it the American way, it will take ten years, but if we do it the Reverend Moon way, it will take one year. How about it? "Good." (Applause) There's no time. There's no time. Knowing that.... In the new year, it's all about action, action.

1983 is a time that intersects with welcoming the Unification Church
This year (1983) is the 21st year. It's over now. I like this number. (Writing on the board) How about you? "Good." I believe you don't like this number. This number is mine alone, not yours. (Laughter) How about this number? "Good." I think so too. It's an amazing number, a scary number. You must know that.

If it doesn't match, I will cut it all. If it doesn't match, I will cut off the president, cut off the country, cut off everything. Heads will roll. How scary is it that Reverend Moon, with such courage and persistence, will cut off even Reverend Moon's head if it doesn't match. It's scary. That number is that scary. Would you like that number? It's a scary number. A scary number. God has suffered for thousands of years because of this.

Now, in the 1900s, how many years add up to 21? Only one, or many? In the 1900s, how many times did it happen? 1938, then 1947, then 1956, then 1965, then 1974, then 1983, then 1992. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. "1929." 1929. Eight. (Writing on the board) Looking at it, all of these are needed by the teacher.

1983 is a time that intersects with welcoming the Unification Church from the countries that opposed it. It's an amazing fact that this time coincides with the 21st year. Now, regarding the balance with the Soviet Union, the Soviet Union is coming, and it must go higher. The Reagan administration is saying that it must increase national defense spending to surpass the Soviet Union. The Communists say "No," while the conservatives say "It must be done!"

The biggest fight in the democratic world is between Reverend Moon of the Unification Church and the U.S. government. It's a big fight between the representative of Heaven and the representative of Earth. What happened to the media and the government, which were united in driving out Reverend Moon and the Unification Church? Now it's even, even. If Reverend Moon starts flying from here, he will fly "Whoosh—!" How about it? Does it seem like a good year? "Yes." Saying "May it be a good year" means "Let's make it a good year."

Is Reverend Moon famous? "Yes." In 1982, he was famous for the mass wedding. So what should he be famous for in 1983? (Laughter) For home church activities, for the home church movement. How about it? "Good." That's the best.

If I hold a 500,000 rally in Central Park, it will be done in an instant. Then, organizing around minorities, gathering 1 million or 2 million is not a problem. How about it? We can do it immediately. We can do it immediately. So we must have hope.

Who wants to become a newspaper president in the future? Raise your hand. You have a lot of ambition. (Laughter) Will you make it yourself, or will the teacher make it for you? "We will make it ourselves." Hmm? You will make it yourselves? That's very good news. Can you make a newspaper? "Yes." It will cost a lot of money. (Laughter) Do you like difficult things? "Yes." Will you do such difficult things? "Yes." You say "Yes," but.... But you must do it. (Laughter) So I want to work together. How about it? "Good."

You need a tough training process. Such a training process is necessary, right? "Yes." It's true. (Pointing to the interpreter) How about it? (Laughter) When you hear "Bohee Park," you all react like this. (Demonstrating with action) Right? You are afraid of Bohee Park, right? "No." (Laughter) Then why do you say "No" and then "Hahaha—"? (Laughter) You would be in trouble without me, but it's better because I'm here, right? Because I'm here, it harmonizes.... The teacher is necessary, right? "So I.... (Interpreter)" Just interpret. "No, I must, I must, forcefully tighten, Father?" (Laughter) Does the interpreter have the right to ask such a thing? "I must interpret, so I must know clearly, Father." Just interpret the words as they are. The meaning can come later. (Laughter. Applause)

Are you afraid of Reverend Kwak? His eyes are small. You are afraid of Reverend Kwak, Mr. Park, and Korean leaders, but they are afraid of me. Then it's okay. If they are not afraid of me, it's a problem, but if they are, it's okay. Do you understand what I mean? (Applause) That's how it is. That's how it is.

Do Koreans have strong or weak independence? "Strong." How about it? (Laughter) Father is okay, no problem. In that sense, American members prefer Japanese leaders to Korean ones. How about it? Is it true or not? "No." (Laughter) Korean people have strong independence, so they are dominant. Japanese people are a little better, they don't like Japanese people, but they are better than Koreans. They prefer Japanese people, right? "No." (Laughter) Those who said "No!" probably married Japanese men. Is that true? (Laughter) It's true.

In the end, the tradition of the Kingdom of Heaven must be established in the enemy's country
Then why does Reverend Moon set up leaders in such a complicated way? Why so complicated? Wouldn't it be better to set up one American leader and have them do everything? Right? "No." What's "No"? "Hehehehe." Then how good would it be? But "I can't do that!" That's what it means. "It would be good if Father set up American members as leaders, but I can't! Boohoohoo—" Isn't that true? Also, Koreans and Japanese are enemies, Japanese and Americans are enemies, Americans and Germans are enemies. They are all enemies. What is this gathering of enemies? What is this?

Moreover, American members view Japanese members as more than enemies. It's true. How about it? Is it true or not? "It's not true." Not true? I know better than you. Why does it have to be like this? Why? Reverend Moon is concerned about having such feelings. It's because God likes to be in the position of the enemy. Right? "Yes." That's how it is. The enemy's place is the position of Cain. Do you understand? Where there is an enemy, there is Cain. Without establishing the foundation of restoration in the enemy's place, you cannot return. Therefore, God's providential path is always progressing. Who is sacrificed? "Abel." For whom? "Cain."

So love your enemies. In the end, the tradition of the Kingdom of Heaven must be established in the enemy's country. You must know that. This is globally.... The place where the world's enemies from World War I and II must be united is America. This cannot be done in Korea or Japan. It cannot be done in Korea. They would catch and kill all the Japanese. They would catch and kill them immediately. It cannot be done in Japan. Therefore, God gathered America as a comprehensive Abel nation at the end to create a flexible foundation.

Then where do you make one? From the bottom? You must make one from the top, so you must make Korean, Japanese, and American leaders into one. Then what kind of country is Korea? "Adam's country." Japan? "Eve's country." America? "Archangel's country." Who made it that way? "God." (Laughter) God made it that way to carry out the providential path.

Since we must establish such a country and restore it through indemnity, in the providential will, it must be centered on Adam's country, Eve's country, and the Archangel's country. Among the archangels, there are heavenly archangels and fallen archangels. Since the good came to the archangel, there are only two Adams and Eves, but there are many angels. Therefore, the archangel nation, America, cannot restore without loving Adam's and Eve's countries.

America has no owner, no owner. America has no owner. Anglo-Saxons became presidents, Germans became presidents, Jews became presidents.... Anyone who lived in America became president. The owner comes and goes. It's a comprehensive nation, a comprehensive nation. It's not a pure race. Korea is a pure race. Adam must be a pure race. Where must it become one? It must become one with the angel. Not becoming one with the angel is the fall. Therefore, you must come to the angel's country and become one. Adam's and Eve's countries becoming one is the principle.

The fall was not becoming one with Adam and the archangel. To restore that, Adam's and Eve's countries must become one in the archangel nation, America. Without that, you cannot return.

Then why did I make Kamiyama the economic head for ten years? That's Eve, Eve. The housewife, Eve, handles the money. The mother feeds milk. The mother gave birth to Cain and Abel. On a global scale, if America is the Abel-type archangel nation, Germany is the Cain-type archangel nation. Eve must feed both Cain and Abel with milk, raising them as united children, not fighting, to go before the husband.

So Japan feeds America. It feeds milk. Even Germany. Buying factories in Germany and preparing all German issues through Japan. Only by becoming one can it return to Adam's country. So America is holding and protecting Korea. Right? No matter how much they want to let go, they can't. Letting go would be difficult.

To save the world, America, Japan, and Korea must unite and draw in China
Now is the time. Until now, it was all about Europe, but now it's time for...
It's not the era of the West anymore. We're entering an era dominated by Asia. Japan has developed rapidly until now. It became globally famous within five years from 1978. Why? Because, in God's providence of restoration, Japan is the Eve nation, and it was destined to hold the economic power that was lost. Japan may not like it, but it cannot avoid defending Korea. Korea must be defended.

Because this wasn't achieved, I created the 'Korea-Japan Cultural Association' and also the Little Angels School. To defend Korea, I instructed Furuta to educate the Japanese, but now they are refusing to do so, which is problematic. Furuta, do you understand? "Yes." The exchange between the two countries was established for the defense of Korea. The highway was also built with that purpose in mind. Without it, Japan has no future. Do it completely! Therefore, even if it's every day, bring 350 people within four months. If you can't do that, you'll be broken. You must understand this clearly. Japan will become pitiful.

To save the world, the United States, Japan, and Korea must unite to draw in China. If America listens to me, it can surely be done. If they leave it to me, I will make it happen. Europe is not the place to check China; it's not Europe. Even if the Soviet Union checks Europe, the strategic war can extend across Asia and the Pacific. Looking at it this way, Asia must become the center of American politics. Do you understand? Providentially, it is being driven into an environment where it cannot fail. That's why I am trying to bring all of Germany's mechanical industry to Korea to deal with China. Do you understand? "Yes." This is to establish the prestige of the Father.

To do this, internally, we must unite in America in the face of such an external world situation. We must unite here on this land. Therefore, we must marry each other. Americans must marry Japanese, and Japanese must marry Koreans. The fact that there is a heavenly fortune allowing all these marriages is an amazing miracle. Heaven and earth have helped to make it so. Are we tied together or not? "We are tied." Even if tears flow from blue eyes and you don't like it, it can't be helped. You must understand that you cannot exclude the Korean and Japanese leaders here. Do you understand? "Yes."

That's why I sent German, Japanese, and American people as missionaries. Why? Because Japan is the mother nation, and these two sons must unite and return for development. Missionaries must unite and come to see the teacher. All of this was arranged with that intention. It's principled. They cannot return before seven years, not before seven years. On May 1st of this year, it will be seven years. It will be over seven years. During that time, the foundation has been laid. The global foundation has been laid.

Therefore, this time, many Japanese people have been married to people from the five oceans and six continents. In Japan, more than 500 women have been gathered. This is inevitable in the providence. These people must be sent abroad. A path is being created for Japan to be liked in the five oceans and six continents. Japanese women are adaptable wherever they go. Isn't that right, Desuko? What do you think? "I think so." Isn't the Unification Church wonderful? "Yes."

Now America must go to Asia to find a way to live. Therefore, you must live united with Koreans, Japanese, and Germans in American households. To do this, Americans, who are in the position of the archangel, must serve and sacrifice for Cain if they are in the position of Abel, like a mother and father.

Who must Abel unite with? "Cain." Who? "Cain." Then who must Abel save? "Cain." This is based on principle. Do you understand? "Yes." Abel must save Cain. Abel must also save the parents. The parents refer to Korea and Japan. Also, American members must love Germans and Japanese. That is the principle.

American members do not like the leaders of these two countries. That is the position of Satan. Many American leaders criticize Korean and Japanese leaders. "Oh! Those Orientals..." I know it well. At one time, members from four countries gathered to discuss it. Which country would be on Father's side? First is Korea, second is Japan, third is America, and fourth is Germany. That is the principle.

Japanese members cannot discuss Korean leaders. Similarly, American members cannot discuss Japanese members. It's the same logic. Isn't that right? That's the truth. Do you understand clearly? "Yes." Do you know or not? "We know." From now on, do not talk about Eastern leaders. If you do, you stand in the position of Satan. Do you understand? "Yes."

American men and women should want to marry Japanese men and women. Why? Why? Because it brings them closer to God's love. Such a world is the ideal world of creation. That path is the closest way to the ideal world of creation. It's true. Do you have any questions? If I had spoken English for several years, I would be very good at it. However, if I speak English, you won't learn Korean. If I give a lecture in Korean and you laugh, how happy would history be, how happy would heaven and earth be? I think your children will definitely do it. So, will your children do it, or will you do it now? "We will do it now." Then do it now.

When you realize that all these things are happening within the providence, you will understand how pitiful God, the subject of the providence of restoration, has been in establishing the tradition of the heavenly kingdom in the world of enemies. You didn't know this. Jesus, who knew this, said, "Love and forgive!" about Rome, the great enemy nation, even as he died on the cross. Why? Because Jesus knew that in the future, that world would become a national enemy and would have to establish the tradition of the heavenly kingdom. Who knew his sorrowful heart? How miserable would Jesus have been if Reverend Moon had not appeared?

So, looking at it this way, this is the end of the world, the end of the world. Historically, seeing that countries leading the world gathered on the stage of Jesus' enemy and established the tradition of the heavenly kingdom here, this cannot but be the end of the world. You must know that such a theoretical conclusion comes from the principled perspective. America itself, Japanese people in Asia, and I myself are now setting the tradition here. The tradition of dispatch.

Now, Americans don't want to come to Korea to believe in the Unification Church. Japanese people also don't want to come to Korea to believe in the Unification Church. Americans also don't want to come to Japan to believe in the Unification Church. So, Koreans and Japanese are coming to America to work. This is dispatch witnessing. With that, we are laying the foundation. After that, even if we tell them not to come, Americans will come. Even if we tell them not to come to Japan, they will want to come, and even if we tell them not to come to Korea, they will want to come.

Now, America has no way to survive without going to Asia. Europe and America are destined to decline. They are destined to decline. I am telling you today, although we have called the nation a woman until now, today in the Unification Church, we will name it as a man. Women need men. That is the original path, the natural thing. So, knowing the fact that I am making one in America, when the teacher commands you, you should be busy clinging to or following the Japanese people. You must inherit the tradition, the tradition. Do you understand?

So now the American church is being formed. I think most of the roots of evangelism in the American church will be Japanese people. Japanese women and men will also build the economic foundation of the Unification Church. Japan has the ability to revive the economy in a short period. If done in the American way, everything will be taken away. If done in the Japanese way within America, the Unification Church will become more prosperous. So, if our Unification Church follows this tradition, we will become rich in the near future. How about it? That is the principle. Do you understand? "Yes." Did you understand that point accurately? "Yes."

American members and Japanese members must compete to establish the tradition.

So, 300 people will come from Japan in 15 days. The Japanese group is coming. Don't you like it? Do you like it or not? They are coming as American citizens. How about it? (Applause) How? By getting married and coming. So now we will create a special economic activity task force. We will create a special economic activity task force. Then we will create a special evangelism team. What will the men who married American women do? They will form an evangelism team, and the women who married American men will form a special fundraising team.

They will compete with the American economic team. They will compete with the state leaders. So, in each state, we will assign one Japanese economic team and one Japanese evangelism team. Until now, the state leaders have been idle. They have done nothing and wasted time. These rascals. And the teacher has already instructed the six major cities to establish Japanese churches. That was already four months ago. I have given the instruction. How about it? Will you lose to the Japanese? Will the first-class American citizens lose to the Japanese who can't even speak English and have black eyes? "We won't lose."

In the past, you lived like that, but from now on, you must grab the ends of the skirts and follow them, saying, "I can do it too." It's simple. The archangel must learn the tradition of Eve. The standard of Adam and Eve's tradition is the standard of the true tradition of the heavenly kingdom, not the standard of the angelic world. You must know that. It's a fact.

No matter how many angels there are, it doesn't matter. They do not have the tradition of heaven. Do you understand? "Yes." What do you want? "The tradition of heaven." Who created such a tradition? "Adam and Eve." Adam and Eve. In this era, your country is in the position of the archangel. Korea is the nation of Adam, the nation of parents. Why? Because this nation wants to inherit the tradition of Adam. Do you understand? "Yes." You must have such a concept for your country.

You think of Eastern people as people who cause revolutions. Is that right? "No." I think so. "No." You have no excuse. Heaven does not accompany such people. How about it? Is it true or not? It is true. Now you understand more clearly in that regard, right? "Yes."

Isn't today a good day? "Yes." Now, American people should try to hold hands with Japanese people as much as possible, and also hold hands with Korean people, so that they can... Here, Japanese member Kamiyama! "Yes." You don't like Korean leaders, do you? "Yes." (Laughter. Applause)

*Kamiyama knows his own heart well, but he also knows the hearts of Japanese members. Kamiyama is speaking for the position of Japanese members. American members need Japanese members. It's true. I know it well. Is it true or not? "It is true (Mr. Kamiyama)." (Laughter) It's true. (*From here, speaking in Japanese) You don't know what the teacher said in Japanese until now, do you? "Do you interpret? (Interpreter)" Don't do it. (Laughter) You have to be embarrassed like this to learn the language. Have you ever thought, "Oh, I have to learn a foreign language," while learning only English until now? "No, we haven't." Learn it. (Laughter) You can't come to Korea if you don't speak Korean. You can't come to Korea, but if you want to, I will create an opportunity. I will welcome you. How about it? (Applause)

Oh, I'm exhausted. I'm also tired. President Kim, who took a nap, must be energized. Why don't you come and talk instead of me? Younghui! You took a nap, didn't you? "I didn't sleep." What do you mean you didn't sleep? You have to be honest. If you close your eyes and nod off, that's sleeping. What's the big deal? (Laughter) If you didn't sleep, why bow your head?

Become Unification Church members advancing toward the world.

Now, knowing this, we must act from now on. Isn't it wonderful to act without fighting, with foreheads against each other, even with enemies? (Applause) (Writes "That is good for God" on the board. Members follow and read) However, Americans don't like such concepts. It's true. It's good for God, but bad for Americans. (Laughter) That's true. No, yes? "No." (Laughter) Normal Americans say "no," and transformed Americans say "yes." Who are the transformed Americans? That's Moonies. (Applause)

So, what I've been talking about all day is that from this year, the teacher will start making all the Japanese people brought to America partners and make the Americans uncomfortable. (Cheers. Applause) Until now, American leaders have been troubled. Korean leaders and Japanese leaders have been troubled, but now even ordinary American members, you will be troubled.

When this happens, there will be anti-Korean and anti-Japanese movements outside, and they will keep doing reverse brainwashing movements, but there will be no one to agree with them, right? "No!" But there will be a few people. So, even if it takes a long time, such words are necessary. The teacher instructed Bo Hi Pak, who is responsible for The Washington Times, to negotiate with the U.S. State Department to issue visas to people who can serve and help America as much as possible.

If they don't do it, in the next marriage ceremony, I will completely swap all Americans and Japanese and marry them. How about it? If there are a thousand American men and women here, I will bring a thousand Japanese men and women and marry them, making it two thousand. Then what is America? The Unification Church Moonies in America already want it that way, but I am putting a break on it and not doing it now. Isn't it good? "Yes." We must thank God. We must know that God always prepares for us. We must thank God.

In that case, we will not impose birth control on our Unification Church women. We will say, "Keep having children, keep having children." In America, they feed barley and cornmeal to pigs, but we say, "Keep having children." (Laughter) "Keep having children!" So, I told Mother to keep having children to set an example in America. How about it?

So, what will happen in about 50 years? The Unification Church group will be amazing. We must completely occupy Boston within ten years, and if we do home church well and establish a position, we only need to buy houses because we did fundraising well. If we don't sell and only buy, we will completely occupy it. Is there any other way? It's true.

You can do it. We have learned the method, haven't we? We are training every day for fundraising activities. Isn't it true? It's a good plan. How amazing it is! (Laughter) In this way, we are transcending national borders. Now, sincerely, let's go. Let's go so that all our five senses can praise what God is pleased with. We've heard a lot of words, but... "Today, after combining all the words the teacher said all day, sincerely welcome it, amen," those who say amen, raise your hands. Amen! "Amen!" Amen! "Amen!" We will advance toward the world! "Amen!" (Applause) Thank you.

To all the leaders gathered here, I now suspend your appointments. We will have a meeting and reappoint. Anyone opposed to this, raise your hand. (Laughter) Thank you. (Applause) *

To create one world

As we gathered like this, we ended up having an unexpected meeting like this. You must know that the fact that such a decisive gathering took place is not a coincidence.

The teacher's family with an extraordinary spiritual background

We have Eun-jin, and the name "Eun-jin" has the meaning of grace, grace. Among children, it is rare for a child to cry if not allowed to attend the Sunday service from a young age. How about you? Many people reluctantly do it even though they don't like it. You are the same. Even those who are considered big leaders were like that, so I think it is amazing that she practiced that from a young age.

After playing all day, if she falls asleep tired, her sister knows it and when she is not allowed to attend the service, she protests to the point of suffering. What are you celebrating today on Eun-jin's birthday? Such things remain in memory. If you have a heart to celebrate while recalling those memories, the content of the celebration will deepen.

From a young age, she had a considerable interest in God. At the age of one or two, she would sit quietly and look up at the sky and think. When asked, "What are you thinking about?" she would say, "I'm thinking about God." I have seen that many times. Sometimes she says something is following her strangely. She says it follows her strangely. She tries to catch it, but it can't be caught, and when she turns around, it's not there, but she is sure it is following her.

So, every time that happens, I say that a good spirit is following her to protect her, whether it's an angel, a good ancestor, or great saints following her to protect her. Then she asks, "What is a saint?" I answer, "People like Jesus, Buddha, and Confucius." (Laughter) As time passed, when she was five, six, seven, and ten years old, she said, "I now know! I now know who is following me!" When asked how she knows, she says she can see it. She sees it and knows it.

So, when asked, "Who is it?" she says Jesus is following her. (Laughter) Therefore, whenever she prays quietly, she knows and can see that he is standing there, and she felt that such experiences were deepening.

She has talents in many areas. Whatever she does at school, she doesn't lose. All her siblings are like that. Eun-jin is like that, but In-jin also has that aspect. At school, they all see spirits, and when schoolmates lose something, they immediately point it out. "Hey, isn't it on your desk somewhere?" When she says this, it is always accurate. "In-jin, how do you know that?" When asked, she says she just knows it in her heart.

So, because of such a spiritual background, she knows who is coming and going here. "Dad, that person is not good, so you shouldn't use them in the future!" she advises me. "It's not good for that person to come often. The influence is big," she says. Such phenomena are happening behind the scenes that you don't know about. Isn't it interesting? You should proudly know that it is a family with a spiritual background that is not found in ordinary worldly families.

You must attend such a celebratory day while feeling the content of such a background so that when heaven sees it, it will see that you have the appropriate qualifications. If you attend without such thoughts, it will be difficult in the future. She resembles the teacher. She resembles the father. She resembles the father's wisdom, eyes, forehead, and so on. Do you understand that? "Yes."

We must establish the tradition of American Christianity.

Among the words you heard today, what content was included? From the interdenominational movement to God's Conference, then everything about The Washington Times centered on Mr. Pak. Those were the reports made today. Such reports were made, and now we must draw a conclusion here.

Originally, a conclusion should be drawn when world representatives gather, but why is this now... You who are gathered in America, it seems like nothing, but it is certain that responsible people from various fields are gathered here.

You must know that you are internal leaders in the American church. Therefore, even if you are nothing, you must not forget that you are in a position of great responsibility to establish the new traditional history of American Christianity in the future.

If you see the external achievements and say, "Wow! The Unification Church leader, Dr. Durst, is great!" and receive praise wherever you go, the position of Dr. Durst shines because... Even if you know and respect the external aspects, if you do not have content that can be respected in terms of internal administrative processing and organizational matters when you come and see as a responsible person, all the external authority built by Dr. Durst will completely collapse.

The more experienced and the more of a person of character someone is, the more they evaluate a person, an organization, or a society's leader by not only looking at the external aspects but also observing and evaluating the internal posture. You must know that this is common sense. In that sense, you must know that the teacher is particularly responsible for the leaders responsible for the stages of the scientific conference, God's Conference, and the interdenominational movement. Whether it's Bo Hi Pak responsible for CAUSA or anyone else.

Let's look at CAUSA. In South America, this is sweeping through in terms of ideology. In this aspect, Reverend Moon is seen higher than Marx or Lenin in the past. But if you look closely at Bo Hi Pak and find that he is not like that, it completely pulls him down from the high place. He becomes a cripple. So, even if Reverend Moon is famous externally, there must be internal progress. Bo Hi is responsible for the internal aspect.

Now, whether it's New ERA, ICUS, or God's Conference, when you see Reverend Moon as big, great, and excellent, and look at the internal responsible person, the internal aspect, and the active members, if it is more excellent than the external appearance, anyone must acknowledge its value 100%.

It's the same for Jae-seok responsible for the interdenominational movement. If they become arrogant, Reverend Moon is judged as an arrogant person. The judgment is made.
This is it. In that sense, the teacher always thinks about personnel measures. It's natural to think about whether one has such qualities. Therefore, I try to focus on seminary students as much as possible for events like the Scientists' Conference, New ERA, or God's Conference. Seminary students are the essence of the Unification Church, as they know everything. Through these people, as they spend one year, two years, three years, or four years among the world's scholars, when the cheers of praise grow louder, the internal standard can be aligned with the external standard, which is the teacher's view. Do you understand what I'm saying?

The teacher cannot deal with the whole world. Although you may not have met the teacher in person, the origin of faith is determined through such people. There are opponents here. Even if there are people who oppose, when the majority hears such sincere internal content, the opposition of one or two people becomes useless and is eliminated. You must clearly understand this. So, when considering personnel measures for activities like this CARP activity, you must keep this perspective in mind.

Before imposing yourself and thinking about this activity system centered on yourself, we need people who emphasize the overall relationship and the teacher's hierarchical relationship. Why? Because in the course of fighting, women find themselves in a position to wear ties... That alone is not enough. We have reached a stage where a new organizational system must be established.

In the family, when looking at the teacher, efforts have been made to educate the mother in such aspects. In that sense, the mother is more excellent than the father. Therefore, I instructed the mother, "Since you are in such a position, your internal aspect is manifested in the children, so you are responsible for their education." The teacher instructed this way.

If a problem arises, it is immediately referred to the mother without the father pointing it out. That's the game being played. So, when the mother can't handle it and brings the children for advice, the mother is advised first. "You should have taken such responsibility, but you didn't," and then the children are advised. You must know that this is the lifestyle being led. This approach is the normal desire, and organizing a group that handles things this way will become the internal and external tradition that aligns with the future purpose, which is the teacher's daily life philosophy. You must clearly understand this. In that sense, when looking at the world's leaders centered on America, they are external.

Therefore, when gathered on the first day, I do not talk about this to many people because the people who need to establish a direct tradition in America are the executives of this association, so I talk centered on them. This is considered more important. Because this content is the teacher's view, you must know that I chose this day to talk to you.

Now is the time for special fundraising.

Now, your current state of mind, in that sense, can symbolize the external personality of Dr. Dust in the future. Thus, in all activities, you must feel that you are the internal representative who can inspire all people in front of the purpose, in front of all emotional fields, and in front of all people you come into contact with.

Also, since Dr. Dust must take responsibility for the internal connection in front of the teacher, he must represent all the teacher's external personality, be the internal indicator, and be the evidence that reveals this. It is the same conclusion. In the future, when people under Dr. Dust make mistakes, Dr. Dust will be called and reprimanded, and you will be advised. This is the same formula.

This perspective, when looking at the teacher's life so far, in terms of providence or historical development content, is it correct or wrong? Based on past experiences, it is known to be undoubtedly correct. When meeting you, I can know whether you are a correct person or not. Before seeing a company's director or president, if you meet a vice president or a young person and test them, you can immediately know everything. It's because the president is such a person. It's the same.

Therefore, when evaluating people, the teacher interacts with, deals with, and speaks with the people they love. By interacting with and teaching the people they relate to, you can immediately know. If you know Bo Hi Pak, you immediately know. You immediately know if this guy is doing well. Just by taking a few people who follow and asking a few questions, you know everything. Is that correct? "Yes." You have an important driving force that will determine the future development of the American church. You must clearly know that the driving force is involved there.

Now is the time for special fundraising. Dr. Dust attends meetings and such. If you can't do that, you must offer sincerity even with your heart. You must work. In this way, if Dr. Dust is the father, the person who goes out to work, the person fundraising is the son, and you are the mother. It's the same.

Do the mother and father laugh and think about themselves without caring about the son and daughter going out to work? You must offer sincerity for the father who went out, for the son and daughter who went out. You must have one heart and offer sincerity until they return victoriously, and you must know yourself as the invisible foundation for that. Those who do not do so will drift away.

Among them, there is Cain and Abel. You must clearly and immediately separate them. You must play the game of combining the two and educating them to create a way to manage the environment. Otherwise, Satan will invade and engage in destructive activities.

Therefore, when Dr. Dust returns from somewhere, he should not go to his office or wife first but must first find you, the person in charge, before going to his wife. The order is like this. Before entering the house, he must inquire and listen to reports. For me, when I go out and return, if Bo Hi Pak or Reverend Kwak, Lee Jae Seok, or such responsible people are there, I listen to them first, not to the mother. You must remember that. Do you understand? That's the principle view.

Therefore, you must become the subject, you must become external, and you must become internal. The hierarchical relationship is like that. Do you understand what I mean? Above you is Dr. Dust, and below you... there are three stages. In that sense, if you do not establish such traditional content here, you will fall off the path of historical development of the Unification Church in the future, which is the teacher's view in his life and activities so far. You must clearly understand this. If this is not connected, it won't work, the upper and lower. Those who are not connected at three points will drift away.

The teacher is the same. The teacher is a person who lives serving God. I must be a witness who can show this to Heaven. It's the same philosophy. Looking at this world, what is this world like? An era of ideological confusion has come to this world. The world is in chaos due to a lack of ideology. It's neither democratic ideology nor communist ideology. There is no central ideology. From this perspective, Unification Thought is needed. How to establish the content of Unification Thought is a global issue. It's a historical issue, and from the providential perspective, if God exists, it's a crucial issue that God must establish.

Even if the democratic world and the communist world drift away, our achievements remain.

So, although Unification Thought was advocated through Reverend Moon, no one believed it even when it was advocated. It went through a process of struggle until it was believed. After all scholars struggled and everything, it must be revealed in history, criticized by the democratic world, and criticized by the communist world to become Unification Thought. You must know that.

With the emergence of Unification Thought, we clearly understand what communism is and what the democratic world is. We know the democratic world and communism. Right? That's what's needed in the world. We started advocating it as a slogan. Reverend Moon stands as such a central center.

Then, among these two, Unification Thought... Both are bad, but the conclusion is that we must support and establish the slightly better one among the two. So, what do we base our decision on? From the perspective of Unification Thought, there is undoubtedly God, but they say there isn't. However, it is theoretically inevitable to decide based on the fact that there is.

Then, instead of destroying both and denying both, the conclusion is that we must analyze and teach them. Unificationism encompasses both worlds and seeks to bind them to God. It has the responsibility to clearly analyze and teach what is better, what is worse, what position it holds, what position Christianity holds, and what position the democratic world holds.

So, what is Victory Over Communism Thought? It is to fundamentally analyze communism and clearly show what is wrong and what is good. You must know that the significance of anti-communist activities through the Victory Over Communism Federation lies here. Therefore, the Victory Over Communism ideology is needed. Do you understand? Then, what is wrong with the democratic world?

The democratic world emerged centered on the Christian ideology, which is the mainstream of religious thought. We must discern what is right and wrong in Christian ideology, discard what should be discarded, and take what is good to develop. You must know that this is our Unification Principle. The Unification Church possesses all these three contents. You must know how tremendous this is, how tremendous it is. You do not realize that it is more tremendous than what the President of the United States is doing or what the Soviet Andropov is doing.

All these leaders, leaders of the democratic world, leaders of the communist world, may drift away, but you must know that the theoretical content or organizational form of the current activities will remain even if the democratic world and the communist world go away. You must know that it is such an organization.

Who moves the organization? Ideology, thought, people, and heart move it. Among these three, what is central? "Heart." What kind of heart? It's not the heart of 'I am the best!' It's not the heart of 'I am the best in the Unification Church!' or 'I am the best in the Unification Society!' It is the heart that unites and connects everything to save the world that is more important than anything else. You must clearly know this. That heart symbolizes God's heart, and if God's heart is the subject, the counterpart's heart is completed at the final destination.

What is that? What does it mean? It is to unite Christianity to make the democratic world one, and to unite this, which is divided and fighting against the communist world. The conclusion is that it must be connected with Unification Thought and fused with God's heart. At that time, the whole world supports it. Whether it's Unificationism, Victory Over Communism, or Christianity, the whole supports it.

"O, God! We are people united with you." It must be a heart that can be in such a position. "Regarding your love, if you are the subject, I am the object." It is to be able to be a loving counterpart to God in the position of having won over the democratic world, having won over the communist world, having surpassed the Unification Thought that the world's 4 billion people desire.

The Communist Party must be subdued by theory rather than force.

Until now, this was not clear. Even Dr. Dust is not clear. You must know that the teacher is clearly presenting this to you on this day. Dr. Dust might have thought, "Why do we fight against the Communist Party? Why do we fight against the established church? Why do we engage in interdenominational movements when the established church dislikes it?"

In Korea, why cause problems when everyone is struggling and making a fuss? Why is martial art needed? Why fight? You must know that the Communist Party, Satan, determines victory and defeat based on the superiority of force. When there is no power, you are always attacked. Your neck is always at risk. If we cannot maintain such a balance of power, the Communist Party will always attack. That's the appearance of Satan. Do you understand? "Yes." You must clearly understand what the forces of evil are. Therefore, political issues and military issues are involved here.

That's why Reverend Moon is making weapons. He encourages making cannons and atomic bombs. They criticize that he does not take a stance against the Communist Party's propaganda that opposes world peace. That's not it. You must know that clearly. You must know that clearly. Communism raises power and occupies when the opponent is weak, but when Satan tries to occupy using power, it is to defend against the forces of evil. You must know that it is legitimate.

Do you know that people living in the communist world, based on justice, are hoping for someone to come out and fight against communist ideology? Whether it's the Soviet Union or its satellite countries, you must know that people who are sacrificed under the communist dictatorship system are longing for a new Messiah to appear who can suppress and overthrow this dictatorship system and save them.

You must know that the Soviet Communist Party, with its 1.7 million to 2 million members, has enslaved 250 million people until now. You must know internally how much they desire a leader who can save them and are crying out for liberation from such places. I know, but since America doesn't know, I insisted. Is that bad? "No."

If you don't kill the Communist Party, your neck will be cut off. All the Unification Church members will have their necks cut off if the Communist Party attacks. Therefore, you must be prepared to sacrifice and establish an ideological system to subdue it. You must subdue it with theory, not force. Does this match the theory? "Yes."

What would God want? Would God just watch and let the Communist Party do as it pleases, saying, "Protect it with love"? Reverend Moon's claim is correct. That's why he engages in anti-communist activities. You must know how much advice I received from professors at the International Conference on the Unity of the Sciences (ICUS), from Japanese elders, or famous people, and from people in Korea, saying, "You'll die doing that."

I have a clear view. Even when Nixon was being brought down, I pointed out that when this is completely brought down, the foundation of communism will grow. That's why you must know that I fought with my life and the entire fate of the Unification Church. Now, they say Reverend Moon did well. With Carter's inauguration, I declared him my enemy for four years and attacked him daily, leading to legal battles. I was prepared for that and engaged in that game. So, during the election, I thought, "I must cut his neck." I must cut his neck.

Reagan was a guy unrelated to me. At that time, he was a guy. Nowadays, he's the President of the United States, but I declared, "I will make you a man of merit, a president of merit before heaven and earth, by uniting with my power." I did this by meeting Bo Hi Pak.

For Reagan, I made "Oh! Inchon." Do you understand? Therefore, the Reagan administration must not forget such a good movie. Even though there is good material that can unite all of America anew on God's side and allow the American people to regain pride and restart, the communists are cutting it off in every way, and the leaders of the Democratic and Republican parties in America are just watching.

From that perspective, 50 million dollars, 60 million dollars were nothing. You must know that even if I become a beggar, this was not a matter of money when thinking that Reagan would stand at the bridgehead to defend the free world before God at the end. You must know that the money was more than the total assets of our Unification Church.

I'm not a foolish man. If I were foolish, I would invest for myself. That would be more urgent. When what I'm saying becomes a fact 10 or 20 years later, it will surface, and all of America will rise, and thus this movie will reappear as a global movie. I never think it failed, even in a dream. Even if it failed, I will create a foundation to succeed with my own hands. So, I ordered the New York City Theater. I told them to take responsibility for it and make it full. Today, if you connect it with the home church leaders, filling it is not a problem. That's what I'm thinking.

So now, the Communist Party hates it, and all the communist systems in the Kremlin and satellite countries worldwide are trying to shoot Reverend Moon with pistols, rifles, cannons, and atomic guns. I'm in such a position. Do you know that? You must know that the teacher is living such a life. You don't know that I'm struggling with how to conduct global activities while breaking through such an environment. The time is near, and I want to run out, but you must know the pitiful and lonely heart of the teacher who cannot step out.

You must go ahead from the leaders.

Among the young people in America, if there are those who worry about America and have a patriotic ideology to protect the free world, and a heart of God's providential love to love the world, you must know that it is time to step forward a hundred times, a thousand times. Where do you start such a movement? Where should it start? Is it Korea? Japan? America? Where, the communist world? "America." America! That's the truth.

Who should start it? It should start from the internal administrative office. Dr. Dust must have such an attitude. If he doesn't do it, Dr. Dust must step down. Dr. Dust, you must know that you are wrong. You must change. Did it become like that? I told Dr. Dust. I told his wife, "If you don't have such content, you must quit anytime!" Did you know that you have problems until now?

You must think in principle, think in principle. If you left Berkeley, it wouldn't be direct; it would be indirect. Dr. Dust, you shouldn't do that here, I see. Dr. Dust, do you understand what I mean? "Yes." I ordered his wife not to attend meetings. I sent down an order not to open her mouth. You must know that the teacher is instructing like this. Do you understand? If there are such side effects, pretend not to know and say, "Ah, it's Dr. Dust." I'm talking about such content related to the teacher so that you can at least be able to make a clear judgment. Do you understand?

Just by seeing a few members of News World, you can clearly know whether Bo Hi Pak fulfilled his responsibility or not. Just by meeting a few people and talking, you already know everything. No explanation is needed. You must know how the administrative organization and the critical standards are moving and evolving. Do you understand? Do you understand or not? No matter how boastfully Bo Hi Pak decorates it, no matter how much he covers it up, I won't be fooled by it. (Laughter) That's how I'm looking at it. That's the principle. It's the principle view.

We have the responsibility to create one Cain and Abel.

Creating one Cain and Abel is an inevitable conclusion because it's the orbit the principle follows. The providence progresses from the unity on that orbit. You must clearly know that this is a view based on the Unification Church's theoretical logic. Therefore, no matter what kind of slander, persecution, or difficulties you face, you go with a peaceful heart, using this principle as the standard.

Let the typhoon blow, let the wind blow, let the bullets fly, even if I die, I won't be a dead person. I believe that history will resurrect me. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You must know that the education to clearly establish the upper-lower relationship, left-right relationship, and front-back relationship came from this principle. When dealing with the teacher in the future, you must clearly establish the upper-lower relationship, left-right, and front-back relationship and then come to inquire. Otherwise, no matter how much you talk... I will listen to everything but won't move accordingly. You must know that. In the family, loving parents, loving siblings, loving the subject and object, I am also trying to do so. That's how a sphere is formed.

Kamiyama, as Kamiyama himself, as a representative member of Japan, in the context of America, in the context of the world, how are you doing? Make it clear! You can't gather here and say you are right and America is wrong, Korea is wrong. I am the one who evaluates America. Korean leaders are evaluated by me, not by themselves. The issue is how they evaluate and create something. That's why I'm doing all this to connect the Korean representative and the American representative. Connecting them is my responsibility. It's clear. It's clear. I am already teaching the conclusion based on the principle. So, you are clearly being informed that Victory Over Communism activities are necessary, right?

Then, even if the established church opposes, if we don't digest the Communist Party and correct the framework, what happens? We can't save the democratic world. Therefore, even while receiving opposition, we must hold on and educate, continuing the interdenominational movement.
It is something that continues without rest even now. All the pastors of Korean churches are my enemies. If it were up to my personality, if I didn't know God's will, I would have just cut and stabbed ten or a hundred people with a sword. To create one world, I have the responsibility to make this one thing in place of God's will. It's a fateful responsibility. Even if I don't like it, I have to create one and digest it. Even if opposed, I have the responsibility to create one. That's the problem. Now, with the right hand holding the democratic world, the left hand holding communism, and with the mouth holding God, I am going to make one. This is how I think.

I am hoping for the day to come quickly when I will be opposed by global communism. Only then will the conclusion come quickly. I have been hoping for the day to come quickly when I can stand at the forefront of opposition from the democratic world and fight such a battle. This has been the motto of my prayers up to now. Christianity, Judaism, America, and the democratic world should all come together to try to beat me down. I will meet them and fight proudly. Even if they grab my tie pin and say, 'Take it off!' they can't take it off. They can't take it off from me easily. (Laughter) Even if the fight with the U.S. government is over, we have to have a second round with the Communist Party. That's the order. It is said that the Moscow conference cannot be held without these principles. Do you understand? 

Then what comes next? Where will we go next? Where is it? The earthly paradise like Jerusalem. That's the goal. Is that right? "Yes." It's not something to talk about now, but you should know. It's the path that Moonies have to take. You are the ones who have to go there. You should know that you are the ones who have to go there. You are saying, 'What about this and that with such a small matter, oh, I'm having a hard time, what about this and that,' while there is an insurmountable mountain left. Many people in the world respect me, but I still can't have a proud heart.

I think I have to go even if I have to dig a pit in the ground or make a submarine to go under the sea. Even if they praise me now, I say, don't oppose me when the time comes. Even if you praise me like this now, when the time comes, you might oppose Reverend Moon... Do you understand? With all kinds of sincerity, I am going that way, trying to go up. So, you are the same.

If I am the commander here, should the commander take the lead, or should the squad member take the lead, or should the platoon leader take the lead, or should the company commander take the lead? Who should take the lead? "The squad member." Why? Why, why? Why is that? Ah, it's good if the commander stands at the forefront! You should know that if the commander dies, it's a big deal. War is not something that ends with one war; it's a series of wars, a war of revenge. There are several more to come, so what will you do then? What will you do?

You must resolve to die 
Even if we die, we hope for the day when our younger siblings and descendants can gather and win in a great war. Isn't that the purpose of a dying soldier? From that heart, when I quietly think about Jesus' position, I understand Jesus well. Jesus had to take responsibility as a global commander, but he had to gather small fry, fishermen, and do it, so how could that have gone? So, he said, those who want to die will live, and those who want to live will die. If you can't resolve to die, it won't work. This is a fixed truth.

Look. How do you think Jesus' disciples, who were persecuted in Galilee, could overcome Judaism? Could they win in the war against Judaism and the war against Rome? It's impossible. When you see John the Baptist and Jesus fighting, and when you see him saying, 'My kingdom is not of this world,' you should know how desperate his position was. Isn't that right, Bohee? Isn't that right, Kwak Jeong-hwan? Isn't that right for you? It's not. That's what I think. Do you understand what I'm saying?

So, for that purpose, we should be training hard now, but I can't announce it, and in this situation where we are being driven politically and in many ways, I can't speak, and you should know how miserable and pitiful the teacher who is responsible for dragging you there is. You should know that. You should know that you can't have a heart to eat, look at the sky, look at the ground, and stretch your legs and rest.

You have eyes, right? You have a heart, right? America is dying. You should know that it has become a living corpse. Your country is going to ruin. Then who will save it? Will Reverend Moon save it? You have to save it. If I save it, there will be many obstacles. I can't break through the opposing environment.

If you don't seek, your sons and daughters will suffer like that. The teacher's heart doesn't want to leave such ancestors who are chased and despised. It's all unnecessary. You should look carefully from Wall Street in New York to New Yorker. How many temptresses come to seduce you? It increases every year. It increases every year. You should know that.

I have witnessed the difference between ten years ago when I came to America and now, which is like heaven and earth. We have to act quickly. We have to turn around wherever we go. Then who should do it? The Moonies, the Moonies should do it. That is already a revealed fact. Ten years ago, when I came and said, 'Ah, America is going to ruin,' you didn't want to hear it, right? Now you will see it with your own eyes.

When I met senators and congressmen and spoke, they snorted, but now you will see it with your own eyes, and you will say that what Reverend Moon said a few years ago was right. But it's too late. It's too late. When I came to this country, I didn't sleep at night, saved time, and chased after meeting congressmen and famous people in this country every day.

If Americans had supported Reverend Moon, would I be sitting here like this until now? Think about it. Would I be living like this and spending time here? If Americans had welcomed me. Look. I treated the American president with sincerity and God's heart. But I was betrayed. I treated senators with sincerity and God's heart. But I was betrayed. Also, I treated the American people and the American Unification Church with sincerity and God's heart. But I was betrayed.

They are trying to bury me in the Pacific Ocean and the Atlantic Ocean. You should know that.

But I must not die. I must survive. I must survive. You should know that. You should know that there are many times when I walk with this body that feels like a thousand pounds, and my legs stagger without realizing it. There is a living God, and I cannot leave this victory behind. Every time, I endure.

Look. I created The Washington Times in May 1982. Who would take such a loss and try to save America, to save the free world... American rich people don't even dream of it and have given up, so why should Reverend Moon, who has nothing to do with it, who should forever trample and curse this country to ruin, do this?

The rich think Reverend Moon is the poorest. They think he is one of the poor. Just as it is harder for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven than for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, by doing what the rich in this country couldn't do, I intend to save the weak nations of the new world. Even if the Anglo-Saxon whites perish, I will be the one responsible for saving the chased and pushed minorities. Know that.

By saving America, I can save Korea 
So, for the first time in history, as soon as I created a minority group, I immediately created a fund of two million dollars. I didn't create any funds for other places. There is no fund for ICUS or any organization. I am going out with this thought alone. By doing so, I saw it as a standard that could release all the historical grudges of the whites who massacred and exterminated the Indians. Therefore, even if they oppose me, South America will support me, Asia will support me, and blacks will support me. Because the God I promised is alive, I feel it.

So, when you see this, God is alive. Because I know God's heart to save these whites by saving South America, I am not tired. Even in court... So, knowing God's will and deep heart, I am preparing South America to save these opposing forces. How miserable would God be if it weren't for that? When I know such a deep heart of God, I am comforted and go silently.

So, now that we are in such a position at the end of the times, we must know the purpose that we must simultaneously engage in the Christian unification movement, the movement to create one democratic world, the liberation movement of the communist world, and the work of creating a unified world. You must know this. With a desperate heart, I have no country or anything. You must know the miserable state of Moonies, whose eyes, nose, ears, mouth, and all limbs are in shambles.

So, I told Kuboki, 'You, the person responsible for Japan, prepare an emergency deposit of five million dollars a month.' I told the person responsible for Europe, no matter how little money there is, to be responsible for ten million dollars. I told the Korean representative to be responsible for twelve million won, no matter how little. You must know these pitiful and desperate circumstances that I cannot help but issue such orders. So, the teacher in such a desperate position is doing all this to make you participate in even one step of the heart that can be angry and wail.

So, how much is it for the Moscow journalists' conference? From now on, we must continuously carry out this movement. The time has come when we must prepare for massive activities, and who will be responsible for the economic power to carry this out? Why, why do we have to do such a thing? Because we have to go to Moscow. Why create the Summit Club? Because we have to go to Moscow. Why create a minority club? Because we have to go to Moscow. Why hold a scientists' conference? Because we have to gather global cultural figures.

You have done many things that you don't even know about. Many Unification Church members are in Moscow, in the Soviet Union, everywhere. They are all in satellite countries from Beijing to Manchuria.

Why are such conferences necessary there? You must know that when the Communist Party opposes, we are preparing printing presses that can print materials there. Do you understand? "Yes." You must mature, mature. If you have met the teacher for ten years, you should mature a bit. There are three main goals. To create one democratic world, we must unite Christianity.

Therefore, our association headquarters is not the problem. You must know that we must lay the foundation for a global interdenominational movement by investing several tens of times the funds of the association headquarters. Then, what is the representative country in those three? Where is the place that always suffers and is always a fierce battleground? This is the problem.

The country that suffers the most between communism and democracy is Korea. Isn't that the case now? Families are being destroyed in front of the Communist Party, and sons and daughters are being sold in front of the U.S. military... You don't know what miserable stories there are. Therefore, the conclusion is that if there is a God, the unification ideology that can dominate this world must come from Korea. You must know that the country that can unify, the country that can unify, is Korea, more than anyone else. You must know that it's certain.

Also, Korea is the place where the democratic world and the communist world can exchange. It's not Germany. It's Korea now. America knows that. Now I'm relieved. To win, America needs the victory ideology. America needs it to defend against communism. The day America has the victory ideology, communism will squeak.

But who controls the Koreans? The Americans are controlling them. You must know that. They say this and that, with aid and whatnot, and set conditions with material. So, I decided to attack Americans spiritually. That's why I started laying the foundation in this country. Let America oppose if it wants to.

God protects, and the conclusion is that the day is near when Americans will kneel. This is not about destroying America but saving America. By doing so, God will save Korea. There is enormous power there. There is enormous military power. There is an enormous religious foundation. We must organize underground movements of the Communist Party centered on home churches.

But God has also worked through history to... Weren't you all people who fled during the religious persecution era, centered on Protestantism? You were extracted. You are in the position of Abel in front of Catholicism. You gathered Abel and created a country. It was to prepare for the coming Lord, the returning Lord. It was God's preparation, the 200-year history.

One nation under God! There is no such view in the world. The view of one world under God is the Messiah's view. The Messiah's ideology is one world under God. Therefore, I said in this country, 'America, your president must listen to me, and everyone must listen to me. You will live if you listen to me; otherwise, you will perish.' I proclaimed this at the beginning of this year. If you don't listen, I will surround you.

Does the Reagan administration not need us? Is The Washington Times unnecessary? They are completely caught. Now, the Republican Party wants to stay as far away from Reverend Moon as possible, but since the satanic Communist Party is biting, they have no choice but to unite tightly and lead to protect Reverend Moon and must beat the Communist Party. Hey, this is all because God is protecting. Such words are heard on this earth. You must know that.

Richie is a person who dealt with the comprehensive strategy from the Soviet KGB to China, North Korea, and Vietnam. But Reverend Moon coming out with The Washington Times is a big deal. Centered on CARP, we are completely organizing the entire university world. We are completely tying up the academic world centered on universities. Is it the FBI that wins, or is it the CIA that wins? (The recording is briefly interrupted)

Then who will the teacher be? Will you become the president, or will the teacher become the president? "The teacher." Why? The president is kicked out after four years, but the teacher goes on forever. (Laughter) Therefore, you must become a person who can actually educate in every field. So, we realized, 'Ah, the interdenominational movement is absolutely necessary.' Did you understand? "Yes."

Next, Christianity alone is not enough to create one free world. So, through the God's Conference, we are already binding world religions. Now, such authority has already been formed. To dig up the system of communism, to organize all underground movements in the free world, it must be the home church system, home church. Do you understand? When religion respects Reverend Moon and knows God's will, an airtight organization centered on the home church organization is necessary.

What is this year's slogan? "The home church is our settlement." This is not a fantasy. You must know that everything is being matched according to the program. What kind of teacher will you become? In the future, you must become a teacher who teaches the Unification Principle, takes responsibility for religious integration, and then corrects communism and teaches the Unification Thought in front of it. Without becoming such a teacher, you cannot go to the earthly paradise as a global citizen. When you enter the earthly paradise, you transcend religion and transcend communism.

What is the mainstream ideology? It's not knowledge. It's not power. It's not money. Until now, human love has been self-centered love, but God's love is about sacrificing oneself. It's simple. Therefore, even Reverend Moon, until now, in America, in the free world, what tradition did he try to leave? It is sacrificing for the free world.

It is to plant the love of sacrifice. Even if opposed, by loving the enemy, he tries to leave a tradition for the enemy. How difficult is that? It's not self-centered love.

Because God is like that, because he was with God, when the time comes according to God's direction and the direction of God's son, everything can be said to be accomplished. In front of God, who has love, in the position of a loving son, you can become one, and then, by loving God, loving humanity, and loving the teacher, when this is globalized, it becomes the earthly paradise. Such a conclusion comes out.

Let's create a Unificationism boom in front of 4 billion people 
Why is it necessary on this earth? It continues just as it is in the other world. When you graduate from elementary school, what you learned is connected to middle school, right? What you learned in middle school is connected to high school, high school to university, university to graduate school, and graduate school to the doctoral course. You must know that it is exactly the same system. If you don't do it, it won't connect. So, no matter what sacrifice you have to make, no matter what difficulties there are, the conclusion is that you must complete this work, so the Unification Church emphasizes it, trains you, leads you, and teaches you to adapt to it.

Look. If a person who wants to go to the mathematics department studies literature, studies law, and then tries to study when entering university, it won't connect. How do you connect it? At that time, oh, it's a big deal. What do you do? You have to go back and go through the mathematics course, from elementary school to middle school, high school, and university again. It can't be done as it is. It absolutely can't be done.

So, you must know that even people in the spirit world must go through the earth to go. Reverend Moon knew that. Reverend Moon knew that. It's the first time in history. No monk, no one, not even Jesus knew, but Reverend Moon first knew this. So, even if he is cursed, he has to struggle, even if he doesn't like it, he has to struggle and educate and train everyone. He has no choice. Reverend Moon is trying to save you.

If you fail after entering the mathematics department, who do you blame? At that point, it doesn't matter who you blame; it's useless after you fail. You can't even come near the university. They kick you out. You can't even come near the university. You understand? So, you go to hell. There's no choice. It's theoretical. It's theoretical. It's not vague. It's clear, Reverend Moon's thinking. Here, Dr. Dust, Mr. Choi, Park Bo-hee, Lee Jae-seok, Kim Sang-cheol, no one is an exception. There are no exceptions. If there were exceptions, I would take the exception path before God. Reverend Moon is a genius, a genius. From the world's perspective, he has a genius strategy, a genius mind.

What I said today must be clearly taught to the Unification Church worldwide through documents in the future. It must be clearly taught. At that time, if you say, 'Teacher, I didn't know. Why didn't you teach me?' I won't know. Do you understand? "Yes." So today is a historic day.

So, what activities will we do from now on? From today, the leaders in America must expand the Unification Thought, develop it in an interdenominational and super-ideological position, and create a boom that 4 billion people can welcome, surpassing the underground movements of communism. You must know that this is the task.

People around the world don't like victory ideology, don't like the Communist Party, don't like democracy, and don't like Christianity. People around the world say, 'Hey, do communism,' and they say, 'I don't like it!' 'Do victory ideology,' and they say, 'I don't like it!' 'Do democracy,' and they say, 'Oh, I don't like it!' 'Do Christianity,' and they say, 'I don't like it!' What do they like?

They like Unificationism. They like everything being unified.

So, when you look at it like that, everyone likes Reverend Moon. South America likes him, too. We have reached a stage where they like him. This time, because AP and UPI are supporting Reverend Moon, when this turns around, if the free world opposes the Unification Church, when they oppose, the world... So, we must bind these two together. The democratic world and the communist world.

When you look closely, they say, 'You didn't know either!' They meet and say, 'This is the enemy! This is the enemy!' They say, 'Oh, didn't you know? I didn't know either,' and they sit there. Unificationism starts here. So, I am holding onto Unificationism and advocating it in South America. I ordered CARP activities to advocate Unificationism. Absolutely do not speak about criticizing communism.

The liberal-leaning journalists in America say, 'Oh, what's this? Anti-communism, oh!' They say this. There are many who were embarrassed in Congress by anti-communism. They don't like it. America itself doesn't like it. The political world itself doesn't like it, nor does the media world. They all don't like it. Politicians, journalists, Christians, religious circles, all organizations, economic circles, and everything else don't like it. The Communist Party doesn't like it either. The Communist Party doesn't like it, but when they say, 'Oh, Unificationism!' they are interested. Everyone is interested, everyone.

While opposing Christianity, they say they hit each other. Even though they say they are doing democracy, it's all like that. Even the Communist Party itself says, 'Oh, Unificationism? I thought communism was the best, but it's Unificationism?' When they look into it, it's wonderful. Anyway, they welcome it. So, they go to the communist world and see if it's better than communism, better than democracy, and compare it, and then they say, 'Let's think again.' That's how it is. So, young people, university students, and professors smell it and start researching.
It's about change. 
When you ask someone, "Would you choose democracy or unification?" and they say, "No! I want unification," they do so without being taught, based on their own thoughts. People who have embraced communism compare it with unification and choose which to prioritize. They end up discarding communism and establishing unification.

Mobilize for the CAUSA Movement

Then, when you understand the traditional ideology of unification and the progressive historical process, you can't avoid the issue of religion. It's automatically chosen. Victory over communism also emerges automatically. It will be historically evident that we have engaged in the movement for church unity, religious unity, and anti-communist activities centered on the Communist Party. It will be proof that we have worked to unify the communist and free worlds. 

So, when you stand firmly with the Principle on your right foot and the anti-communist theory on your left, declaring, "Here I am!" you become a child of God. It's not the end of destiny but the beginning of a new ideal. From there, the organization of the earthly paradise is formed. At that time, where does Reverend Moon go? He marches toward the earthly paradise. When God asks, "How did it go?" Reverend Moon will answer, "I have completed everything." "We also desired a world of peace." Everything is correct. Is it certain? "Yes." Is it certain? "Yes."

You can dedicate your life to this new movement. Without dedicating your life to the Principle movement, the anti-communist movement, and the unification movement, without dedicating your life three times, you cannot achieve substantial resurrection centered on both spirit and body. So, since you can't do it alone, you divide it into parts.

If you are a people, you are the third prince, the third prince. Black, white, yellow. An Asian comes and unites whites and blacks. The Communist Party instigates conflict between whites and blacks through blacks. That's how reconciliation happens. Is there any objection?

Just like the wind that rose in South America, I command the preparation to start the CAUSA movement across North America from this time. Do you understand? Just as I started when I came to this country, we must now schedule and launch a massive movement in major cities to create issues. If the media supports us... The media will support us. All local journalists and state leaders will support us.

Are you preparing to issue Washington Times press credentials to all state leaders? "Yes." Do it all. Mobilize the media and everything, centered on the unification ideology, to confront the Communist Party... The Communist Party will emerge. Catholic priests will emerge. Koreans say that Catholics claim, "I am a Catholic-style Unificationist!" Unificationists say, "I am a Unification Church-style Unificationist," and communists say, "I am a Communist-style Unificationist." (Laughter)

Why did Reverend Moon, who is smart, suffer so much without advocating unificationism from the beginning? Because indemnity restoration remained, it couldn't be helped. Now, it's like this. Once the home church is established, everything is over. The world will completely... Whether it's the Communist Party, the Mafia, thieves, or gangsters, everything will be known in our hands. Where? In the home church.

In America, if we do it all, how many are there? About 200,000? It's not much compared to 240 million. America has 70 million households. Is it 200,000? "Yes, it's 200,000." Divided by 360. It's 200,000, 200,000. Do you think the Communist Party will survive in that world? Will prostitutes survive? Will thieves survive? Try it.

Their children can't go beyond three generations. They can't go beyond three generations. They can't connect three generations. In that world, the grandfather, father, and grandson absolutely can't go. The grandfather and father might go, but the grandson can't. The four-position foundation is not established. Do you understand? "Yes." God is the grandfather, Adam and Eve are the parents, and the descendants are the children. That's three generations. If you can't establish the four-position foundation, you will perish. Dr. Durst! "Yes." Here, Mr. Park! "Yes." Here, Mr. Kwak! "Yes." All leaders must follow this principle and launch the Unification Love Movement toward the national organization.

This movement involves all organizations, CARP, the Ocean Church, the Unification Church, the Professors Academy, New ERA, and everyone related to it. It's a total mobilization. So, we must create a boom. We must spread it rapidly. Complete the video tapes of the 2,000 couples film, the 6,000 couples film, the journalists' conference, and all events up to now in a short period. "Yes." Where did the person in charge go? Appoint Sodeyama as the person in charge and Matsuda as the deputy. It's good to cut it off in advance if necessary. Do you understand? It's a personnel measure.

And Kamiyama, collect everything from the video center or whatever is being done in Japan, review it all, and quickly complete the video tapes with all the content applicable to America. Then publish a book separately from the video center, discussing it with Mr. Kwak. Do it quickly. Don't delay. "Yes, we are making it now." Do it quickly. Hurry. "Yes."

Next, Seok Junho! "Yes." Did you meet Mr. Choi? "I met him briefly." Meet him, discuss everything, and then hand over the transition. Eldridge Cleaver was active, and then there's Makarenko from the Soviet Union, whom I instructed to guide. Prepare to continue that.

If it's really difficult, who will do it? "It's Lee Sung-woo." Lee Sung-woo. It's okay to take him around for about a month. Do you understand? "Yes." Yes? "Yes, I understand." Cooperate as soon as possible. Now, focus on educating these people with all the ideas and content being discussed. Of course, activities are necessary, but focus on education. Do you understand? "Yes."

Next, prepare to have Dr. Durst speak in front of the Communist Party. Is it overwhelming? If it doesn't work that way, I'll step in again. I'll step in again. If it doesn't work that way, I'll step in again. I'll come out with a direct hit. If I go to the university campus, thousands will gather. Do you think I won't do better than you? I'll do better than the CAUSA conference.

Those who are prepared will prosper, and those who are not will perish.

In the future, as part of the preparation process for Reverend Moon to sweep across America and the free world, you must put all your sincerity and effort into CAUSA activities and CARP activities. When I go, what if the state's senator, congressman, or responsible person introduces Reverend Moon? What if the mayor and police chief introduce him? It's not far off. When they see the Washington Times' name value, they'll do it immediately. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes."

Moreover, since local ministers know that Reverend Moon is at a high level and has global achievements, they won't dislike it but will welcome it. Then, the university president and famous professors there will form a club and organize a "Reverend Moon Welcome Support Committee." How about that?

Then, whether it's a month or two in advance, if you prepare it in advance, an event like this will happen in the state, with professors, police chiefs, mayors, senators, and congressmen all coming out. Will the broadcasting stations want to broadcast it live or not? When preparing, will the broadcasting stations want to interview and broadcast why they support Reverend Moon or not? Then, "AP, UPI, Reuters, don't you know about this?" They'll say. There are plenty of media outlets that will support me. When they see this, if they just say, "We've been deceived by the Communist Party until now," there won't be anyone left to say Reverend Moon is bad. Do you understand?

Then, "Reverend Moon might appear at the CAUSA conference or CARP conference!" Saying this, I just need to briefly appear in ten places in 50 states. How about that? If I appear in five or ten places out of 50 states, it's not a lie. Then, "All those moved, I'll treat you to a banquet in the evening, so come to the banquet venue!" That's all I need to say. Then, we only bring in the people we need. We pick them out from the audience.

For some level of people, we tell them not to receive tickets, or when they leave, we give them tickets, saying, "You can bring one or two friends." By doing this, we can gather all the local notables. Then, I say, "I'll cook, so ask questions." The teacher has the skill to shoot down any challenge with a single word, no matter how they come at me. "Hey, shut up, you brat, how capable are you? I'm doing this and that." I shoot them down with a single word. How about that? When we stir up a storm in 50 states, will we still be called Moonies? Will you still oppose Moonies, you rascals?

Therefore, from March 1st, we will plan and push forward with the Washington Times, and I command all national leaders at this time, Amen! "Amen." After March 1st, don't look for where the teacher is. Do you have time to look in this busy time?

You'll need money. What will you do? Do you only have your mouths? I did that play alone when I came to this country. Gather together and try what I did 10 years ago. You can't complain. I came 10 years ago without a penny. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." Will you do it or not? "We will." Is your mind clear now? "Yes."

The words I say to you are for the whole world. Knowing this, as I said earlier, understand how important your responsibilities are. Now, instead of the teacher, I hope you will work diligently in the internal aspect without shame, as you are related to the headquarters. Amen. "Amen!" Thank you. (Applause)

Is there anything to eat here? Even rice cakes... "Yes, everything is ready." Now you understand clearly, right? So, you made the general factory, the martial arts dojo of the theological seminary, and the dojo here in Belvedere. Now you understand. When the teacher commands, you can bring any weapon. How about that? Did the teacher prepare well? "Yes." Those who are unprepared will perish. Those who are prepared will prosper.

Therefore, America must strongly act on disputes and everything. The Reagan administration must be strong. It's not about fighting, you rascals. This won't do. Therefore, Unification Church members must do it with ability. Ability is what makes history. Whether in money, intellect, or organization, I am playing this game to create capable people. *

True People and True Church

There are two types of people in the world. One side is right, and the other is wrong. When viewed from the center, if one side is right and the other is wrong, what will happen?

The world is divided into right and wrong.

Then, when viewed from the center, if there is good and evil, how do they separate? They can't just go back and forth as they are. The direction must change. This is the right side, and this is the left side. (Drawing on the board while speaking) We say the right side is on God's side, and the left side is on Satan's side. Also, the top is on God's side, and the bottom is on Satan's side.

Then, who should be in a straight line with me? Who should be in a straight line with me to be true? "God." Ultimately, the person who should be the greatest, if you draw it, centered on me, family, tribe, people, nation, and world, it becomes vertical like this. Horizontally, it looks like this, but vertically, it is like this. Vertically, it is all like this, but if you look at it horizontally, it becomes like this... If you lay it down and look at it, it becomes like that, and if you stand it up, it becomes like this. (Drawing on the board while speaking)

Therefore, the line that has gone up is one line, one. The vertical line is one. The vertical thing is the standard of truth, but what is the vertical center of truth? That's the problem. Today, when we look at the world, there are laws, ethics, and morals. Then, what is the law? There is law centered on the constitution. The center is always the constitution. The concept of the constitution is different for each country, like the United States or Germany. In such a world, you cannot find the center point, the law, or the constitution mentioned here.

Then, what is the center of that law and constitution? Depending on its content, the country and the world change, and you need to know that. Today, in countries like the United States, it's free democracy, right? Freedom is guaranteed in the constitution with freedom and some ideology. Then, the law centered on the constitution, maintaining order in the social environment, and the American people become like that. In America, privacy and other things are enjoyed freely. They don't teach which is the center between private and public matters. The issue is complicated.

Then, which is the center? Is the public the center, or is the private the center? "The public is the center." Then why can't you interfere with private matters? If you center on the public, the public can control the private. The center is meant to control all its subordinates. If the eye says, "I have privacy," if this is the center, then the eye is all in the center. If "I" is the center, then my eyes and everything else must go to the center. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes."

Then, what is the United States formed around? It is formed around the individual and freedom. Therefore, Americans can't do what they want with the country, the church, or themselves. Therefore, they follow the zigzag path of democracy. Isn't that right?

When the Democratic Party is in power, it goes this way, and when the Republican Party is in power, it goes that way, zigzagging. What is this? If there are two factions, the communist world and the democratic world, it can be the Communist Party or the Democratic Party. That's how it is. When zigzagging, the purpose is to do it big, like this, like this, to do this, not to do this, like this, like this, and go this way. (Drawing on the board while speaking) This straight thing is not to be confused by zigzagging.

Without Godism, the democratic world will perish.

Then, what is the hopeful world? Is this world hopeful, or is this world hopeful? "The first one." That's what it is. Then, where is America currently? Is it in this position or this position? "The second one." The first one! "The second one." Oh! Do you like the bad path? "No." You need to know that. Therefore, democracy and everything else are not absolute standards but process standards to find an unchanging ideal world.

In this American situation, are Americans interested in making America or the world one? They are not. Then, what about the Communist Party? It's the opposite. They are doing underground work to make America their own. In this way, the conclusion that America will become a world dominated by the Communist Party in the near future is inevitable. Communism aims to make the world one. Do you understand? The democratic world must be two worlds. It must be two. The Republican and Democratic parties must exist.

Then, when comparing the world ideology of communism, which aims to make the world one, and the democratic world, which is okay to go back and forth, which will remain? Which will be consumed, and which will perish? In this way, America will perish. The democratic world will perish, perish. Does it seem that way? "Yes." Is it logical? "Yes."

The Communist Party is atheistic. There is no God. We are observing whether they can reach the final decisive conclusion to make the world one centered on the idea that there is no God. From this perspective, it is inevitable. In the end times, when the world can become one, Satan will... When asked who will make one first, Satan will do it first. According to our principle, falsehood comes first, and without taking measures against such a standard that moves with the world as one, the conclusion is that it will perish. Therefore, currently, the established churches and religions are completely collapsing in front of the Communist Party worldwide, and democracy is completely collapsing. It's the end times. We can find the end times here.

In the end times, if the communist world is Satan and the democratic world is God, who will win? Is it Satan or God? "God." Hmm? "God!" What will God win? The world is not one yet, and the democratic world is like this, will it win? "Father." No. I'm asking now. "New ideology." (Laughter) That's a later issue. Do you understand? Therefore, the free world must perish! It must perish. Then, the conclusion is that God must perish. Is that so? "Yes." Is it no or yes? "Yes."

Then, what will you do? Will you perish or disappear? Should God perish? Should He disappear? "No." I don't care about freedom or democracy. What is needed now is an ideology that can strongly advocate making this world one, centered on God and God's ideal. Without such an ideology, the democratic world will perish. Perishing is the principle. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes."

Today, in the free world, in the civilization of countries like the United States and the United Kingdom, the fact that the Unification Church emerged centered on religion is a historical and great event. You must know how great an event it is. (Applause) Therefore, "America is not enough. Judaism is not enough. All the Communist Party is not enough," and Reverend Moon is fighting, representing the entire world. You must know that.

Democracy is about fixing difficult things like this and finding this, not finding this. (Drawing on the board while speaking) America says, "Oh, we must do everything democratically!" Communism dreams of world domination, but America can't do it with democracy. You must know that. I am now speaking revolutionary words, saying that I must do this, representing the American people and the free world. I am speaking revolutionary words. Now, Reverend Moon is the most feared person in the democratic world.

Then, while Satan's side is trying to make this world one, when God sees the free world like this, will He say, "Oh, Reverend Moon is a scary person?" No. "Hopeful." Hopeful for whom? Hopeful for God or hopeful for America? "God." Then, America...
What is it in the country? In the world of democracy, he is a scary person. If everyone opposes Reverend Moon at that time, would Satan like it? Would God be sad? Satan? "He would like it." So, America is on Satan's side, on Satan's side. It means it will perish.

True love is the center of God
Now, what becomes a problem here is the right path. The right path is one world. Is the right path one direction or two directions? "It is one direction." It is one direction. That one direction is the path of God and the true path. Then what will the Unification Church do? What does the Unification Church do? Is the Unification Church two directions or one direction? "It is one direction." It is one direction. What is the center of that one direction? What is the center of one direction? "God." It's God. Then what is the center of God? What is the center of God? "True love." What? "True love." True love? "True love!" Have you seen true love? "No." You haven't seen it. How can you see it? True love is the center of God. That's the problem.

Then, when operating in this universe, what is the center of the center? If the democratic world itself is centered on God's love, then two factions are okay. If it is centered on God's love. If it is centered on freedom, it will perish, but if it is centered on God's love and becomes the center, then it doesn't matter if there are left and right, up and down.

Until now, Christianity has been the center of this democratic world centered on God. That's what it was. Christianity controlled it. 'Oh, that's wrong. It went up. It went down. This is left. This is right.' It controlled it like this. Now, what is it that tried to go straight despite being zigzag? It tried to go centered on God's will.

So now, where have we come? We have entered the stage where there is or isn't a center with God. We have entered the stage of the democratic world and the communist world. There were many paths. How many were there? Now, only two are left. The world is bound to decide whether it is communism or a world centered on religion on God's side.

But there is no ideology to create one democratic world. Can Reagan create one? Can a U.S. senator create one, can a congressman create one? They can't create one. Therefore, this is about revolutionizing Christianity within the United States itself. It is about revolutionizing Christianity. We must revolutionize the Christianity of the free world. The conclusion is that there is no other way but to unite the worldwide Christianity and the entire spiritual world to counter the Communist Party, which has created one party globally.

If God exists, when Satan is on the side of the communist world and God is on the side of the democratic world, does God like the democratic world being swallowed by the communist world or the democratic world swallowing the communist world? "The democratic world swallowing the communist world." But without power, how do you fight? Won't your neck be caught and you die, your neck caught? You're sick and have diarrhea and are about to die.

Now, when God sees this desperate situation, would God think, 'Oh, I wish Reverend Moon would go to the earthly world and brainwash everyone to make them digestible people'? Would He think that or not? "He would think that." How much does He want it? How much does God want it? "He wants it very much." He wants it 100%. 'It's serious, it's serious!' He would say such things. God is in a serious position.

Let's digest the Communist Party, Christianity, and America

There is only one strange organization in the world now, and it's neither a religious organization nor a communist party nor a democratic party, but a peculiar group has emerged, and that's the Moonies. (Laughter) It's neither a communist party nor a democratic party. If you carefully analyze the content of the Unification Church, the Unification Church says, 'We must create one established church, a strong established church! We must create one democratic world, a strong democratic world! We must create one communist party stronger than yours!' That's what it says. So, America opposes it, but God is interested. Is God interested or not? God is more capable than the free world, so the conclusion is that He must oppose the free world. With Reverend Moon established, God says that since the free world opposes, it means to break it with force.

So many dogs in the neighborhood, yellow dogs, red dogs, white dogs, black dogs, spotted dogs, all kinds of dogs bark 'woof woof woof...' and Reverend Moon is running away. The whole world is like this... (Laughter) When dogs bark 'woof woof' in the east, the teacher goes west. When they bark 'woof woof' in the east, Reverend Moon is already in the west. He is laughing at the barking dogs. He is laughing while looking from behind. (Laughter) When they realize Reverend Moon is not there, they say, 'Oh, those foreigners are gone! Huh? Woof woof...' That's what they are doing. (Laughter) There is nothing to look at outside of heaven. So even if you tell them to bark, they don't bark. They don't bark. These days, if you hit them with a stick, they go 'yelp—.' (Laughter) That's what Moonies will do. How do you feel? "Good."

So, we must digest the Communist Party. Let's digest the Communist Party, digest Christianity, and digest America. Americans don't like that, do they? 'We don't like Reverend Moon,' they say? (Laughter) Reverend Moon has conquered the free world and America. It's true. Is it true or not? "It is true." Is it true? "Yes." No, it's not! "It is true." No, it's not! "It is true!" That's right. So how hard must Reverend Moon be working? And how hard must the Moonies be working? This is our situation today.

Now, if God exists, would He help us or not? "He helps." If God exists, we must have a decisive ideology that He can only help us. We must know that we must have a decisive ideology that He can only help us. If God exists, He can only help us. You must know that and have such an ideology. And if you don't do it, you can't. We must go beyond America, beyond the free world, to that place. Do you think the path the Moonies are taking is right or wrong? Think about it theoretically and rationally. "I think it is right." Do you understand this? "Yes." It's already been an hour. (Applause)

Americans think 'it can't be done,' so Americans will perish. If a person with cancer is left alone, they will die, so should we operate on them or not? If left alone, they will die. They will perish. Cancer is a fatal disease. Now, should it be done by free will or by force? Which one? Free will? If done by free will, they will die. If operated on by force and the cancer is cured, they will say, 'Oh, thank you!' America is in that position, isn't it? "It is in that position."

Do you think, 'If America wants to die, let it die, we will just watch. Our enemies who opposed us should all die,' or do you think, 'Even if they are enemies, we should operate on them by force and cure them'? What do you think? What do the Moonies think? Do you think, 'America is our enemy, so it is good if it dies. That is our hope'? "No." This is the time now. You don't have time to say it's hard or whatever.

Now, these days, there are opponents to Reagan's military expansion. The Democratic Party opposes it, so Reagan will go down again. Now, the Communist Party says 'no, no' to Reagan, and if the Democratic Party takes control and reduces military spending, the Soviet Union will applaud and say, 'Oh, well done.' Then should America go the path the Soviet Union dislikes or the path it likes? "The path it dislikes." The Soviet Union is watching America now. All American youth are taking drugs, but in the Soviet Union, if you take drugs, you go 'click—' straight to the grave. Why? It is to dominate America and the world. Military expansion is to swallow America. You must know that.

Now, when God thinks, would He want a stronger president than Reagan in America, or would He want a president who stands against Reagan's government? "A stronger president than Reagan." Also, if the entire nation opposes Reagan during his time, would the next president take the path of reducing military spending, opposing Reagan, or not? Think about it.

Then, the U.S. president is the center of the country and the center of the democratic world, but should the center go back and forth, or should other things go back and forth? Should the center go back and forth? If the U.S. president keeps going back and forth, it won't work. The president must have a complete principle of defeating communism. But it is not established. So America will perish. When communism is on Satan's side, God will be with those who say they will defeat communism, but if there is no interest and they lose to communism, God will leave. It's simple.

To stand in the true position, you must be better than anyone

So, if God exists, I think He sent Reverend Moon to the boundary line, at such a moment, 10 years ago. All Americans should listen to Reverend Moon. Then, when asked if Reverend Moon has fulfilled his responsibility, Reverend Moon's words are, 'Since Americans are sick, the doctor must be brought from outside. Since America is sick, Reverend Moon came from the East.' How real does that feel? When there is a fire, it's the same with firefighters. It means everything has been done. Everything has been done.

I have been crying out that if America dislikes it, it will perish. Yet, 'Even without Reverend Moon, there are plenty of Americans. Oh, what is this Korean Reverend Moon? Can a Korean person help America, save burning America?' They all oppose it, thinking it will disappear, but it hasn't disappeared and has grown for 10 years. It didn't just train young people but now even scholars and doctors and theologians have been trained.

At first, 'Oh!' they said. (Makes a face. Laughter) Now, even within America, there are many who say Reverend Moon is necessary. Even the Washington Times, which initially said they didn't want to do it, now says, 'The Washington Times is absolutely necessary! Necessary!' At first, they said, 'We don't like Reverend Moon's newspaper, the Washington Times.'

Now, this Congressman named Leach from Iowa said, 'The New Right team of the Republican Party is all united with Reverend Moon to overturn America and even the U.S. Constitution,' and fought but fell within Reverend Moon's support. He said Reverend Moon was conspiring with the New Right to overturn America. (Applause) He gathered about 70 journalists and promoted it, but during the interview, he completely surrendered and ran away.

Now, the Washington Times is something the communists want to eliminate. Within America, Reverend Moon's movement is trying to destroy all the communists, but America is not supporting this and is trying to destroy it by uniting with the communists. Where is there such a satirical statement? Then, where did the true American people, the true American church, the true America go? Americans say, 'America is a true country,' right? Many Americans think America is a great country, a true country. Also, church members say the American church is a true church. Then, Americans say they are good people, good citizens. What about Dr. Dust? Is he a true person? "Yes." (Laughter) It's a big problem.

Now, listening to the teacher's words, are Americans in a true position or a false position? "A false position." What about the American church? "A false position." Is it good or bad? "It is bad." Then, what about America? "It is in a bad position." Do you feel good? "No." Is it pleasant to say in front of the teacher, a Korean from the East, that Americans, the American church, and America are bad? "No." It's embarrassing, right? "Yes." You must know that. You must know your shame.

Therefore, to not be a shameful American, you must have pride. You must be better than the teacher. You must have the concept of 'I must be better than Reverend Moon. I must be better than the Japanese.' Should you do that, or what should you do? "I must be better." You must be better than the Japanese, better than the Koreans, and better than the teacher.

When you look at it that way, the word 'better' is good. Is it better that Americans eat a lot while Japanese eat a little? (Laughter) It's true. 'Japanese people sleep a little, but Americans sleep a lot.' How much better is that? 'Japanese people work like ants and get thin waists, but we will play and get thin waists.' How is that? "I don't like it." (Laughter) American women like that ant waist. Japanese people worked hard and got thin waists. American women always want to have thin waists, right? There are these two concepts. American women want to have slim waists.

Now, when you look at this, Japanese people who sweat are going up, and Americans are going down. It's true. Most Americans don't like working. Isn't that right? Isn't it? "No." Japanese people work hard, and they want to do so. It's true. So, will you be worse than the Japanese? "No." Will you be better? It's something to think about.

Americans want to work five days a week, but Japanese people work six days a week. If you keep doing that, you will lose. You will lose. The Moonies say, 'Let's work 24 hours a day, seven days a week without sleeping.' That's how you win. (Laughter) If you do that, who will be the victor? "The Moonies." If you do that, you won't lose.

If you don't decide to die, you can't go the path you want to go

Now, Reverend Moon is trying to make you, the American Moonies, work to death, how is that? Is this a true teacher or not? "It is a true teacher." Look, at first, you said, 'I like Reverend Moon,' dancing and being happy, but as you are made to work more, you say, 'I don't like Reverend Moon.' (Laughter) Even if you dislike it, you are told to work, so how bad a teacher is that? "No." (Laughter) I am telling you to decide that you are already dead. Have you already decided that you are dead? "Yes." Really? "Yes." Then, the more difficult it is, the more you should say, 'Oh, my day is near. Now it's my time.' How serious is that? It's that serious.

In the past, the word Christian—Christian was not a good word. It means Jesus freak. Jesus tried to break through the Arab world centered on Judea and Rome at that time. He tried to break through the opposing world with the determination to die. Have you ever thought about breaking through with the determination to die like Jesus? You must stand in that position. You must stand in that position. Jesus, who knew that, said in the Bible that if you don't decide to die, you can't go the path. If you don't make such a decision, you can't go. Do you understand what I mean?

Now, the final battle is taking place, and two countries are fighting, and since the life and death of the country depend on winning or losing this fight, if you don't go out and fight with the determination to die, there is no way to live. It's the same. You must know that it is the same on both sides. Jesus, who stood in the position of a commander with a small number of people against a mighty enemy, had no choice but to say such things. How serious must it have been? When you look at it this way, how many Moonies of Reverend Moon are there? It's the same position. 'America opposes, the Soviet Union opposes, the whole world opposes, but here we are, playing comfortably, dating, and playing!' Is that possible? You must think about that. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Even though we have suffered and are still doing so, it's still far away.

Look at Japanese women. When you look at Japanese women, do their faces have a worried expression or a hopeful expression? Look at American women. Do they have a hopeful expression or a desperate expression? Then, how about the teacher's face? (Laughter) "It is hopeful."

Recently, the teacher ordered in Japan, 'Women with two children, since the foundation of the family is already restored, leave them and go out.' Also, 'For those who are living and men, you can have children when you meet, so if you can meet once a month, meet.' And he ordered a total mobilization. At that time, Japanese women said, 'Ha ha ha, what is this? I thought my waist would get thicker, but it really did.' How is it? How are Japanese girls?

American women say, 'If you want to do it, do it, if you don't want to, don't!' Right? (Laughter) Now, what that means is that when America gains independence, the wives of the independence army, Americans stay still, and Japanese people come and make America independent. Then, after independence, is the country America or Japan? (Laughter) That's obvious, but let's see if we can drive out the Japanese and see how the Americans are. Let's see some Americans with good taste. Let's see Americans who think the world is theirs. How is it?

Then, should Americans follow behind the Japanese and run away, or should they run ahead and say, 'We will do it'? "We must run ahead." The answer is easy. But acting is not easy. Most Americans don't like working. I know that well. So, what about American women? "I will work hard." The thought is the same. (Laughter) Is thinking good, or is acting good? Is acting good? "Yes." Who said 'yes'? You want to work like playing the piano, right? (Laughter)

In the future, the video era will come, so let's buy theaters and lay the foundation

Now we know here. What should be the center? God is the center, but what should be the center of God? This is the problem. What is the center? The center is true love, true love. Then, a person who wants to be the center is a person of true love, a church that wants to be the center is a church of true love, and a country that wants to be the center is a country of true love. This is the conclusion.

Now, what is a true church? It means a true man. It's not the American president Truman. (Laughter) It's not that Truman. (Laughter) That Truman was wrong. (Laughter) He should have followed MacArthur's words to defeat the communists. By not doing so, the free world suffered a lot, the church was ruined, and many paths to ruin America were created.

So, the teacher is making the movie 'Oh, Inchon' to reenact MacArthur's operation. Since Americans like MacArthur, it must be connected to religion. By uniting with Reverend Moon, a new religious leader, a new world emerges, so a huge amount of money was spent to make 'Oh, Inchon.' However, because communist countries oppose it, it is now paused and stopped. It is paused and waiting. But it is not over.

Therefore, I am trying to buy American theaters to show this. (Applause) While applauding, you think, 'Oh, how much will I have to die and wake up to buy theaters?' Reverend Moon is such a person. He brings victory while being on God's side.

If you leave three women in charge of theaters, and a thousand people come to the theater a day, selling 300 tickets is not a problem, I think. It's not impossible. Selling 200 tickets means it's no problem in five days. That's what I think. If you think the hardship is clear, women should pack their bags and run away. (Laughter)

Now, why does the teacher think that way? Because the video era is coming to the world. So, I am trying to create a video center. If you have something like a theater or a hall, you can prepare everything. You can do everything. If you have such a place, it is possible. That's how I see it. That's what the teacher thinks.

The theaters are empty now, so you can buy them cheaply, cheaply. (Laughter) In Tarrytown, I put the orchestra in the underground theater and did everything. That's how it's done. How is it? If you make it like that, there is no problem. There is plenty of money. There is plenty of money. (Laughter) The bank is full of money. If you can make a profit, they will give you as much as you want.

Now, if you have five people in the theater, in 10 years, you will become the female manager of that place. How is it? The theater and the office, I mean. How is it? "Good." The situation is not good now. But in just 10 years, it will be wonderful. That's what I think. (Laughter. Applause) If I tell you to sell tickets, will you sell them or not? "I will sell them." If it is 5 dollars each, selling 200 means a thousand dollars, so 500 dollars will definitely remain as profit. So, instead of fundraising, we should do more here. Now we are fundraising, but in the future, we will give you all salaries. How is it? (Laughter) That's what will happen.

We have no foundation. So we need to lay the foundation. Once the foundation is laid, money will come automatically. How is it? "Good." That's natural. Do the American Moonies know their goal clearly? "Yes." Yes is Jesus. (Laughter)

Now, should we buy theaters? "Yes." How many? "Almost all." (Laughter)

Since 1975... In the future, universities, graduate courses, and middle and high schools will all study with video tapes. The teacher has already seen it that way. So I thought about creating a master's course. I gave the order to start making tapes.

We can control world-class scholars. Right? Now, Reverend
Did Moon lay the foundation to control scholars worldwide? "Yes." Once such a position is established centered on videotapes, universities will no longer be necessary. Just passing national and global exams will suffice.

Do you know that in Japan, we are already evangelizing through video centers? In the future, evangelism won't even be necessary. Videotapes will handle everything, doing more than four times what people can do. Do you understand? "Yes." You should know that I promised to support the establishment of video centers in America with 1.5 million dollars. I instructed that this year, we start in major cities with 1.5 million dollars, 3 million dollars for American churches. It's quite difficult to secure theater locations, but how great would it be to just use theaters? They have coffee shops and everything. In the evening, they can be used as theaters, and workshops can be held there. Anything can be done there, right? "Yes." Isn't that so? "Yes." (Applause)

Shall we do it or not? "Let's do it." So what are we trying to do? "Save America." Shall we start this year or not? Shall we do it? "Yes." Who will earn the money? "We will." It's Father, isn't it? "No, it's us." Should the church earn money, or should you earn money? "We should." That's how it is. Raise your hand if you welcome this. 

If we organize in groups of five, and each theater costs a million dollars, each person needs to earn 200,000 dollars. It's simple. Women, I mean. If you say you'll do it, I'll support about 300. How about it? "Sounds good." You should all buy theaters. Then we should screen the movie 'Oh, Inchon.'

Currently, in America, they think 'Reverend Moon failed with the movie Oh, Inchon.' But the day it succeeds, the theater district and Hollywood will definitely be tied to me. So, is it better to do it or not? "It's better to do it." If you buy a theater each and then complain about the hardships, you shouldn't. You shouldn't complain until you become the owner. Do you understand? "Yes." Can you promise? "Yes." At that time, you can ask for a loan. I can even buy a bank. I will buy it. How about it? (Applause) Time has passed a lot.

Then, what is true love? Is there a lot of love in America? Is there love or not? "There isn't." What is true love? What is true love? Where does God's true love go?

What is the path of true love? That's the issue. Where does it go? A person who vows to love God eternally is the possessor of true love.

So, in determining true love, this is the center, the center of the universe, but if true love is not determined, one cannot define a true person. What kind of person is a true person? It's a person who lives with true love. It's simple. In that sense, where does true love follow? That's the issue. How will it go? "Giving love..." You need to know what giving love is. You need to know for sure. What is true love? It's the love that vows to eternally serve the center. You need to know that. You need to know for sure. You can define it that way. Do you understand? It's the core. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."

Then, if the core of God is love, what is the core within God? It's love. To go eternally for God's love, for that center love, is true love. That is true love. It's to love with core love. Everything is intoxicated with core love.... Do you understand what that means? "Yes." That's what true love is. True love is to eternally love the central core. It's the love that vows to love eternally.

The core is God. Then, what is the center within God? It's love. Do you understand? "Yes." What is true love? "God." God, God is the center. That center, God, is love. To eternally love that love is true love. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Then, with that thought, there is true love on the path to finding the individual. You must meet it.

And in God's command, there is absolute obedience, absolute obedience. There is no dissent. It transcends both life and death. Therefore, there is no denial in the command of the center of true love, the core of true love. Do you understand? "Yes." So, you all do the same. No matter how fierce a woman with sharp eyes may be, when true love comes, she tries to absolutely obey. Such a woman is a woman with a strong self-assertion. She is quick in her senses. Are you all like that? Are you, or aren't you? "Yes, we are." It's true. (Laughter) That's why you are blessed. So, do you like your partner? "Yes." You may not like them now, but live together for about three years. It's simple. When you have good children and live, you come to like them.

I've learned everything while living my life. I know Americans at a glance, and I know what will happen to America at a glance. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." I know whether what I do will fail or succeed. Because there is no time, I am shortening the time. You can trust the teacher, right? "Yes." Even in faith, I see that, excluding God, a man like the teacher is trustworthy. I don't know what our mother thinks, but that's her freedom. (Laughter) Do you understand?

What is true love? True love is God's love. Then, what is the path of true love? If you vow to love God eternally, you become the possessor of true love. It's simple. Why is that? The characteristic of love is eternal. It's eternal. Therefore, to meet the condition of love, it must be eternal. Only when you vow to eternally face that love can true love form a relationship with you, making it inevitable. Do you understand? Do you understand the concept? "Yes." Love is eternal. Love is eternally unchanging and unique. Therefore, since it is 100% composed of such content, our own self must eternally have a heart towards heaven in dealing with true love. It's theoretical.

The path the Unification Church takes is the path of true love.

Then, within America, what path do you, the Unification Church, take? It's the path of true love, true love. Since you must walk the path of true love, you must already be in an eternal and unchanging position. Are you like that? Have you decided 'I will go eternally'? "Yes." Have you really decided? "Yes." Then, we must test whether it is firm or not. Should we test it or not? "We should test it." That's necessary. When you go to school, you have to take tests, right? You have to take a test.

Then, we must conduct an eternal and unchanging test, a test that cannot be changed. What is that? It's a test of whether it changes or not. So, I think this way. Saying that God is an unchanging God up to now was a wrong advertisement. Because it came out based on the standard of being the only God and the absolute God, God is undergoing a global and historical test, asking, 'Are you really like that? Let's see.'

Also, Satan tests. Even if he makes a fuss saying he will change the unchanging, it doesn't budge. It doesn't change. If it wavers there, it's not the unchanging God. That's why it's calm. 'Yes, yes!' it says. How about it? Therefore, when you think about why the absolute God is accused by Satan, you can't help but think, 'Since God is unchanging, He is doing so to maintain an unchanging position against the changing Satan. That is God's position.' In that sense, Satan's personality is a changing personality, and it is not unique or absolute. It is entirely opposite to God. This is the problem. Do you understand?

Now you have understood those two concepts. Then, if these concepts have become the center before you, when you look at yourself, if there is a changing heart and an unchanging heart, which is closer to God? The unchanging heart is closer.

Then, are you a changing person or an unchanging person? "An unchanging person." Why? Why is that? Because you dislike Satan and want to be on God's side. You need to know that. You want to be one with the unique. What are you? Are you unique or not? "Unique." Therefore, wherever you go, Satan tries to divide, and God tries to unite.

Then, when you look at whether it is absolute or relative, is your belief in the Unification Church absolute? "It's absolute." Why? Why do you like the absolute? "Because God is absolute..." Why is it because of God? Because God's nature is such, and you must resemble that to be a partner. You need to know that it is quite theoretical.

Then, will Satan go to God and say, 'God, you are absolute to me'? "No." Then what will he say? It's the opposite. You are eternal, and I am momentary. You understand everything, right? I am standing between these two concepts. So, I have no choice but to say that I will absolutely enter the character realm that God likes. Isn't that right? "Yes." 'Ah! So it has come to this,' you now know that, right?

Also, why does God say He is eternal? Who is the concept of eternity centered on? Who is the concept of uniqueness centered on, and who is the concept of unchanging centered on? Is it centered on God Himself, or is it centered on the partner? You need to know this. This is important. It's important. Did He start with Himself in mind, or did He establish such a character with a relative concept in mind? "The partner..." You need to know that for sure. Do you understand? "Yes." The concept was not started with Himself in mind but was set with the partner in mind. This is theoretical, theoretical.

In this way, even if people in the world change, the conclusion is that God has no choice but to remain still. Therefore, even if the wicked people of the world curse, we need to understand that there is no choice but to remain still and calm.

Then, how should we humans find the path of true love? We humans also desire the absolute, unique, and unchanging. We want such people, right? Is that said with oneself in mind or with the partner in mind? "The partner." Alone, there is no need for the absolute. Alone, there is no need for the unchanging or unique. It is unnecessary. It started with the concept of the partner in mind. You need to know this. God was like that, and humans can be like that, so God and humans can establish a subject-object relationship and love each other. That love is eternal love, and that's how it comes about. That is true love.

The unity of subject and object is only possible in true love.

Then, what binds the subject and object so tightly that they cannot be separated? What will they do together? Are they trying to see each other, or are they trying to become one? Are they trying to become one? What can make them one? "True love." Money? Power? Knowledge? "No." Then what is it? "True love." True love. Love. What is the concept of love?

Then why do we like love? Because it can conquer everything. Therefore, love can enter inside and come outside, it can always enter and always come out. What does that mean? It means I can enter God, and God can enter me. In the Bible, Jesus said, 'I am in you, and you are in me, and the Father is in me, and I am in the Father.' What does that mean? It means it is possible only in true love. You need to conclude everything like that. The Bible did not conclude it. It means it is possible only in true love. No matter how aloof women may be, when true love is in that aloof heart, the love of their husband is in there. That's how it is. Do you understand?

When you think about it this way, why doesn't God just sweep away and destroy this world? You can understand that the absolute God is waiting for an absolute person to emerge who can say, 'I am unchanging, eternal, and absolute.' He is waiting.

Therefore, when someone can say with true love, 'I am unchanging, eternal, and absolute,' God will say, 'You are,' and begin to act. How about the Moonies? How about you? Do you like the teacher? "Yes." How? Absolutely? (Laughter) Do you like him unchangingly and uniquely? "Yes." Then that man must have true love.

Then, what is a true couple? It is a couple with such a character. When that happens, what are they? They are a true man and a true woman, and they become a true pair. Do you understand? "Yes." Then what is a true church? It's the same. It's the same concept, centered on eternity. A true nation must have such content. If I kick you and say, 'Hey, are you a true Unification Church member?' how about it? (Laughter) Even if I kick you, you must not change. Even if you roll around, you must not change.

Look. When you think with such a concept, why is a sheep offered as a sacrifice? A sheep, once it meets its master, does not think of another master. It's absolute. Even when its wool is cut, it stays still and endures the cold. It stays still even when its wool is cut. Even when its neck is tied, it goes 'Baa—.' (Laughter) So, among animals, it is the best. Ah, that's really... Therefore, even when Jesus died before God, he was like a sheep. He said, 'Baa—,' 'Not my will, but Yours be done.' It's the same.

So, what are the Moonies? As disciples of Reverend Moon, what should you become? Should you become sheep or goats? "Sheep." (Laughter) There is no dissent. Among you, those who received the blessing this time, raise your hands. So, are you an ideal couple, a middle couple, or a bad couple? "An ideal couple." You all know. You know for sure. What are you? "An ideal couple." Thank you. (Applause. Laughter)

When you kiss, do you like it to be temporary or eternal? "Eternal." Many Americans like temporary kisses, right? (Laughter) It's true. I've seen it a lot. Temporary kisses are unnecessary. (Laughter) American women and men have loved for just one night until now. I've seen it a lot. How about you, how about you? Are you like that? "No." Is it a one-night love, a one-month love, a one-year love, a ten-year love, or an eternal love? "Eternal love." (Laughter)

Therefore, in seeking God's eternal love, if a couple has not established a foundation to love eternally, no matter how much they become one with the eternal God, even if they become the eternal partner of God, they cannot find it. This is a natural theory. You need to know for sure. Then, what about the teacher? If the teacher says such things but acts differently, is that teacher a true person or a fake person? "A fake person."

Then, when choosing and establishing a mother, was it done appropriately and temporarily, or was it done unchangingly, eternally, and absolutely? How was it done? "Eternally, unchangingly, and absolutely." It's the same, the same. There is no other thought about the mother. Now that I'm in America, if the teacher has a lot of interest in American women, then... When you look at American women's eyes, they are very blue, and their skin is very white and slender, should I think, 'Ah! I wish I could love that woman once,' or not? I'm sorry, Mom! (Laughter) It's the same, the same. Even if there is something enchanting, I think of it in the sense of a younger sister, in the sense of an aunt, in the sense of a daughter. I think that way. That's the principle view, the principle view. I think of them like an aunt and like a mother. There is only one loving wife and husband.

Reverend Moon came to this earth to create such a world. He is taking responsibility to create it in this world. Even though I have become world-famous, and in Japan, all the women follow me around, there is no need to even dream of thinking, 'They are following to take my husband.' There is no need to even dream of thinking they are tempting me. It cannot be different. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

In the past, you Americans have walked all sorts of crooked paths, but now you need to be guided to live straight, and that is the Unification Church. Have you decided? "Yes." Have you decided in your heart? "Yes." Have you decided deeply in your heart? "Yes." There is no wavering. It is eternal and unchanging.

Now, you have received the blessing, but before listening to the teacher's words, was your heart like this or like that? How was it? Was it firm, changing, or eternal? Be honest. "It was not eternal." Then, loving your husband and wife is a sin. It becomes a sin. You need to know how difficult it is. You call and say, 'I love you.' You can't trust the word love when it comes to American women. Is it one night, two nights, or eternal? You need to realize how fake you were, how filthy, how bad, and how much on Satan's side you were.

Heaven is unique, absolute, and eternal.

Now, because you were born with this purpose, you must prepare for eternity. You must prepare for eternity. If this is not done, you cannot participate in God's realm of love. This is a statement for eternity.

Therefore, what is the scariest thing in this world? It's divorce.

Even hearing the word divorce is scary. Therefore, you must eliminate the word divorce. (Applause) Compare it with yourselves. How happy you are. A true Moonie thinks the word divorce is unnecessary, but if you are not a Moonie now, you might think it's normal and that you can divorce anytime. Thinking about divorce like that means you are not a Moonie.

If God were such a being, and if a person who goes to God is like what I just said, that God would be a fake God and a useless God. God's ideal and God's world of love would not be. It is absolute. You need to know that it is absolute. We must research it daily, using it as a standard. We must research it daily. If I represent the world personally, I cannot change even on the path of death. I must always connect it with death. Centered on my family, I cannot change. If there is an unchanging national command, I must always have the confidence to stake my life.

In that sense, the difference between Jesus' twelve disciples and Jesus himself was that concept. One was willing to go even if it meant losing his life, and one ran away because he didn't want to lose his life. (Writing on the board) Here is hell, and here is heaven. It cannot be helped. It cannot be helped. Is it clear now? Heaven and hell, the world managed by Satan and the world managed by God, are different. Heaven is unchanging, unique, absolute, and eternal.

For such love, God was willing to give up His life. God Himself was like that. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Once you have love... Adolescence is not something that comes all the time. It's once. The love of adolescence is the greatest love. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." I am trying to educate you with this standard. Such a person cannot live in a changing world. Hell is a changing world, and you cannot be there. You automatically move to an unchanging world. Is it clear? "Yes."

Centered on me, it splits into two. When it changes, it goes this way, and when it doesn't change, it goes this way. (Pointing to what he wrote) When it is eternal, it goes like this, and when it is temporary, it goes like this. When you are called a traitor, what is that? It means you are a changing traitor. When you make a temporary promise, it becomes like that. Do you understand clearly? "Yes." After listening to the teacher this time, you will not be able to forget it.

Now, the slogan 'Home Church is our settlement' was used, but to settle, you must settle. When you go to do home church, everyone opposes it, but you must organize and settle everything that opposes it. If there is opposition, a fight breaks out. Then it cannot become one. Then, was the home church created appropriately by Reverend Moon's will, or by God's will? "By God's will."

Then, is this a movement that can change, or a movement that cannot change? "A movement that cannot change." It's a changing movement! "A movement that doesn't change." No, no, no, it's a changing movement! "It doesn't change!" No! "It doesn't change." So, is this a temporary movement or an eternal movement? "An eternal movement." You do know. Is it an absolute movement, or is it case-by-case, the opposite of absolute? (Laughter) "It's absolute." Absolute means 'Oh, I haven't eaten, so I don't have to go. Oh, my stomach hurts a little, so I don't have to go.' Is it like that, or do you have to go even if your stomach hurts? Which is it? "You have to go even if your stomach hurts." That's right.

Then, as the person responsible for the Unification Church, when the teacher talks on Sunday morning, should he speak appropriately for fun, or with an absolute mindset? "With an absolute mindset." The teacher must also have something. When Mr. Kwak came and said, 'Oh, everyone is out fundraising, and only a few will be here, so let's stop,' I said, 'No.'
I did it.' I have such thoughts, whether it rains or not. That's the mainstream ideology, the mainstream ideology. Whether you stayed up all night or not, that's not an excuse. (Applause)

So, what is the path of true love that I mentioned earlier? If you go to the home church with such a heart of love and treat all the people in the home church, you are qualified for the foundation of love for the world, heaven and earth, and all nations. It may be small, but it becomes a crystal. It may be small, but it becomes a crystal. You digest everything opposing with love, like God. However, if Satan continues to persecute, he feels sorry. Then, when there is no one left in the village to persecute, Satan retreats. What I want is for such people to gather in the Unification Church. That's my wish. If that happens, what about the church? "It is a true church." It is a true church.

So, now we must create a nation where we can live in this era against America. (Applause) We haven't had such an ideal nation. So, we must create such an ideal nation. That is our hope. When such a nation is created, the world will automatically become one. It's true. In the heart of an individual, this universe has such eternal qualities. It's the same for individuals, families, nations, the world, and even God.

Looking at it that way, how precious would it be if I saw you with such eyes in a changing world? How much can the world change? Our Unification Church is in such a process, so white people go anywhere through black families. You can go anywhere. True love can go anywhere. Then, when Americans say, 'Blacks can't come in, Asians can't come in, only whites can become the president of the United States,' is that a true country? "No." How much work do we have to do?

When you think with such a concept, how pitiful would God feel when seeing this? I think we should sympathize with God.

Therefore, it is important to think about true people, true churches, and true nations. If that happens, the world will be extended. The cosmos will be extended.

When I came back from labor, exhausted and about to fall asleep, I would say to God, 'If a man says he will go, he will go even if he dies. I will go even if I fall.' I trained like this. As long as I am conscious, I will continue on this path. That's the difference between me and you. It's the difference between God and me, right? Let's liberate such a God. Is that an easy task? "No." It's truly a big deal. If you can't do this, you can't go to heaven. If you can't do this on earth, you have to do it a hundred million times more in the spirit world.

Even if I beat you to death, you shouldn't feel resentful, thinking you don't know your parents' hearts and cursing them. You should be able to not even dream of such things even if you are beaten every day. How cool is that? Think about how cool that is. Heaven said you can't enter unless you are like a child, and children forget everything a few hours after being scolded and cursed. They forget everything in a few hours. That's a great play.

Even if I am cursed and persecuted by God and beaten to the point of death, I have no resentment towards God, no matter how much I suffer. Whether God treats me well or not, I don't think, 'Oh, God, why don't you recognize my suffering?' I don't think like that. Even if God dislikes me, I have already decided and am going. I just follow. How comfortable is that? The most developed nation in such calculations is America. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You now know where true love, centered on true love, begins. You know the deep content.

So, even if there are many people in the world, shouldn't I think that I should be like that when God sees me? 'Even if the world is astonishing, if I alone can comfort God to this extent...' Shouldn't it be like that? When God sees people, if no one in the world thinks about it, but Reverend Moon thinks about it, would God like it or not? "He would like it." He would like it just by thinking about it, so how much more would He like it if I acted on it? 'Reverend Moon did well! Did well...' As He cheers, He finds Himself already doing it. 'Oh my, oh my,' He says. (Applause) 

Create a church that loves like siblings in front of parents

So, look at the people next to you as such people, see Unification Church people as such people. We are siblings. As siblings in front of one parent, whether night or day, if I say I will always love with eternal, unchanging, and absolute love, how good is that? How high is that dimension, how warm, how happy, and how absolute is it? From each other's standpoint, thinking I should protect and help, how beautiful is that?

So, we should make our church such a church. When mobilized by the church's orders, everyone should be mobilized, and there should be no exceptions. 'Because of this, because of that, I couldn't go, so I will do tens of times more,' thinking like this is such a beautiful heart. Then, those staying behind to take responsibility in other areas and those going out to work can love and support each other. That heart is excellent. Isn't that the country we hoped for? Also, if the world were like that, how wonderful would it be?

Therefore, greetings should change in the future. When we travel abroad, since we don't know when we'll meet again, we say, 'Let's meet in the spirit world.' (Laughter) That should become a very natural and pleasant way of greeting. A new greeting, 'Let's meet in the spirit world,' is quite long. So, we express it in one word like 'Ah—', or say 'E— Hi—', or 'Ha—'. Ha— Ha—. (Laughter) Do you understand? "Yes." Does the thought connect? If you think, 'I have become such a person, facing such a teacher in the morning, listening to such a teacher's words, passing through such a country, such a world, such a spirit world, meeting such a God, and uniting in eternal love with such a God, with God in me and me in God. I am now progressing and advancing towards such an ideal realm,' how wonderful is that? (Applause)

Heaven's persecution is a condition to love

God's love is the core. We must align our goals there. We must score, score. In soccer, no matter how many shots you take, you must score. Now, if you say, 'I will control eternal activities and score at the center of God's love,' how wonderful is that, people! If it doesn't go in, you keep doing it. Keep practicing, again and again.

When I went to Germany and watched soccer, when a goal went in, the audience stood up and cheered 'Wow—'. I was amazed, thinking, 'Wow, that's cool.' The universe will be like that. It will stand up, cheer, and make a fuss. Now, God and Satan, God's side and Satan's side, are playing love soccer. Then, when it scores in God's heart, how will the universe react, the universe? (Laughter)

To score that love, personal love must be perfect, church love must be perfect, national love and world love, and God's love must be perfect. Then, score! (Applause) That's Reverend Moon's dream. But we've come this far. We've come this far. (Gesturing while speaking) Now we are at the center of America. We must go to the center of Moscow. Entering there is what we desire. (Applause)

Does that seem like Reverend Moon's imagination, or does it seem real? "It seems real." Think about how deeply we have developed the theory and come this far. Up to the absolute authority, absolute justice has come this far. Then it's all. Have you read such things in any philosophy books? "No." Have you read such things in any philosophy books? "No."

Looking at it that way, aren't you in the best educational place right now? There are many tests there. The test questions are scary, difficult. They tell you to fundraise, evangelize, and say, 'Die, die.' When you say, 'Oh God, I'm dying!' He says, 'Hey, you! It's a test, a test.' That's what it is.

So, knowing that, let's create a true nation now. Do you understand? "Yes." So, go out with the sign saying, 'I am already a true church person.' Even if 240 million Americans oppose and block, I will go, even if they say no, I will go. Even if the communists oppose, I will go! Then, even if Satan opposes, I will go! Even if God tests me, I will go! You take the test. Do you think like that too? "Yes." Will you decide at this time? "Yes."

If one Reverend Moon dies, about a hundred successors of Reverend Moon will emerge, so it's okay if I die. Right? If Reverend Moon dies, should we abandon this path or continue? "We should continue." Then what if I leave you and run away at night? "We will follow." If I leave without saying goodbye, I must come back. If this principle exists, that's what it means. (Laughter)

So, would you prefer I love you and leave, or beat you and leave? "Beat and leave." Why, why? Because I love you, to love you. That's why God also kept persecuting and beating Christians and religious people in this world, but why? To love later. How cool is that? This is correct. That's why the Bible promises, 'Blessed are those who are persecuted.'

Therefore, if you don't know the content of this truth, it's a problem. The issue is that I have more to do, and I have a path left to go, but there's nothing to worry about. The universe is set to welcome me and be on my side, and you must know that. Do you understand? You will know as you go through it. You will know as you go through it. To establish a true nation, let us advance! Amen—. "Amen." (Applause) *