Collected Speeches of Rev. Sun Myung Moon
124
Compiled by the Rev. Sun Myung Moon Speech Compilation Committee
Foreword
                   President of the Family Federation for World Peace and Unification  Hwang Sun Jo

Table of Contents
  Foreword …………………………………………………… 3
··························································································9
······················································································· 70
·····················································································156
·····················································································165
·····················································································190
·····················································································277
·····················································································400
·····················································································400

 
7 
8   
9 
Heavenly Principle
You have the consciousness of being members of the Unification Church. The word "unification" means to gather and encompass everything. 
 The Meaning of Unification
Then, what do we center on to become one? What do we center on to unite? That is the question. If you look at a company, a social organization, or any group, they unite centering on a certain profession, the company president, or the leader of the organization. 
Now, when we look at ourselves as individuals, we unite our bodies centering on our minds, and we unite with the work and life we aim for. Through life, what do we do? We grow. We develop. Therefore, to develop, we cannot center only on ourselves. You must have such a concept. In individual life, the body and mind must become one and unite with the work you aim for. These three must become one. In an organization, the leader and members must unite centering on the work, and in a company, the president and employees must unite centering on the work. 
10   
The same applies to a nation. The president must unite with the people centering on the national policy and the goals of the nation. In our families, the family members must unite centering on the parents and the traditions of the family. 
Then, what is central in becoming one? Where do we start? That is the problem. In a democratic style, everyone starts together. How nice would that be? But that is not possible. We must determine a center. Today's democratic method suggests that we select a central figure by drawing lots. Therefore, where we start and what we center on is a very important issue. 
 The Mind that Seeks Goodness is Above Education and Law
Now, in the world of human beings, does the world of the mind develop? Does the mind learn right and wrong, or does it know without learning? How is it? Is the mind, the righteous mind, under education, or above education? This is not yet organized. You say the mind develops or does not develop, is above or below education. You can take various positions. 
Then, what is the fundamental? "It is God." Of course, the mind awakens through learning, but the mind itself is righteous. The righteous mind surpasses the standard of education. Now, how big is the mind? You have a mind. It is invisible, but you have a mind. How big is it? You say it is as big as a person, but is the mind within you as big as you, or bigger than you? "It is bigger." (Laughter) 
Now, how big is it? If you follow what the mind tells you to do... If you had money, though you don't now, and you gave that precious money to the poor, and after giving it to all the nearly ten million poor people in New York, would your mind say, "Ah, that's enough," or "Hey, do more. There is the world, do more"? What do you think? 
Then, if you gave it to all the 240 million people in America, what about the 4 billion people in the world? Can you just leave them and only give to America? Does your mind say that? What would your mind do? Would it stop at America? "No." Then, would it be the same for people in small African countries as it is for people in big countries like America? "Yes." 
Was that taught, or did it happen naturally? "Naturally." So, it is above education. Of course, an evil mind needs education. We must know that the original mind that seeks goodness is above education. 
And there is law. In America, there is the Constitution and various laws. Is the mind below the law or above the law? "Above the law." If it is above, how much above is it? "..." Then, if there is a universal law above American law, is the mind below the universal law or above it? "Above the universal law." That is how the mind is. 
 Each Mind's Direction is Different, but the Purpose is the Same
In the Unification Church, there are laws. Centering on the Principle and its content, there are regulations. How frustrating it must be to live within the bounds of regulations when the mind is above the law and education. If the mind is above the law, even if the Unification Church says do this or do that, you could ignore it all and do as you please, couldn't you? "No." Why should you keep it? Why? If the mind is above the law and education, why must you follow small regulations? This is the question. Why is it necessary? This is the question. You must know why we need it. 
If the mind has a starting point, it has directionality. Where is it going? (Drawing on the board while speaking) Do you think so? "Yes." All actions must follow a direction to conclude with a purpose. This is the principle by which the world of existence continues. We need direction. 
Your minds are all big, but the character of each mind is different. The mind's fabric is large, but it varies according to individuality. The direction is different. However, through the action of the mind, the purpose to be achieved by the mind is the same. The purpose is the same, but the direction is different. 
When we think of a circle, let's say your mind is like this circle. It is the same as this. It is like a circle, but it has numerous directions. When this one starts, can it decide its direction as it pleases, saying, "Ah, I'll go this way. Isn't this great?" Also, when there is a circle, is it better to have it round or slightly oval? "Round." (Drawing on the board while speaking)
When you look at the moon, it gets smaller and then larger, larger and then smaller. We breathe in and out the same way. It is the same action. It rises and falls, falls and rises. Air is also made of strong and weak forces. When the wind blows, it goes whoosh—why is that? The wind also moves like this. Air itself is made of such content. Air itself is like that. 
So, do we prefer an oval shape or a round shape? What do you prefer? "Round." Round. Then, if this person's mind prefers a round shape, and that person's mind prefers a round shape, and everyone prefers a round shape, should we draw thousands of circles or just one? "One big circle." One circle. (Laughter) How round is that mind? It is universal, a universally round mind. 
Then, roundness means there is a concept of 360 degrees. Then, from here, from one point, from the mind's direction starting at 10 degrees, where will it go? When the universe rotates, how nice would it be to go here? It will go the opposite way. (Laughter) Therefore, the principle is that it moves centering on 360 degrees. Without this, it cannot meet the zero point, it cannot return. 
Then, the mind standing here, of course, performs circular action—centrifugal and centripetal action—but is there no way to go like this from here? (Drawing on the board while speaking)
Does everyone's direction have to be long and short? Then it becomes a horn-like circle. It will become all sorts of circles. Within this 360-degree circle, the distances must be the same. To have the same distance, where must it pass through? It cannot be like this. The whole cannot be like this. It cannot be, it cannot be, it cannot be. But there is only one way it can be. Do you understand? Even if there are ten million lines, they are all equal. They must absolutely pass through the center. You must know that it is an unchangeable principle. It must pass through the center. (Drawing on the board while speaking)
 
It Must Pass Through the Center for Unification and Harmony to Occur
Why must it be so? Because unification occurs there. Because it becomes one there. "I don't need a center. I do as I please. We are a democracy! Let's decide the center by drawing lots!" Can you do that? From 1 degree to 100 degrees, "Ah, we don't need 360 degrees. Let's decide the center here among ourselves." Can that work? (Drawing on the board while speaking)
What is absolutely necessary is 360 degrees. That is absolutely necessary. Is it necessary? "Yes." Is it absolutely necessary? What is it? What is it? "It is absolutely necessary." Americans need 360 degrees, and Asians need 360 degrees. Past people and future people are the same. It is absolute. There are no exceptions. It is absolute. It is the same before God and anywhere in this earthly world. 
So, what we must know here is that 360 degrees is absolute. There are no exceptions. It is necessary for the teacher, for you, for grandparents, for grandmothers, and if you go up, it is necessary for God and the universe. How is it? Now, what if it is 359 degrees? "It won't do." Can you say, "359 degrees is enough"? Can you do that as you please? That is disqualified, disqualified. It is treated as waste. Wouldn't it be nice if it didn't exist? Those who advocate democracy might like it if it didn't exist. Can the law established in a democratic way last forever? It changes with the development of the times. Therefore, there is no absolute concept outside of 360 degrees. 
Then, even if you go to a chemistry lab and look at the actions of all elements, do those actions change with the times, or are they eternal? "They are eternal." People also have something like that. People also desire 360 degrees in their ideals. That must be acknowledged. They desire a round sphere, not a flat one. 
Then, is the sun flat or round? "It is round." Then, does the sun rotate like this and like that, or does it rotate in a fixed direction? "It rotates in a fixed direction." How monotonous and boring that must be! If it were up to them, they could go like this and like that as they please, couldn't they? 
When we think about the concept of freedom in today's Western society, the concept of freedom must operate on this principled foundation. That is freedom. The sun moving in one direction is freedom. Denying this is unfreedom, and a destructive element is involved. The nine planets revolving around the sun cannot say, "Ah, we will collide with the sun as we please." Can they say, "You've been in the solar system's position for about ten years, so let's switch with me. Come here!"? Is that possible? How is it? Is it possible, or impossible? "It is impossible." When that happens, everything will be destroyed. It will disappear. 
And if you are a woman, you are determined to be a woman, and if you are a man, you are determined to be a man. A man cannot become a woman, and a woman cannot become a man. (Laughter) Why are you laughing? Do you want to change? (Laughter) Is it "yes" or "no"? "No." It is absolutely "no." If that happens, the value of existence disappears. It is destroyed. 
When women think, "I have a big chest and big hips, but oh, how nice it would be if I had broad shoulders and small hips like a man," what about that? Is that possible? "No." So, women are meant to act as women, and men are meant to act as men. You must know that all behavioral directions are different. If women act like men and men act like women, saying, "Oh, gender equality!" then men must also give birth to babies. 
The concept of equality already acknowledges relativity, and you must know that equality exists in the direction of travel and in the overall purpose. All these things are confused now. What is going to happen... Here, we must know that 360 degrees is absolute, and passing through the center is an absolute agreement. It is an agreement. Without passing through it, it cannot become an ideal realm of equality or an ideal realm of parity. It is a regulated norm. 
Then, as mentioned earlier, the mind is so big, and it is vast enough to encompass the entire universe, the world of existence, and more, but the path it takes must pass through the center. We have come to know that we must take such a path. 
Then, why is there a God or such an agreement? Isn't this convenient? Why must it be like this? "To achieve unification." How do we create unification? "By passing through the center." Without passing through the center, unification does not occur, and harmony does not happen. Overall harmony does not happen. That is an amazing answer from a small person. So, unification and harmony are necessary. 
 The Center of the Universe is True Love
When we look at the universe, in this vast world, as it moves, what is the center made of, and what should be the center? In the global realm, there are many centers based on money, knowledge, and power. Even if a famous scholar with a lot of knowledge says, "I am the center of the world," or a person with power says, "Oh, I am the center," or the president of the United States says, "I am the world's top president," they are acknowledged. Even if someone like Rockefeller says, "I am the top in America with my wealth," they are acknowledged. 
Then, what should the center be? What can be the center that the universe likes, people like, and the heavenly world can like? The universe moves, and movement has directionality. Movement always involves circular motion. Even if it is linear motion, it is not linear motion to go; it is back-and-forth linear motion. It always involves returning motion. Next, it involves vertical motion. All movements are modeled after circular motion. Everything is moving. What can be universally accepted as good by the entire universe, past people saying "good," people billions of years in the future saying "good," and all things in existence saying "good"? "True love." That is the question. What should be the center so that all directions must pass through it, and what should be the absolute thing that everyone welcomes? That is the question. 
Now, let's find out. What would be good? "You." What is "you"? When you say "you," it becomes me, he, she. What could it be? That is the question. Then, what is the fundamental circle? What has the nature to be like that? Who would such a universe-sized mind want to live with? Does the mind want to live with another mind? What does it want to live with? "God." If it is God, what part of God does it want to live with? If God is round, what would be at the center of God? "True love." No matter how much you think about it... Does God need money, knowledge, or power? Those are things He can do as He pleases, but there is one thing He cannot do as He pleases, and what is it? No matter how greedy God is, what can He accept as one, saying, "Only this can be in my center"? What could be in my center, denying my whole being and entering within me? Power is something He can do as He pleases. What would God want to put in His center? "True love." You must know that. That is true love. (Writing on the board) No matter how much you think about it, God cannot help but agree. When we think quietly, is there anything else we can propose to God, saying, "God, you are wrong. What I want is this, why do you do that?" Is there? "No." No! (Laughter) Is it "yes" or "no"? "No." Yes! "No!" There is absolutely nothing. 
Then, if we place true love there, what would God do? Would He say, "That's right," or "No"? How is it? "He would say it's right." What about our ancestors thousands of years ago? Would they have said "no" or "yes"? "Yes." Then, if we gathered the 4 billion people of the world and asked, "Hey, what should we place at the center of the universe?" what would they say? What would the people say? "Yes." What about our descendants thousands of years in the future? "The same." What is the same? No! "Yes!" No, no, no! "Yes!" I lost. So, we have come to know why we need true love. Without it, unification does not occur, and harmony does not happen. 
If this is truly the case, then the Unification Church members can unify whites and blacks, blacks and Asians, and all five races can harmonize. If this is not true, then the ideal world and the ideal realm of the universe cannot be sustained. If we set it up like this, it becomes everything. This is the concept of east, west, south, and north. The concept of east, west, south, and north comes from here. This is called the East, and this is called the West. (Drawing on the board while speaking)
Can the East say it is wrong and that the Western world is the best? "No." If Western civilization rises once, it must go down. Where does it go down? It goes down to the East. That is why the East is said to rise. Now Western civilization is declining, and then Asian civilization, Japan, and Asia must emerge. "Oh, Japan is not like that," but even if America tries to stop it, it cannot. It is all going to happen. It is bound to turn. 
 The Unification Church's Principle is to Unite the Church, the World, and Heaven and Earth into One, the Heavenly Principle
As mentioned earlier, we have the consciousness of being members of the Unification Church. We have such a concept. So, what is the Unification Church? It is a church that aims to unite the church and the world. This is the Unification Church movement. It includes not only the earthly world but also the spiritual world. What do we call it? We call the combination of the earthly world and the heavenly world the Heavenly Principle. You must know this. 
Then, when does the Heavenly Principle start? It starts from the foundation of a united world. You must know this. Therefore, when the people of this world have a mindset and atmosphere that says, "We have this situation in our minds, and we must go through the center that can pass through true love," that center can connect with the spiritual world. 
Don't you want to blow like a typhoon? "Yes." Is it "yes" or "no"? "Yes." I don't know. Do you want it? "Yes." Then there is one condition. The absolute condition is the formation of high-pressure and low-pressure zones. When we think of two worlds, should the Kingdom of Heaven be low pressure or high pressure? How is it? "High pressure." What about you and this earth? "Low pressure." 
When we think like this, where is the most vacuum-like, low-pressure place in this world? There must be such a place. It must be a place more despised than Moscow or America, centered on God and the spiritual world, and the most despised among religions. Where is it? "The Unification Church." That's right. It is the Unification Church. If you press down on one side, it rises when you press it. 
Then, should Rev. Moon of the Unification Church press down on you Unification Church members or hold you up? What should he do? "Press down." (Laughter) Why? Why must he do that? What is the purpose? It rises like this. When it turns, is it better to apply force or remove force? It keeps kicking back. When you hit a machine that is turning with a stick, is it better to hit it up or down? If you hit it like this, how is it? If you say, "Don't go this way, go that way," how is it? (Pointing to what he drew)
Then what if the American leaders say, "No, no, that's the Eastern way. It's not the American way. Let's go this way, this way," when the teacher tells them to go this way? "They don't do that." Many of you are like that, aren't you? This must be absolute, absolute. It is absolutely necessary, absolutely. Even if the teacher tells you all to take a break, since you came in the morning, go and stretch your legs and sleep... Some guys are chewing gum. When the teacher starts talking... (mimics chewing gum) Then the teacher says, "You rascal, why are you doing that?" Even when you say you'll run with all your might, there's a problem, but with gum... (mimics again, laughter) That's not okay. It's not okay. All directions must become one, but if they don't, you stop. You can't do it. When told not to do it, they say, "Oh, that's the Eastern way, that's Reverend Moon's way." But it's not Reverend Moon's way. It's the principle way of the universe. 

Boxers get into the ring... (mimics, laughter) If not, they fly away. When it's serious, you must restrain such things. Do you understand? There are times like that. So, there are many times when Reverend Moon's way is needed in America. Do you understand? 

Look. These rascals, the ones called leaders, say, "Teacher, please come and talk," while watching for signs. Yesterday, Kamiyama came, and the fundraising team leaders came and were blinking their eyes, hoping the teacher would speak. I pretended not to know and closed my eyes. (laughter) They want to be scolded and yelled at, but they don't want to hear it. What is that? It accelerates the direction of rotation. At such times, it's necessary. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes."

Then what is the Unification Church today? It's the principle that the world is one, the existence of heaven and earth is one, and they must become one. We claim that the universe must become one. On what basis? It's already established. The heart is already universal. The heart is already prepared. 

True love must govern, unify, and embrace everything. 

Then what is the center of the heart threaded with? It's all threaded with the thread of true love. What's the needle? It's the principle of the Unification Church. It pierces the heart, makes a hole. So the thread goes in, and the thread is what? It's the thread of love. It's the thread of true love, true love. How is it? (applause) 

When you hear the principle of the Unification Church, you open your heart wide. You say, "Come in!" The heart says, "Come in." What comes in? The truth of the Unification Church comes in. And then you say, "Sew me with the thread of love, and I feel good!" That's the heart. So, where does the principle of the Unification Church go through? What path does it take? There are various ways. Some people go this way, some go that way, there will be all sorts of ways. There will be all sorts of ways. Some people come down like this. (speaking while writing on the board)

Then where does the needle of the Unification Church principle and the thread of true love go through? It goes through the center. Going through the center is the principle. Is your center like that? Is it like that? "Yes." Really? "Yes." Some people are holding it like this. (laughter) When I look at you, are you going through the center of the heart? Are you piercing the hole of true love or not? Is the hole of the center of the heart and the center of true love pierced or not? That's the question. What is the center of the center of the center of the heart? It's the center of true love. 

Now, since it's threaded like this, doesn't the principle of the Unification Church know that? Doesn't it know the thread of true love of the Unification Church? If you don't want that, you have to pull it out and thread it again. How hard would it be to pull this out? So, when you come into the Unification Church, there's nothing precious. There's no house, no relatives, the deepest love in my heart is the most important. That must become the beginning that can be claimed as the most important in this world that hasn't been. That's the most important thing. 

What is that? It's true love. "True love is the best. The best. The best." You must say that. Even if someone says, "What is true love, you rascal?" you must say, "True love is the best." Even if they say, "You rascal," you must say, "True love is the best!" (mimics hitting, laughter) Even if the U.S. government opposes, even if the Communist Party opposes, even if the world opposes, even if everyone opposes, you must say, "True love is the best, the best!" 

So, to find true love, you go anywhere. If it's in Harlem, you go to Harlem, if it's with a beggar, you go to the beggar, if it's with the mafia, you go to the mafia, you go anywhere. How is it? "Good." Good? "Good." What did I say good was before? "Two God." Two God. "God God." God God. (laughter) That's good. (laughter, applause)

Look. What is this? This is Catholicism, but this (天) means two people, two people. When you say "heaven" (天), it means two people. It's quite interesting. And what is this one? It means big (大). Big, big. Adding one more connects to a higher big person. That's heaven. That's God. So when you say "good," it means two God. It means two people. It's the same. 

So do you need true love? Then, the true love I want, is it my own true love? Is it true love for the whole, or is it true love just for me? "It's for the whole." The whole. Because true love is the center of the whole, the center must govern everything, unify everything, and embrace everything. You must know that. 

Now, do you want to be governed by power, or do you want to be governed by knowledge or money? "Love." When you come to the Unification Church, do you come to gain knowledge when you say, "Oh, the teacher will speak today, let's go!" and come to listen? "No." What do you come for? "For love." Do you come to gain strength? You might think so. (laughter) Do you come hoping for money? "No." (laughter)

You must train forever to find true love. 

You, these days, there's a carpet here, but in the past, it was a cement floor. "Sit down, you guys!" I said. When you say, "Oh, this (carpet) is nice," the teacher brings a chair. (laughter) 

At such times, they say it's a crazy man. Sitting like this is training to find true love. How wonderful that is. You think like this. "Ah, this is too painful!" then you say, "Hey, you rascal, you need true love too, don't you? Body, you rascal! How about true love?" (laughter)

So what should I say? When loving an Oriental person, you love like a father and mother, sitting and talking, lying down... What kind of bed is it? You sleep on the floor. That's necessary. (laughter)

Look. There's someone named Ernest Ward at the seminary, that guy. When he first came to the Cheongpa-dong church as a Westerner, he came to the teacher, bowed, and sat down like this. Can you sit like this? So he sat like this. (laughter) Even an Eastern dog doesn't do that, they greet the owner and sit. There should be a chair, right? He crosses his legs like this, it's impossible. (laughter) That's worse than an Eastern dog, worse than an Eastern dog. Eastern dogs lie down like this when the owner is sitting, they don't do this. (demonstrates while speaking) How embarrassing is that? 

So if Reverend Moon doesn't teach this in Western society, they'll all point fingers and say, "What did the teacher do when he came? What did Reverend Moon do when he came?" That's what people who know will say. Why is that? Because this house is my house. It's all my house. It's my world, my world. That's the thought. You must return. The West must go to the East, and the East must come to the West. 

Now, these days, it's like this. When you come to America, there's immigration in America saying, "You can't come in. Eastern people can't come in," and they try to keep you out. But they keep coming in. That is a good material for the world to take up the hammer and start a movement to expel Americans. "Destroy America!" then what will you do? So you can't help it. You must know the trend of the world. 

Then, placing those people, "Let all the people who come over go to the Unification Church," how nice would that be? "If they go to the Unification Church and receive 40 days of training, no matter how many come in, it's fine," if the U.S. administration advertised that through immigration, how would it be? Wow, this... You could immediately make them several times better than the American citizens living in America and deploy them. How is it? 

So after 40 days of training, if Reverend Moon comes and says, "Hey! You guys, what did you come here from South America for? Go back to South America!" would they obediently go, or would they run away? How is it? When told, "You must return to South America," would they say "yes" or "no"? "Yes." If the U.S. immigration knew that, they would treat the Unification Church well, but the place that distrusts the Unification Church the most, the place that dislikes the Unification Church the most, is immigration. You rascals! Are we trying to steal here? We are trying to save America. Are we indebted to America? We are causing trouble for America. Do you know that? How much do you think your head will turn after 40 days of training? You must know that. 

Now you know everything. To find true love, you just have to run. You, when a maiden, your beloved daughter, is over thirty and doesn't want to get married, and even at forty, she doesn't want to get married, you inject a shot and take her to the groom's room, make them sleep together, and cover them with a blanket. If you're a parent, doing that is love. You inject a sleeping shot, cover them with a blanket, and do that. (laughter) Then what will happen when she gets to know the groom? What will happen when she knows the groom is good? Will she protest, "Father! Why are you doing this?" or will she say, "Ah, I didn't know. Thank you." (laughter, applause) Do you understand what I'm saying? It's not some dictatorship, it's love. Taking it away for one's own benefit is not okay. 

Now, you know. The problem is, whether you want it or not, you must follow this principle. You must go whether you want to or not, this is the path you must take. You must know that you must go for eternity. You must go for eternity. 

So, the law of governing and managing the heart with true love... It's all welcomed. There are no restrictions on it. It works anytime, it's welcome anytime, true heart and true love. (applause) But saying God is love, Jesus is love, is vague. They didn't know why it has to be like that, even though it's a simple content. What is love? Why do we need love? They didn't know that. Why do we call God love? What do we want to do by loving? 

When you see it that way, knowing that, there's nothing that doesn't connect with it. There's nothing that isn't governed by it. Now, the direction of 360 degrees and the direction toward the center is absolute, you know, absolute. It's going into the center. It's going into the center of true love. Do you understand? "Yes." There, it's absolute equality, absolute equality. Everything is full, everything is full. There's nothing that isn't full. Now, a lot of time has passed. 

Love must be there for a unified world to be realized. 

Then where are we going? Where are we going? "True love." We are heading toward the ideal world, the ideal world. Also, we are heading toward the world of peace, the world of unification. (writing on the board) What is ideal, unification, and peace? What is ideal? What is it? It's one world, one world. What is the center of that one world? In all these ideals, if love is not the center, it won't work. (writing while speaking)

Now, how is the communist world? How is the democratic world? "It's not okay." Even the world of peace can't exist without it. Is the communist world a world of peace? Is the democratic world a world of peace? "No." Also, even if an organization is unified, without love, it can't be a unified world. Love must be there. 

Then why is true love necessary? If you have just true love, everything is entangled around it. Without true love, things keep scattering. People with knowledge take their knowledge and scatter, people who earn money take their money and scatter, people with power take their power and scatter. You must know that. Do you understand? The more you get true love, the more it increases. The more you get, the bigger it becomes. 

Our Unification Church knows that, so we are connecting the content of family, tribe, people, nation, world, and cosmos centered on the path of true love advocated by the Unification Church. This is the ideal environment. What is the center? Love, true love. Even if you enter a family with true love, it's okay, even if you enter a tribe, it's okay, wherever you go in the nation, world, or cosmos, it's welcome. It's welcome wherever you go. 

Then the force of this direction must pass through here. It goes there and comes back. It goes like this. So it is connected and makes such a movement. It went there and comes back, so since it has the force to rotate, it combines with this circle. This sphere is made by combining many of these. Since it is like this, the force that went there is automatically, reflectively, bound to come back. Since it rotates. Do you understand? "Yes." So we want this. We must make this big and match the circle. So we must do activities to make this center universally equal, equal here, and equal here. (writing while speaking)

Ownership is decided centered on true love. 

So we have the concept of cosmopolitanism, and through God's love, we must go to the end of the spirit world, of course, the earthly world, and come back to make this realm my possession. This realm becomes my possession. The concept of ownership, the beginning of ownership. (writing while speaking) You must know that, ownership. 

Now, if there was no fall, it would become a family that didn't fall. A person centered on the family was automatically bound to expand to the world. You must know that. But due to the fall, what happened? The form is the same. The form is the same and expanded to the world. So when I try to cross here after passing through the world, all the walls are blocked. You can't go. (writing while speaking) If there was no fall, if there was no fall in the Garden of Eden, would there be boundaries in the world? "No." There aren't. At that time, centered on love, life was for others, a culture of tradition of living for others was formed, not a culture centered on oneself. The fall is a culture centered on oneself. 

So, in today's world, we must inevitably advocate such a movement. We must do it even while being opposed. All power, all money, all knowledge oppose, but if you go centered on love, it is absorbed by love. Why? Because it is the center. Because it is the original center centered on true love. 

So, because you started from the family here, you must go to the world and come back. When you come back, you must start from your country, America, and come back after passing through the world. Your mind cannot relate to a world you don't think about. The mind must go and come to that place, the mind. The mind must relate. The mind, the true mind, goes with love as the center. 

You, Unification Church members, must think like that. Since the root of the universe is like this, when going to the world centered on the original mind, you must go to the end with true love and come back. It's like that. Why must it be like that? It's to decide my ownership. Without connecting the relationship of love centered on the original state, my ownership is not decided. So, for the decision of ownership, it is inevitable. Do you understand? Otherwise, you cannot conclude that you own the universe. 

You must know that because the content that you own the universe is not equipped, you are not granted the privilege to own the universe. 

When the teacher came to America, he thought, "America is my country!" In my heart, I thought, "My country. I am more patriotic to America than the over 240 million living in America." I thought, "If God loved it first, I not only love it second but also take the position of the first partner."

The universe is bound to be unified centered on true love. 

That's why I traveled all over America in 40 days, in 40 days. Do you know that? "Yes." What did I do? I chose holy grounds. So what is a Holy Ground? It's a privileged condition to own God's love. The fact that more holy grounds were made in this country than in any other country in the world was already a prediction that the decision of victory or defeat would be made mainly in this country. It gave more value to one state than to any other country. So it was seen as the center of the universe. It was seen as the center of the world. 

So, no matter how many storms blow on this bright American continent, my original attitude toward this place cannot change. The attitude of giving my heart and planting my love does not change. As a result, Reverend Moon became famous in America, right? Until now, it was Reverend Moon in a bad sense, but now it's gradually being resurrected in a good sense. Here, in the past, it went down, but now it's going up. Reverend Moon became famous, right? "Yes." 

Whoever it is in the White House, whoever it is in Washington, all the key people of the state are saying with their own mouths that they have come to a stage where they need me. 

Then how about Moonies? What will Moonies in America do? Moonies in America must go out of America and love the world. You must think of jumping over. That's why I announced the Moscow Rally, the Moscow Rally. (applause)

Therefore, because it is a globe that can be embraced by the original heart centered on love, and because everything is bound to be connected centered on true love, it is bound to be inevitable at any time. It is bound to be inevitable. What I am advocating is not only guaranteed by myself but also guaranteed by the universe, guaranteed by God, guaranteed by all knowledge, guaranteed by my own heart, and guaranteed by my own self. How wonderful it is. 

Therefore, the 40-year period that Reverend Moon lived, the 40-year period after liberation, is an extremely changeable period. It is a period of rapid change in all historical transitions. Then, how is the world going to become such a rapidly changing world? If it goes and loses its center and crashes, it will be a mess, but if it sets the axis on the center and lifts it up, won't it become a wonderful world? (applause)

Therefore, Reverend Moon has boldly advanced alone even if the world opposes. Even though there is no spring for me, you must know the logic that there is a day of re-blooming spring when the four seasons of spring, summer, autumn, and winter pass. Do you understand? Looking at the path the Unification Church is taking worldwide, the winter season of the Unification Church worldwide was in the 1980s. It has passed from the 1970s to the 1980s. Once you pass this, the spring world will come to our Unification Church. (applause) "Great." I like great, not gray. Many Americans like gray, right? "No." You must know for sure. If this is true, you must know that the universe is bound to be unified with this content. Do you understand? One world, no matter how much the American government and the Communist Party do, in front of the sun, even the strongest iceberg melts. 

People have greed, right? You have greed, right? "Yes." Knowing this content, if the teacher made a decisive declaration that "the world will be unified," would it be better for it to be unified quickly or after hundreds of years of dying and dying and dying? "It's better to be unified quickly." Then would you prefer it to be unified while the teacher is alive or after dying and going to the spirit world and doing the work of the second coming? "It would be better to be unified while alive."

Now, if the teacher lectures the American people with our Unification Church truth for just a month, will they all become Moonies or not, through TV? "They will." In a month, they will all turn around. Right? "Yes." Then what will happen to alcoholics and drug users? I will clean it all up with my hands. I am a person with such ability. Do you think I have such ability? "Yes." Then how busy would I be? "Just take your time, eat slowly, and do it. You must distinguish between day and night. This is Western society, so if you work more than eight hours, you are legally regulated, so let's work less than eight hours!" Can such logic be applied here? "No."

Moonies must unite and realize cosmopolitanism on this earth. 

Now, do you Moonies say, "Oh, we can only work eight hours"? "No." Then how many hours? "24 hours." Spiritually 24 hours, physically 24 hours, think of it as 48 hours. Live 24 hours with the mind, 24 hours with the body, seeing it as 48 hours. That's how it is. And our minds are busy. Are your minds busy? "I must save America quickly. It's a big deal, you rascal. It's a big deal, you rascal." 

Now, seeing the teacher being so busy, American members said, "Why is the teacher so busy?" Even 10 years ago, when I said America would collapse, "Oh! Why does the teacher say America will collapse? Why is he so busy? He lived in a small country in the East, Korea, with the danger of the 38th parallel, so he's so impatient. Why doesn't he do it slowly like a continent?" and you made all sorts of evaluations, right? After about 10 years, you realized that America is collapsing, right? Now you know, right? "Yes."

It's been a while, but when I supported Nixon, "Reverend Moon is smart and capable
"Why do you support Nixon?" they asked. "Why are you fighting with Fraser?" they continued. He is a communist. By defeating him, the new Republican forces have taken power today. If that hadn't been done back then, it wouldn't have been possible. Someone like Reagan from the Republican Party, an extreme right-wing person, wouldn't have become president. Reverend Moon fought and cut off all the liberal factions in Congress, leading to new developments. They said it was unprecedented in the history of congressional hearings, tightening the reins.

Seeing such things, I realized communism is nothing. I thought it was scary, but seeing it collapse before Reverend Moon, I realized it was nothing. The U.S. government, from the day Carter's administration started, declared war. "Carter is my enemy. He is America's enemy," they said. For four years, they tightened the reins in official settings.

Seeing that, people who know me these days say, "Ah, Reverend Moon knew and claimed everything!" "Why fight alone against this America that the whole world fears, when there's nothing to gain?" they ask. I know there's nothing to gain. I fought with the resolve to go to prison. (Amen) (Applause) I spent tens of millions, hundreds of millions of dollars in America, so what's the big deal about evading $50,000 in taxes? These bastards! If you deposit just $50,000 here, they give you a business visa and welcome you, so what's the problem when I'm working for this country?

It was the communists who did it. America's enemies did it. You need to know it was the factions trying to ruin America who did it. The remnants of the Carter era, the defeated soldiers, are doing it. If I'm in prison, senators and famous university professors will come to visit me. You need to know that. Then it would be good for America. Try imprisoning me and see what happens to America's prestige. I'm confident, very confident. Why am I confident? Because I know these things. I'm not afraid of the world.

Everyone, even if you're driven and chased, you must unite and do everything to universalize God's will, to realize Catholicism on this earth. You need to know that this is something we've already resolved to do. You need to know that we've decided and stepped forward. If Reverend Moon falls at the forefront, you must hold on and continue. There's such content, but do you want it? "Yes" Do you truly want it? "Yes" Let's fight without rest. Let's advance. God doesn't rest. God works continuously for us 24 hours a day, 12 months a year. You need to feel sorry for that. Without us, God cannot fulfill His will.

Can you complain about that? Can you complain? Answer me. "No" Because Americans have been complaining, there have been many complaints in the past ten years. I don't like that, so I'm mobilizing Japanese people to embarrass America this time. Let's see what happens if we don't make Americans work and just watch. Then Americans will follow from behind. "No" That's how the leaders of America were.

To make America a world of God's love
So, what am I planning these days? I'm going to gather and educate hundreds of top leaders of black churches, and then I'll gather and educate the leaders of Spanish-speaking churches. By combining these, I'll gather and educate the white pastors. I'm doing it in reverse, in reverse. Doesn't it feel good? Do you like it? "No" Then, along with CAUSA activities, I'll use these people's backgrounds to enter churches and hold revival meetings. We'll fill the empty Christian churches by making their pastors revival leaders and creating a Unification Church task force to fill those churches. I've instructed them to start that work. Moreover, famous theologians are mobilized to organize nationally and are now starting. I'm trying to do such work. So, I'm mobilizing Asians more than Americans. I'm using Japanese people. How is it? Huh? How is it? "……" How is that movement? Is it good or bad? "It's good" "It's bad"

How do I view America? America was originally an Indian country. Reverend Moon is a cousin of the Indians, a cousin. So, it needs to be restored through indemnity. You white people are all dying from drugs. But I'm not going to kill you all. Only Asians can save you. You're on a path to ruin. You're becoming living corpses, you guys! When Westerners came, they came with guns and swords, but Asians came with love. It's different. Reverend Moon is playing that game in this country. Reverend Moon is playing that game.

These Moonies, Western Moonies, American Moonies, have a long way to go, but they complain a lot. I've seen it for ten years. How is it? Does it seem like that or not? Answer for yourselves. I'm trying to start a new movement by gathering all the Japanese members for a new start…. How do you feel when you gather? Do you say, "Oh, they're trying to make us suffer again by saying it's a new start," or do you say, "Oh, the day of hope has come. I wish it would start soon"? Which is it? "I wish it would start soon" Follow, follow. If you want it, I'll make you do it; if you don't want it, I won't.

To be someone willing to sacrifice for the world
Now, there will be about a million Koreans this year, and if I pour all the money I've used into Korean expatriates, I can mobilize all of them. I've laid that foundation. I intend to save America using Koreans. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes" So, even if you don't do it, I'll mobilize Chinese people to do it. I won't leave America as it is. But I'm not saying I'll occupy America. I'm saying I'll create a world of God's love, a new world. When that time comes, how will you white people hold your heads high? You need to know that. You need to know that. You need to know how much I'm trying to do this work by putting you forward. You and I don't match. Our thoughts are opposite.

Now, how does the teacher think? The teacher thinks about the world and the country, but you are the opposite. Then, I think about the people, then the tribe, then the church, then the family, and then myself, but you are the opposite. You don't have this. It's the opposite. I talk about freedom in this sense and equality in this sense, but you've thrown all that away. It's all gone. It's freedom centered on 'me.' That doesn't work. You center on yourself and your family. It's the opposite. It becomes weaker and weaker. It becomes weaker and weaker. (Pointing to the board while speaking)

Therefore, before my freedom, I enter the freedom of the universe, before my freedom, I enter the freedom of the world, before my freedom, I enter the freedom of the country, then the freedom of society, the freedom of the family, then the freedom of parents, and the freedom of the couple. Which is right? "Father's words" That's right. Before the freedom of the world, there's God's freedom. We're talking about liberating God. We need to create that for there to be freedom in this world. If God is suffering, there can't be freedom.

Now, do you think the teacher would be free while making you suffer? "No" How painful must it be? Then why do it? It's to lay the foundation for true freedom. It's to find global freedom. Therefore, before my freedom, there must be world freedom. Before my freedom, there must be national freedom. Is there national freedom? Who's responsible for the borders? There's none. You don't even have tribal freedom.

Therefore, if all those freedoms exist, if all borders are open, what would happen? Everyone would flock to America. But if those people have the mindset of not being a burden and living for others, the problem changes if they're willing to sacrifice. You need to create people who come to America with the mindset of not being a burden.

What the teacher is doing now is what history needs and what humanity needs. It's what God needs. You need to know that I'm walking the path that God needs and that everyone needs. Now, raise your hand if you've complained until now. Who hasn't complained? Everyone has. Be honest. I'll forgive you all this time. Even in your heart. "Thank you" Raise your hands, raise them. (Laughter) That's right. It's true.

Now, you've heard the teacher's words, but will you complain from now on or not? "We won't" Reverend Moon is smart. Do you know that? (Laughter) If you want to complain, I'm someone who can complain before you. (Laughter) It's not because you're lacking that you're walking this path. No matter where I look, there's no other path. Whether I look at the spiritual world or anywhere else, this is the only path, so I'm walking it. Therefore, you need to know how precious it is to be trained and educated through the teacher. Do you think the teacher will teach you like this in the spiritual world? Now, you said you won't complain, right? "Yes"

Catholicism is familyism, love-centeredism, and true parentism
So, Catholicism is established with the concept that it will influence the world through such content. This (天) is heaven. This (宙) means house. It's a big house. This (主義) means ism. That's what the characters mean. Heaven is written like this (天), and this means house. It's the character for house (宙). This (由) means field, and the top part (宙) means safe protection. It means a big house. It means a big house.

Then, this 主 means king. It refers to God. So, it's 主, the Lord. In English, it translates to Lord. It means king of kings. Isn't it interesting? Western characters don't have such meanings.

Then, what does this 義 mean? It combines sheep (羊) with myself (我). It combines sheep and myself. This connects with the Bible. It means righteous. It refers to a righteous person. A sheep-like self means a person who sacrifices. What is a sheep? It's a sacrifice.

So, a person who sacrifices for the master lives in a house and heaven, and that's all there is to it. Looking at it, the word Catholicism, even in the meaning of the characters, is the most wonderful. A righteous person serves the king of kings, lives in a big house, and then goes to a new heaven, which is Catholicism. Here, heaven means cosmic house. (Writing on the board while speaking)

Then, what is the conclusion here? What is Catholicism? You need to know that it's familyism that combines heaven and earth, big familyism. Also, what ism is it? You could say it's love-centeredism. It's an ism within love. This is true parentism. Do you understand? What ism is it? It's true parentism. Do you understand? When you look at it that way, all our organizations must be organized in a true parentism manner, not in a democratic manner. They must be organized in a true parentism manner. (Writing on the board while speaking)

Now, the center mentioned earlier is the parents. The children become the secondary body of that center. This (parents) is the subject, and this (children) is the secondary body, the object. What unites them? They are united in love within the big mind called the universe. This is the ideal. When this becomes big, it expands to the tribe. There is a tribal lord, the subject. There is a subject in the tribal realm. (Writing on the board while speaking) It's the same.

Then, what unites them? They are connected in love within the big mind centered on a great ideology, an ideal. Similarly, from the perspective of true parentism, this (tribal lord) is the position of the parents. It's big, but it's the position of the parents. So, they must be united by connecting the heart of the parent-child relationship. There are many families included here. It's different. There are many families included. (Writing on the board while speaking) Do you understand? "Yes"

Then, when the tribal lord says, "Let's do it this way," the parents can't say, "That won't do!" The parents must say "yes," and the children there must also say "yes." You can't do it your way. If the parents say, "Don't listen to the tribal lord, do it my way," you must not follow the parents. That's the path of truth. If the tribal lord makes such a claim, and the parents say this or that, you must abandon the parents and follow the tribal lord. Do you understand? That's a big meaning of the parent-child relationship. It's a big meaning of the parent-child relationship.

When this becomes big, it becomes a country. It's the same here. Centered on the president, the president is the subject, and the whole country is the object. As mentioned earlier, there are many tribes here. If the head of a tribe says, "Listen to me, don't listen to the president," you must say "no." If President Reagan says, "The entire state of New York should do this," and the governor of New York says, "No, I'll do it this way," the people of New York must follow the president, not the governor. This is also a big meaning of the parent-child relationship.

Now, the Messiah is coming as the representative of the world. Then, in this Messiah's world, there are countless countries, but no matter what the national ruler says, they must follow the Messiah. It's the same.

So, when we say Catholicism, it's God. Here, Buddhism, the Messiah, no matter how many world representatives, national representatives there are, they must abandon all their claims and follow what God claims. We call this Godism. We like such a world. (Applause)

If you have an emotional bond centered on true parents, you can connect anywhere
Then why should we live like this? How long are you going to live in this world? Not even a hundred years. Why not live as you please, eat what you want, play as you want, sleep as you want, and do everything? Why do we have to do this? What does it matter if the world becomes one? What does it matter if it becomes one? What does it have to do with me?

We're going to the spiritual world anyway. This is the physical world. When you enter that world, the organization of this world is just as it is. Do you understand? The organization is just like this. (Writing on the board while speaking) You're going to enter there anyway, and if you go in and say, "Oh my goodness! I'm in trouble. I didn't know," it won't work. Then how do you get trained? If you get trained on earth and go, you can connect anywhere. You can connect anywhere. That's why breathing is natural. You can breathe naturally.

How difficult is it for Americans to learn Eastern customs? It's the same. Even if it's difficult, you have to do it to breathe. "Wouldn't it be nice if we could do it the American way?" you might think, but that doesn't work. It doesn't work. You have to do it Reverend Moon's way for it to work. Do you understand what I'm saying?

Why do we have to do it? You're going to die anyway. When you die, you'll follow the teacher. "Where is the teacher? Where did Reverend Moon go? He wouldn't have lied to us when he came to earth and taught us about heaven..." you'll say. If you want to go with Reverend Moon, you must live this kind of life to cross the border. You can't cross it otherwise. You'll keep getting blocked. You'll keep getting blocked.

So, centered on true parentism, starting from the family... If you match this emotional bond in the family, you can connect anywhere. It's the same. So, centered on the teacher of the Unification Church, even if it's hard, you must be able to say, "We connect everywhere, we're all one." You might be curious. "Oh, what matches between Eastern and Western people?" but no. It must be beyond the heart of a mother and father.

You must feel that way about the tribal chief, about the country's president, about the world's president, and about God. Who is God? He is the subject of this whole. Who is God? He is the father of the individual, the father of the house, the spiritual father, the father of the tribe, the father of the people, the father of the world, the father of the universe, the father of the whole. You need to know that. He is the spiritual father. You need to know that. When that father is at home, he is our father, when he goes to the country, he is the president, not just the president, but when he goes to the world, he is the ancestor of our humanity on earth, and in heaven, he is the ancestor's heart where God is. It's one, one.

Then, when you go to the spiritual world, if all your ancestors appear and say, "Hey, you! I'm your ancestor from so many generations ago. Listen to me!" how will you live? Because God is the father, everything is equal. It's equal. It's the same. So, they are siblings. Your ancestors are siblings. It's true. Your ancestors are your older siblings, and you are the younger siblings. Do you understand? Therefore, you need to know how wonderful true parentism is.

So, the company president is an expanded form of your mother and father. Do you understand? The country's president is the father of the country. He is the father and mother. Then how wonderful is this? Think about such a world. Then, with the children of that mother and father, you can live with the high value content of love in the family, and you can long for the world of true parentism, which is the world of true love.

To inherit the universe, you must absolutely unite with true parents
Now, you Americans, you need to know how tremendous it is to be able to serve true parents. Therefore, you must say, "Even if I die, I will follow wherever the parents go." Can you say, "You go your way, and I'll go mine"? Think about it. "No" If your mother and father ask, "Why do you keep following? What are you going to do by following?" you should say, "What do you mean, what am I going to do? I'm trying to receive true love from you." How is it? Isn't it wonderful? "It's very wonderful" It's very wonderful.

Then, to meet a partner and receive children who can manage and love the universe, you must follow the parents. So, having received children, not just the family, you must say, "Ah, I'm following to lead the tribes of heaven, to lead the country of heaven, to lead the whole of heaven." How wonderful is that? It's the same on earth. You receive the Unification Church with your family, receive the tribe, receive the unified world, and go to receive the unified heaven in a unified world.

Why do you have to follow true parents? It's to inherit the whole universe. How wonderful is that? God and true parents have everything. (Applause) This is true parentism. Ah, Catholicism, love-centeredism, true parentism are such wonderful things!

Isn't it so? The Unification Church members who want to be loyal to the cause think that even in Korea, the Unification Church is our church. It's the same in South America, in Africa, anywhere. Isn't that right? "Yes" What's amazing about true parents is that if you meet them and unite with them absolutely, deciding to be one forever, God will give you the whole universe as an inheritance. So, do you want to follow the teacher? "Yes"

Didn't you say before, "They said they'd find me an ideal partner, but it's someone I hate the most. I don't want it"? "No" When they matched you with a blessing partner before, you said you didn't like the person they chose for you. "Ah, I'll leave that and follow," you might say, but no way. Without that, nothing works. You have to resolve everything on earth and go to the other world to pass through anywhere without any issues, without any issues. You don't need a pass. You don't need a passport. (Laughter. Applause)

Now, if you pass through and go to the other world, won't there be diamond stars there? Think about it. There will be diamond stars. What can't God make? When you go to the diamond star world and land... How will you travel in that world with your body? You have to shed this body. Like God... Will you follow me or follow God? Reverend Moon must follow God, right? Will you walk? Will you take the 11th car and walk? (Laughter) You go with thought. You go with thought.

Now, they say there are billions of light-years in the universe, but the human spirit can go back and forth hundreds of times in an instant. How wonderful is that? Why would God make it that way? Do you think you can have it without the ability to control your activities? So, we go back and forth in an instant. When I'm going there, it's like being pulled there. How wonderful would that be?

What is that? If you have the concept of true love, everything aligns. Once the direction is set, everything clicks into place. Everyone does that. Once the direction is set... Everything is determined by direction. If the direction is not set, you have to wait.

Now, you might think, "I wish I could ride an artificial satellite to see how fast it is," but what is an artificial satellite? When you say you'll manage the universe of billions of light-years...
I want to become faster than a satellite and quickly go and see. Don't you think so? Can you see a bullet? Whoosh—think about how fast it must be. This body has its stage set for such activities....

"God, please strip off this shell quickly!" you might say. Stripping off this shell means dying. Then, after death, will you be born as a prince in a magnificent world of the second chapter, or as a beggar, or as an outcast? That's the issue. Will you be born as an outcast? Do you like that? "No." I'm not trying to make you people who say "no." I'm trying to make you people who say "yes."

Heaven is a world where you can breathe the air of love.
So, what will you do in the future? If the teacher is in that other world, in that star world, how will you find him? How will you find him? You align your direction with a loving heart. "Teacher! Father!" Then it fits perfectly. Even if I tell you not to come, you will whoosh—come to the place of True Parents. That's the love principle of True Parents. Then the direction clicks into place. Then you know instantly. How about that? (Applause)

So, you must do it even if you cry. You must roll even if you die. If you have met True Parents, you must say you love them more than anyone else. You must say that you need only them, abandoning the nation and the world, money and everything else, and that you will love them to the point of clinging and biting them. Even if they say they don't like it, even if they throw you away, you must do so. If they don't take you, if they throw you away, you must cry.... "I don't know if I die crying. Mother, Father, waah!" If you die of exhaustion crying, you will go before that Mother and Father. Is that right? "Yes." I'm not sure. (Laughter) That's the truth.

So, I'm trying to match you to that rhythm. Is that grateful or not? "Thank you." In the womb era, you don't need a nose. You breathe through the navel. But you must prepare your nose. In the womb, the nose is dead. But when you come out of the belly, the navel is cut, and the water bag of the womb bursts and dies, but the nose opens with a bang—connecting to the air. (Laughter) With that air, the dual content.... Today, we can breathe the air of love in our hearts.

You must live with the air of love in this world. So, you must seek love. You are bound to seek love. From breathing through the navel, you are now seeking the path of love. This is now bursting out. Once you shed all this, you enter the world where you can truly smell like a nose of love. The world over there is air of love.

Therefore, just as a baby must burst the water and cut the umbilical cord when coming out of the womb, we cannot enter the second world of love without cutting off our life. Birth into the second world is death. Here, you breathe through the navel cord, the love navel cord. Are you seeking love? "Yes." Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes."

You must long for your parents and cry until you die. You were born crying, lived crying, and must live a life where you can shed tears of joy every time you meet your parents. Only then will you go to heaven when you die. That's the principle. Because you couldn't do that, True Parents have emerged today to recreate that movement and set such conditions to go to heaven.

Home Church is the beginning of the Kingdom of Heaven.
Now, is it clear? "Yes." What is the ideology of the Unification Church? "True Parentism." So, you must make your family and clan centered on True Parentism. That's Home Church, Home Church. Look. What is Home Church? It is three stages centered on me: family, tribe. It's growth, completion, and perfection.

That's why you need Home Church here, Home Church. Without a tribe, you cannot form a nation. Since the nation is born from here, you must know that we started the Home Church movement with the name of tribal messiah. You must know that this is the beginning of the Kingdom of Heaven.

Then, where do you meet your parents? You meet them at Home Church. Meeting at Belvedere is not real. It's a temporary meeting. Without passing through Home Church, when will you restore your family, tribe, and nation? All of this has been set up with indemnity conditions, so it's like Cape Kennedy, the base where satellites fly. Home Church is made so that it can fly whoosh—. That's why you can't meet the teacher without going through Home Church. Is it clear now? Is it clear? "Yes."

So, the conclusion is, let's go and own the universe. Let's own the universe of love. You must know this. There's nothing else. This is the best. This is the universe, but how frustrating would it be if you died without knowing it? You must know how frustrating it would be.

That's why it's a big problem if you don't have a partner. You can't even walk. The key to heaven is held by your partner, that person, that person. Then, why should you like your mother and father? Because the mother and father hold the key to the family's heaven. The clan leader holds the key to the clan's heaven. Also, the president of the country holds the key to the country's heaven, the Messiah holds the key to the world's heaven, and God holds the key to the universe's heaven. Since the key to the universe contains the key to the world and all keys, the highest ideal is to unite centered on God, who holds the key to the universe. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes."

In such a place, you must learn to serve God of the family, God of the tribe, God of the nation, God of the world, and God of heaven and earth. You cannot do as you please. You might think, 'How boring would that be?' but it's not. If it's true love, humans love being completely dominated by it forever. Why? Do you like it when someone you love hugs you tightly, or do you like it when they hug you like this? (Expressing with actions) Which one? "Tightly hugged."

Do you know why women's waists are slender? It's because they want to be hugged like an ant waist when a man hugs them. So, Western women wish for their waists to be slender. (Laughter) Also, women are short, so when they kiss, they naturally jump up. So, there's no other way but to hug the waist. (Laughter) It's automatically designed to hug that part. So, Western women all wish for their waists to be slender. That's theoretical. So, love is good, love. Right? When you talk about love, even women who were dozing off have bright eyes. It's the same for grandmothers and grandfathers, the same.

Now that you know, let's live magnificently with this ideology. Let's live magnificently and die magnificently. It's simple. Living magnificently is dying magnificently. (Laughter) It's true. That's what the Bible says. Do you understand? "Yes." Is it worth trying once? Is it worth risking your life to try once? "Yes." Like the teacher? "Yes."

Now, since I know, from today, January 16, 1983—today is Hyo Jin's birthday—starting today, I will hold on to my life, hold on to the teacher, and follow magnificently, those who say so, raise your hand. Thank you. (Cheers. Applause) *

The Way God Comes
Words are truly difficult. Interpretation is difficult, and the fact that words are so chaotic on this earth brings so much harm to humanity.

The Starting Point of the Ideal World is the Family Church
Now, if we look at our world, we think about the fact that people of different languages, or different races, are living. If there had been no fall, if the human world had not fallen, we learned through the Principle that it would have been a single world.

If the world had not fallen and had become according to God's will, what would it have been like? It would have been the Kingdom of Heaven on Earth. Then, what kind of world would that be, in a word? Of course, individuals would live there, and families centered on individuals would connect in the form of a nation. Then, would there be an ideology, as we talk about today, in that world? What kind of world would it be? If there were no word for ideology, what word would be necessary? If we used the word ideology, it would be expressed as a single ideology, a monism, transcending today's conflicting concepts of democracy and communism.

Now, when looking at such a world, what ideology is it? It is called Godism. If we were to use it, we would use the word Godism. In the fallen world today, when we say Godism, the concept of Satanism would inevitably arise, but in such a world, there is only one. Then, what is it? If there is Godism, what would you do centered on Godism? We are bound to live centered on families centered on Godism. Then, the word True Parentism would begin centered on God. Then, what comes next? It would connect to True Childism centered on True Parentism. If so, we can conclude that it is a familyism that combines Godism, True Parentism, and Childism. When connected based on this ideal family foundation, it becomes a society, a nation, and a world.

Then, where is the starting point of the ideal world, the ideal nation? That's the issue. It's not just children. It's not just children. You can't do it with just children. In forming a society, a nation, and a world, the foundation cannot be made with just True Childism. It cannot be done with just that. Also, it cannot be done with just True Parentism, and it cannot be done with just Godism. A starting point that combines these is needed, and that conclusion can be drawn as familyism.

Therefore, the issue here is one. God, parents, and children need a concept of being one. This cannot be separated. It cannot be separated. You cannot leave out God, you cannot leave out parents, and you cannot leave out children. You cannot leave out even one. It's a bundle. It must be a bundle.

If there are True Parents, God must be included in True Parents, and True Children must be included. Also, in God, True Parents and True Children must be included. Again, in True Children, parents and God must be included.

So, in John 14 of the Bible, when Jesus was about to go to the cross, he earnestly asked his disciples, saying, "I am in the Father, and the Father is in me, and I am in you, and you are in me." What does this mean? We cannot understand it, but what does it mean? This is a statement made based on the concept of a family centered on God, which you can now guess.

The Center of the Ideal is Love
Looking at it this way, you must know that it is a remarkable fact that the Unification Church today has the concept of the Four Position Foundation. No matter how absolute God is, humans are needed. You must know that without people, a family cannot be formed.

When you think of God, you usually think it is related to our conceptual world but not related to our living sphere. People generally think that God is only needed when praying or during faith activities, and not needed in daily life. Even those who live a life of faith generally think that way. When we look at it from the perspective of an ideal that transcends one ideology, we must know that an ideal concept requires a center based on the concept of up-down, front-back, and left-right. Then, no matter how vast the universe is, everything fits within this realm.

Then, what is the center? This center must be love. We can conclude that it is a family centered on love. Everything is not two but one centered on that love.

Then, how is the love that God desires, the love that True Parents desire, the love that True Children desire, different from the love that ordinary people desire? That's the issue. If you don't know this clearly, you can't do it. As time passes, it is about going deeper and deeper centered on love. You must know this. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." If you have lived for ten years, you go deeper for ten years. In that case, can you find the concept of divorce that American couples think of as soon as they snap?

Also, what happens when you talk about True Family? Can True Parents and True Children be separated? If they felt emotional from their youth to middle age, adulthood, and old age, would their love for their parents fade, and would they just die if they die, or would they deepen? True children, true couples must dig into the depths of their parents. Centered on love, they must dig into the deep inside of their parents. Also, what is True Parents? They must dig into God. They must go deeper into God. Do you understand what I'm saying?

So, we have established this concept. Children's love forms the growth stage, then parents' love forms the completion stage, and God's love forms the perfection stage, just as humans have spirit, mind, and body, love will unfold with similar content.

Now, if there is a boundary line here, this boundary line is strict. However, although children and parents are different, there is a path that can connect them, and although God and True Parents are strictly different, there is a path that can connect them. (Writing on the board)

What is unpleasant is not true love.
Now, if there is a love pouch of mother and father's love, would the child push away the hand that reaches into the deep part of that pouch, or would they pull it in? That's the issue. There are two concepts: either expel or pull in. When you look at it that way, what is unpleasant is not true love. There are things that are unpleasant and things that are good, but only good things belong to true love. You must know that what is unpleasant is not true love. If there is a rejecting action, it is not true love. No matter how aloof a woman is, if the hand of a truly loving husband comes, she will try to pull it in from deep within her heart. If you have a love bundle, that love bundle has such a quality. You like it. If there is that love, no matter how hard it is, you like it. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." You all feel the same way, right? You all have such a heart, right? (Laughter)

Then, if you are like that and True Parents are like that, what about God? Would God be the same or not? "The same." If there is someone who truly loves God, would God let them go or pull them into the inner pouch? "Pull them in." If it moves, if it acts, it means it is digging in. Then, what if it goes in here? What if it goes into this end? If it goes like this, the inside will come out, and the outside will go in. We can think that such a thing happens due to the action of centrifugal and centripetal forces. (Writing on the board)

Therefore, when it moves, the center bulges up, the center. It becomes a circle. A whirlpool not only digs in but also acts to rise. Sand does such an action. It gathers the surrounding things. This circular motion occurs due to the action of giving and receiving forces here. Therefore, the concept that God is in me, Jesus is in me, and I am in Jesus can exist. The three of them combine to form a circle. That is logical. That is how logic is established.

If you become the best in serving, you can become the center.
Then, what kind of love must it be to continue this movement? That's the issue. It is true love, but what is its content, its qualitative content? What is its nature? That's the issue. If God says, "I am the center," centered on God, and True Parents say, "I am the center," centered on True Parents, and True Children say, "I am the center," then what would happen? The concept of three centers comes out. (Laughter) This is a very serious issue in reality. You must make this one. If each claims to be the center, the concept of struggle comes out, the concept of struggle. It is seen as the dialectical environment that communism talks about.

From this perspective, what should be the center of all this? The conclusion is that the concept of centering on others, centering on the whole, must be the center. Do you understand? You may wonder, "Why should we live for others? What's the point?" but why should we? You must know the fundamental concept that we were born to serve and must live to serve. Why should we do so? Even if we move, if we aim for the long term, for eternity, it is inevitable. When you look at it this way, if the center of the universe is one God, that God is the highest in serving the universe, and because of that, he can be the center. That's how it is. Do you understand? It is made that way.

Then, what is the center of the family? It is the parents, but why the parents? Because the parents exist for the entire family. Also, if it is a nation, the rulers of the nation exist for that nation. You must know that they exist for that nation. Because it is made with such content, history has followed that path, albeit vaguely. However, they did not know this clearly. They did not clearly define it.

Now, when you talk about democracy, even in democracy, when they choose the leader of the masses, they choose someone who serves the masses more, not someone who serves themselves more than the masses. When you look at such things, we can conclude here that this concept is undoubtedly correct. Then, when people walk, do they walk for their own benefit, or do they walk for the benefit of the nation, the world, and the universe? That's the issue. Ask yourself what you are walking for. I have five senses, but with those five senses, for whom do all the sensations act? That's the issue. What is it? There are individuals, families, tribes, and nations in serving, but the greatest is God. It goes to God.

What about God? Does it end with God? Where should God go? Does God stay still? "No." God must also seek love. God must seek love. Is that certain? "Yes." Then, of course, there are many stages, but if you go centered on the highest, everything is included in it. In the world, there are countless nations, countless societies, countless families, and countless individuals. When you look at it this way, when you look at it based on this logical foundation, does the path of true love, the path of going with God's love, reject the entire universe or pull it in? "Pulls it in." It pulls it in and tries to harmonize. Then, what about you?

Therefore, the hand of True Parents' love, the hand of God's true love, is not centered on oneself. It is a hand that seeks to serve. Therefore, when the love that seeks to serve God becomes stronger, it pulls God in. It is the same. No matter how handsome and well-formed a husband is, if he says, "Serve me," the loving wife will say no. Does this sound right, or does it just seem that way? Does it sound really right, or does it just seem that way? "It sounds right." Then, what will you choose? "True love."

Then, when you look at American society, what kind of women are American women? (Laughter) You can't help it. How is it? Do they say they want to be loved when they go home, or do they say they want to love? "They say they want to be loved." How miserable are such people? You must know how miserable they are.

Serving oneself is on Satan's side, serving others is on Heaven's side.
Now, without knowing the depth of the great sea, you are just dipping your toes in and jumping out. Some people only dipped their toes. (Laughter) From that perspective, when you look at Americans, if you have concluded that there must be an ideal world with the content of such a profound love, you must think about how much distance there is between us and that place.

You people, because the teacher came from Korea, from the East, do you think, "The teacher's way of thinking is the Eastern way of thinking, and our American way of thinking is the way of thinking of cultured people"? "No." So, do you think the teacher's thoughts are those of a backward country, and your thoughts are those of an advanced country? Is that so? How is it? "No." You say no because you are blocked by logic, but until now, haven't you been like that? "We are changing." You have been like that until now, haven't you? "We are changing."
Is it easy to change? Do you think it's easy? "No." That's why the problem is big. No matter how much you think or pursue, you can't know the deep world unless it's what the teacher says. The idea that you can go anywhere centered on love cannot exist without the concept of living for others. Then, who wants to have God's love? Raise your hand. You have a lot of greed. (Laughter) The problem is big.

That's why the teacher has been teaching you the most opposed position in the world, the most opposed path in the world. Therefore, if the world is heaven, Reverend Moon is hell, and if Reverend Moon is heaven, the world is hell. If the world becomes Satan, Reverend Moon becomes God, and if Reverend Moon is Satan, the world is God. Isn't the world heaven? "No."

Then, what is the domain that Satan can occupy, and what is the domain that God can occupy? They are different. They are opposite. Do you know whether you are going to hell or heaven every moment, when you eat or breathe? Therefore, we come to know that living for oneself is Satan, and living for others is God. You must clearly know whether it's hell or heaven, depending on where you start.

We are being criticized as Moonies in the world, so how are you, the Moonies gathered here, doing? Where are you going, and how are you living? Saying, "Oh, if I evangelize for three years, I'll receive a blessing," is for oneself. That won't do. Saying, "I'll do this or that" won't do. Meeting as a couple and saying, "We've received a blessing, so we can live happily now," is not it. The greatness of our Unification Church is that. How is it theoretically structured? Couples should live for society, society for the nation and world, and be absorbed for the greater good. We know that the concept of theoretical stages is established. That's what's great. That's what's great.

Then why do we have to go through stages? We have to go up from here, but why do we have to keep going through stages? (Writing on the board) True love, God's love, pulls wherever it goes. There's nowhere it doesn't connect. Therefore, approaching God's love is inevitable. You have to go, even after death, for eternity. You have to develop.

Completion is meant to be achieved on earth.

Now, even though there is a way for the love of adolescence centered on the age of 20 to become universal, if you destroy everything centered on yourself and can't go the way of the great universe, you'll be stuck in the other world for eternity. Do you understand what I mean? Love must connect everywhere. It's like breathing. When you breathe, no matter where you go in this world, the air is the same. Is Korean air different from American air? It's the same. To stand in a position where you can connect anywhere, you have to go beyond the world. I can't go up alone. To go up, Reverend Moon is pulling the family, the tribe, and the Unification Church carriage to go to the world.

What you need is God's love. Everything is included in God's love. Think about it. Do you earn money in the spirit world? Have you thought about whether you earn money in the spirit world? You don't need money there. You don't need money. When you go to heaven, is it better to be able to do everything as you please, or to have so many things you want to do? If you center on yourself, you'll be told to live in a cage-like container in that vast spirit world. How would that be? Think about it.

Would you like it if you were put in a box to live with your spouse? How frustrating would it be to look outside and see a world of freedom? It's worse than prison. So, do you want to cut and break all that, or do you like it as it is? "Break it." The problem is big. Once you go to the spirit world and that happens, it's hard to escape. Completion is meant to be achieved on earth, not in the spirit world. You must know that the spirit world doesn't have such a system. Completion is meant to be achieved on earth, not in the spirit world.

Now, do you understand? "Yes." So, go out and live happily with your spouse. Will you live happily? "No." "We are like chicklings." (Laughter) In the world, they say, "Oh, how did Reverend Moon catch young people and exploit them, making them unable to live?" While saying this, parents kidnap their children, creating a new historical page. Is that shameful, embarrassing, admirable, or surprising? What is it? "It's surprising and admirable."

Reverend Moon has left a history where parents kidnap their children, but when you go before God, will He say, "You left such a history, you rascal!"? What will He say? Think about it. In the spirit world, will they say it's admirable or will they say, "Reverend Moon, woo-woo"? 

The one who lives for others becomes the mainstream.

Then where are you going? Where will you go? That's the problem. The Unification Church is moving beyond here, so where will you go? Whether the Unification Church exists or not, whether the teacher is there or not, where will you go? The conclusion is simple. You must know the amazing fact that you are going for the universe, for God's love. This is the task. If you started from here toward your destination, you must return here. Through this, through all centers... (Pointing to the board while speaking)

Now, Americans say, "Our America is pragmatic, individualistic. How amazing is individualism. Praise it!" Is that amen or what? "Nomen." In heaven, what would happen if you said, "I'm individualistic"? Think about it. What would happen in the spirit world? Would the world become one? Then there would be walls everywhere. Thousands of walls would form.

Wouldn't it be like that? What peace would there be? There can't be one world like that. But in the path of living for the whole, the walls all crumble. Now you mostly understand. Do you know why you should live for others? You come to understand. It must be clearly explained theoretically in reality. If it's confused, it becomes a big problem.

In the Unification Church, heretics cannot arise in the future. Various denominations cannot arise. The one who lives more for others becomes the mainstream. If two people fight, you immediately know who they are fighting for. In America, there are Democrats and Republicans. Then, who are the Republicans and Democrats fighting for? Fighting for the Republican Party is fake, and fighting for the Democratic Party is fake. They must fight for America. If they don't move for America and only for the party, that party cannot exist in America.

Therefore, when we look at a workplace with this concept, the person in charge of the workplace is like a father, so you must be completely one in heart with that father. The person in charge and the workers must be completely one. This is not established with a communist, dialectical logic centered on a concept of struggle. Without this kind of ideology, without this kind of mainstream ideology, the world cannot become one. If the Soviet Union only works for itself, and America only works for itself, they will inevitably perish. These two must work for the world and for each other. For that, they must yield to each other and understand each other. This must be established theoretically.

Now, what did the Moonies do when they came? Whether Presbyterians come, Catholics come, communists come, or Americans come, it's all good. If they have this ideology, they will open their mouths and say, "Ahhh." Just wait and see. If you have this ideology anywhere, you can save the world.

Then is this ideology Reverend Moon's ideology? No. It's God's ideology, God's ideology. If God is a thinking God and a wise God, you can logically conclude that without this kind of thinking, you cannot make the world one. Does it seem like that? "Yes." Do you think there's another way? Think about it. "No."

Therefore, the scariest thing for those who have joined the Unification Church is being told they will be kicked out. The second is being told not to work and to do as you please. Which of these do you prefer? You all want the second one, don't you? "No." Look at the world. You may think you need money, but do you know how much suffering comes through money? A woman living alone with a savings account worth billions, as she ages past 50, 60, 70, what will she do? How many side effects are there?

Success? Do you know how many challenges come with success? Do you think success is easy? Try it. Also, try finding a place to play, a place to love. Try finding it as you please. Try living as you please and loving as you please. Do you know how many big wounds, how much great suffering... There are countless mountains of suffering piled up there. However, we in the Unification Church have the pride of going with the guarantee of the universe. Anywhere, in heaven, on earth, anywhere... So should the teacher surrender to America, or should America surrender to the teacher? "America should surrender to the teacher." That can't be helped. America must surrender to Reverend Moon. (Applause)

God's story of trying to save the world

Today's title is "The Path Heaven Takes to Come," but I haven't talked about how heaven comes yet.

Now, when you look at the world, think about how evil the world is. And think about how hard it is for you as one person to complete yourself. How hard is it?

Is it hard or not? Think about it. Is it easy? How difficult is it? How difficult is it?

When you think about it, would God put all His effort into trying to save this world or not? How about you? If you were in God's position, would you stay there for even an hour? Think about it. You would immediately feel hatred. "This damn world!" you would feel hatred. That's what Satan is aiming for. "God, just once, declare that you'll destroy the whole world. Then it will become my world," Satan is thinking this way. If God finds the world annoying and declares that He'll destroy it all, then God's love will also be broken, and it will become Satan's world. That's what he's thinking. What would happen if that were the case? What would happen?

Now, you in the Unification Church, the teacher has been here for years, for ten years, instructing you to do this and that every day, and you're shaking your head, saying you don't like it, but has God rested for even 24 hours until now? How long has God lived tediously? How tedious must it have been? Think about it. Those who claim to believe in and follow such a God can't even last three years, a few years, saying, "Oh! I can't go on. Oh! I'm dying." Can those people expect to receive the blessings of heaven when they go to where God is? Is that how God's sons and daughters are? Is that how the citizens of heaven should be? "No." Think about it. Think about it.

Oh, do you pack up and leave because you're persecuted? Do you pack up and leave because you don't get along with the central figure? "No." If God had done that, would you have even met the Unification Church now? Even spouses don't get along and fight, saying they want a divorce, but can you compare the suffering of those spouses with the suffering God endures? Can you compare the suffering you endure with God's? You must have a sense of honor. When you look at God and us, no matter how much we suffer, it's only for a lifetime, less than 100 years. That's only 36,000 days. You can't endure that? You can't endure that. God has continued for tens of thousands, hundreds of millions of years. No matter how the human world is, God must remain calm. Even though there are countless stories boiling inside, He must remain calm.

If God were to open His mouth and speak words that could communicate His circumstances, there would be stories that could cause weeping for thousands of years. Is that weeping for Himself? "No." You must know that God is a God who has no choice but to shed tears for humanity.

Let me ask you something. When you shed tears, did you cry for yourself, or did you cry for the nation, the world, and God? Or did you cry for the teacher? When you think about that, aren't you ashamed? Aren't you ashamed of yourself? You must know this. Some women get nervous and shed tears over small things, but they must think about these facts and feel ashamed. Who are you shedding tears for? You must shed tears for God, sweat and shed tears for the world and heaven, and sacrifice. Parents must shed tears centered on the family. When they shed tears for the family, parents are precious. They become the center.

Do you want to live only 36,000 days, or do you want to live 3.6 billion years? God doesn't even calculate based on 36,000 days. That's not even worth calculating. When you think about this, our life... (Recording briefly interrupted)

When fishing, if the fish don't bite even with good bait, you must move to another spot and keep casting the bait. You must keep casting it. You must create a scent. That's why I'm telling you to travel around the country, to travel around the world. When you cast real bait, they will bite. Then the world will naturally follow.

Now, 36,000 days are less than a single breath to God. Hoo— (Laughter) It's nothing. Through this short life, if you can occupy the infinite realm of God's love in the great universe, how wonderful is that? Being a president or queen of the world is not the issue.

How big is this great universe now? Light travels 300,000 kilometers per second, and in one second, it can circle the earth seven and a half times. Even at that speed, there are stars that light hasn't reached even after billions of years. Think about that great universe. The distance light travels in a year is called a light-year. Think about the fact that you can occupy this great universe, that you can become the owner of this great universe.

If what the teacher says is true, it's possible. If God exists, it must be so. It must be so. Would it take billions of light-years for humans too? "No." It's immediate, immediate. That's why humans are called the lords of creation. That's why we thank God. Right? "Yes." If you thank God, what should you thank Him with? You must thank Him with completely red, beautiful, lovely, fragrant love, true love. Then God will say, "Ah—, Ah—, it's good." There's nothing else. God needs nothing else.

When you look at your life, it's not even a dot in this great universe. Does it even make a mark? (Writing on the board) Is that precious? Is that precious? The problem of how this world relates to the expanded great universe cannot be solved without love. Without the power of love, it cannot be done. How strong is the power of love? Is it strong? A woman is completely different from a man, everything is opposite, but because of the power of love, she is drawn. A man is also completely different from a woman, everything is different, but he is drawn by the power of love. (Laughter)

Therefore, this great universe can only rotate at full speed on the string of God's love. You must know that. The speed of love is faster than the speed of light. Love that is not united with God's love cannot reach the great universe. It cannot rise. It cannot rise. It doesn't move. It's heavy. It's heavy.

If you compare this great universe to a person, a person has 40 billion cells. Think of them as reduced suns or stars. Think of them as a reduced universe. One cell is like the sun.

Then, what is the power that allows the 40 billion cells in your body to fully operate, to operate at 100%? Is it the sense of sight, the sense of smell, the sense of hearing, or the sense of speech? Only when the power of love flows can that happen. When a man and a woman marry, why do they advocate love? It's to enter a position where all cells can fully operate and feel stimulation. Do you understand? Only the power of love can fully operate the cells.

Similarly, the universe also becomes fully stimulated and fully excited centered on God's true love. If you have God's true love, you can do whatever you want with the great universe. You can act freely. But without it, you fall and crash. Within this great universe, centered on God's true love, there is no impossibility. You must know that there is no impossibility. There, everything happens as I wish. All intuition and immediate things... Even if I invite 100,000, 1 million, 10 million people to a banquet, it can be done in an instant. The adjectives that act on true love can act ideally. It's good to see big things, but even after seeing and seeing and seeing, it's still desirable, and even after looking at small things for a thousand years... That is only possible with true love. You must know that only the power of true love can act in that world.

So, when you become love itself, when you approach love itself as love itself, what will that satisfied state be like? Think about it. It's okay to stay still for a thousand years, ten thousand years, and it's okay to move for a thousand years, ten thousand years. You must know that we are humans who look toward that world. Don't you want to go to that world? "I want to go." You must quickly pass and receive a diploma and some kind of degree. "I will receive a doctorate." You have a lot of greed. (Laughter)

God is on the side of those who live for the greater good.

Now, should we take it slow because we're doing it for others, rest while doing it, sleep while doing it, eat while doing it? How about that? "No, it won't do." Then what? Not sleeping, not eating, not wearing? Then in the spirit world, do they not wear clothes? "Yes." (Laughter) Whether you wear it or not, it's the same. Even if you wear it, you can see everything. You can see if you want to.

Then is it good or bad to be criticized in the satanic world? Should you live for the world even while being criticized, or not? "You should live." Will you do that? "Yes." How about being a beggar for your whole life? If that is the highest path of love for God, how about that? If that is correct, is it a small okay or a big okay? Which is it? "Big okay." Reverend Moon is not a foolish person. I'm smarter than you. I'm connected to things you can't even think of.

Therefore, have I been persecuted my whole life, or not? "You have been." Then is persecution bad or good? It's a test. It's a test, a test. I'm fighting with the U.S. government. America opposes me. I'm being opposed. Who wins, the one who is opposed or the one who opposes? The one who is opposed wins.

Then, America lives for America, but Reverend Moon lives for the universe. Whose side is the universe on? Whose side is God on? "On Father's side." That's obvious. From the principle of the principle, it's obvious. You must know that even if America perishes, the universe will not perish. Even if America perishes, the sun and moon will continue to rise! The world of stars will still exist! The universe will not change! This is Reverend Moon's ideology.

Now, you and the teacher are the same people, but what's different? The ideology is different. The teacher is not tired even after being persecuted all his life. He is not tired. If you were persecuted, you would run away saying you're dying, but even if I go to prison and do all sorts of things, it's still progress, until the day I liberate God. With what will I liberate Him? With true love...

Persecution is a condition to escape satanic authority.

Then I will now talk about how heaven came. You, this world is the satanic world. You must know that when a person from heaven's side appears in this satanic world, they are treated as a spy. Do you understand? They are treated as a spy. When a person from heaven's side comes, they don't come to overturn the satanic world but to find it. They come to restore it to its original state. However, Satan sees them as coming to destroy the satanic world.

Satan originally belonged to God. Isn't that right? He belonged to God. Then Satan himself knows what the original path he must take, the path where the universe can become one. But why did he become Satan? Because he is in a position where he does not live for God centered on true love, but for himself instead of true love. You must know that. When a person with true love appears, Satan knows that "this is not my love, but yours," and it must return to God. Satan knows it must return to God. He knows everything.

True love goes beyond individuals, families, tribes, nations, and the world. To connect with the universe, you must go beyond the world. You must go beyond families, nations, and the world. That's the principle. A person with true love must go beyond this. (Speaking while writing on the board) So Satan says, "When you send your person to this earth, to the satanic world, you must go beyond this."
To be someone who can belong here, you must be able to overcome all the standards of persecution and transcend the borders of the world to reach the heavens. When Satan tells God, 'That's how it should be,' God responds, 'Indeed!' He says, 'A person who lives for the whole, centered on God's love, belongs to Your kingdom, but if they live for themselves or for something within this realm, I have a responsibility to intervene.' The fall occurred from self-awareness, centered on oneself and one's own.

So, if someone is to be sent from heaven, what should be done? At such times, one cannot say they cannot be sent, as the universe originally belongs to God. However, since it is an evil world, a heavenly individual comes to the satanic individual world, a heavenly family comes to the satanic family world, a heavenly tribe comes to the satanic tribal world, a heavenly nation comes to the satanic national world, and they pave the way for the world to be restored.

In biblical history, the term 'Israel,' meaning victory, began with Jacob. Was Jacob a good person or a bad person? He sold stew to his brother and took away the birthright, deceived his father to receive blessings, and yet is he considered a good person? He went to his uncle Laban's house, took all the wealth, and fled. When the Israelites left Egypt, didn't they take all the gold and silver, claiming they were going to offer sacrifices for three days?

This might seem bad in the eyes of God and the world, so why did Satan not punish them? This is the question. Why? You need to understand this. You must understand that they were persecuted because of heaven. Jacob was persecuted. He was persecuted for 21 years. The more Laban opposed and persecuted Jacob, the more he paid the price for the ownership Jacob would take. Laban deceived Jacob ten times. Pharaoh hardened his heart ten times before the Israelites. This persecution was necessary to set conditions for heavenly people to indemnify through the satanic world and to escape conditions that could be problematic.

Therefore, whenever you are persecuted, you should think, 'This is how I will achieve God's blessing.' There is nothing else to think about. This is how God's will is fulfilled. Only then will you not be caught in conditions. Instead, you should say, 'Though she is your daughter, I love her more than you do, though it is your property, I love it with true love more than you do on behalf of God.' Do you understand what I mean?

When Reverend Moon first came to America, he resolved to be more patriotic than those who came 200 years ago, despite any persecution he might face here. Even if the world opposed Reverend Moon for three and a half years, starting from the individual level to the family, tribe, and nation, they now say, 'We cannot do without Reverend Moon. We need Reverend Moon.' While Reverend Moon is being pushed, he continues to rise, and America continues to decline. (Applause) This is why the concept of loving one's enemy was established. Loving one's enemy is essential because it allows you to conquer the enemy's world entirely. You must understand the core idea of loving your enemy.

Receiving blessings through persecution

In the history of the Unification Church, when was the era of worldwide opposition? The fact that the entire world, including Judaism, Buddhism, Confucianism, Christianity, America, and communism, opposed Reverend Moon was an unavoidable phenomenon in the process of transferring the blessings they had. This is why interdenominational movements are possible, and the unity of superhuman scholars is possible. A superhuman summit club was created. It's all 'super.' Only Reverend Moon can do this. No one else can. We have reached such a stage.

Look. Mr. Park returned from South America yesterday, and the presidents of South American countries are asking Reverend Moon to help their countries. You see, when you press down on this plate, it pops up. Being persecuted is similar. When you press this, it rises. (Speaking while writing on the board) When Western whites oppose Reverend Moon, people of color support him. When North America opposes, the path opens in South America. That's how it is. Do you understand?

Therefore, persecution is not a bad thing. While being persecuted on one side, the will is being fulfilled on the other. When this is lifted, what was here eventually comes over here. Isn't that right? When what was here is lifted, everything pours out. Everything here comes over. (Pointing to the board) Religion develops when it is persecuted because of this principle. Blessings are inherited through persecution.

So, what happens when everyone welcomes Reverend Moon and the Unification Church? The opposite phenomenon occurs. Unification Church leaders end up persecuting Unification Church members. You need to know this. When they persecute, it's like they are handing over the foundation they built for the Unification Church. When old members make life difficult for new members, it leads to development. It leads to development. Make them suffer without food. Those who silently endure and are grateful receive blessings. Is that right or wrong? "That's right." It's the same.

Throughout history, no religious leader has been persecuted worldwide like Reverend Moon. Communism, democracy, Judaism, Buddhism, all religions opposed him. When was the peak of this? It was in 1976. Since then, persecution has decreased. Nowadays, people in America say, 'Reverend Moon, you must not leave America.' Someone wrote a letter saying, 'You are absolutely necessary, don't leave. There are more people supporting you than opposing you.'

Recently, after establishing the Washington Times and everything, Washington is now a problem. Without me, there would be trouble, and removing the Washington Times would be a disaster. The U.S. administration cannot handle South American diplomacy without me. In the past, South American or U.S. embassies would arrogantly ask, 'Who are the Moonies?' but now they are eager to meet Mr. Bo Hi Pak. Our Moonies at the Washington Times are treated like royalty. They are busy attending banquets and receiving considerable respect. Do you understand? Those who were persecuted in America are now taking away the blessings. Blessings come from such difficult positions. Blessings come after being persecuted and then rising again.

When you return from fundraising this time, is there less opposition than before? "There is less." What do you think will happen after the trial ends and some time passes? At that time, if someone opposes, you should spit and say, 'You rascal!' They won't be able to do anything. They won't be able to do anything. 'You rascal, are you still a Moonie?' Say that. (Laughter, applause) Korea opposed the most, followed by Japan, America, and Germany. These four countries opposed Reverend Moon the most, and they are caught by Reverend Moon. Communism, of course, is included.

Now, look. After going through such a history of persecution, it is impossible to establish the royal palace of heaven all at once. From the position of a servant of servants, to a servant, to an adopted child, to an illegitimate child, to a son, then to a mother, a father, and so on. There are adopted children and illegitimate children. Then there is the son, then the mother, then the father. Christianity has been the Holy Spirit since Jesus came and died. The Holy Spirit is the mother. After the mother spirit lays the global foundation, the father must return. It progresses step by step, not all at once. That's why education is necessary.

The Eight Stages of the Restoration Course

Human history has been approximately 850,000 years. It is roughly viewed as 850,000 years. During that period, religious movements emerged from primitive times, enduring persecution. So, who is orchestrating this history? It is God. This is where it diverges. It diverges from here. (Speaking while writing on the board) "Is it God who orchestrates this? (Interpreter)" It is God, but it diverges step by step from the position of a servant of servants. In the position of a servant of servants, the servant becomes the master. The master does not command the servant; the servant commands the master.

To become the master of the heavenly kingdom, one must endure and overcome the persecution of all the satanic world's servants. If it is to represent a global nation, that nation must endure global persecution. You must understand this. At that time, persecution is severe. How much sacrifice is made? They are captured and killed. They are captured and killed. If the Unification Church had emerged several hundred years ago, during Jesus' time, would even one have survived? They would all have died. Do you think you would have survived? "No." How many of you think you would have died at that time? How about you? Raise your hand if you think you could have died then. Wonderful! (Laughter)

Therefore, you must be prepared to die. That's why the saying 'Those who seek to die will live' emerged. It is not a serious statement; it was a common saying of that era. You must understand that in the course of restoration, there is great persecution on a global scale. Blood is inevitably shed. From the position of a servant of servants to the position of a servant, and then to the position of an adopted child, there is persecution. It is the same here, up to the seventh stage. Including God, there are eight stages.

Then who must endure this? People change, but God does not change. Therefore, among the world's religions, there are religions of servants of servants, religions of servants, religions of adopted children, religions of illegitimate children, religions of sons, religions of mothers, religions of fathers, and religions of True Parents. Eventually, a religion centered on parents emerges. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." The world is now in such religious forms. Religion transcends long history and emerges, so such religious forms remain. However, in the end, a religion centered on True Parents emerges. (Speaking while writing on the board)

The term Unification Church, meaning the unification of religions, emerged because it is impossible without the doctrine of a religion containing the content of True Parents. All of this is connected and has died. All of it has died, but in the spiritual realm, only God has planned all of this. Ultimately, what it means is that God orchestrates this through people. You must understand this. God orchestrates it through people. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

If this world had not fallen, it would have been accomplished all at once. It would have been accomplished all at once, but because of the fall, it is restored step by step, and these internal facts must be indemnified and restored on earth within one generation.

The period of greatest persecution was from 1960 to 1980

More than half of the world is under the Christian sphere, and the democratic world, including America, is within the Christian cultural sphere, prepared for the Second Coming. Both the nation and the church were prepared for the Second Coming. Within Christianity, there are servants and servants of servants, but all living conditions are aligned with the satanic world as servants. Therefore, if they had received the coming Lord, everything would have been connected at once. It would have been completed in seven years. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." In this way, centered on True Parents, it would have moved globally, and everything would have ended. However, when opposed, it must be repeated in the historical era and done again. What was spiritually accomplished over 2,000 years by God must be matched to this standard when it breaks apart. (Speaking while writing on the board)

Then, when opposed here, this world falls, and this world rises from persecution. This was the period of greatest persecution from 1960 to 1980, globally. This is similar to the 2,000 years of Christianity. This was a historical transitional period. Therefore, in the 40-year period, globally... (Speaking while writing on the board) This is the second course of the three seven-year courses in the Unification Church, the three seven-year courses. Do you understand?

Then, who will accomplish all these historical tasks? Christianity must do it. They must indemnify and connect everything to the coming Lord. Then the coming Lord must organize it freely and advance globally on that foundation. However, since it was not accomplished, it must start again from the path of a servant.

The responsibility of the teacher is to represent the responsibility of True Parents, so it starts from the position of a servant of servants. It is not persecution. It starts from prison. In 1960, at the peak of persecution at the national level during Jesus' time, it surpassed the 1960s. It started from there. The period of greatest persecution for the Unification Church was then.

So, they finally had a family. To have a family, they must enter the position of a servant, adopted child, illegitimate child, and son. They cannot enter the blessing realm without reaching the completion level of growth. It is the completion level of growth. (Speaking while writing on the board) Therefore, it cannot be done from the beginning. It must be done by creating an opposing environment. When the time comes, the ancestors from the spirit world will come and testify. They will definitely come and testify when the time comes.

Therefore, they endure all the persecution of this world and also endure the persecution of the external world.

Home Church is necessary to connect Cain and Abel

Now, think about it. Christianity developed even during the Roman persecution era, but why is it declining in the free world over 20 years? You don't know, do you? Why is it declining? It is because they opposed the Unification Church. Why is the free world collapsing against communism? This is a curse from Satan. They are completely hit by communism. If Christianity had not opposed the Unification Church, communism would have already disappeared, but by opposing it, communism emerged. The miserable path of fighting communism remains for humanity.

Therefore, the Unification Church cannot help but engage in anti-communist activities. You must understand that it cannot help but confront communism head-on. Therefore, during the teacher's lifetime, in this historical era, they are establishing the Home Church foundation on the substantial foundation of indemnifying spiritually. Establishing the Home Church foundation means that they have entered the era where they can appoint responsible people who can become tribal messiahs centered on True Parents. They have entered the era of striking the family realm of the satanic world. This is about indemnifying the failure of Jesus to connect the family of Zechariah and the family of Joseph centered on Judaism. It must be indemnified to enter the position of parents. Only then can they go through the nation to the world. Because Jesus could not go and died, the Home Church movement is to indemnify this.

By doing so, by setting the condition that you have inherited the foundation that Christianity opposed, you can connect the path to the nation, world, and world through the tribe. It is not an individual messiah that Christianity hoped for, but here, it is preparing to go to the world by serving True Parents as the family messiah. Therefore, they serve the national messiah and the world messiah and move to one world. True Parents are coming. By serving True Parents as the national and world messiah, they advance toward the kingdom of heaven beyond the messiah. By doing so, you must understand that what Christianity failed to do, Christianity accepts tribally, and through the new Unification Church, they serve the global parents and advance to the kingdom of heaven on earth. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Home Church is an unavoidable path we must take to restore the tribal messiah realm that Jesus failed and the global national organization foundation that Christianity failed.

In terms of the Unification Church, if the Unification Church is Abel, then Christianity is Cain, so to connect the Cain church and the Abel church instead of the Cain family, Home Church is necessary. Christianity has collapsed. The foundation has collapsed. You must clearly understand that Home Church is to accomplish what Jesus failed and what Christianity failed. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Only when they become one with Home Church, centered on the Unification Church and True Parents, can they enter the kingdom of heaven. They are going to one world.

You must set the condition of loving Cain first to love Abel

You do not know the history of the teacher. You do not know how difficult and how sorrowful the reality is. The teacher has lived a life of tears throughout his life. That is how heaven comes. Now, what you must think about is that 'I' caused God such suffering, 'I' caused True Parents such suffering. You must have the thought that 'I' is a being born from the cells of all the people who sacrificed and all the righteous people, born victorious amidst persecution. You must know how many Christian martyrs there were. Therefore, you cannot say anything now. God himself has spiritually gathered and True Parents have physically unified it to overcome Satan's accusations and move forward. You must know that this is an enormous, astonishing, and terrifying fact.

Now, the teacher has a family. Originally, if there had been no fall, God and parents would have loved Cain, the eldest son, more than anyone else. Loving the eldest to the utmost is the principle of the creation ideal. Centered on the teacher, there is a mother, and the teacher loves this mother. Then, can he truly say he loves the mother representing the world? You must know that the original world is a world without the fall and without persecution. You must know that it is a world without accusations. You must know that the life of love begins after overcoming the world's persecution realm.

Therefore, if I honestly confess, when the mother asks me, 'Do you truly love me? How much do you love me?' I answer, 'I love you as much as the mother.' That is the only answer I can give. Do you understand what I mean? You must know that universal love begins in a world without persecution, after overcoming the fall realm.

And to become True Parents, you must... The Cain world is the world of the eldest son, right? The Cain world is like the fallen eldest son world, so even if they oppose, you must set the condition that you gave them all the love of heaven. You must love the eldest first. Because Satan is the eldest, Satan says, 'God! To love Abel, you must set the condition that you loved the eldest first. Without showing such love to me, you cannot love the second.' This is principled. Therefore, the path the mother must take, the path of Eve, is to unite Cain and Abel and return to Adam. Therefore, no matter how much the mother desires universal love, such love cannot be given. That is the position she is in.

Then, in the Unification Church, when the teacher looks at men and women, because he is in God's position, even if they are fallen people, he must stand in the position to love Eve first, as God loved Eve more than anyone else. "Are you talking about Unification Church people? (Interpreter)" No, I am talking about the teacher. It is the same for men. It is the same for Adam. "Are you talking about the teacher?" Because the teacher represented God's position, and because God could not complete the original heart standard of loving Adam and Eve, even though they fell, they are the eldest. Because they are the first son and daughter, without setting the condition of loving them, you cannot move to the second son and daughter. Even though they fell, they are the eldest. You must love the eldest first. Even though they fell, you must love them first. Therefore, you sacrifice yourselves to love outsiders.

Similarly, even if it means sacrificing our children, parents love you more. They are meant to love you more. You must know that they are meant to love you more, not their own children. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Our children know this. There is nothing they can do. There is nothing they can do.

Therefore, in the Unification Church, the leaders and the teacher must set the condition that they lived for others. Even when Satan sees it, he must say they lived that way, God must say they lived that way, the Unification Church itself must know it, and the leaders must know it. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Therefore, when this Unification Church movement becomes global, surpassing the democratic world, you can love your children more. You can do so when you move to the original world. However, the original world has not yet been achieved. Therefore, you cannot come to the parents without uniting with our children. Also, the world cannot go without uniting with you. You must know that Cain and Abel cannot return without uniting. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Therefore, the teacher has not been able to love his children until now. He has not been able to love them in the true sense like worldly people. This is because it is a fallen world, a persecuted world, an evil world. In the world of demons, from the very bottom, through the position where heaven and earth can unite, true original love begins, and they are meant to go to the spirit world.
Advancing from a position that goes beyond that principle.
The position of a mother who must obey and follow
Therefore, a mother must endure all the persecution of women. She must overcome all the wrongs of women. That is the responsibility of a mother. She must be able to overcome everything and more. She must be able to cover and digest everything with love.
Also, what comes next is that she must be able to digest all the complications of Adam. This is the first cross. The second cross is that she must be able to welcome whatever her husband says. This is the position of a mother. She must digest everything, she must be able to digest everything. She must endure all the persecution of the men of this world and stand in a position to become a sacrifice on their behalf by digesting everything within the realm of death with love. She must be in a position to digest it with love.
Then what is the third? She must be able to digest all the persecution of the sons and daughters of the world and the families of the world with love. She must become a mother who can digest with love. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." A mother only needs to do this. She only needs to pass these three tests. She needs to overcome these three crosses. Then, the three... (Recording briefly interrupted) By indemnifying everything regarding women, indemnifying everything regarding men, and indemnifying everything regarding children, this completes the original conditions of indemnity for the four-position foundation. Then that becomes a standard for the family.
Then what is the responsibility of the teacher, the responsibility of the father? Here, he must bear the cross of the family. He must bear the entire cross of the family world, the entire cross of the national world, and then the entire cross of the world. The mother just needs to follow. Also, the father must digest everything regarding men, everything regarding women, and everything regarding sons. In this way, he must represent the family and take responsibility for the nation and the world. The mother just needs to follow. She just needs to follow. The mother just needs to follow. She must obey and go. In that place, she cannot assert her opinion. That is the principle view. Until the world is completely united and all persecution ends, the mother must not resist even a word. That is the principle view. She must absolutely obey Adam. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." This is the fight we are in. You know what you need to do. Women know what they need to do, right?
Now, look at this. Among the blessed men, if you have your wife, you must not doubt even if another man appears. The same goes for men. You must become a subject and object who can digest all the bad things of the men's world and the women's world with love. If the wives of leaders dislike young women coming, that is Satan.
When the teacher goes to Japan or anywhere in the world, if the mother, as a woman, doubts, how can she live? She must take care of everything. That's why the teacher tells the mother to attend public events as much as possible. Even if she doesn't like it, she must be taken along. It must be said. Do you understand what that means? At that time, you must not say, "You go alone." This is the path of restoration, so until the world stage, it is a shared destiny because of the fall. That means the husband cannot work while the wife sleeps. It's the same. You must do it together. Do you understand? "Yes."
You must walk the path that God and the True Parents have walked. It is a path that has been paved through tens of thousands of years of history to connect with you today. You must know that you were born as beings like a single entity with the resurrected elements of countless countries and tens of millions of people who paid the price of sacrifice. You must know that if you do wrong, your ancestors will be implicated. It is still two worlds. The side you are currently on is Abel, and the ancestors in the spirit world are Cain. They are the firstborn, so they are Cain. These two must become one.
As the teacher said earlier, just as all of God's conditions of indemnity were indemnified on earth, you have the responsibility to align the spiritual program with the physical program on earth. Just because you say you are one doesn't mean you are one. You must know that you represent your entire lineage. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." That is the conclusion.
You must know how much God has shed tears, how much blood He has shed, and how much sweat He has shed. The True Parents have walked the same path. Therefore, you must walk such a path as well. You must discover the 'I' that has no room for excuses. But you ask to be recognized? Why can't the teacher play such a game in the world? Why can't he ask to be recognized? How can you ask to be established when you haven't fulfilled your responsibility and mission?
Therefore, God has poured public tears, public blood, and public sweat to find this path. Since you have known the path that has been found, you must become such a person to inherit it. Otherwise, you cannot inherit it. Tens of thousands of years, tens of millions of spirits have looked at you with such a purpose, and if you do wrong, you become a traitor. You must not become a traitor of the past, a traitor of the present, or a traitor of the future. You must know that you are the ones who must unite, pledge, and move forward.
God sees it this way, with this perspective. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." You have understood how Heaven has been found. Continuing the tradition from 1983 and establishing a position is the path of the True Parents. Do you understand? "Yes." Then let's raise our hands and pledge to go that way. Thank you. *

The Center of Responsibility and Indemnity
There are many religions on earth, but the Unification Church feels like a particularly different religion. Leaving other religions aside, even looking at Christianity, it says that if you believe, you will be saved, and all will be forgiven, which seems so simple.
The Center of God's Faith is True Love
Then, when you analyze what that belief entails, to what extent is it? There will be a degree issue. It brings a significant difference from the difference in the standard of knowledge. The belief of uneducated people, people who know nothing, is different from the belief of educated people. In that sense, it often seems reasonable that scientists cannot believe in religion.
And it varies depending on the strength and weakness of the will. If you have strength, you stand in a position where you are not dominated by anyone and can dominate others. Therefore, the weak need a life of faith, but the strong do not.
Then, what about God? Does God also have a life of faith? How about it? Does God also have a life of faith? How about it? "No." "Yes." That's the problem. Even here, it is divided into no and yes. "Yes." So what is God's faith, God's faith? (Laughter) Will He believe in Jesus, Buddha, Confucius, or Muhammad? "Father." (Laughter) If I must say, even God would have faith. That faith is to look up to. It means to revere, to hope, to have aspirations, which is possible.
Then what would be the center of God's faith? What is the ideal center? "True love." Of course, it should be. It all concludes with true love. Can God feel love alone? The Unification Church concludes that God Himself is the masculine subject with dual characteristics, but can God, who of course has faith, feel love by just being the center of love? "No."
Everything is very good when connected with the concept of relativity
The human body temperature is 36.5 degrees, and when blood flows through the blood vessels, heat is generated. Do you know you have heat? Do you feel it? (Laughter) Also, the pulse beats seventy-two times or seventy-something times a minute, but how many times a day do you feel your heart beating continuously? Even though the heart beats, you do not feel it, and even though there is heat, you do not feel it. However, as soon as you touch someone's hand, you immediately know whether it is colder or warmer than yours. Then, who is the standard? The standard for cold and warm is already the temperature you have.
Then, who is the standard for good and bad? Generally, you are the standard. You say something is good if it is better than you and bad if it is worse than you. Then what about God? When God says something is good, is it because it is lower than Him or higher than Him? That is the problem. Haven't you thought about that? What is it? So when God says, "Ah, I have power, so it's good!" can He say it's good no matter how much power He has? Can the God who created the entire universe, the king of wisdom, say, "Ah, I have wisdom and am the king of knowledge, so it's good!" Does that work? Can a king of a country rejoice in being a king alone in a room? It is joyful only when compared to others. Therefore, even if He is the absolute God, He is unnecessary alone.
God created Eve, saying it is not good for Adam to be alone, and then said, "It is very good." (Laughter) The "very good" mentioned at the beginning of the Bible was not said for God alone or Adam alone, but when the concept of relativity is connected, the term "very good" begins. You must understand this.
In this way, when you look at the universe, everything is very interesting. Everything is very good. What if there was only one lip? What if there was only one? (Laughter) No matter what, you can only say it is very good if both are there. (Laughter) What if there was only one ear? That would be no good. It is very good because there are two. It is good if both nostrils are open rather than one, and it matches the rhythm. Do you understand? Therefore, when both correspond and go together, it is "very good." The man says, "Ha ha ha," and the woman says, "He he he," and when both harmonize, it is very good.
And a song is nothing special. A song is a harmony of high, low, strong, and weak. Is that right? "Yes." Raise your hand if you like rainy days. Generally, people do not like rainy days. (Laughter) Of course, plants and vegetation absolutely need rain. Without rain, the animal world cannot survive, so rain is necessary, but on rainy days, they always say they want the sun to come out. Therefore, the universe is a harmony of rain, thunder, and strange phenomena. When the sun comes out after rainy days, you realize the gratitude of the sunlight.
You can only say it is very good when you use love as a standard
Now, let's return to God. If I continue this story, it will never end. God is the masculine subject with dual characteristics. Then who is that God like? He is like us, like me, like you. It is the same. Therefore, the term "subject" inevitably involves the concept of "object." The concept is already there. The term "subject" arises because it requires an object.
That means that even if God is an absolute subject, the term "very good" is said when there is an object. God also says it is good. Then, when God said it was very good, was it said for Adam, for Eve, or for God? Was the term "very good" said for Adam, for Eve, or for God? "Adam." "God." It will never end. Was it said for Adam, for Eve, for God, or for the whole? Among these four, which is it?
Now, if it is very good, what is the content of that very good? What can be said to be very good for Adam, for Eve, for God, for you, and for everything? "True love." When God said it was very good, it was not for God Himself, not for Eve, not for Adam. It was said with love as the center, with love as the standard, which is the most logical statement.
Then what is love? Why can it be the center that can be said to be very good? The problem is that when this love is activated, God follows, Adam follows, and Eve follows. Is that a correct statement or not? "It is correct." Then why do men follow women, and why do women seek men? "Because of love." Have you seen love? (Laughter) Is there anyone who says, "I love myself" when alone? Also, if a man says, "My love, your love," and if that love is different, what happens? In this way, men need women, and women need men because of love.
Then, when God created Adam and Eve and said it was very good, did He say "very" by looking at Adam's eyes or Eve's eyes? Among them, the term "very" began by looking through love. That is natural.
Men are active, go out, and are wild, while women say, "I don't want to. I want to sit here. I want to play house here." So how different are they? Women look and say, "Men are better than me. I live like this, but men are active. That's good." Also, when men look at women, they say, "Women sit quietly all day and do things better than me." They both say so, so it fits. You must know that. If one goes this way, the other goes the opposite way. They meet by being opposite.
As I said before, someone said, "On the first day of the lunar new year, the teacher said that men and women are not equal," and whatnot. Then can the subject and object be the same? Is it equal? Is it the same? "No." Men want to go out, and women want to sit, but are they the same? They are all different. So do women like to receive or to give? Men like to give, and women like to receive. But are they the same? Men say, "Wow wow wow," and women say, "He he he." But are they the same? Is it equal? "No." What is different? "..."
However, when you discuss equality with love, it is a complete conclusion. When discussing equality between men and women, it is not about women going out into society and succeeding. Discussing equality with love as the center is ideal. So what is better? Is social equality better, or is equality in love better? "Equality in love." Now, the term equality will disappear. I, Reverend Moon, am not against women or the women's rights movement. (Applause)
Now, the problem is like this. When God said it was very good, you must know that He spoke of love, the center of the universe, which requires the term "very."
Every being is born to love its counterpart
In this way, if God is love, why did He create humans? If God says love is very good, what is very good? God Himself is love, so why did He create humans? It is to feel stimulating love, stimulating love.
Then what is the most stimulating thing? What is good about a painting by an artist? So what is the most stimulating force? "Love." It is love, love. Because it is love, every cell, even the cells of a woman's hair, is all stimulation. Therefore, the power of love has the ability to infinitely expand and infinitely contract. Why is that? When you have true love, you say, "Ah!" and like it, but when love leaves, it becomes extremely gloomy, extremely hellish, and extremely dark. When love comes, there is nowhere you cannot see. Every cell moves 100%, and everything looks good, feels good, hears good, and all senses are good, but when it leaves, even with open eyes, it becomes dark, and even with open ears, you cannot hear. It becomes dark. I wonder if that is correct. "It is correct." I don't know well? "It is correct."
Now, looking at this, loving God Himself is like having electricity flowing through a coil. When electricity flows through a coil, you do not feel stimulation. It is like our body temperature. When you turn the switch on and off, light becomes a stimulus. How stimulating is it? When you look at electricity, when you press the switch at the substation, dozens of times the power comes rushing in. Then it explodes. The stimulating power comes down from a high place and does that.
Then why did God create day and night? If the sun is out every day, what qualifications does the morning have? When you say it is a bright morning, a shining morning, what is bright, and what is shining? It is not fun. However, everything is for stimulation, and the task of love is woven with stimulating symbols and forms, having a rhythm that can harmonize.
Then who was the woman born for? Was it for herself? "No." That is the truth. "No." Reverend Moon thinks the same. Isn't that right? "No." It is not "No," it is "No." (Laughter) Is it "No" or "Yes"? Yes! "No." Yes! "No." For whom? "For men." (Laughter) Women were not born for themselves. You must know that they were born for men, for men.
Then what about men? "They were born for women." (Laughter) You laugh when you say men and women, but what is it? It means they were born because of love. They were born because of love. (Laughter)
Therefore, being born as a man and being born as a woman, for what reason? Men were born for women, and women were born for men. That means they were born because of love. Men and women, whether young or old, all follow love. Is that statement wrong? "No." Is it true? "Yes."
To meet God, you must have eternal, unique, and unchanging love
If this is the case, what about God? For whom does God exist? God must have been born for someone, right? If God is the subject, there must be an object. Who is that object? A monkey. (Laughter) Why are you laughing? Are you better than a monkey? "Yes." I see monkeys eating the lice of their young, but do you eat lice? How much love would it take to do that? Do you do that too? In terms of love, aren't you inferior to monkeys? "We are better." (Laughter) Better in what way? You must know that the love of monkeys and the love of humans are different. What is different? Monkeys meet freely when the time comes, but humans do not.
Also, in the world of deer, the strongest one becomes the leader by fighting, and if it knocks down all the other males with its antlers, all the female deer follow that leader. Isn't the Western duel derived from such a world? When there are two men, women follow the winner after a fight where one dies. That is the Western style. (Laughter) In this way, animal love is love of power, but human love is not. Even a weak person with compassion and a heart of pity can be loved more than a strong person. That is the difference. Human love is ascending love, moral love, so the center is different.
The tradition of love must be established by Adam and Eve, not falling, and must be based on eternity before the eternal subject, God. Men and women must become one to stand. They must become completely one to be the object to God, the subject with dual characteristics. They must be wrapped in the cloth of love. That means God is the plus as the subject of love, and humans are the minus as the object of love. Then when Adam and Eve say, "I look at you," should they look separately or together? "Together." Therefore, you must love God more than your husband.
Therefore, in the Unification Church, even though couples live well together and have children, when it is said, "Wives, go forth!" women say, "What is this? No." Such thoughts and ideas exist. However, one must go to God, be bound by love, and enter to live. Therefore, why do you absolutely need a man, and why do you absolutely need a woman? It is to contact God's love, God's true love. That is logical.
Then would a woman living alone be happy? What do you call that these days? What sexual? "Lesbian." (Interpreter) Lesbian, and what do you call a man? "Homosexual." (Interpreter) What is that? If a lesbian woman and a homosexual man were gathered here, would they continue to listen to the teacher's words, or would they think they need to change? Can they oppose Reverend Moon, saying it is wrong? "No." Young people worldwide did not know such things existed. To meet God, you must have love with eternal, unique, and unchanging attributes. Without that, you cannot meet the subject of true love or participate in the path of true love. You must clearly understand this.
You must have your first love in a position recognized by the universe
Now, love is like an electric wire. If the plus electricity flows through a gold wire and the minus electricity flows through a copper wire, if the plus electricity says, "I am a gold wire, so you, minus, come as a gold wire," it will completely disappear. It will be cut off. The day the wires connect, the electricity is cut off. Therefore, it is better to separate them forever.
So, everyone, you should do well with your first love. Do well with your first love. You must do well with your first love. Be patient and choose well to make contact. That's fine. First love is bound to work out 100%. Whether you're black, white, or yellow, all of humanity is universally bound to succeed in first love. Do you understand what I'm saying? Through first love, when two become one and say, "God, we have become a minus," God comes like a thunderbolt, like lightning, and they become one. It's okay even if you get flattened by the spark.

Then what is the thunder and lightning? It means love centered on the universe. After a sunny day, it is bound to become cloudy. When yang is full, yin is bound to come. Women are yin, and men are yang. (Laughter)

Then, when is puberty for men and women? You need to know when puberty is for both men and women. Men go up from here, and women go down like this. When is puberty? Puberty is when they meet here. Then what happens? By becoming one, this goes like this, and this goes like this. (Speaking while drawing on the board)

Now, while men are here, when they become one, women go inside, and men go inside here. Men go inside like this, and women go like this. When women come here, they go inside, and when they come here, men change. Then, since this came here to go like this, it goes this way. This came here to go like this, so it goes this way. It turns around. Do you understand? So, it is bound to turn. If there is only a man or only a woman, it cannot turn. Men and women cannot turn alone. So, while doing this, women turn like this, and men turn the opposite way here. This becomes the center and stands on the equilibrium line. (Pointing to the drawing on the board)

Therefore, the distance that can completely bring the center is when the puberty era reaches its peak. In that sense, puberty for men and women is the same. Therefore, by connecting to the original center of the universe, the center of true love, you can enter the position to meet God. (Pointing to the drawing on the board) During puberty, how much do you grow? There is no one who is not a poet, no one who is not a writer. Everyone's heart is flying, and they cannot stay still. Everyone is spinning. Why is that? To connect to the center. The antenna becomes wider and bigger.

No matter how big the radius of a man's love during puberty is, it cannot be done alone. You have to find a woman. At that time, you must not meet recklessly. If you meet, there will be trouble. However, because there is traditional love, you must meet in a position recognized by parents, the nation, and the universe.

In that sense, the center of love must be received through the universe from God, through the world, through the nation, through the tribe, and through the family. You must not do it as you please. You must not do it as you please. That is the foundation of the universe and the principle of love, but today's America is not like that. American families and people with such delusions are all trash. Then who made that? Satan made it.

So, you must know that first love is precious. Even those who have dated and done all sorts of things cannot compare to those with first love. So, knowing that the love of the universe is like this, is it okay to kiss and say 'I love you' on the street or at school? If done wrong, the most precious love becomes the most base. If done wrong, it becomes dirty love. Then, is the new American family dirty love or sacred love? What is it? "Sacred love."

Therefore, the reason the teacher has been blessing you until now is to represent God, the world, the nation, the tribe, the people, and the family. This is an amazing fact. Yet, you say, 'I don't like it!' You rascals! Did you create women? Did you create men? Is love yours? "No." Are you sure? "Yes." Is Reverend Moon's word wrong? "No." If anyone thinks my word is wrong, explain why it's wrong. Try to establish a theoretical system beyond this.

Therefore, when a man comes home depressed, the woman should serve with a smile. Also, when a woman is depressed, the man should rise like the sun with hope. That's why songs, art, and jokes are necessary.

Talking about this, today's topic is... The reason for such talk is that you are all disorganized. That's why organization is necessary. Is this necessary or not? "It is necessary."

The history of struggle began due to the fall.

People say, 'If God is omniscient and omnipotent, why did He create the world like this? Isn't there no God?' That's what they say. So, principle lecturers must know such things, why it is so. When you listen to the teacher, you become certain, 'Ah! That's how it is.' As I said earlier, God also has faith, faith in true love. Earlier, when I asked, 'Does God have faith or not?' it becomes 'He has faith.' And for the practice of that faith, He has been conducting the providence of restoration until now. He is conducting the providence of salvation.

Why has God left the world like this, with all sorts of ideologies, homosexuality, and lesbianism, causing chaos? Why can't He sort it out? It's incomprehensible. Looking at the universe, there should be a God, but seeing this mess, one might say there is no God. Even someone like Marx thought so. When pursuing the logic of dialectics, observing that the body and mind of a person are divided and fighting, it seems like they grow while fighting. So, could there be a God who gave the concept of struggle? Thus, one cannot help but claim there is no God.

Isn't history like that? Hasn't history developed through struggle? Therefore, the philosophical basis for communism and materialism to dominate the world is abundant. However, our conscience is pure and longs for an indescribably high ideal. It yearns for peace without conflict. So, centered on this line, communism emerges with such contradictory struggle concepts... Communism starts from here, seeing everything as a history of struggle, while religion starts from here, seeing everything as a history of peace. (Speaking while drawing on the board)

The historical fact of struggle has appeared to humanity until now, but the history of peace has not appeared. People think that's how development occurs. However, if you delve deeper, there is peace, love, and freedom. This is the principle. (Speaking while drawing on the board)

Then, today, America represents a religious nation, a Christian nation, but where is the depth of that faith in America? "The depth of Christianity?" America represents the free world and a Christian nation, but where is the depth of its faith? You can't find it. Here, it is individualistic and separatist. Here, it is holistic and integrative. It's different. Originally, this should be established, and then individuals should exist. There should be division. However, it is reversed. This is not bad. It's not nonexistent. This should have been established like this, but since it was established first like this, it will never work. Thus, the eternal world turns into hell. (Pointing to the drawing on the board)

In a family, if a woman and a man enjoy becoming one, and from the standard of becoming one, they should separate and assert individuality. If this is not established at all, if it doesn't represent the whole and asserts individuality, it cannot be recognized by the whole, nor can it be a standard for heaven. Neither can be perfect. If you prioritize individual assertion, both will perish. Both will break. Therefore, the Unification Church pursues the unity of two. You must understand this clearly.

Then why did it become like this? If there is a God, why did He create it like this? Why did it have to be divided like this? This becomes a problem. In this sense, the word 'fall' is incredibly grateful. Because of the fall, it became a history of struggle, and because of the fall, an external history unfolded without an internal history. Therefore, in human history, religion and non-religion emerged. Why? If there is a God, there must be a factory to repair our broken humanity. That is religion. Therefore, the fact that there is religion allows us to say there is a God. Religion is a repair factory.

The Unification Church is a brain religion that repairs broken people.

Even in repair factories, there are partial repair factories and whole repair factories. Some repair only fingers and nails, while others repair bones. And they say, 'This is the best. We are the best.' But fingers are different. The left finger and the right finger are different.

In that sense, a religion that makes only one finger joint cannot say, 'We will last forever.' What is eternal? Once you make it, it's over. That religion ends with that. Then it is absorbed by a higher religion. In this way, a religion that makes arms emerges, then a religion of the body, then a religion of the head, and finally, a brain religion emerges.

In this sense, the Unification Church is not a partial religion. It is not the body, nor just the head. No matter how you look at it, the Unification Church is a brain religion. How is it? "Yes." Because it is a brain religion, only intelligent people can enter the Unification Church. Only smart and knowledgeable people can enter and stay in the Unification Church, while those who don't know come and go. The Unification Church leads the entire universe.

Then can the blood from the toes go to the brain? "Yes." It goes everywhere. Speaking of the Unification Church as blood, it doesn't go only to white people, but also to black people, yellow people, and everywhere. Our Unification Church likes all of that.

So, what kind of religion is the Unification Church? "Brain religion." It's a brain religion. It talks about how the universe works, how God works, things you can't learn or hear elsewhere. If you stay in the Unification Church for just three years, you become very knowledgeable. You naturally become a good speaker wherever you go. It's clear. Nothing escapes the net, the mesh of the Principle. Is it better than Yale, Harvard, or Princeton? "Yes." There is nothing better.

So, how much tuition do you pay? (Laughter) In terms of value, how much should the tuition be? "Very expensive." The reason tuition is not charged is that men and women are loved, and truth is needed, so it is not charged. Do you understand? The truth the teacher speaks of is for concrete love, so because you have true love and need love, tuition cannot be charged. So, do you have such true love? "Yes." What is 'yes'? You only know because I taught you. What do you have? You must strive to have it from now on.

You must complete your portion of responsibility to inherit the creation.

Now, if that's enough, let's organize. Today's topic is 'The Center of Responsibility and Indemnity,' but all the contradictions of this universe and all the misfortunes of history arose because people did not know about the portion of responsibility. You must know this fact. You must understand how important the portion of responsibility is. You are thinking about the portion of responsibility as you please. 'The portion of responsibility is something taught by the Principle, not related to us. We can live as we please.' That's what you think.

In that sense, discovering the word 'portion of responsibility' by Reverend Moon is a great discovery. "Yes." How important did you think the portion of responsibility was? How important did you think it was? The universe is involved in the portion of responsibility. God is not liberated, the universe is not liberated, the gates of hell are not liberated because of this, and all the contradictions of unjust history are struggling within the fence of the portion of responsibility.

Then, if there was no fall, would the portion of responsibility be easy or difficult? "It would be easy." Why is it easy? If you just grow naturally, puberty will come, so it's easy. It comes naturally. It's not difficult. The portion of responsibility became difficult due to wrongful love. Then what is the center of the portion of responsibility? God takes 95% responsibility, and humans take 5% responsibility to inherit God's creation. Then what is the center for inheritance? What is the center? "True love."

Therefore, when you inherit the creation, you have the authority of true love. You must know that you can inherit the strongest true love through the inheritance of creation. You have the authority to inherit it. With true love, there is nothing you cannot do, nothing that cannot be done. You can even love your enemy. You must know this. The power of true love is not fighting, not coercion, but natural surrender. So, there is no stronger power than this. There is no more ideal standard than this, no more peaceful standard than this.

Then, ladies, what do you want to completely surrender to? "True man." Not President Truman of the United States, but true man. (Laughter) True man and true love are the same. True man, true love. There is nothing else. (Laughter) There is no impossibility in true love. Even if you bite, it digests everything. Everything is welcome, everything is absorbed. Without creating even a fake, without creating even an imaginary something, can you say the world is a world of peace?

Then, if it becomes a reality, how amazing is that? An imaginary thing can adjust everyone because it acts. It has automatic power. It is not coercion. It has automatic power. You must know the amazing fact that we are seeking that.

The portion of responsibility is absolutely necessary to receive true love.

The portion of responsibility must not be invaded. If there is no portion of responsibility, love is also violated. Men and women say, 'Can't we just attach to anyone and love?' and all sorts of games unfold. So, the portion of responsibility is necessary. It is the most precious thing to God, so everyone seeks the most precious thing. Therefore, families, nations, and the world are made God's.

In that sense, it is amazing that the Unification Church has spoken of the four-position foundation of the family. It is amazing that you can receive blessings today with the infinite value of the portion of responsibility. It is amazing to know that the path of blessing is the path to reach the original world and to be walking that path.

Therefore, the absolute concept that a man cannot do without a woman and a woman cannot do without a man is completely established centered on the love of the portion of responsibility. It is not about dealing with husband and wife, but about weighing the entire universe, weighing heaven and earth equally with God, and drawing love. That is the principle. How close is the kingdom of heaven to us within that realm of love? How close is God?

Therefore, you can become friends with God. With what? With true love. When you first meet God, even if you put Him in your pocket and take Him out, God does not dislike it. When a man and a woman first meet and kiss and take something out of their pocket, do they dislike it? It's the same. When you take it out and look at it, you like it, so you go 'Uh—.' Even if you blow your nose with a handkerchief and do all sorts of things, you like it. (Making expressions while speaking. Laughter) When you think like that, you must discover how wonderful the world we live in is. You must know that.

Every morning, even if you get hit by the teacher in the front row, you are grateful for true love. (Laughter) That's how it is. 'Oh, Reverend Moon hits people every morning!' Even so, it's good. You should advertise that. (Laughter) Even if you get hit, you like it. That's crazy. Everyone is crazy. (Laughter. Applause) So, how different are we from the world? You must know that. You must have the pride of being an 'I' of infinite value. You must know how much influence one 'I' has. When you give a lecture on the Principle, you probably won't talk much about the greatness of the love enterprise because it's not written in the Principle book.

Therefore, the portion of responsibility is absolutely necessary to receive true love. Do you understand? It is absolutely necessary. There is responsibility in the actions of love. You must know that responsibility follows. You must take responsibility. When you love, you take eternal, unique, and unchanging responsibility. If God were not like that, how could we believe in the God we idealize? God does not change like us.

Then what is it that God establishes a relationship with people? Only true love. If the subject of true love is like that, but the object of true love changes every day, how can you trust and deal with it? How can you deal with it? When you receive blessings, don't you think, 'Oh, why did the teacher match me with such a partner? Why with such a person?' Who was in the Garden of Eden? There were only two. Only two. (Laughter) So, what about a lame person? It can't be helped. However, if you don't love, the ideal of creation will accuse you, God will accuse you, and the entire universe will accuse you. You will go to the bottom of hell. That means there is no greater sin than that. So, you must love more.

The other day, I matched a white beauty with a black ugly man, and if that white beauty loves the black ugly man more than a white handsome man, they will have wonderful children. It is not a horizontal love but a vertical love, vertical love. How is it? "Yes." So, should you complain about a bad partner, or should you love first and then complain? If you love tenfold and complain threefold, it's okay, but if you love threefold and complain tenfold, it's not okay. How precious is that? If a yellow person, a Korean, comes to America, the number one country in the world, and says 'Thank you' even if they are matched as they please, see what kind of revolution occurs. (Applause)

There is no freedom apart from the concept of responsibility.

Due to the portion of responsibility, an infinite wall arose in the fallen world, but is that a good thing or a bad thing? "It's a bad thing." It's bad, but from God's perspective, because of this, there is a wall, and God comes out of this wall. (Speaking while drawing on the board)

Historically, the longest-standing wall is the history of religion, more than human history. You must know that. Even in Satan's world, there are walls, but in the religious world, walls have been built. The walls are built higher and higher, not lower. Satan's world is crumbling, but the religious world is building higher walls. Why? To prevent invasion.

Because of the portion of responsibility, God creates another wall of responsibility within the world of blocked walls to sort it out. What kind of wall is that? It's the opposite. Everything Satan's world likes, don't do it. In this way, two large walls have emerged globally: one is the wall of the democratic world, and the other is the wall of the communist world.

Then which is stricter? "The communist world." The communist world. Then what about the democratic world? It says freedom, freedom, everyone come. Freedom means that anyone can come, and you are confident. When you bring out the idea of freedom, is it to survive in every way, or to be absorbed, die, and perish? "To survive."

Then, Americans, you are doing all sorts of things in the name of freedom, but will you all be eaten by the communists? "Yes." Will you perish? "Yes." When you go to school, do you pass all subjects and receive a diploma in a free position, or do you say, 'I am free, just give me a diploma!' and receive it? Do you think that will work? Is that possible? "No." The concept of freedom exists on the foundation of fulfilling responsibility.

If you become a wife, after taking care of the baby, taking care of the husband, cooking, and then going to the theater, you can do as you please. Can you just let the baby cry without feeding it, not think of the husband, and do as you please? "No." Is that freedom? "No." Is that bad freedom or good freedom? "Bad freedom." There is no freedom apart from the concept of responsibility.

When humans complete their portion of responsibility, all freedom unfolds. The proposition that you can bring about universal freedom for love is passed. In the Unification Church, if Reverend Moon says, 'Do this,' and you don't do it and say, 'Teacher, I won't do it. I will do as I please with the idea of freedom,' it won't work. That is not freedom.

Therefore, you must pass the portion of responsibility. If you are an American citizen, you must fulfill your responsibility to the law and social order of America, a country governed by law, and then you have freedom. Do you understand how important the portion of responsibility is? Unification Church members must know this. You must keep order, value the law, and respect social and moral matters. Those who cannot do this cannot inherit the creation. Therefore, when the Unification Church says, 'Let's go fundraising!' you go fundraising, and when it says, 'Let's go witnessing!' you go witnessing.

Now, having done this, when the world becomes one, who will do the 40-day witnessing?
When one leaves a history that they have accomplished, they feel proud, but if they leave a history that denies that, they naturally feel ashamed. It's only natural. Is that freedom? Is feeling ashamed freedom?  
100   
Is it freedom to be restricted by that? You have to go beyond the rights to be restricted. You have to go beyond feeling ashamed. Do you understand clearly?  
We must be stronger than the communist world and stronger than their ideals. To digest communism, we must be stronger than communism. The strong digest the weak; the weak cannot digest the strong. In America, we must expand strong military readiness. We must be strong. The American people must unite and do this. Through this worldview and historical perspective, we must draw conclusions. Do you understand? We must emphasize that this is what needs to be done.  
Therefore, what the Reagan administration is doing now is what must be done from a position of dealing with communism. The entire free world must cooperate. Any country opposing this is on the side of communism. When I came to America, there were issues with Nixon, Carter, and Reagan. Meanwhile, I had to influence them. That's why I decisively cut off Carter. If the American people had supported Nixon, Vietnam would not have fallen. Nowadays, they think Reverend Moon's claims are correct and will record it in history. If Nixon had been there, Vietnam would not have retreated. If that were the case, I would have ideologically armed the American soldiers through Nixon. Would they have retreated then? No, they wouldn't. They have smeared history.  
No matter the sacrifice, we must fulfill our responsibility.  
Now, we apply all these things to that. We must affirm it and start cleanly. So, do you understand human responsibility clearly?  
"Yes." You must know that there is such responsibility, and even my hair and clothes are being held accountable. You must know that all things accuse and the universe holds you accountable. All humans must know that they bear the cross of responsibility. It's not only Jesus who bears such responsibility. Even Jesus said, "Whoever does not carry their cross and follow me cannot be my disciple," which shows that in terms of human responsibility, not only individuals but also nations, the world, and the entire universe are involved in that responsibility. The bigger it is, the bigger the cross.  
Therefore, the Unification Church must bear a global cross and have the autonomy to digest it to become a global religion. This is a natural conclusion according to heavenly principles. Therefore, Reverend Moon must know that he is walking a lonely path. It's to remove the cross. Without removing it, you cannot go.  
Look. Is it easy to break through the American situation and cultural sphere from the Korean situation and cultural sphere? Don't just look at the present and say it's difficult; you must know how much of a cross was paid behind it. That's why, after the Washington rally, I declared the Moscow rally. How difficult would it be to prepare to go to Moscow? Is it easy to digest the communist world from the free world? Among you, someone who can survive the Moscow rally must go. Are you confident?  
"Yes." You must build a foundation several times stronger than the KGB. You must know how to absolutely obey orders from above. You don't like that, do you?  
"No."  
So, this wall has been expanded to this point without collapsing. So, we must expel Satan here. So, to cross this wall, the command is "Fulfill your responsibility!" (Speaking while writing on the board) When judging Satan, if you say, "You cannot come in without fulfilling your responsibility!" Satan cannot come in. "Did you love Adam and Eve? Did you love God?" It's judging with responsibility. It's the same for the teacher. The teacher, centered on the limits of responsibility... You must know that even in the spirit world, there is a wall of responsibility with God. On the day you handle it here, the wall can collapse and you can enter, but on the day you fail to fulfill your responsibility, you cannot enter. You must have the condition that you have fulfilled your responsibility, no matter the sacrifice. At that point, we need home church. Do you understand? Responsibility is not dead. At any time in this historical process, you must know that a single word or action within any living sphere is tied to the whole.  
Now, do Japanese and Korean people bear responsibility, but Western people don't have to? How is it? "We are advanced countries!" So they don't bear it?  
"No."  
Which is it? It's the opposite, the opposite. You must know that you have to suffer more than Japanese or Korean people. Do you understand what I'm saying?  
"Yes." So, do you dislike doing more than that, or do you like it?  
"I like it." You have no choice, so you answer because you're cornered, right? You don't want to sit cross-legged, but you have no choice but to sit cross-legged on the floor. So, God has no choice but to take all the blessings away from Western society and move them to Asia. That's why Japan is emerging.  
Look. When the sun sets, all the plants' shoots follow the sun. Then, when the sun sets, they know it will return, so they turn around until twelve o'clock. Do you know what's happening with Western civilization now? It's declining. So, all the world's creatures, all beings, must know that they are turning towards the morning. You, Moonies, are also turning towards the morning. When the sun goes this way, if you stand in the opposite direction, they say, "Oh, crazy people!"  
To establish the ideal of love, you must go the indemnity course.  
Now, do you understand what responsibility is?  
"Yes." So, how many times a day have you thought about responsibility? When you eat, responsibility, when you hold a spoon, responsibility, when you wash the spoon and dish, responsibility, even when you go to the toilet, when you defecate, when you urinate, responsibility, you must chant responsibility while walking. Adam and Eve failed because they did not think about responsibility. You will fail if you do not take responsibility. Do you understand? We must not become fallen people who failed to take responsibility like Adam and Eve. To become victorious through restoration,  
103  
we must respect and think about responsibility 24 hours a day.  
Now, from now on, Unification Church members must say this when greeting. With the H of human and the R of responsibility, you must say HR. When you say "HR," it's like saying "Ha!" Ha! That's how history and culture are created. It's the source of all history. From today, if you say "Ha!" when greeting, and they say, "Hey, what's 'Ha'?" you say, "You don't know. Listen to me," and explain. In the morning, "Ha!" in the evening, "Ha!" That's the most convenient. (Laughter) "Ha!" Do you like it?  
"Yes."  
Both the teacher and God like it, and the universe likes it. Do you understand now? So, Unification Church members must not forget the responsibility of the Unification Church. It's important.  
Today is the last day of January and the last Sunday. What's this year's motto?  
"Home church is our settlement." So, did you do that? You must take responsibility. You there, chewing gum! You can't just chew it, you rascal! If you can't do that, don't open your mouth, don't eat, don't sleep. Unification Church members can't say, "That's for Reverend Moon, not for me." Is responsibility good or bad?  
"It's good."  
Without it, both Satan's people and God's people are ultimately the same. There's no boundary. There's no boundary. Human responsibility is God's boundary. Therefore, we must go beyond responsibility.  
When sulfur fire is blazing in Sodom and Gomorrah, crossing that boundary is like crossing a wall. That wall, like a castle wall, like a stone wall, is responsibility. If you cross it, there's no fire. Do you understand?  
"Yes."  
Now you know what the center of responsibility is. What is the center?  
"True love."  
To have true love, you must take responsibility. Because of the fall, responsibility collapsed, so to build it, you must go through the indemnity course. Without that, there's no way to go. You must know this clearly.  
104  
No matter how excellent Bo Hi Pak is, he cannot enter the realm of responsibility without indemnity. Do you understand?  
"Yes."  
The same goes for Reverend Moon. Do you understand? Reverend Moon is an excellent person. If I say I'm excellent, you'll believe it.  
"You are excellent."  
But to go the path of true love through responsibility, you must go through the indemnity course. That's why I've walked a lonely path all my life, been persecuted all my life, and been despised all my life.  
You've been following the Unification Church for a few years, and you're tired, you rascals? If you think of the teacher, how can you say you're tired? Reverend Moon is the same. Even God must go the indemnity course to establish the ideal of love. Why? Because love is not Adam's, not Eve's, not God's, but a joint thing, God must go the indemnity course to find the ideal of love, and humanity must go the indemnity course. It's the same theory. There's nothing different. So, the conclusion is that it's natural for God to suffer and come out while suffering historical pain.  
Then, would you receive the world that God, who has suffered so much, wants to achieve for free, you thieves? I can't do it in good conscience. Everyone must go the indemnity course. It's the path of destiny that must be passed through, centered on individuals, families, tribes, peoples, nations, and the world, to find love. This is an unavoidable conclusion.  
Let's connect responsibility and indemnity and move forward.  
Today, those who've been in the Unification Church for years have forgotten about indemnity restoration. Do you understand indemnity? If you're sick, you must take medicine. Who likes medicine? It's unpleasant, but you can't avoid it. If you don't take it, you must open your mouth and put it in. You must force it in. What do you think? Should we just let them die, or should we open their mouths and shove it in?  
"We must force it in."  
Otherwise, they'll "croak!"  
Now, who likes the word indemnity, raise your hand. Originally, I don't like it either. I don't like it, but I have no choice. I dislike it more than you do. I dislike it more, so I want to get it over with quickly. When humanity is on the same boat, and there's a hole letting water in, and the boat is about to sink, there must be a hero to plug the hole. To plug it, you must be willing to risk your life and think, "I can die first." You must think of going under the boat and plugging the hole with your body. It's the same. History may not know, but the spirit world will know, and God will know. So, it will be recorded in history.  
Such an ideology must be inherited as a good ideology of the good world. Today, in this chaotic and death-filled world, you must know how great a blessing the word indemnity is. The teacher knows from watching the pole vault in the Olympic Games that you must roll well and jump well to become a champion. Knowing that, you jump mercilessly and rise high. You must be merciless to fly up. (Laughter) Our Washington Times started like that. (Applause)  
So, responsibility and indemnity are like the right leg and the left leg, but you've forgotten them. One is the left leg, and one is the right leg, but all Moonies don't know responsibility or indemnity. So, how do you go? How do you go? You can't go like that. You absolutely can't go. There's no progress without going through indemnity. You must know that progress is impossible without connecting responsibility and indemnity restoration. Have you thought about that? You don't like indemnity, do you? Women, you don't like indemnity, do you? You don't like God or the providence, do you?  
"No."  
From today, even if you forget to eat, even if you forget to sleep, even if you forget to think of your loved ones, you must not forget this. You must know it's that serious. Even God cannot go without going through this, Reverend Moon cannot go without going through this, all Unification Church members cannot go without going through this, and the whole world cannot go without going through this. You can't go. You all want to just pass through, right? Can you just become a doctor or professor? You must go through that course to become a doctor. Can you just do it? If you don't go through it, it's fake. Do you understand now?  
"Yes."  
You haven't done it until now, but now that you know, from now on, starting today, those who will think and act more about "Ha!" than sleeping, eating, or loving, raise your hand.  
"Ha!" (Applause)  
107  
The Original World and the World of Enemies  
When you see that title, you think of the two worlds. So, everything is in two. Individuals are two, families are two, tribes, peoples, nations, and the world are divided into two.  
The Reality Divided into the Original World and the World of Enemies Due to the Fall  
What happened due to the fall? Two types of people should have centered on two world forms, but one type of person, centered on one person, connected in two forms, two shapes. We must know this. The original world and the world of enemies are divided into two types. Everything is in two types. Due to the fall, it is said that it became two centered on one. If it's 'me,' then centered on me, it is divided into the original person, the original world, the enemy's person, and the enemy's world. It is said to be centered on one person. Due to the fall, the original world retreated, and the fallen world came in. So far, history, after the fall, is said to be the world of enemies. It is the world of enemies.  
Then, where should we humans, who have deviated from the original world, go now? Should we continue on the path of the fallen world, or should we turn back and return to the original world?  
"We must return to the original world."  
When we see it this way, where is the original individual, where is the original family, where is the original nation, where is the original world, and where is the original ideal? Fallen people have lived without knowing this until now.  
The world of enemies is ruled by Satan, and the original world is ruled by God. That's the problem. Think about it. Then, is Satan first, or is God first?  
"God."  
Then why did it become like this? Why did it result in this? Even if you reason without involving the religious world, you cannot help but involve the term 'fall.' You must know that you cannot help but involve the concept of the fall when you see the results like this. You must not think that only the religious world habitually or conceptually uses the word fall. When you see such a relationship and see the results like this, you must clearly know that you cannot help but involve the concept of the fall.  
The Original Mind of Humans Aims to Remove Evil and Embrace Good  
Now, our original mind always envisions something bigger and better, beyond the current environment. This is something everyone experiences. Therefore, in living in this world, we immediately judge what is right and wrong. So, we always pursue what is right. Good people, bad people, good families, bad families, good nations, bad nations, good worlds, bad worlds, good God, bad gods, they are all divided like this.  
Then, what does our original mind try to embrace? Where does it try to embrace? It tries to remove evil and embrace good. You must know that this is the original mind.  
Then, in the course of history, in the course of historical development, what is the center of distinguishing between good and evil? Try to talk about it.  
What is it? Talk about it. There are many things, like religion, truth, etc. But they don't know religion or truth. You must know this. Society is said to be composed through law. Society is completed through law.  
Now, law is influenced by the specific intentions of the sovereign of that era. Isn't that right? So, nowadays, in the democratic world, what the people decide becomes law. In the past, what the sovereign decided became law, but now what the people decide becomes law.  
Nowadays, even among the people, there are two levels. One level is democracy, and the other level is communism. Among the masses, there are upper and lower classes, and communism is defined for the lower class, and democracy is defined for the upper class. It comes out like this. Looking at it, it comes out as the era of royal law, then the era of upper class law, and the era of lower class law. This corresponds to the stages of king, son, and servant. You must know this. It's like parents, sons, and servants.  
When you look at it this way, you must know which law is right. Which law do we pursue? Do we need the law of the son, the law of the servant, or the law of the parent?  
"The law of the parent."  
What is it, what is it? Do you need the law of the son, the law of the servant, or the law of the parent?  
"The law of the parent."  
You will like the law of the parent. What does liking it mean? Is it what my original mind wants, or is it what the environment wants?  
"The original mind."  
The original mind wants it. What the original mind wants is the law of the parent. It wants that.  
Then, why is royalism destined to perish in world affairs? Why is it destined to disappear? Did it want that itself, or did it not want it but became like that?  
"It did not want it but became like that."  
That's right. It did not want it but changed.  
Then who made it like that? Who did it? Who made it? When you look at it this way, you can see that there was definitely a movement that changed history in the course of royalism, even though it did not want it. You can see that a third force intervened and acted.  
Do people in the democratic world today like communism?  
"No."  
Then why did communism come out? Why did communism come out? Why did it emerge? America and the democratic world want to hold on to democracy, but communism keeps infiltrating. So, it is said to be changing. When you look inside communist countries, how is the communist system? It is also changing.  
The Judgment of Good and Evil is Done by Conscience  
Then what kind of world will come in the future? That's the problem. Here, we must conclude what ideology I want.  
"Godism."  
"Heavenly system."  
The heavenly system is far, but it is said that the original system is what the mind likes. It is said that the original mind wants the system that the mind likes.  
When you think of the original mind, there is a parent. But since it is a fallen world now, it is said that even parentism, brotherism, and servantism are evil. It is said to be Satanism. It is said to be Satanism. It is said that when changing it from the Satanic world, it cannot be changed all at once, so it is said to break one, break one, and go around.  
Now is the era of democracy and communism. The era of imperialism has passed, and now it is said that the human mind is struggling in the system of the democratic world and the communist world.  
Until now, society has been measured by law. Then, in a world without law, what is the center of measurement? What can be the center of measurement outside of law? What is the center of measuring good and bad?  
111  
The law is different in each country. It is different in each country. If there are many countries, the law is different in each country. Everything is complicated and has various forms. When you look at it this way, you cannot trust anyone. You don't know which is true.  
When you look at this world, you can conclude that if there is a right law, it is only the law of our conscience. Therefore, you judge good and bad by asking, "Is that conscientious? Are you conscientious?" It is said to be more conscientious than legal. When you ask, "Is it legal?" you don't say that, but you ask, "Is it conscientious?"  
"Yes."  
When you look at it, asking if it is conscientious means that it implicitly acknowledges that it can deny all the laws of this world. You must know this fact.  
When you look at it this way, it is said that a conscientious person cannot be governed by the laws of this world, and a conscientious person governs the laws of this world. Such an order is said to unfold. It is said that the law cannot govern a conscientious person. It is said that a conscientious person governs the law. Is that so?  
"Yes."  
We must organize the history of the world. It is said that it must be organized.  
The Original Conscience of Humans is to Harmonize and Achieve Unity  
Then, how do you know if that conscience is original or false? What is the original? What is the original? Even if it is said to be original, it is not said that it all becomes original at once. If it is a grandfather, it is said that the original is connected by continuing the grandfather's generation.  
When you talk about a tree, what is the original? What is the original of a tree?  
"Seed."  
It is said to be a seed. (Speaking while writing on the board) It is said that the seed is always in two parts. The embryo is also said to be like that. (Speaking while writing on the board) It is said that everything is like that. Think about whether it is like that or not.  
It is said that this is the original in two parts. Even in the seed, it is said. However, if this seed is original, it is said that the original of this seed is in the embryo. It is said that there is something that these two are united.  
You are the same. If it is a woman, one cell of the mother and father's
It starts with a seed. When it grows big, it needs two sides. It needs a man and a woman. The universe is the same. The big universe, the bigger universe, needs two sides. That's how it is.

When you look at it this way, life uses an embryo as food, and this embryo uses it as food, and this uses it as food. (Pointing to what he wrote on the board) Didn't you eat that in your mother's womb? (Laughter) After coming out of your mother's body, now in this world, men and women are eating each other. Isn't that right? Then, when we go to the spirit world, what do we eat to live? We live by eating God. It's the same. (Laughter) So, from the principle's perspective, this is one stage, two stages, three stages. That's how it is.

Then, is dying really dying, or is it being reborn? "It's being reborn." Being reborn to eat what? "God's love." Then what is God's love? It governs everything and becomes the center of the whole. We live by eating this. Then do you want to go to that world or not? "I want to go." Does that mean you want to die quickly? "No." (Laughter)

Talking about this... But because today's topic is about two worlds, you need to know this. What is the original? Where does the original go? The original enters the world from the big spirit world, enters the family, enters the mother and father, and I was born.

Then, micro particles, very small particles, the mother's particle and the father's particle, if the mother's particle says, "Let's do it my way," would that work? If the father says, "Let's do it the man's way," and the mother says, "Let's do it the woman's way," would that work? What would happen then? How?

From the beginning, did humans start with a concept of struggle like today's communism, or with a concept of fusion? Which is it? "It started with a concept of fusion." In terms of electricity, do plus and minus fight? "No." Then how would it be? If it's 'no,' what is it? "It's from harmony." It started from harmony and fusion. So, through the love of mom and dad, I was harmonized and fused, and I was born. You can't deny that. When you look at it this way, we can see that the foundation of the universe, the original nature, started from content that is harmonious and fusible.

What does the original mind desire? What does it want? Does it want struggle and separation? Does it want to serve itself? "No." You need to know that. What the original mind wants is to become one, cooperate, and unify with each other. That's how it started. You need to know that the foundation of the original mind is made that way. Do you understand?

What is the spiritual original mind? That's the issue. "Unity and harmony." Yes. It's about unifying, harmonizing, and cooperating. So, where does the original mind want to go? It wants to find unity, harmonize, and seek cooperation. The stage on which the original mind travels is only that.

Then, is the logic of communism, like dialectics, correct? Does the original mind connect, or not? "It doesn't connect."

So, what about you? Do you want to go to a place of struggle or a place of harmony? "A place of harmony." Without a doubt, you want to go to a place of cooperation and unity. If someone says, "That's a lie. Mr. Park, that's a lie," what would you do? Even if it's said to be false, the original mind says, "That's true." You have that, don't you? "Yes."

So, what is the original world? From this perspective, everything is harmonious, unified, and cooperative in this universe. Since the essence is planted like that, since that is the seed, it is theoretical to say that it should become such a tree, such branches, and such leaves. It's automatic. If there is a concept of struggle or something here, where would this seed go? When it tries to absorb all the elements of the earth, if there is a concept of struggle here, what would happen? Is the concept of harmony first, or is the concept of struggle first? (Laughter) So, what is the original concept? It's automatically trying to harmonize.

So, you say, "You little seed! You were so small, but you exploited me and grew so big. You rascal! You tree!" Right? "No." "Oh, it's good. It's good." (Laughter) At that time, you shouldn't say, "How miserable it is," but "How happy it is." You shouldn't say, "How miserable it is."

Why do you bring out your conscience? Because the original conscience is made to follow the original law. You need to acknowledge that. So, it means there is something to follow the path of the original law. Look. Then, does the original mind want to take the shortest, closest path to follow the original law, or the longest path? "The closest path." When you go to meet someone you love, do you want to take a detour or go the short way? "The short way." That's right. So, you now know that the law of conscience is better than the law of the world. If I keep talking like this, time will pass quickly.

So, you don't need American law. You don't need German law when you go to Germany. You don't need British law when you go to England. If you live by following the law of your heart, you'll be welcomed in Germany, welcomed in England, welcomed in America, and welcomed anywhere in the world. Isn't that wonderful? So, you call a person a conscientious person. You discern right and wrong centered on conscience.

The origin of human existence is love.

Then, where is the path that this conscience most wants to go? "God." What is the path that the conscience likes the most, the path it wants to go the most after being born? "Harmony." Yes, harmony, but what is the harmony centered on? What do you center harmony on? "Love." That's well said. It's love.

When you were first born, when your mother's egg and your father's sperm combined, what did they center on? How did they harmonize? "Love." What is it? "Love." Is it love or like? "Love." What is the very first thing? "Love." You now know that love is the origin, even before life. You need to know this. Is love first, or is life first? "Love!" Are you sure? "Yes!" I don't know. (Laughter) I just found out now. (Laughter) When you ask people in the world today, they don't know. Even in philosophy, they don't know whether life or love comes first. They say, "Life comes first, love comes later."

So, which came first, the chicken or the egg? (Laughter) "The egg." How do you know that? Because the original is love, we need to know that what is closer to love comes first. Do you understand? "Yes." Then, which came first, the chicken or the egg? "The egg." It's not the chicken; it's the egg. (Laughter) Do you understand? The chicken comes from the egg. Doesn't the chicken come from the egg? So, it starts from the egg. Do you understand? "Yes." Even if you learn just this in the morning, it might be better than listening to a sermon or other words. (Laughter) So, let's stop here. I'm busy. "No." Are you making a fuss because you paid tuition? I'm speaking from the original law. (Applause)

When it comes to this, all logic unfolds.

Where should we go? This is a simple statement, but it organizes everything in the world. So, where does the conscience go directly? How does the conscience go? "Straight." What is the straight path? Is the path to earn money the straight path because the conscience needs money? If the conscience says, "Study. Studying is the straight path," is that the straight path? If the conscience says, "Gain power," is that the straight path? If it says, "Live," is that the straight path? "No." Then what is it? "Love." It's love. It's love.

Then, where does the conscience go? Where does this conscience go? Day or night, 24 hours, 365 days, whether one year old or two years old, a thousand years old or ten thousand years old, it goes on the path of love forever. Is that a lie? "No." I don't know. Is that the true path? "Yes." I understand. (Laughter)

Therefore, when you look at the law, there is the law of the world's nations, the law of conscience, and then there is love, so you need to know that there is a law of love on the path of love. You need to know that there is a law in love. So, you need to know that there is an original love. If there is original love, there is an original love law. Isn't that right? Isn't that right?

We are seeking the original true person centered on original love.

Then, where is the original love law? What is the original love law necessary for? It is a law needed where love resides. It is a law needed where love is. So, where is the place where love is? It is in our home. It is in our home. It is in our country. It is in our world. It is in our ideal universe, in God.

Then, when you say someone is a conscientious person, is it better to say they are a true person centered on the law of conscience, or is it better to say they are a true person through the law of love? Which do you prefer? "Through the law of love." Do you have that love? Do you have love? "Yes." Do you have a conscience? "Yes." Where is it, where is it? "In our hearts." Then, did your heart just drop out, or did it come from a connection? "It came from a connection." So, it's not independent. You need to know that I exist through the environment.

Where is the original mind? It is at the center of the original world. Isn't that wonderful? Do you want to be at the center of the original world, or do you want to be on the side, not at the center? What about your mind? "I want to be at the center."

From that perspective, what is individualism? It means that according to one's personality, one is the best. When you say center in the original environment, it means that you are in the position of representing the whole environment, so the concept of "I am the most precious" is established. Without being the highest central existence, you do not have the qualification to face the love that can govern the universe and promote all the movements in the universe. Original love is the central power that can govern the universe. For example, because this cell is complete, it can always absorb all the blood circulating in my body and always receive whatever it needs. Do you understand? Because there is a concept of a privileged self, you need to know that I can dominate the privileged central power of love standing at the center of the universe.

So, let's conclude. When you look at this world, there are the imperial era, the royal era, the parental kingdom era, and now the democratic children's era, the communist servant era. All of these are fake worlds when you see that they are not governed centered on the law of love. You can draw such a conclusion.

Then, if the original mind created the original world, there must be an original person. Then, where is the original person? When you say "person," it includes both women and men. Isn't that the meaning? Therefore, today's history is undoubtedly a satanic world, so the conclusion is that we are seeking the original person in this world. So, today, all the people of the world, the 4 billion people, are looking for a leader who can guide the true world and guide heaven and earth.

Then, how does the original leader come? It comes by overcoming the individual, family, tribe, nation, and world of the fallen world. (Speaking while writing on the board) So, what kind of person is the original person? What kind of person is the original person? You want to know that, right? What kind of person is it? "True man." It's a true man, but what kind of person is that true man? What is the definition of a true person? "A person who loves completely." It's simple. What is that complete love? What kind of person is that? "True Parents." It's simple. That's it.

What kind of being is God? God is the representative of the true person. Isn't that right? But more than that, what kind of being is God? "A being who can love all people." You need to know that. You need to know that God is a being who has the ability to love all beings. To summarize simply, God loves everything big and small. God can include both small and big things. Everything is included. Do you understand? That's a fact. You need to organize that. You need to organize that in your mind. Then it becomes rational, your mind becomes rational. If you don't organize it, confusion arises. All the beings in the world, big and small, are included. The concept of big and small is included. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, God is a being who has the ability to love everything from big to small.

The blood in our bodies can go anywhere, to the head, to all the cells. Why is your blood so red? Wouldn't it be nice if the blood were white? Think about it. White symbolizes coldness. When you think of white, you think of cold things. (Laughter) You know, there's the Washington Redskins in the Washington Super Bowl. What is a redskin? White people are cold-hearted. But Indians are emotional. (Laughter) White people are ruthless, so they are analytical and keep cutting things off. That's why they brought about the civilization of science. Indians are primitive, primitive. How uncivilized they are! But instead, their hearts, their emotions are emotional.

When you look at it this way, today there are the white world and the communist party, and the communist party is known by Satan to be all red. Have you thought about what to symbolize the light of love with? "Red." It's red. It's hot. Then, is there anything hot in the communist world? It's a lie, a lie.

If I keep talking like this, too much time will pass, so I should stop. I think you understand now.

Unificationists should bear the fruit of love centered on original love.

Which world do we want to live in, centered on which law? I talked about the world of such laws, the world of conscience law, and the world of love law. Where do you want to go? That's the issue.

As I said earlier, everything starts from a seed, whether it's a chicken or whatever, but no matter how much it spreads, it eventually returns to the seed. And what did we humans start with? We started with love. So, we must return as the fruit of love. It's the same.

So, what is the phenomenon of returning to the seed through the branches and leaves in a framework called society? This is what we call a couple. You need to know this. That's right. Does it seem like that? Then, when did you bloom? That's puberty. Your face turns rosy. (Laughter) You silently search for fragrance, for first love. Did you have such a time? "Yes." You smell it. Men smell like men, and women smell like women. You search everywhere every day.

When fragrance is at its peak and the flower is in full bloom, the pistil and stamen meet. What is that? It's the love of flowers. (Laughter) They combine and become a seed. It's the same.

Therefore, at that time, it's a dangerous time for both women and men. When the pistil and stamen meet, they just fit together. They meet. Then you can receive a bad seed, a bad seed. The ideal is for a purebred pistil and a purebred stamen to meet. What is pure is the "original mind, original person," the original thing. So, they meet, and from there, a seed is formed, a seed. So, for a year, for a lifetime, they grow centered on that and return to the seed.

Can you detach the seed you combined? "No." A person who has abandoned their first love's husband always measures centered on that husband's love. Why is that? Why? Because it's original love. A divorced person is a person who destroys nature. They destroy the law of natural love. Where can they be forgiven? Where can they be forgiven? The law of conscience doesn't allow it, and the law of love doesn't have a forgiveness law. A person irresponsible for love must go to the hell of hells. Therefore, the conclusion is that there is no greater sin than destroying the law of love. They go to the highest hell of hells.

Then, what is the greatest enemy for humans? What is the greatest enemy for God? What is the greatest enemy in this nature and original world? The greatest enemy was the violation of the law of love. This is theoretically concluded.

When you look at it this way, how are Americans? Are they good or anxious? "Anxious." Is America heaven or hell? "Hell." (Laughter) That's not what Reverend Moon said. I'm listening to what you answered. What is America? "Hell." Is America a good country or a bad country? "A bad country." Bad things and evil things perish. They perish. The conclusion is that they perish.

If America perishes, you perish, you perish. You must think that if you perish, I perish. You must not think that America is different from me. What are the Moonies in America? What are the Moonies doing? "They are good." Then, if they are good, how good are they? "They are a good tribe." What is a good tribe, a tribe? Are the Moonies a good tribe? "Yes."

Now you know. This is important. Why is it so important? Because the seed of life, life started from love, so it must return to love. If it violates that principle, there is no way to return, so it becomes waste. It becomes human garbage.

Love must exist for ideals to emerge.

When you think like this, you women, you try to look good by putting on makeup and walking down 5th Avenue, wanting to seduce a good man, right? You want to flirt and wander around. Men might want to do that too. Then why do our Moonies dislike such things? Those who like what can lead to ruin are those who like it, and those who walk the path of prosperity are the opposite. That's why we dislike it.

Sometimes, when you dislike your husband or wife, think of the dog following you. Start with the puppy. (Laughter) That's where it starts. If you keep a puppy in your room at night, it follows you every day. That's how affection grows, affection grows. That's how it is. Your mind is made that way. (Laughter) The original mind is like that. The original mind is made that way. (Laughter) You want to touch it once. Look at one thing, one thing. When you look at its eyes, it seems like it's blinking only at you. (Laughter) And it resembles you. Everything resembles me. So, you love it and are happy.

It's the same for you, the same. You and I resemble each other, but we are different. When you hear the sound, one goes woof woof, and the other goes meow meow. It's relative. (Laughter) Women don't like men who are like women. They like men who are like men. Beautiful women don't like to live with beautiful men. How would it feel to live with a beautiful man who has hands like a woman's, a nose like a woman's, and no beard? How would it feel? (Laughter) Wouldn't it be unpleasant if he had small hands like a woman's, wore rings, and had earrings? Think about it. Even when eating, women do it like this.... (Imitating) So, it's relative. Men eat with a woof woof. It's relative. (Laughter) Look at Mother. She's different. She's quiet and small. (Laughter) Mother thinks about this and that and considers time. (Laughter)

In a war, do you want a husband who is like a woman? When the world is turned upside down, how can you live with a man who fusses over everything? Whether it's a fork or a spoon, you have to eat like this.... (Acting) Women don't want a man who says, "Since there's a war, I'll eat and put on makeup." "No." It's different. So, when you see that, it's different from me.

Mother doesn't like cats. I've been raising cats lately.... They're cute. So, she says they're cute now. That's natural. So, even if you can't love, can't you be better than a puppy? Even when you say, "Honey," and she says, "Yes," does a cat answer when you say, "Honey, honey"? (Laughter)

Women, recite poetry. Men, think about it. Literature, novels, when you talk about them, don't they listen well? When a wife talks about her husband, doesn't he listen well to interesting stories? Some people have stress, so they get excited and go wow wow wow. That's how it is. (Laughter) It's necessary. Women also become sentimental once a month due to physiological reasons. When they get irritated, if you understand that it's time for them to get irritated, how nice is that? If there's no husband to accept it, how unpleasant would it be to get irritated alone? When a pretty woman gets irritated, a man should say, "I understand you well," instead of being like a parrot. (Laughter)
Why do you play that game? That's the kind of ideal type I am. Otherwise, there is no ideal. That's why ideals emerge when love is planted. You must plant love for ideals to emerge. You must know that there are no ideals before planting love.

A man's love enters a woman and becomes a seed that grows. Then, there comes a time when men realize, "Ah, it has grown like this." The period may be long or short, but they will surely know. At that time, they say, "I am in you, and you are in me." Where is the concept of "love me" without planting love? Love is about giving. It's about giving and receiving. Since everything is born from mutual love and giving and receiving, love cannot exist without a foundation for giving and receiving.

People are born through true love and are destined to walk the path of love. Look around you. When you look at your parents closely, they have flaws. There are flaws in both the father and the mother. Yet, they live together. They become one through love and live by enduring. Then, when you look at your brother and sister-in-law, they live together even if they don't match. When you look at people around you, centered on your family, you might think, "If it were me, I would have left," but they live together. Even the least attractive and least compatible person in your family lives well. That's how it is when you compare.

The most ideal couple and the opposite couple live happily because of love. You must know that it's not about living happily with a handsome man or a beautiful woman. It's about living with love. It's about living happily with love. The depth of love between a couple determines the value that can surpass any handsome man or qualified person. It's because of love.

Now, hating or disliking someone is something only Satan can do. God does not intend to dislike people but to like them. Nature also intends to like people. It intends to like the original, conscientious person.

So, what kind of being is God? God intends to love greatly from small things. That means God loves the best from the worst. That's what it means. Even if someone is utterly lacking and seems like a fool before God, God does not say, "Get rid of that." Instead, God embraces them with a heart of love.

Ladies who dislike their husbands and men who dislike their wives must listen carefully. You must understand that being born as a man or a woman is for true reciprocal love. Ladies, can you find true love without a man? American women, how about it? "No." Is true love a one-night affair? "No." Nowadays, people divorce every day. According to marriage statistics, 50% end in divorce. Is that true love? "No." You must know that. You must deal with it by nature.

That's why you are born to receive true love. The tradition of love is born that way, grows that way... You must know that. You must know that your husband and wife were born because their parents had true love. You must know that your husband and wife, that man and woman, were raised with true love by their parents.

To inherit such a man and woman, you must have the concept of loving more than the love of their parents. You must understand the definition of husband and wife.

However, the concept of a couple and marriage is not viewed from that perspective but from a self-centered perspective. If you dislike your husband, you must look at him with good eyes. You are the bad one. You see him negatively because you are bad. It's not that your husband is bad. You must know that you are bad. You are the bad one. It's not your husband who is bad. After you get angry and fight with your husband, go to the mirror and look at your face. (Laughter) Then you'll think, "Oh, I'm grateful my husband didn't throw me away." So women always carry a mirror in their bags. Do you carry a mirror in your bag? (Laughter)

When you laugh, it's more attractive than when a man laughs. Men laugh all at once, but women smile like this. (Laughter) Men laugh "Ha!" Women should laugh like that. Then their faces turn rosy. That's very stylish. Men are captivated by that face. A single smile is more effective than a thousand words.

Men prefer a woman who is humble, gentle, and smiles over one who talks a lot. You must know that. Women should not rush when something happens. Women should smile and bow their heads. (Laughter) Why should it be like that? Because heavenly love should be like that.

When a swimming body is reflected in the water... Do you prefer the pose of a swimming woman or a swimming man? "The woman's pose." (Laughter) The woman's pose is better. Swimming should be streamlined. (Imitating swimming. Laughter) Oh, time has passed. Two hours have passed.

So, what is the center? What is the center? It's simple. What law are we following? "The law of love." Have you decided? Have you decided in your heart, or will you decide now? "We have decided." Then, since it's decided, the love until now was unlawful. It means you haven't lived like that or known it until now. If so, you must admit that you were unlawful until now. What are you? What are you regarding the law of love? "Unlawful." Is that true? "Yes." Are you sure? "Yes." So, you must follow the law of love. You must follow it to become like that. You must know that.

The original world is a world of love.

So, today's title is "The Original World and the World of Enemies." What is the difference between the two worlds? The original world is built around the law of love, extending from the individual to the family, tribe, people, nation, world, spirit world, and God. The seed goes to God. There is no way to go without going through this. How about you? Think about it. What is it? "Original love." What about original love? The original world is a world of love. We want to live in a world of love. Why? Because of love. I was born because of love, I live because of love, I eat because of love, and I die because of a higher dimension of love. How wonderful is that?

Do you dislike dying? "I dislike it." If you dislike it, when will you say yes? Think about it. So, when will you say "yes"? It's simple. If a woman loves her husband deeply, and a man loves his wife deeply, it's simple. It works. It's simple. It's the simplest thing. In such a place, if I truly love and say, "Universe! Cosmos! God! I love the world, the universe, and God like I love my husband. How about it?" Then the echo will return, "Yes, yes, yes," echoing through the universe. The echo resonates through the universe. How wonderful is a wife seeking such a thing? How wonderful is a husband seeking such a thing? Without this, it's a big problem. How important is it? How grateful is it? How important is it?

When parents say, "I loved my children with true love, and with that love, I loved the universe and God," the echo will fill the universe with "Yes." And when children say, "I loved my mother as she loved me, and I loved my parents as I love my wife," the echo will resonate with "Yes." Then, whenever you die, there will be a path. That's why men and women long for each other day and night, 24 hours a day, because they cannot be without each other. Parents and children feel the same way. They say, "Our parents are like God, our husband is like God, and our son is like Jesus." Then it works.

What makes it so? Does power make it? Does money make it? Does knowledge make it? "No." Love makes it. Love makes it. How about it? Do you think so? "Yes." Would you like to live like that? "Yes."

If so, where does the cell living in this small fence go? It goes from here to the vast universe. Recently, it was said that it takes hundreds of billions of light-years to reach the universe, but what makes it possible to go to the vast universe that takes hundreds of billions of light-years? Only the power of love makes you want to go and can encompass and surpass it. When you love your partner, you want to take them anywhere. You want to go anywhere. Are you worried about food or clothing? Think about it. There, you don't need clothes or food. You do as you please. While others live like that, would you be happy to go to hell and be left behind because you couldn't live like that?

So, if someone says, "Let's exchange the love between us for this universe," you say, "No!" You say no. Do you understand? How wonderful is that love? (Applause) So, dream of such love and have such love, Washington Tom? "I am trying." You, haven't you compared how different Americans and Koreans are? Love transcends the ability to compare, but haven't you been doing that? (Laughter) How about it? Love embraces everything and communicates with everything. Is that so? "I am trying." (Laughter) Then when, when will it happen? When will it be complete? (Laughter)

When you go to the spirit world and live in such a world, how wonderful would it be to live transcending color and in a super-worldly way? Which star would you like to live on? If a couple says, "Let's travel to the last star of hundreds of billions of light-years and come back," "Yes, let's," how about it? (Laughter) Think about it. How wonderful is the idealist God? Think about how wonderfully God has prepared and is waiting for us.

When I went to England, they said there was a diamond with 517 carats. They boast about it to the world, but what is 517 carats? There will be diamond stars. (Laughter) Do you think there aren't any? "No." There will be gold stars and all kinds of jewel stars. When I see women wearing and boasting about those, I think lightly, "Oh, I can make all of that." That's why I don't wear anything on my fingers. I don't wear anything. It's for love, for love.

Without achieving that love, you cannot inherit that world. Do you understand? You can't say to me later, "Oh, teacher! Why didn't you teach us this?" What I'm saying here is for the world, for you, through thousands of years of history. Think about how serious it is. While talking about such things, you sleep with your mouth open, saying, "It's been three hours, oh my." You sleep while talking about the philosophy of love. Then you must go to hell, hell. The person sleeping next to you didn't wake up. (Laughter) That's because God is calling for love, but you sleep. God is calling for love, but you sleep. Original love is coming, but you sleep. The eyes of the universe are bright, and even at midnight, they don't sleep. They should be pulling you in to swallow and push you into sleep... Are you like that?

Raise your hand if you have a spouse here. Even if not all couples here become like that, at least one couple should remain. Raise your hand if you want to be that one couple. Wow. Wonderful! (Laughter) Now you know.

Everything communicates and is completed within love.

Today's title is about love, but what about enemies? This should have been discussed earlier, but it's already been two hours. If time is late, I should go to the mother and say, "I'm sorry for being late," but it's a big problem. At that time, the mother will say, "The branch leaders and main leaders came and talked about love, so it's okay," right? How wonderful is that? (Laughter. Applause) The mother is concerned about how tired I must be. Since I'm over 60, I'm tired. I don't know it's too much and still act like a young person, so she's worried. The mother's concern is a heart of love. So, usually, it's 5 hours to 4 hours and 30 minutes, 4 hours and 30 minutes to 4 hours, then 3 hours and 30 minutes, then 3 hours, then 2 hours and 30 minutes, 2 hours, then 1 hour and 30 minutes. 1 hour, then 30 minutes, then... (Writing on the board. Laughter) I want the talking time to get shorter like this. (Laughter. Applause) Oh, I feel the same. It would be nice not to talk. But why do it? You must get a diploma, right? I must get it too. (Laughter) So, after writing the answers to the test questions well, you must stop. You must do it all like that.

So, after all, love is the best. The hand of love is short but connects to the ends of the earth. The heart of love communicates everywhere. It communicates everywhere, in the human world, the animal world, and everywhere. There is love there. There is love. If the arrow of love pierces everything, would it feel good or bad? Think about whether you would like it if the arrow of love pierced everything.

So, what about God? What about God? Since we are made in God's image, God is the same. I am the same.

When you pray, "God, I must study hard. Please give me knowledge," God is not interested. "Oh, give me money," God is not interested. "God! I want to love. Please give me love," then, "What will you do with love?" "I will buy everything," "Even who?" "Even God," then, "Oh, that's what I want," God says.

So, with that love, "God! To shine that love more, I need money. I have nothing to show, so I need money. Oh, I need knowledge. I need to recite poetry and read literary works. I need literature. To give the best to the person I love the most, I need power," then everything will be allowed. If you pray like that, God will say, "It's already prepared in the world before you prayed." God answers that everything is prepared. So, there is no need to pray. Love is enough. Religion is for that, all ideologies are for that, and doctrines want that, so everything is completed in love.

Today, our fundraising teams couldn't pray once and ran around for 24 hours, saying they would save the world and lessen the suffering of their beloved father, running here and there. That's how it works. That's how it works. If you pray for hours and deceive others, exploiting them, what does it achieve? Every person dying on this planet is a brother, a brother. The people of the world are brothers. They are your sons. Saving them, loving them more than your children, is the heart of God, and following that path, despite your family's difficulties and all circumstances, is what God loves.

Would you just watch as all American families are bound to go to hell? Would you just watch? If someone is sick and dying, and there is no doctor and the hospital is locked, you must break the glass of the door, bring medicine, and give it to them. Even if you are treated as a thief, if you save them, you cannot be treated as a thief. The living person testifies, "This is my lifesaver, my savior." So, everything communicates centered on love.

If you are driving to save the world and have an accident that kills someone, how will it be judged by heavenly law? If it was done through the principle of loving the world... If that's the truth, who in America, who among the Indians or undeveloped primitive people, will protest? They cannot. Do you understand? For greater love, small sacrifices are automatically treated as principles. You must know that. Do you understand? "Yes."

Sacrificing Unification Church members leads to a path of greater love.

Since I'm here, I'm the responsible person, right? No doubt? "Yes." No, no? "Yes." All Americans say yes! All people of the world say yes! Also, the universe, God says yes! What about Satan in hell? "He says 'yes.'" But they say, "Reverend Moon, what are you making a fuss about? Why are you making a fuss? Why are you making a fuss?" When you look at the newspapers, they describe me as a controversial Korean, a businessman, a gospel preacher. (Laughter) "Why are you making a fuss? Why are you making a fuss? Why is Reverend Moon making a fuss?" Judaism opposes, Christianity opposes, America, the democratic world opposes, communism opposes, there is no country that doesn't oppose. They all oppose and make a fuss. (Laughter) Then they say, "How will you survive? You scoundrel, how will you survive? How will you do it alone?" That's what they say.

In such a situation, what should Reverend Moon do? "You are right. I will retreat," but why don't I say I will retreat and hold on and make a fuss? The more severe the opposition, the more I want to make it harder and more difficult for Unification Church members. Hey! Even if I bring them home, scold them, and make them work, they don't run away. Why don't they run away? That's what's strange. That's why they say they are crazy people. (Laughter) Why do Unification Church members like Reverend Moon so much? What is there to like? What is there? Is there money? Do you have a house to run away to in America? (Laughter) What is there? What do you like, what? Why don't you run away? Why don't you run away? "Because of love." Even when laughing, even when sleeping, it's about love. Do you like love too? "Yes." Even sleeping spirits say "yes" when asked, "Do you like love?" (Laughter)

Look. So, for the love of this world, this universe, it's okay to sacrifice you a little. Just like it's not a sin if you accidentally kill someone while driving to save the world, it's the same. A few of you dying or whatever is not a problem. Dying for greater love, going for universal love is the true form. Do you understand? "Yes." Even if you don't do it willingly and are forced, it works.

Here, the Reiner couple came. Elizabeth, who is it? "Barbara." Yes, Barbara. "I want to stay in Germany, I'm living well, why are you pulling me out?" They came without knowing where they were going. Where are they going? The issue is to drive them to a path of greater love. That's what it means. Go to a path of greater love. Is there any objection? "No." The universe welcomes it, and the cosmos welcomes it. "Do more, do more," is that good? Do more, do more! Everyone should do more. Do you like "do more"? "Yes."

It is for love itself, for higher love. It is to give love that no one can take away. It is to make even Satan run away. If Satan is there, he will immediately complain and make a fuss.

Now, do you think God loves Reverend Moon or hates him? "Loves." Do you know that? "Yes." So, more than me? I don't think God loves me. Everywhere I go, it's persecution, persecution. It's prison. It's legal battles. I thought America would be good, but when I came to America, God promised it would be good. But what is good? It's legal battles and prison. (Laughter) The flower of love blooms in hell. The flower blooms in hell. Do you understand? (Applause) That's how Satan retreats.

How about it? How long have you believed in the Unification Church? How long have you been here? How complete are you? "I graduated from the seminary and became a main leader. I shouldn't go out and evangelize or fundraise. Sitting and lecturing is my responsibility." Is that love? "No." You must know that the mother came to this position as a servant. You must know that she took responsibility for the dirtiest and most disliked things. From this perspective, you will know who the real leaders and fake leaders are.

Then, raise your hand if you think, "I am a good leader." Then, after hearing today's words, raise your hand if you think, "I am a bad leader." What's this? You should do it like this, to be forgiven. (Demonstrating. Laughter) You are definitely bad leaders. These bad leaders don't like being treated as bad leaders. Right? You said with your mouth, "We are bad leaders."

You must have a revolution. You must have a revolution. Those who have reached the top must go to the bottom. You must go to the bottom and rise. You must go higher. You must go higher. You must go further. You must go further. Then it will work. What must you do now? You must all go down from here. You must know that you must have a revolution.

What kind of revolution is that? It's a revolution of love. Do you welcome it? "Yes." Raise your hand if you welcome it. Good. If there is a wife who dislikes it, if she dislikes it, you can throw her away. (Laughter) If the husband opposes it, throw him away. Then, for about ten years...
Find the husband who abandoned the car. When you go out to look for him, if he is still waiting, then live together. (Laughter) After the wife gets married, she engages in missionary work for the whole. Is that thought wrong? 'That's Reverend Moon's way, not the American way,' right? What I'm talking about is the way of love, the way of Reverend Moon. 'Reverend Moon? Oh, I don't like Reverend Moon,' but there's nothing you can do about it.

Yesterday, the Florida team and the Washington team played a Super Bowl game, and their defense was really impressive. There's no forgiveness there; they just charge in. That Redskins (Indians) number 44, number 44. Like Reagan. (Laughter) Number 44, wow! He's wearing a good number. And who else is there, number 7? "Quarterback" is number 7. 'Wow! That's the best number, the number I like, so they will definitely win,' I thought. (Cheers. Applause) That's how it is in America. The number 7, this year marks the 207th year of American history. That's how it is. So from 1976, 77, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82, to 83, it takes 7 full years. Add 200 years to that. (Laughter) When you look at this, the number 4 is the spiritual number of heaven, and all those who wore the number 4 broke through. And number 7 jumps, you see. Because it uses both earthly and heavenly numbers, it uses the numbers of heaven and earth. Number 7 flies, it flies. (Cheers. Applause)

Reverend Moon of the Unification Church and the Washington Times have made good things happen in Washington and America, centered on that heat of Washington. (Cheers. Applause) The most unpleasant thing is the Washington Post. (Laughter) Number 44 is Reagan, but doesn't Reagan and Reagan connect? Isn't that right? Now, because of Reagan, people all over the country are saying 'Reagan! Reagan!' This is entirely because of the Unification Church's Washington Times.

That's why you should think from that perspective. To protect this universe centered on love, you must willingly endure any sacrifice. Sacrifices do not lose their value. You will be rewarded in the eternal world. Small sacrifices are not an issue. To achieve victory as a standard, those are not problems. When you achieve victory, all those problems are resolved.

That's why God endured the massacre of countless Christians. When victory is achieved, a day of glory many hundreds of times greater comes to them and before the world, which is why God endured such things. Do you understand? Jesus also knew this as he bore the cross. Because he knew this, he walked that path. There is a wonderful content there. To save the world, he sacrificed himself.

Earlier, I said that you might not know if God loves Reverend Moon. It's the same for you and me. But after walking that path and passing through it, I realized that God protected everything and resolved everything. Even though I suffer here, I am grateful when I see that God loves the Unification Church, which is spread throughout the world, more than me. This is precious. If you love more than yourself, heaven will surely be with you.

Therefore, all opposing denominations, all sects, all countries, all the world will eventually become night, not day. Reverend Moon, who was in the midst of the night, will emerge as the morning sunlight, heading towards the day. Think about it. At that time, all things in nature, all living things, will set a new direction towards that place.

To go on the path of love that can liberate God and humanity
In the satanic world, I am considered an enemy. In the original world, Satan is the enemy. In the original world, what is Reverend Moon? In the original world, he is a champion. What kind of champion? He is a champion of love who has come out with God's love. Reverend Moon is the first in history to emphasize God's love and reveal that the principles of the universe are centered on love. It is the first revelation. Do you acknowledge that? "Yes" God must also acknowledge that.

The Unification Church is the religion that emphasizes and teaches that the principle of existence is centered on original love. It is more concrete and has a comprehensive content that only the Unification Church can claim the doctrine of love. That must be acknowledged. No matter how much people oppose it, even if they oppose the Unification Church after believing in it, they must acknowledge that. Do you acknowledge that? "Yes" That's why those who became Moonies of the Unification Church cannot live alone even when they go out. They stick together, among themselves. It may seem good to go out, but...

So, is money good? When you face money, it is several times, tens of times more complicated than the complex content of the Unification Church. Is knowledge good? It's the same when you face knowledge. Is power good? The world of power has more difficulties. There is no hope there. The Unification Church is different. There is hope. There is hope. No matter how much Reverend Moon suffers and is persecuted, there is hope. How strong is it? It can overcome persecution and all these things. It surpasses death, it goes beyond death. There are no more frightening people than those who transcend death. Do you agree?

When I came to America, I tried to meet the president of the United States and famous people. I met them all. I went to meet them all. So, I met senators, famous people, and all those with names. I said everything I had to say. 'It took decades to become a senator in America, and Reverend Moon, a passing guest, talks about America this and that?' That's what they say. Who is more famous? "Father" Father is Father, but over there, what am I? They say I'm a bad Father. It's the opposite. It's the opposite. How cool is it to go with such confidence? Do you understand?

Why? Why? It's the principle of love, the principle of love. Through thousands of years of history, this principle remains the same. You must know that you have come to such a blessed place. Even if it's a little difficult, if you complain saying 'Oh my,' what is that? You must break through and go out. Can the path of love in the universe, God's love, be blocked? It all breaks through. Therefore, leaders must meet the highest person in this country and fight. Why sit still and suffer? Why sit still and let time pass? Reverend Moon fights with Nixon, fights with Carter, and is fighting with Reagan, isn't he? It was Reverend Moon who cut Carter's neck.

You must also fight. You must meet the governor, meet the chief of police, meet the mayor, and have interviews. For that, you need money and people. Do you understand? You must meet them. If you don't meet them, you become a nobody. Can you do global love alone? Can I do global love alone? You must gather all the five races and know how to love them all for love to spread throughout the world. Therefore, you must completely clear the mental state of the American leaders you have had until now. How about it? "We must clear it" Is it 'Yes' or 'No'? "Yes" Just wait and see if America collapses or not while you are comfortable. Can you watch as America collapses and becomes worthless as an American citizen? They are enemies, enemies.

Then, what kind of enemy is the greatest enemy among enemies? What kind of enemy is it? It's not an enemy that takes away your possessions, your house, or your land. It's an enemy of love. Do you understand what I'm saying? This destroys the universe. This can never be welcomed anywhere forever. Now, when we look at the world, how is it? When we look at the world, we have our family, then the nation, then the world, and then the cosmos. We can divide it into these four.

The enemy among enemies is an enemy of love
Then what is Satan? What is Satan? Let's look at it centered on our family. You must know what kind of being Satan is. You must know how bad Satan is.

Let's say there is one house, one house. In the world, how many generations typically live in one household? They live in one household, in one family, but how many generations live there? "Three generations" Is it three generations or four generations? Which is it? Grandparents, parents, oneself, that's three generations, and then there can be great-grandparents. Therefore, on earth, it is said that four generations live in one household. Four generations live together. You must know that it is an environment where four generations can live.

So, if it's more than four generations, if you take 20 years per generation, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, 20 years, it becomes 80 years old. (Writing on the board while speaking) Looking at it this way, where do people beyond that generation live? They go to the spirit world. They go eternally.

Now, what do these four generations live centered on in this one family? Do they live with knowledge, money, or power? What do they live with is the question. "They live with love."

Then what is Satan? For example, there are great-grandparents here. Then there are grandparents, then there are parents, and then there is me. Then what is here is siblings, sisters, and brothers. Then there is my child. (Writing on the board while speaking) This belongs to one family. It is seen as one family. Then what is the greatest enemy among enemies? It is the enemy that invaded love centered on this. There is no greater enemy than such an enemy. If such an enemy broke the love of the great-grandparents and broke everything...

Now, if the love of the dearly beloved great-grandparents is forcibly broken, what will you do? If the enemy broke the love of the great-grandparents, then broke the love of the beloved grandparents, making them miserable, then broke the love of the parents. That's what kind of enemy it is. Then it broke my love. Then it broke the love of my siblings and brothers. Then it broke the love of my children.

Even if it did just one of these, it is an enemy. But it broke all these loves. It broke them all, so how much of an enemy is it? You must know how evil Satan is. Satan doesn't just do this centered on our house. It's not just our house. It's such an enemy to our original house. It's such an enemy. Then to our country, it is also an enemy that broke the love of grandparents and grandmothers. It did the same in our country's palace, breaking everything. Then it did the same to the coming Lord, breaking everything prepared on this earth. It did the same in Jesus' time. Then it did the same to the palace of heaven, the center of the universe. It broke everything centered on the whole, so it is an enemy of love. Do you understand? You must know how much of an enemy Satan is to us.

Therefore, God sacrificed and endured the suffering of Jesus being crucified and all the good kings, all the good parents, and all the good things being killed. You must know that. Do you understand? It is the same for you. It is the same for you. There is no exception. It broke all your families. It broke all the families in America.

To achieve heaven, you must love your enemies with true love
Then how do you bind it to the original standard? How do you connect the love of heaven, the love of great-grandparents, the love of grandparents, the love of parents, my love, the love of siblings, and the love of children? That is the problem.

Can you leave Satan alone? Can you go to the places Satan likes? "No, we can't." Satan welcomes alcohol, cigarettes, and immorality. All these things are Satan's, so even if I die, I cannot welcome them. Satan uses these weapons to kill, so can I welcome them? No, you cannot. You deny these. Denying these is the work of avenging the enemy. It is the work of avenging the enemy.

Then why does God have to remain silent after seeing such a miserable situation throughout history? Think about it. Why does the omniscient and omnipotent God not wipe them out all at once? If God has an enemy, it is the enemy that made Him forget true love. The enemy that made Him forget true love is God's enemy. Do you understand what I mean? However, no matter what kind of enemy it is, because finding true love is the wish and the purpose of life, He cannot help but endure such resentment to find it.

Satan, who has been playing such games throughout history, is now committing the same acts on the global stage centered on communism, massacring families, nations, the world, and God. Do you know that? This America is unaware, what about North Korea, Vietnam, China...? It is ruining countless families, countless tribes, countless nations. It is doing such things as a matter of course. It is doing it as a matter of course. Do you understand what I mean?

To eliminate this, a group that tries to remove this must unfold this work globally. It cannot be done otherwise. If you cannot do this in this world, you must return even if you go to the spirit world. You must complete this work at any cost of sacrifice.

Therefore, there must be groups that are determined to face this in front of the whole. God cannot kill all the enemies.

Adopted sons and daughters are originally sons and daughters. Therefore, Satan says, 'If you want to find the kingdom of heaven, shouldn't you love the firstborn Cain from a principled standpoint? Without setting the condition that you loved us, you cannot go down to that world,' and he stands firm. Still, he is the firstborn, the firstborn. So, 'If you did not set the condition that you loved us, even as Satan, you cannot love the second,' and then you cannot love the second. You must set the condition. You cannot just pass over. Even though Satan is hateful and an enemy, you must establish the tradition of true love centered on the enemy's realm. This is the traditional base, here. Do you understand that clearly? "Yes"

What is that? Therefore, God has been caught up in this until now. Caught up here... So, through whom should Satan be loved? Through Abel, more than God... The condition that the younger brother loved the older brother must be set. The condition that the parents and the younger brother loved must be set. God and Abel must love. Otherwise, a peaceful family will not emerge. A peaceful family will not emerge. An original family will not emerge. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes" It is caught here, here. It is caught here, here, here. (Pointing to the board while speaking)

Therefore, Jesus, knowing this, said to love the Roman soldiers, not as personal enemies but as world-historical enemies. Without loving Cain, you cannot go to heaven. You must set that condition on earth. That is the principle view. You must know that. You must know that. How frustrating is it? You must love your enemies; if you cut their necks and take revenge, God's ideal and love will all be shattered.

Today, why does Reverend Moon, a person with such a fearsome character, remain still? Knowing God's heart and enduring such suffering, the pain of saying 'I will endure and love' must have been immense. There is no doubt about it. You must know that God is a miserable and pitiful God. Do you understand? "Yes"

The Unification Church is establishing the tradition of true love in the enemy's country
Whose is Eve, whose is Eve? Adam and Eve are a couple. They are a couple before God. Are you getting a bit of a sense? "Yes" Is persecution hard for you? 'I hate persecution. Oh, I can't go on.' Can you go on like that? You cannot go on without persecution. You must know how hard it is to love an enemy rather than cut their neck. You can guess how much humanity has wronged heaven.

The Unification Church, which has stepped forward to liberate this remaining background, is heaven's independence army, so what are you doing? You must realize how immature and lacking you have been.

Therefore, our wish is not to meet individual enemies but to meet countries centered on enemies, and the enemy world must meet. As long as the world opposes, it must be so. You must go this path to go to heaven.

Look at the Unification Church, which the world opposes today. Korea and Japan are enemies. Japan and America are enemies. Then America and Germany are enemies. Why is World War II the last war? Because now countries can meet. The time has come for enemies to meet globally.

In the enemy's country, Reverend Moon is establishing the tradition of love. It must be established in Japan. It must be established in America's enemy country, Japan, and in Germany, the enemy country of America, the tradition of God's love must be established. Otherwise, you cannot enter heaven. You must know that only Reverend Moon is doing the work of establishing a new tradition in the enemy's country.

Why is this necessary? Because without establishing the position that God loved His emotional enemy, you cannot pass over. Without stepping on this conditional world stage, a world where God can love the firstborn and the parents and siblings can love the firstborn with the same love centered on Abel will not emerge. Therefore, the teacher embraced and loved the Japanese people instead of killing them and taking revenge. That is what he did. America is my enemy, so I should kill and take revenge, but I embrace and love them. I embrace and love Germany too. Now, the countries that have opposed the Unification Church the most globally are Korea, Japan, America, and Germany. Is that right? "Yes" The peak of that was in 1976. Is that right? "Yes" You must establish the tradition here. That is how you establish the tradition.

When sending missionaries in 1975, pairing Germans, Japanese, and Americans was to unite them. Establish this tradition. Since they are going with the teacher, they must show and establish the tradition of the four countries, including Korea, becoming one. Do you understand? You must establish that tradition in each country of the world. You must set the condition that you loved the firstborn, any country in the satanic world. You must set the standard that you established the tradition in opposition, the tradition. After loving the kingdom of heaven and loving Cain, if you set the condition that you established the tradition, heaven will surely come.

In that sense, on February 23, 1977, a new era was announced, three years later. Globally, centered on the tradition of God's love, it is going beyond the standard of setting the condition that you loved the firstborn. Globally, I mean. Is that right or not? "It is right" That is how history develops. It is overcoming and coming out beyond the principle. Therefore, the Unification Church is trying to plant the tradition of the kingdom of heaven in the enemy's country. You must know how difficult that is. That tradition is also the tradition of true love.

As I said before, the teacher must love the Cain world and then love his family after restoring the world. Because he is Abel. Our family is Abel. When you love Abel with a traditional love, the parents can finally stand in the position of original love, and the love given to the older brother can go to the younger brother. You must love, instead of the parents. Now, if you are restored, you are the firstborn, but as the firstborn, you must love Abel. The archangel must first love Abel. Isn't Abel Adam?

You must learn from the parents' family how to love. You must know that I love you more than my children, more than my wife, from the principle that I am loving you. Because of that, the teacher's family was all ruined. They were ruined. In the North, they were all massacred. There's nothing you can do about it. To achieve the global love realm, it is inevitable. It is inevitable. Do you understand? That is the tradition.

What you must do is go to East Garden and say, 'We are not the firstborn, you are.' You must do that. Only then will the era where the parents can love open, and a new kingdom of heaven on earth will be opened. This is the principle. First, love the firstborn, and then love the second. That is the law of heaven. From there, the kingdom of heaven on earth opens. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes" It is theoretical. It is all theoretical.

From this perspective, if the 36 families in Korea today or the blessed families make a mistake, the teacher's family will be miserable. Those 36 families must become the ancestors of the world. The teacher cannot worry about living issues, education issues, or anyone's issues. There is no time to sit because of world issues. Above all, he prays for the world.

Ah, if this American country is going to collapse, let it collapse. Why create the Washington Times and suffer, investing millions of dollars, when this country stands in the position of the global firstborn representing true heavenly love? This America stands in the position of the firstborn, Cain's position.

The Unification Church movement is a movement of true love that saves America and the world
Then where do these four countries become one? Where do they create the central core that can connect this tradition to the world? In Japan, in Korea? Where? "In Korea" If it's in Korea, then the Japanese, Germans, and Americans...
Can you connect all the people in the world? Christianity opposed that... It's possible, I tell you. Then, what is the religion in front of the Unification Church? It's Christianity. The global center of Christianity is America. America, I say, America. That's why the teacher came to America. Do you understand? 

No matter what sovereign or religious leader... I think this country is a country that Heaven can love, and Christianity is a religion that Heaven can love. I don't see anyone who can surpass me centered on such love. Do you understand? "Yes." I brought the Moonies to the opposition and loved them. I loved the Moonies. I loved you all. I loved the Moonies in America. The Moonies are Abel in America, Abel. Isn't that right? So if you Abel don't love America, if you don't love America, which is in Cain's position, you can't go to Heaven. You can't go to Heaven. You have to set the condition that you have traveled all over America, sweating and loving. 

That's the Unification Movement. It's not about forcibly subjugating Cain. It's not forcible subjugation. You have to naturally subjugate and find the condition that 'you are a son of Heaven and loved us more than anyone else' to save America. That's why we are traveling around 50 states. How has America become today? If it looks like this, you have to circle it hundreds of times. (Speaking while drawing) Turn it around. With this... 

So as soon as the teacher came to this country, he traveled all 50 states within 40 days. He traveled while fasting for 24 hours. He designated holy grounds. And with that, he continued to fight for this country. Do you understand? "Yes." Until now, Reverend Moon has been driven as an enemy, persecuted, and opposed, but these days, they say Reverend Moon is needed. There are many people saying, 'Ah, Reverend Moon is needed.' So now we have come to a time to overcome this hurdle. With the legal struggle and the crossing of the cross, the resurrection era is approaching, and based on this standard, we must once again leap forward and carry out a movement to love the principled nation. 

After World War II, from 1945 to 1985, we have to play this game for 40 years, 40 years. (Speaking while writing) Just like the Israelites led by Moses asked for a three-day period before entering Canaan, now we have to organize the second Israel and the third Israel to enter the land of Canaan within a three-year period. On the way to the new land of Canaan, on the way to the world, the first, second, and third Israel must become one. We have to notify them. If they don't listen after notifying them, there's nothing we can do. 

Become a volunteer of the heavenly kingdom who repays enemies with love. 

Then, where do the first and second Israel mainly live? They mainly live in places like America. And the third Israel is the Moonies. So they enter the new Israel. Where is that new Israel? It's Moscow. We are heading towards Moscow, to Moscow. So the teacher said, Moscow is a must-go. Do you understand, clearly? "Yes." After the wilderness era, the settlement era is coming, the settlement era. So this year, the title of settlement appears. Do you understand? "Yes."

How do you repay enemies? You repay them with love. How great is that? So when you think of God, you feel, 'Ah, what a great God!' When you pray, you feel how great God is... You pray like that. 'I want to learn your love, I want to learn the power of your love.' And you pray, 'In this chaotic historical era, we have gathered with the love of the True Parents, and we inherit their tradition.' You must know that this is the mainstream thought of the members of the Unification Church, the Moonies. This content is not a coincidence but a fact that has been consistent. You should be grateful to the teacher who has developed this providential history through such conclusions. 

If God loves the teacher, how much would He love him? You must know this to know. Do you understand? You don't even know how much God loves me. When you know this, you will know how much God loves Reverend Moon. Also, in the position of the vanguard fighting to establish such a tradition, you will know how much God and the Parents love you. You must know that it is a place where God, the True Parents, and the universe can be together. 

When you think about it, you can know how happy you are. Whether the wind blows or a typhoon comes, there is greater love than the path of suffering. 

If I become discouraged, nature and the universe become discouraged, and if I become sad, the whole country and the world feel sad immediately. If you go out in such a position, Satan cannot take anything away, and it remains your possession, your possession. Possession expands. Such a position is a position gathered by love. Because you have that position, it becomes your possession. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Knowing this law, you must definitely play this game. Do you understand? So, is there a mistake, or is there no mistake? "There is no mistake." No matter how much you think about it... How much would Reverend Moon, a smart Reverend Moon, have thought about it? Think about it. 

Knowing such things, for that... No matter how much the enemy rages, with a peaceful mind, knowing that you are already guaranteed victory in every battle, you must go confidently. You must naturally subjugate. Because it is subjugated in front of true love, it is eternally subjugated. Do you understand? "Yes." (Applause)

'Knowing such facts that no one in history knew, I have gone out as a volunteer, as an independence army, so let us advance to the front line of victory, amen!' Raise your hand if you agree. "Amen." Thank you. 

Above your heads are Japanese people, Korean people, Americans, and Germans. So you must become one. You must become one to remain. 

So who is at the top, who? "Father." It's not Father. It's the heads of families. The Unification Church is centered on families. Among the blessed families, the first blessed families are the heads. They are treated unconditionally. Do you understand? You must not criticize them for not speaking English. You must learn their language. That's the principle, the principle. Therefore, you must connect more closely than with your siblings or anyone else. Even if they make life difficult for you, they do it for you. Even if Japanese people make life difficult for you, they do it for you. They do it for you. It's the same for Japanese and Korean people. 

Can you become one? "Yes." Knowing this principle and saying you will become one, how good is it that you can understand and know everything? The teacher has made you this way by questioning you, so how difficult is it for you to become one from a position where you can think and know each other? Next, you must become one with spiritual people, white people, Asian people, and black people. To live in the Unification Church, Koreans, Japanese, Americans, Germans, spiritual people, white people, black people, and yellow people must become one. Can you become one? "Yes." Without becoming one through love, you cannot go to Heaven. You cannot go to Heaven. 

Looking at this principle, you will now know how far you are or at what starting point you are. So let's become one and move forward to this position of blessing. (Applause) *

Who will I live with? 

Here, the pronoun 'I' can include many things. It could be an individual like Mary or John, a family, a nation, the world, or the universe. Whether a family says 'Who will I live with,' or America itself says 'Who will I live with,' or the world says 'Who will I live with,' it all connects. Also, if the universe says 'Who will I live with,' or God says 'Who will I live with,' it all connects. 

God and the whole universe want to live with true people. 

But when we humans live, it's easy to think that we live centered on ourselves, whether it's Kim or Reverend Moon. "Centered on who? (Interpreter)" All people living among humans think that 'I' means they live centered on themselves, whether it's Park or Park. 

How do I live? If you look at it broadly, how will America live? How will America live? When a country is said to rise or fall, if America falls, that means it dies, and if it rises, that means it lives. Then who does America want to live with? This is a big question. Next, when looking at the world, whether the world is a rising world or a falling world is also a concern. Who does the world want to live with? All these questions are involved. Also, it's the same for God. Who does God want to live with? That's the question. 

Then, when asked who God, America, or the world wants to live with, the answer is simple. Who will they live with? Whether it's America, the world, or God, who do they want to live with? Although there are all things, in the end, they want to live with people, with people. 

Then, when America says it will live with people, among people, there are men and women, but who do they want to live with? They say they want to live with truly good people, truly good people. The answer is simple. They want to live with true people. Also, when asked who the world wants to live with, it's the same. The world says it wants to live with true people. They say they don't want bad people. Saying they want to live with true people is a common answer. Also, if you ask God, 'God, who do you want to live with?' the answer is the same. It's not a different answer but 'I also want to live with true people.' 

Looking at it this way, if there is a true person, would you like the true person to come and live with you, or would you like to go and live with them? The true person says, 'I don't like America or the world! I don't like it! You have to come. God has to come. I'm a true person, so God has to come. I won't go, I don't like it!' Then, if God, the world, or America also says, 'Why should I go? I won't go,' what would happen? You all want to assert yourselves. You like it when others follow your lead, when you start first. 

A person who lives for the whole is a true person. 

Then, what does it mean to be a true God, a true world, or a true America? What does it mean to be true? Is it true to say, 'You come here'? 

Then, a true man... Here, a true man is not the American President Truman. I don't like that Truman. (Laughter) He's the one who cut off MacArthur. Because he cut off MacArthur, the world has become like this. You don't know how much damage the whole world suffered and how much disadvantage it brought to America. A leader, if they make a mistake in responsibility or decision, will be criticized in front of future history. 

Then, what is a true man, a true man? What is a true man? Among true men, there is a true father, a true mother, a true brother, and true everything. Among those true people, we need to know the concept of who is more of a true person. 

When looking at something, if the eyes of a true person are true eyes, what are true eyes? Is it just glancing once or looking intently, looking and looking and looking again, which is true eyes? The more you look and look and look again, the more it is called true, true, true, true, true. Do you understand? In terms of working, between a person who goes once and a person who goes ten times, who is more of a true person? "The person who goes ten times." The person who goes ten times is a true person. 

Now, looking at it this way, as I said earlier, if a true world and God say, 'You come here. I won't go,' that person has not yet reached the level of a true person. Conversely, if the other side also says, 'You come here,' it's the same. Who among the two is closer to being a true person? It's the one who tries to go first. Is that correct? "Yes." 

That's why, in the journey of life towards truth, in the journey of seeking good things, we say, 'Yield! Endure!' We need to know why we say 'Be humble! Conform!' The reason is to become more of a true person, to become the first. 

Now, if there are two people, and I say, 'Mr. Park, greet me first!' and Mr. Park says, 'You greet first!' then they are fake people. (Laughter) However, if both try to bow first, they become true people. Because this principle exists in the universe, our original mind enjoys doing so. Now you know. Among two people, the one who humbly greets first is closer to being a true person. Do you understand? We must know this in our daily lives. We must not confuse it. 

Looking at it this way, what kind of person does the universe want? It wants to live with people who live for others. Therefore, what kind of person is a true person? A person who lives for others, that's the conclusion. 

Now, parents, among many children, who do they want to live with? They want to live with children who, instead of whining for themselves, silently care for their siblings and parents and live for the whole. When there are ten siblings, and parents bring ten clothes and say, 'Choose and wear,' they prefer the older siblings to let the younger ones choose first and choose last themselves. 

Therefore, you cannot deny that you want to live with someone who says they will live for others. When you look in the mirror and ask, 'Who did you live for?' it says, 'Who did I live for? I lived for myself.' When there's something good, it says, 'Ah, it's mine,' not 'It's the country's, God's, or the world's.' It doesn't say, 'I'll give everything to my children and be happy watching them wear good things.' 

Also, when you hear something, you only want to hear good things for yourself, and when told to 'Live for the family! Live for the world! Live for Heaven! Live for the whole!' you go 'Phew.' Then, how about the mouth? It babbles for itself, but when it defends breaking the laws of the universe, it gets angry and yells, which is not a great mouth. When rebuked from a public standpoint, it bows its head, but when rebuked from a self-centered standpoint, it says, 'What?' That's how our original mind is. What did these hands live for? Did they move a lot for others? For the universe? For God? Also, what did these feet walk for all their lives? Then, what did you think for? 

Looking at it this way, you now know what is true. If there is an average point of the standard of truth, are you below average or above average? What kind of person are you? "......" Then, are you a good person or a bad person? (Laughter) You didn't know this clearly until now. 'Why should we be gentle and humble, and why should we sacrifice? Why should we do that?' 

Is there a place in today's human world that teaches to live like this? There should be such true people, but does the school do that? Does the company do that? Does the government office do that? Where? Nowhere. But you must know that only religious organizations do that. 

Loving enemies is true love. 

Then, what kind of person is the truest among true people? True, true, true person! Growth, completion, perfection. (Speaking while writing) You must define it. Where is it? Nowhere? "A person who sacrifices for humanity." That's a true person too. That would be in the middle. What is a real true person? "Thanking God, and then the universe..." That's too long. Make it simple. (Laughter. Various answers are given) That's not it. It's not absolute true love. What is absolute true love? It's simple. It's truly loving your enemy. How about that? "That's right."

Then, what is the enemy among enemies? What kind of enemy is it? Is it an enemy for taking clothes? An enemy from fighting? "No." It's an enemy of love, an enemy of God's love. What is that? It's the enemy who took away what you love, the enemy who took away the person you love. It's the enemy who took away everything from you. Looking at it that way, if there is someone who can forgive even that, they are close to being a true person. Do you understand that? If there is a true person and a true God, what kind of person is the true God? Similarly, it's someone who can love such an enemy. 

Then, what is Satan? Satan is the enemy of the true God. Why? Satan took away God's love. He's an adulterer. Not only did he take away the person God loves, but he took away the whole universe. He ruined the heavenly kingdom, ruined the world, ruined everything. When you think about this, you must realize, 'Ah! A true person is such a person. A true God is such a being.' Then, who does the true God want to live with? Naturally, the true God would say, 'I want to live with someone like me.' How about that? Is that right? "Yes."

Now, God is in Heaven. He is in the ideal Heaven. Then, who can live close to God in the ideal Heaven? Since it was said that it is someone like God, if God is a God who loves enemies, then a person who strives to love enemies and invests everything for that will live close to the high throne where God resides. How about that? Is that right? "Yes." You don't like that, do you? How about that? (Laughter)

Looking at it this way, what is the most precious education? What is the most precious cultivation? Whatever education or cultivation it may be, learning to strive to love enemies and cultivating for that is the best. This is the conclusion. 

A person who endures is hard to conquer. 

The Chinese character for patience (忍) means to set a knife in the heart. (Speaking while writing) Do you understand? It has that meaning. To carry a big burden and do great things, patience must be hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands, millions... It must be infinite. 

Then, if there is a God who wants to establish the Kingdom of Heaven on Earth, would it be extremely easy or difficult for that God to continue to emerge in the position of a true God? "It's difficult." Everyone, for everything new to be created, it must be on a horizontal line. 

Now, when you pull this, where does the most force go, close or far? "Close." That's right. This becomes the center. The pulling force works like this. This point breaks with double the force here. (Speaking while writing) Does it break from the horizontal line, or does it break when tilted or bent? If it doesn't break, there's nothing caught on the firm part. It's safe, that's the concept, safe. Everything needs such a foundation to be created. You must know this. 

Now, what is that? What does it mean to endure? It means not breaking. You must know that a person who endures is hard to conquer. When we say 'God cannot be conquered,' when we say 'cannot be conquered forever,' it means He can endure forever. 

Then, what is the hardest thing for humans? It is enduring. How about Americans? Let's compare Americans and Chinese. Americans are assertive. Americans are aggressive and invasive, while Chinese are defensive. Chinese retreat but come out again. They come and go a hundred times, a thousand times. Americans, once they lose, they never come back. The American way is to duel and settle it once and for all, they can't just leave after seeing it. They say they'd rather die than see it again. (Laughter) But the Chinese way is to fight every day and say let's see each other again. Which is better? Settling it with a duel and cutting it all off or saying let's see each other again next year, let's fight again next year, which is better? Cutting off the neck in a fight or fighting and saying let's see each other again next year, which is better? "The Chinese way." (Laughter)

The American way is to shoot with a gun when bitten by a snake. (Laughter) They hate enduring. They hate enduring, but Chinese or Eastern people shed tears together when a horse is dying. They cry, thinking about how much suffering it would endure, and say it would be better if it repented for an hour, endured, thought, and died, helping it. So, which is better? Which is better? Americans shoot and say 'Good!' right? Which is better? "The Chinese way."

Americans tell children 'The Chinese are coming!' when they cry, right? (Laughter) How much do they hate that? Western history is short, but Chinese history is long. You must know this. Having endured and united for 5,000 years, it's no wonder they have a large population. They have a large population. In the West, they would have dueled, fought, and perished, but having endured and come out, they still have a population of 1 billion. 

Even if someone enters China and wears the trendy miniskirt, they don't follow and wear it. They still wear long skirts. That's why they say Chinese people are good. (Laughter) They wear one outfit through spring, summer, autumn, and winter. Even if it's dirty, they just wear it... How amazing is that? If they did it for the sake of the righteous path of the saints who save the world, it's remarkable. 

Moonies must digest even Chinese people. 

Reverend Moon came to America... Where should the tradition of the Kingdom of Heaven on Earth be established? Should it be established in America, or should it be planted among the patient Chinese people?
"To China," "To America," "To Korea," why is there no order like this? Americans just look around and say okay, but they don't take responsibility for that okay. They might do it as it is or not do it at all.

As for the Chinese, when they gamble, they are so faithful that if they lose money in the gambling house, they put up their property and even their wives. (Laughter) If they lose like that, they die. Even if they gambled with a servant, they have to pay the gambling debt promised to that servant, so they die. If they die, the servant takes the property and lives with the wife. That's how serious it is, even between a servant and a master.

Americans say that the O in OK means it's completely open. The door is open, that's what it means. The K means the chair is set upside down. It should be placed upright, but since the chair is set upside down, it can always fall over. Only Reverend Moon would think like this. (Laughter) So, the saying that you can't trust an American who says okay is valid.

Then, who will digest the Chinese in the future? Who will rule China? It's easy to rule America, but it's difficult to rule China. So, should our Unification Church members digest even the Chinese, or should they not? "We should digest them."

Then, from now on, when babies cry, should people say, "Moon is coming"? "Yes." (Laughter) When a baby cries, they should think of Moon as a scary being. That's not a bad thing. (Laughter) If parents raise them from a young age saying "Moon is coming," they'll know Moon is the scariest. But when their aunt is called Moon, how much will they study? No matter how much they look, it's the same. Even if they touch, sweep, and pull, it's all the same. If it's someone else, not Moon, and they touch once, they say, "Why is this?" and kick them away. But Moon stays still even if kicked and says, "Mmm, mmm," liking it. How patient is that? Then, who is more persistent, the Chinese or Moon? "Moon." Which do you prefer? "Moon."

Now, if you're told to wear one set of clothes like the Chinese for ten years, what would you do? If you're told to wear it until it's full of holes for ten years, what would you do? The Chinese don't even brush their teeth. Their teeth are yellow, and there's no gap between them, just yellow covering them. That's normal. Yet they kiss and live well. (Laughter)

Then, between Americans who say they must be clean and odorless to love, and Chinese who love even if there's a smell and they're not clean, who is the real person? (Laughter) Between those who say they'll love only if they're clean every day and those who say they'll truly love even if they're not clean, who is the real person? What is true love? (Laughter) It's a serious question. (Laughter) What do you think? What is true love? "It's the Chinese way."

Developed countries must unite with underdeveloped countries to avoid collapse. Look, the world is seen in two ways. When you look at a tree, the roots go deep, and the branches go high. It's two things like this. It's different. What's going up must breathe fresh air, and what's going down must absorb the ugly. The roots go looking for manure and dirty things, while the branches go looking for fresh things. It's the opposite. Then, when something dies, what disappears first? The roots or the branches? "The roots." The roots. That's the principle of heaven and earth.

When you look at the world, developed countries boast about being great, saying, "Ah, we are the branches that can bear fragrant fruit. Oh, that's a dirty underdeveloped country," but can developed countries live without underdeveloped countries? They all live by being supplied from there. In that sense, should developed countries exchange with underdeveloped countries like roots and branches, or should they not? "They should exchange." If they don't exchange, they'll die quickly. Therefore, the topmost branches and the dirtiest deep roots must live together. That's the principle of the universe.

Americans must exchange with Chinese, Indians, Vietnamese, or Burmese, all those starving people. Only then can the world live. Only then will the world not die. Americans living with their individualistic thoughts means that the day of their self-destruction is not far off. It's like leaves trying to live on their own. You must live according to the principles of nature. When you look at America like this, America is like a floating tree on a large lake, without roots. It's always changing. They say, "What if it falls over? What if the branches break? It's fine!"

Now, where will America go? Will it flow down, or will it flow up? "It will flow down." Where will it go? Where will it go? As soon as it enters the sea, it will all dissolve. It will say, "Squeak!" in the seawater. But if the roots are planted, it's not like that.

So, Reverend Moon must stop Americans from just putting on makeup and wearing good clothes centered on the individual and make them become roots. If you plant branches there, if you graft them, if they stay still, they become roots. They must not move. "Oh, I hate Moon. Let's go out into the world!" Then they won't become roots. If they do that, the branches will dry up and die. They can't be used anywhere. Even those who were hippies or took drugs came in, but where will they act like hippies? Will they act like yippies? Will they take drugs? They know the principle, so they can't go to hippies or yippies, and they can't take drugs. They know Satan, so where will they go? What do you think?

The persistence and patience of the Chinese. If a Chinese person says, "I believe in the Unification Church," they go on forever. They rot here and become manure, and sprouts come out. So, which person will you be? Will you be a Chinese person or an American person? "I will be a Chinese person." It's not just words; you really have to be like that. Even if you go to China with American culture and try to change it, you can't change it. Also, even if the Communist Party enters China, it can't become the Communist Party.

Now, if you introduce Unification Thought to these people, I think they will conquer the world without fighting, just by sitting down. Aha! So, I see that the time has come for Western people to seek out Eastern people. When you look at Americans, they all build log cabins. So, when you think about it, you think of building houses. The current civilization of buildings is all worn out and trying to return to the primitive era. They are trying to dress like the Chinese, and their shoes are like that too.

The Chinese say, "No matter how much you act like you're great, get hurt, and suffer all kinds of hardships, in the end, you become like us." They are looking at it like this. "You're following us." But when they say, "I thought about religion and the deep world, but what about you? Listen to me," and they tell them, they listen and bow their heads. They are thinking deeply about God and humans, but Western people come without thinking and say, "Listen!" When they listen, they bow their heads. They think about things that won't die, things that are eternal, but you analyze materials, think about small things, visible things, always thinking about external things.

Now, if you go a little further, there will come a day when you will destroy factories because of pollution problems. Then you'll say, "Let's return to nature." So, now, instead of putting on breast lids and other lids, you'll say, "Why wear colorful clothes when they're all the same? Throw away clothes. Throw away countries. Throw away borders. Let's go anywhere!" Such a movement will arise. Where will you go? You will return to natural nature. You will return to natural nature.

Now, among the cows on the ranch, there are black cows, spotted cows, white cows, and yellow cows. Do black cows say, "Hey, yellow cow, go away! White cow, come out!"? So, what about us? "Heavenly cow, come out!" (Laughter) What that means is that because we wear clothes, such games happen. If we didn't wear clothes, we would have fur. If we had fur, it would all be the same. That's how it is. Because it's cold, fur naturally grows to protect us.

Then, rather than black and yellow colors, something like you, white, becomes the focus of interest. If you had fur on your body, when comparing a monkey and a black dog, the black dog is more attractive than the monkey. Why is that? If you return to nature, would you wash your face and put on makeup every day? Then, dirt doesn't stick, and being black is the most comfortable. (Laughter) That's one way to see it.

The ideal base of God starts from the heart of the enemy. In this way, enduring is better than not enduring. (Laughter) Enduring doesn't break even when pulled. It doesn't shrink even when pressure is applied. "Do as you please. I will do as I please."

Then, when meeting a friend, will you meet a friend who endures or a friend who doesn't endure? "A friend who endures." Also, do you prefer parents who endure for you or parents who don't endure and nag? "Parents who endure." Here, American women, will you marry a man who endures or a man who nags? "A man who endures."

If you say so, is it better for the American people to have a character that can endure or a character that cannot endure? "A character that can endure." Then, what about the temperament of our Moonies? What about the nature of Moonies? "They are patient." Even when persecuted and traveling nationwide, they remain calm. Then, what about Reverend Moon? Even when America opposes, he remains the same. Even while fighting legal battles, he remains calm. It's the same.

Even while sacrificing for America and investing everything for America, it's not about asking to be recognized but about wanting to invest more. America is trying to drive me out, kill me, and eliminate me. When America is about to collapse, instead of saying, "Collapse quickly," and creating something like the Washington Times to attack the conservative party, why do I create something like the Washington Times and spend a huge amount of money to support the conservative party and prevent America from collapsing? Why is that? You see, it's not for the collapsing America but for the future America that will come. You must know this.

To go that way, time is needed, but since there is no one to invest, I am investing. I am protecting it. I have loved America more than any American, even in difficult and pressured situations. When you see it that way, the conclusion is that the one who truly loved America is Reverend Moon. Anyone who knows this fact that he loved America more than anyone else cannot help but bow their heads. Does it seem like that? "Yes."

God is the same. He endures and forgives for the world that will come in the future, overcoming the fierce persecution of the satanic world. "At that time, I can't be alone. I need the day when you can praise me," He sees it this way and goes on. You must know that the scene where the former enemy says, "Ah, you are the victor, you are the owner of glory, you are the great ruler of the universe. Thank you for encompassing and saving all these things," and gives the highest praise is the most amazing scene. You must know this.

What makes Satan and God different is this. Satan seeks an environment where he can be praised as great in the satanic world, but God seeks the path where the former enemy can praise Him. You must know that this is the ideal path. A world completely without enemies must be created. How is it? "It's a great ideal." That's all there is. There is nothing beyond that.

When explaining like this, I realized that Jesus' words to love your enemies were universal. It wasn't just about loving personal enemies but about addressing national, global, and universal enemies. What it means is that God's ideal base starts from the heart of the enemy. The tradition of the heavenly kingdom begins from where the enemy's heart can love, respect, and be moved. No one can take this away. No one can undo this. Do you understand? Is that right? "Yes."

Knowing that God and Jesus have been thinking this way and unfolding the path of salvation today, you must realize how far Christianity and religions are from this principle and ideal standard. They say, "Just believe blindly, and you'll go to heaven. You don't need to know anything." Christians can't sleep if they hear a curse and say, "Die, die," in their hearts. What if you create the base of the ideal kingdom in such a heart world? What about on a stormy day? What about on a day of lightning? It's not safe. When storms blow and chaos erupts, it all collapses and flows away. We must think that God has such thoughts because He is God. Do you understand? That's why you must know that Jesus, as God's son, said such words.

You must move and inspire your enemies with love. Now, who do you think has been cursed the most in the world? It's Reverend Moon, right? "Yes." Communist leaders like Stalin or Mao Zedong might have been cursed for killing many people, but I haven't killed anyone. I loved my enemies and saved those who wanted to kill me, yet I was cursed a lot.

Therefore, what strategy does Reverend Moon use? If they don't curse and oppose, he makes them curse and oppose quickly, making them curse and oppose. (Laughter) But that's not a bad thing. It's because he does good deeds. He turns people who took drugs or were hippies and yippies into Moonies, making them better people than any rich family's excellent children in America. He is cursed in such a position.

Also, he makes those who shake their heads and don't listen to anyone, not even their teachers or parents, listen to the words of an Eastern man, Reverend Moon. Is that easy? And not only that. Here, parents want their children to date, and it's normal for men and women to meet and do all sorts of things. But Reverend Moon separates men and women, not allowing them to touch or see each other, not allowing them to date. Even marriage is not done at will but according to Reverend Moon's will. So, they think, "This can't be!" and then realize, "Oh no, this is serious." (Applause)

Even marriage is not done at will, and it's okay to marry a Korean or an Eastern person, anyone is fine. They say they'll do as Reverend Moon tells them, making them crazy, so they say all sorts of things like he's using magic or something. Being cursed is nothing special. They say he's a brainwash teacher and a mind control teacher and oppose him.

So, Moonies, have you been brainwashed and mind-controlled? Answer me. "No." Yes! "No." Yes, yes! "No." So, is that something to be cursed for or praised for? "It's something to be praised for." If it's something to be praised for, why is he being cursed and persecuted? It's because it's the opposite. The path Reverend Moon is taking is opposite to theirs, so they oppose him. He's an enemy. How much opposition has there been in every way until now?

Become Moonies who endure, suffer, and sacrifice for humanity. For 40 years, since liberation, there has been opposition for 37 years. It has been a full 37 years of opposition. The peak of global opposition was in 1976. You must know that. It was during the Washington rally in 1976. Now, it's all forgotten. The bad things, the curses, are all forgotten. The problem is to inspire, move, and digest enemies with love. Now, if I ask you here, who do you want to live with?

Do you want to live with the American people or with Reverend Moon? "Reverend Moon!" It's because Reverend Moon lives in America, but what if I go to Africa? "I will live with you." What if you go to Africa and live naked? (Laughter) Isn't it embarrassing? Also, what if you eat snakes, frogs, grasshoppers, and natural things? Will you do that too? "No." If you become like a monkey, saying, "Eee," (imitating) what will you do? If you can live without sinning, I think I would live like that. If you can live cleanly without sinning, I think I would live like that. What about you? "That's good."

Now, to go there, you must gradually go down one step at a time to train to live there. Do you welcome that? "Yes." So, the life of a Moonie cannot be luxurious. Even President Reagan has no choice. Reagan must call Reverend Moon teacher. He must call him father. (Laughter) Isn't that right? "Yes."

Now, if Reagan and Reverend Moon stay together for three or four months, will Reagan follow me, or will I follow Reagan? What do you think? "Reagan will follow you." I will follow Reagan. "No." Then will Reagan follow me? "Yes." I can't trust that. Reagan would want to do that. I don't like that. At that time, if I say, "Reagan, go fundraising!" how cool would that be? At that time, the king of fundraising will be born. When they say fundraising president, "Oh, he's the best in the world at fundraising," Reagan must sell flowers. Then many flowers will boast and welcome the American president. The flowers will boast. "Oh, those worthless Moonies were selling me, but now Reagan is selling me," they will boast.

If Reagan sells flowers, will the American people line up to buy them or not? "Oh! President Reagan is fundraising!" they will buy them. Now, when Reagan is doing flower-selling business, if he says to the American people, "Oh, American people! It's 5 dollars per flower, will you buy one?" will the American people say "No" or "Yes"? "Yes." Is Reagan fundraising a good thing or a bad thing? "It's a good thing." If all the American people buy for 5 dollars each, how much is it? How many billion dollars? "1.2 billion dollars." Then if the American president does fundraising for just one day, then Moonies don't have to do it. (Laughter) Isn't that right? Why wouldn't it be? If I were the American president, I would volunteer to do it, volunteer.

You, the woman who looks like a nut, you're Swedish, right? "I'm French." What will you do if you become president? (Laughter) Now, how cool is that? How cool is that? At that time, you say to Reagan, "You're fundraising now, but I did it ten years ago. We were persecuted, but you're welcomed, so it's resolved." How cool is that? (Laughter) Think about that. You must know that being cursed and persecuted is a blessing.

Therefore, when asked, "Who do you want to live with? Who in the world do you want to live with?" the answer, "I want to live with someone who endures more, is persecuted more, suffers more, and loves more for the world," is undoubtedly correct. Is that wrong or right? "It's right." If there is a group that says they will suffer for humanity, then the ideal nation, the ideal world, and the ideal God will undoubtedly want to live centered on that group. Not just for a moment, but eternally. If there is eternal love there, they won't want to leave. I also want to live in such a place. What about you? "It's the same."

Do you like me? "Yes." God too? "Yes." So, "Endure! Sacrifice! Endure and go! Don't rest and strive!" are blessed words. You might think, "I've suffered in the church for ten years, but there's no end," but look. How much... Satan, the enemy of God's love, is accusing God. At that time, God doesn't say, "Hey, you rascal! Are you coming to me, your enemy?" but says, "Yes, yes, your words are right." Think about God like that. When you think about such things, you can see how great God is. Moonies are trying to become such sons and daughters of God, but how far are you from that? Do you have the qualifications to become sons and daughters?

Now, have you become such Moonies? No, no. So, Reverend Moon is trying to make you into such people. Therefore, even if you curse and scold, I endure with clenched teeth. What benefit is there for me? Even if I curse at you, what benefit is there for me? There's nothing. Even if I make you work hard, there's nothing beneficial for me. Spending money, being cursed, suffering, what is this? It's all for you, for the enemies. Is that right or not? Is such a Reverend Moon a true person or a fake person? "A true person." Is he an evil person or a good person? "A good person."

Look. If you become a leader and sleep long, you must sit and repent. For example, I try to wear underwear for as long as possible, even for a day longer. If I wear it for a week, my mother scolds me, but I try to wear it for as long as possible. And if the inside is dirty, I turn it inside out. (Laughter) It's not because I don't have any. It's not because I don't have clothes. I feel burdened. If something is stained on the clothes, the children or mother throw it in the trash. Then I quietly go and take it and wear it and quietly cover it. (Laughter) Why is that? Because I know that when you go fundraising, you can't change clothes for a week, can't eat on time, and can't sleep on time.

You must know that even after giving orders to you, the teacher knows your difficulties and is praying in East Garden. My thoughts are always with you. I heard that when a missionary was dying, they said it was a regret that they couldn't pray and bow to the teacher. So, the teacher himself...
I think that I should not be a burden. Therefore, when missionaries go out into the world, heaven works and helps them. God transcends space and time to be with them.

I have never boasted about living in East Garden. Even when I ride a good Lincoln car, I feel sorry because I have to travel long distances quickly. The time I spend in the car is the time I make up for my sleep. Do you understand what I mean? I think of the Lincoln car as a resting place where I can sleep. Even if I can't take a nap at home, I sleep when I get in the car. When I ride the Lincoln limousine, I use it as an environment where I can stretch my legs and sleep. That's why Unification Church members trust me and become one internally.

Now, when you ask, "Who will I live with?" the answer is a true person. Among true people, there are true sons, true daughters, true teachers, true friends, true parents, true siblings, true families, true nations, and a true heaven. Then what kind of place is true heaven? It is a place where people who have sacrificed and suffered for the whole go. This is an undeniable answer.

Reverend Moon is the person who guides and walks that path. Therefore, I give to those close to me and forget about it. What if I try to remember everything I do for those close to me? I should forget even what I do for my enemies. Why? Because I must love even greater enemies.

Reverend Moon is someone who, after creating a good environment like East Garden or Belvedere, plans to go to Moscow. He looks at the prison in Moscow, as the Bible says, "Whoever wants to save their life will lose it, but whoever loses their life for my sake will find it." When I came to America, I looked at the prison. We must go through that process. Why? Because the problem is not going to Moscow or prison, but liberating those people.

When history reveals that Reverend Moon came to the Soviet Union and suffered for this nation, those people will want to live with me. What they want is not Stalin or Lenin. They want God. For that, they endure suffering and hardship. Even though they know how difficult it is, they shed tears of endurance. These are not tears of resentment. They are tears shed to endure resentment. When you shed tears and endure there, heaven becomes your friend. Such people are assisted by the spiritual world on behalf of the whole to receive benefits. Do you understand? "Yes."

The path of endurance, the path of struggle, the path of evangelism, the path of being insulted is the path of revenge.

How about you? Who do you want to live with? "A true person." A true person doesn't just laugh and joke around. It's serious. Then, who is the king of seriousness in world history? It is God. Everything is number one, everything. (Writing on the board) In that sense, God wants to love the enemy and live emotionally united with that enemy. You can know what kind of person God is.

As I mentioned before, what about Satan? When we look, there are great-grandparents, then grandparents, then parents, then couples, then children, then sons-in-law and daughters-in-law. These exist in our homes, in the palaces of nations, in the palaces of the world, and in the palaces of heaven. (Writing on the board) Satan has ruined all these relationships in the four great palaces. So what kind of enemy is Satan? How evil is he? He raped in front of great-grandparents and fathers and made them his own. He did it in front of his grandparents and all his grandchildren.

Then he killed them there and watched and killed them again. It wasn't just our home; he did it to the tribes of the country's palace, from the king down. (Pointing to the board) Then what? He did the same to the family of the Messiah, who comes as the king of the world. Then even to God... God knows this history. God endures while dealing with this enemy. And he leads history.

So, would the son here, seeing this fact, want to avenge that enemy? Would he be able to love? In that position, he would go crazy. He would have no choice but to go crazy. But he cannot go crazy because of Satan. To protect the universe and my family, I must overcome the task of finding the universe and heaven and earth, even though they are enemies, and engage in a righteous struggle with Satan until I find heaven and earth. The path of revenge is the path of endurance, the path of struggle, the path of evangelism, the path of being insulted, and the path of goodness. Why can't you go? Even if you don't sleep, even if you don't eat, you must do this work.

Therefore, Reverend Moon says, since individuals, families, tribes, nations, and countries oppose, Korea opposes, Asia opposes, America opposes, the Soviet Union opposes, and the whole world opposes, let's quickly pass by. Let's digest it with love. Let's digest it with love. By doing so, we can subdue Satan and liberate everything. The fight with the enemy is to reclaim the grandparents that Satan took. How serious is that? Think about it. Think about that scene. How desperate is God? How miserable is God? So, Reverend Moon also...

The people you hate the most must unite for heaven to begin.

Look, Koreans and Japanese are enemies, Japanese and Americans are enemies, and Americans and Germans are enemies. (Writing on the board) So, let's establish the tradition of heaven on this foundation. That's why, at this time, Korea, America, Japan, and Germany, which were at the forefront of opposing Reverend Moon, are now passing by. They keep falling away, but the Unification Church, despite opposition, is rising. Now, you cannot enter heaven without uniting these four countries. You cannot start heaven. You know what I said before, right? That's why we send German, Japanese, and American missionaries together.

Wouldn't it be great to send three Americans? But it doesn't work. You can't fight there. You must unite.

Also, Dr. Durst in America might think, "Wouldn't it be great without Koreans, Japanese, and Germans? Then I would only work with Americans." But it won't work if you don't unite. You must know that. Korea is the East, Japan is the West, America is the South, and Germany is the North. You must know that. The East, West, South, and North must unite. (Writing on the board)

Now, the Korean and German peoples are specific peoples. They are exceptional. America and Japan follow them. They must unite. The East, West, South, and North are far apart, but do they exist in one house? "Yes." These countries must unite. When missionaries go out, Japanese, Americans, and Germans want to follow the teacher. They follow Koreans. That's why the world beats us. Then where do we go? It's not that we disappear when beaten, but all the blessings from all directions gather in the center. If they don't unite, if they don't come together, everything falls apart.

Now, our Unification Church members must form a team, with one team of Koreans, one team of Japanese, one team of Americans, and one team of Germans, forming a four-position foundation, living as one under one fence, as four brothers united in the position of parents. We must create a national form of Noah's family of eight members. You must know that. One is the parents, and the rest are three brothers, forming a representative form of a nation with eight members, establishing a foundation that cannot be accused by Satan. You must know that this becomes the foundation of the ideal world, the heavenly kingdom. Eight members unite. If this doesn't happen, you absolutely cannot enter the ideal world, the ideal world. Do you understand, Dr. Durst? "Yes." You must unite with the Japanese you hate the most, the Koreans you hate the most, and the Germans you hate the most. You must love them all to become responsible. You must love your enemies.

There, when you say, "Our home is the true heaven," that is heaven. Eternal heaven begins there. Dr. Durst, do you understand? "Yes, Father." Why is your voice so low? Speak louder. "Yes, Father (a little louder)." That's saying, "I'm not." "No, I'm not." (Laughter) Now you understand, right? You know how to create heaven. You know how to become God's sons and daughters. You know for sure.

So, Reverend Moon's words are correct because the Bible teaches us so. It says, "Whoever wants to save their life will lose it, but whoever loses their life for my sake will find it," and "Love your enemies." The Bible teaches all of this. Today, in the Unification Church, we are realizing this on the foundation of individuals, families, nations, and the world. Therefore, heaven cannot help but use this foundation as the foundation of heaven. So, this cannot but be something that heaven likes. Can you do it? "Yes."

Let's endure to the end and live with God.

Now, do you know who to live with? Our Unification Church members now live thinking, "The teacher is far away, so how do we live among ourselves? We will follow the path of suffering. We must follow the path of hard work. We must follow and assist him and live with him." Everyone knows that. A brother who silently walks the path of suffering and endures insults is a true person. Now, do you know how to live, how to go, how to follow, and how to act? "Yes."

There can be no heresy in the Unification Church. The mainstream path of the Unification Church is to suffer more and sacrifice more. Such people are mainstream, so they will lead the Unification Church and go on forever. Amen. If there are two types of people, which side is closer to that path? It is the path of truth. Therefore, the path of truth is automatically analyzed.

So, think about the Chinese people. We must digest the Chinese and be more proud than the Chinese. If we endure for ten years, thinking that it will be so, we will endure for ten years or more. Sit down, put your roots in the ground, and endure until sprouts and flowers bloom. Endure like that and eventually live with God.

Now, do you understand? You know how to become like God, right? "Yes." Now, let's run magnificently! Now that you know, raise your hand if you are determined to become such a person. Thank you. May God's blessings be with you! (Applause)

For the World and God

Raise your hand if you have been in the Unification Church for more than ten years.

People inevitably die once. You always think that you are advancing toward death. You are advancing toward the wall of death. As individuals go that way, families go that way, nations go that way, and the world goes that way. From this perspective, we think.

We must overcome the present world and go to the world of true purpose.

So, what will be the end of the democratic world? Will that world exist forever, or will it die? Also, what about communism? This is a serious issue. Looking at the world's problems now, they say it's a crisis, but what is it? It means the danger of death is approaching. A crisis means death is approaching, destruction is approaching.

So, when we look, there is the wall of death for individuals, the wall of death for families, the wall of death for nations, the wall of death for the world. How to overcome this is an extremely serious problem.

Human greed seeks to overcome everything from the wall of death for individuals to the destruction of nations and the world and find a way to live. Isn't that the ideal? When we think about whether it is possible, ordinary people conclude that it is impossible. However, if there is a way to make it possible, if there is an existence that is not within the realm of death but guides us beyond the wall of death, then it would be possible. Such an existence must exist.

From this perspective, even if there is no God, humans must create a hypothetical God and educate people to advance in front of those who are groaning within the wall of death. Isn't that a problem that must be solved?

So, if there is a real God, how blessed is that news for all existence within the realm of death? You must know that. How blessed is that news?

As humans have pursued these issues, religion has connected them. You must know that the religious field has done this. So, what must religion do now? It must confidently say, "God certainly exists," and break through all barriers. We must create such a religion.

Imagine you are on a plane flying through clouds and fog. It's dark. You can't see ahead. But the pilot knows the altitude and direction. Knowing that, they fly with confidence, even through thick fog and clouds.

There is a compass to measure direction. The purpose and the compass direction must match, no matter what. So, if the compass goes to the desired altitude, it will overcome all barriers of death.

So, if there is a God, and the purpose is set to head toward heaven, you must know what altitude and direction it is going and align with it. So, even though you are running through clouds and fog, what you want is to overcome this and go to the bright world of true purpose. You must know that this is the path of life for those born into this world.

Therefore, you must overcome your current family. You must overcome this democratic world and the world you live in. Otherwise, you will never overcome the wall of death.

The ability to digest the world running toward death is necessary.

Now, intellectuals in the general world have completed experiments on the democratic world. They have also completed experiments on the communist world. In this current end-of-the-world era, if there is a unique and peculiar movement, it is the Unification Movement. You must know this.

Then what must Unification Movement members do? They must break through the democratic world and communism and go beyond. They must have the conviction to do so. So, what is the biggest barrier in the democratic world? What is the biggest barrier in communism?

The representative country of the democratic world, America, is now declining. In every aspect, it is falling apart. What is it? The ideology, the Christian ideology, has collapsed. Looking at America, Christianity has completely collapsed in the government, Congress, the presidential office, schools, and all of society. Christianity itself is collapsing.

What else? Families are breaking down. What else? The corruption of youth. Nowadays, they talk about free sex, homosexuality, and lesbianism, but we must break through all of that. In addition, the problem of communism is approaching.

This is true individually, in families, in society, and among national leaders. The country is like that, and the democratic world is like that. America is ruining the democratic world. It is having a bad influence. The divorce issue... I saw in newspapers and magazines that the divorce rate is over 50%. The problem of family breakdown, corruption, and pro-communism are having a significant impact on the world.

So, to survive here, we must digest this democratic world and break through it. Surviving without dying here is a global issue. We must have the ability to confront and digest it head-on. The germs of death...

From that perspective, you must criticize yourself as a Unification Church leader or member. Are you flying high and running in the direction God desires, or are you falling into the valley? You must always think about this.

Why fly at an altitude of over 10,000 feet, over 12,000 feet, when you can fly low? How comfortable is it? You control it as you please. You can go back and forth like this... Why fly high when it's so cold? It's difficult to fly in the air at minus 60 or 70 degrees. You must endure such harsh conditions and provide oxygen because the air is thin. The same goes for you. You must know that the equipment and supplies must be different if you change direction to fly at such an altitude as the Unification Church.

Have you ever thought, "Even though the free world, the democratic world, and the world are collapsing, I am crossing the line of death and running safely"? Even if you cross the line of death for your family and country, you must not break in the world's line of death. You must know that it is more miserable.

To become a pilot, you must spend decades... How much does it cost to become an astronaut? How much knowledge must you have? You cannot simply say, "Let's just live as we have in the Unification Church, the established church, and our American life." We must know that we are going to break through the wall of death, to overcome it. Can you sleep? Can you do as you please? Can you drink, play, and dance as you please? You cannot. You must set a principled standard and go.

The path of hardship to overcome the wall of death is the Moonie movement.

Now, American leaders are entering a state of giving up on world issues. Communism is falling from international communism to national communism. That means communism has given up on the world. The Soviet Union cannot handle China, and China cannot handle the Soviet Union. America, no matter how democratic, cannot control France, Germany, or Japan. Japan cannot control America, France, or the UK. It's the same. It's giving up. That means they are not going on the path of life to overcome the world's life-and-death issues but are retreating on the path of death. Retreating means death.

Who will overcome this, and how? That is the problem. The conclusion is that it cannot be done with human power. Science has given up. Politics and economics have given up. America practices media politics, but the media only reports the current situation and cannot suggest creative directions. Instead, it is harming America and benefiting the direction of communism. That means they have no hope for America. Journalists may take a pro-communist direction, but they cannot solve it with that. A time will come when they will despair more than they did when they had no hope in the democratic world.

When an individual in a family dies, the family mourns, but when a famous family collapses, it brings sorrow to society. When such a nation collapses, it brings sorrow to the world. When such a world collapses, it brings sorrow to the universe. Considering the interconnected misery, when we see the reality of the world facing the brink of death, we must think about how much the universe is in pain.

So, what does the Unification Church want to do here? What does Moon want to do? We want to jump over this world. Let's think we've jumped over it. Let's think we've jumped over it. Moonies want to do something different from repeating everything within the realm of death. This is the Moonie movement. So, if you follow the Unification Church, you can overcome the death of the family, the death of the nation, and the death of the world.

Therefore, the way of living is different. It's not in this world but in that world. You must know that. In terms of the world, cultures are different, races are different, languages are different, everything is different. We are doing something that no group in the world has done before.

If you are a real Moonie, when asked, "Where do you want to go?" you don't say, "I want to go to a good place." In the present world, good means entering an American institution or becoming a president. But when asked, "Where do you want to work?" you say, "I want to go to Africa." It's different. You want to suffer more. That is the new path that can overcome the wall of death.

Our Moonies want to catch and eat what is ruining America. Catch and eat drugs, prisons, mafias, and brothels. Do you think that way? Today, you must not be eaten by all the germs of the satanic world. Are you confident? "Yes." If you think of yourself, you die. "I want to be high. I want to be good" means death. If God's purpose is this, and you say you don't like it, you die.
As you go, you head towards the Himalayas and crash into them, shattering to pieces. We need to understand that. The starting altitude for overcoming the barrier of death is different for each of you. We don't have the concept of working eight hours a day. We don't think about working just to get paid. We think we should work even if we have to pay for it. Only with such a mindset can we overcome this world. If not, no matter how responsible you are here, at some point, you will be swallowed by the barrier of death and perish. You must understand that you are always at the peak of the struggle, wondering, 'Will I succeed or fail?' as you navigate the world of death. 

We must become a Unification Church that flies straight towards the true purpose.
Now, are you on this path because you can't do anything else, or because you like it? "Because I like it." Really? "Yes." So, have you never complained since joining the Unification Church? Hmm? "Yes." You criticize this and that, saying, 'Oh, I don't like this, I like that,' right? It's good to do what you like. But you must also like what you dislike, even if it's medicine. 

You have to do both. (Laughter) Why? To survive death. 

Now, Reverend Moon has emerged as a controversial figure causing a stir in the world. If he collapses without overcoming the barrier of death in this world, where will he go? It will be even more miserable. 

So, how do we break through the barrier of life and death in America? That's the problem. If Reverend Moon's arrow is surrounded by America, it must break through. No matter what struggle it takes, it must break through. Next is Moscow! We will break through Moscow! Then we will break through hell! The plan is set. What will we do next? After that, we will save Africa. Then we will go to save South America and developing countries. This plan is set. 

Who will we use? We must use the whites of advanced countries to save them. We must use advanced countries like America, Germany, and Japan. We must train them. Missionaries must love each other. They fight, thinking they are great because they have money. All missionaries must unite! They all think they are the center. We must break that center with the Unification ideology. 

The arrow of the Unification Church must pierce Japan, America, and Germany. It must pierce everything beyond that. What do you think? Do you think the Unification Church can do that? "Yes." 

Then, are you the flying arrow or the arrow that has been released? Which one are you? "The flying arrow." So, should the arrow of the Unification Church be noisy or quiet when it flies? 

Especially, the arrow of the Unification Church is the noisiest in the world. (Laughter) 

Is it quiet or noisy where Reverend Moon goes? "Noisy." It's the same. I am the big arrow, and you are the small arrows. You must also be noisy in your regions. You must create problems, more and more. People should say, 'You are different. You are fierce. You are scary. Wow! You are fierce for good deeds. You have the confidence to do anything.' 

How about it? You have a characteristic, a characteristic. You have something. When you question the leader or the person in charge, no one can do as they please. You give advice when things go wrong. Is that right? "Yes." 

Are you a noisy arrow flying in the right direction? What kind of arrow are you? "Noisy." Noisy and straight towards the goal. Everyone wants such an arrow. Understand? The world has lost its purpose. You can't find any purpose. That's why we must become such noisy arrows. Even jumbo jets make a sound when they fly, spreading their wings and going. How cool is that? How high and beautiful is it? Is that right? "Yes." Even if you are stuck working, your mind must fly. 

When I look at Henry Master, I wonder, 'At his age, is it better to work here at Belvedere than when he was building ships? Does he have a flying mind, having left his castle to work here?' No one recognizes him. But one day, he will fly high. So, how is it now? Is it low or high? "High." (Laughter) Really? Wonderful! So, how is the direction compared to the beginning? Higher, and the direction... You must work harder in America than in England. You must work harder in Africa than in America, even at an old age, until you die. 

Who is that? Takeuchi, at 70, has done all the design work, but if he doesn't use it, what will he do? 'Ah, I will work again,' he says. If he says, 'I will dig the tunnel in Japan,' how cool is that? How cool is it to dig a tunnel? 

You should think like that, but what are you doing now? 'Oh, my living! Oh, my wife...' Is that what you're doing? (Laughter) My husband, my wife, my situation... Can you do that? "No." (Laughter) While flying, will you say, 'Oh, is my wife coming?' Will you say, 'Oh, where are my children going?' 

To overcome death, there must be no boundaries.
Even when coming down, if you don't hit the target, no matter how much you fly, it's a loss. You must know that. Many arrows fly, but it's not easy to hit the target. How much sincerity, how accurate the direction, how high the altitude... 

The target for entering heaven, is it like a target shot from 10 feet away? How about it? The target for entering heaven, is it like a target shot from 10 meters away, or 100 meters away? Is it a target from 1,000 meters or tens of thousands of meters away? "From a long distance." How long is that? 

God has been shooting for 800,000 years, assuming human history is 800,000 years, and still hasn't hit it. Still hasn't hit it. How about you? Do you think the arrow you shoot will hit? Think about it. 

Wherever we go, to overcome death... The path Reverend Moon takes is to overcome everything. It's a path to digest and overcome everything in Satan's world. We must break through. 

Is it hard for you? Is it hard when you think like this? There's Reiner and Barbara. What did you come to do from Germany? I brought you here to make you suffer. How is it? 'I'm suffering because of the teacher. I don't like it! I wanted to stay in Germany, why did you call me?' Is that what you're saying? "No." I know well. (Laughter) There are no boundaries in our hearts. Think about God. There are no boundaries in God's heart. That's why God can go anywhere. If God wants to go to heaven, He goes to heaven. If God wants to go to hell, He can go to hell. He can go anywhere. It means there are no boundaries in God's heart. Do you understand? "Yes." 

In your hearts, there are all sorts of boundaries. 'I don't like this. I like that. This, that...' It means you have a self-centered heaven in your heart. The original heaven doesn't want that. The original heaven is different from what you think. Do you understand? 

It's the same for the teacher. There are no boundaries. I go anywhere. I go to prison, I go to heaven. I'm not afraid of prison. Understand? There are no boundaries. That's liberation. 

Before you die, you must go the path of saving the world.
Knowing that, the people gathered here, those attending this official meeting, have a great responsibility. You're not here to sightsee. 

Where will you stay, will you cross it, will you fall into a valley and rot away? You decide that. You must want to fly away quickly. You must think, 'I must quickly pass through America and go to save the world.' You must hurry. 

To do that, you must at least pray. 'God, I'm trying to break through the world's barrier of death, but I can only do so much, so please pass this on to my children.' You must at least pray like that. You shouldn't be a trivial person saying, 'Oh, I wanted this but couldn't go or move, I'm sorry. God, help me!' You should pray, 'If you let me live another 10 years, I will do it. In 10 years, I will try my best day and night.' Can you pray like that while playing? You must work hard and pray, 'God, without me, the world will perish, so let me live another 10 or 20 years.' That's okay. Even Satan will be impressed. God will like it the most. It's possible in such a place. That's how God will take an interest. 

Now, will you pray like that? What will you do when you die? You will die anyway. You will die. Do you know when you will die? Do you know if you will die while going now? Do you know when you will have a car accident and fly away? Do you die in order, by age? Do you die by age order? 

What will you do when you die? The teacher told you to do home church so earnestly, but if you die without even thinking about it or going there, what will you do? 'Oh, I'm ready now, so if you let me live, I will do home church.' Will that work? It won't work. 'I will work harder than before and save more poor people, so please don't let me die.' That will work. 

*Think about the coffin of death, how is it? You will try not to go in. (Laughter) It's official. You can't avoid it. You must think about that undeniable fact. You never know when the end of your life will come. (*Spoken in English) 

The teacher thinks about that... That's why I'm in a hurry. In three and a half years in America, I turned America upside down, and in 10 years, I made such a reputation. Why did I do that? I'm busy, I'm busy. It's a problem for the world. Sending missionaries and making a fuss, what's with CARP activities, and fighting communism... 

Then why not stay still, why make the Washington Times, hold Madison Square Garden rallies, Yankee Stadium rallies, and Washington rallies, causing such a fuss? The communists say, 'Oh, what's with CARP activities!' but we must fight communism. Why fight communism? Also, why keep saying America is going to perish while following around? 'America is doing well. Haha! It's doing well,' like the Chinese. 

You are the same. When the teacher came to America and said America was going to perish, you felt bad at first, 10 years ago? Not now, but back then. You looked at it strangely. American members thought that way. *'The teacher says that because he doesn't know America. Why would America perish? We won't perish. The teacher says that because he doesn't know.' That was 10 years ago. Let's think about you today. How is it now? All members know. 'That was right! America is perishing now,' they say. (*Spoken in English) Similarly, this is a serious talk about death... Serious talks are never forgotten. You can't forget them. 

You must unite with God, the center of everything, to survive.
You must understand that you have a significant responsibility to solve all issues, from personal love issues to family, social, national, and world issues, centered on God. You must understand that this is between God and you. Do you understand? Do you understand what I'm saying? Between God and you, from personal issues to family, tribal, national, and world issues are connected, and even love issues are involved. 

So, when did you solve that? In your lifetime, you want to solve that, right? You want to solve it, but you haven't solved it yet. That's why your situation is very serious. 

So, are you saying to your husband, 'Let's solve our family issues together,' 'Okay!' Are you doing that? Are you saying, 'Our family issues are okay, everything is okay'? "No." Then you must sacrifice for each other. You must try to sacrifice for him. You must try to sacrifice for each other. You clash when you say, 'Do it for me.' You must do it for the whole. 

It's the same for the country. The people shouldn't say, 'Oh, help us from the White House!' They should say, 'Let's help the White House.' How can the president do everything alone? Can the president do it alone? The center is where the whole cooperates and unites, not just the center itself. The center is possible when it is completely united with the center. Isn't that right? 

It's the same for you here. You must be completely united with the teacher. You shouldn't say, 'The teacher must help us!' Nowadays, Unification Church members say, 'Oh, a responsible person who gets money from the teacher is a good leader, and one who doesn't is a bad leader.' No! It's the opposite! That's what I think. 

Look. American leaders try to get money from me, while Japanese leaders try to earn money. Which is better? "Earning money." That's the natural order, the natural order. If you're not united with the center, you're all dying. A branch that is not united with the center is dying. Understand? Isn't that right? If you're completely united, it works. That's the natural order. 

But the Unification Church complains about this and that, saying, 'I don't like the center,' and makes a fuss. All centers, family centers are God, national centers are God, world centers are God, and the universe center is God. How wonderful is that? If God is an absolute and principled center, it cannot perish. That's a serious issue. Without a center, you die. You die if you're not careful. 

If you follow the path the teacher talked about, no matter how difficult the path, it will open up. But if you follow your thoughts, no matter how good it seems, it will be blocked. If you try to turn back, you can't go. The teacher is the same. The teacher doesn't go his way but tries to go centered on God. You must understand that. You don't know, so you must follow the teacher. 

If God is the root, the teacher is the trunk, and you are the branches and leaves. You can think that way. The branch... The trunk and leaf are different, but can the trunk say, 'Hey, I'm different from the leaf, so you're not me'? That difference is itself. For the trunk to live, the leaf must live. Right? That's why the very tip of the leaf and the very end of the root must be alive and moving for the trunk and branches to live. The end of the root and the end of the leaf must be alive. That's how it lives. 

Then, God is alive and moving to extend infinitely, so are you also active, extending your branches infinitely? The individual must do well, the individual. The cells must be active. Right? Are you alive and moving 24 hours a day? 

You must seek more difficult places to work to develop.
You, who were in Portugal, are here too. Isn't it frustrating to sit here and do nothing? So, do you think it would be nice to go back to Portugal? "I would like to go somewhere else." Go somewhere else. You must pass through Portugal and fly to another place. How about it? How about the satellite countries? Spy? Underground movement? Do you dislike that? (Laughter) "I've thought about it." That's not good. You must do it. Just thinking about it is not enough; you must decide. If you leave Portugal, you must go to a more difficult place. If you leave Portugal and go to an easier place, you won't develop. You must go to a more difficult place, a more difficult place. 

In the world, too, moving from section chief to department head, from department head to division head is not success. It's going to a more difficult place. If you think it's easy, you'll all be kicked out. You must go to a more difficult place. Is that right or wrong? "It's right." 

That's why I, Reverend Moon, don't intend to live in America. Moscow! I'm thinking about Moscow, Moscow. That's why I'm preparing to mobilize economists, the summit club, lawyers, and media organizations to go there. Do you know that media people recently went to the Soviet Union? "Yes." Some of you might not know that. Also, do you know what the teacher is doing now? What he's doing... Going here and there, pretending to play... (Laughter) I could do that, but I'm not doing it. 

You say, 'Oh, the Unification Church is the same as it was 10 years ago,' but it's not the same. You don't do anything, you're not related to anyone, so you think it's the same as 10 years ago or 10 years later. (Laughter) Today, I got a call from Mr. Park, and he said the whole of Honduras, Central America, is completely turned upside down. 

Now, in America, the Unification Church members, the Moonies, will come and ask for help. Who will you send? Will you send people who are playing, like grasshoppers dancing, or people like ants? Who will you send? "Ants." (Laughter) *Do you like ants? "Yes." Ants work very hard. They work so hard that their waists are slim. (Laughter) You like slim waists, right? "Yes." If you work hard, it becomes like that. "Yes." Many young Americans are like grasshoppers. They sing, dance, joke, laugh... Most of them are like that. I haven't seen any young Americans working like ants. I know well. (*Spoken in English) So, I can't send Americans. I'm thinking of sending Japanese people. 

How about you, Reiner? How about it? Who is more tenacious, bringing Japanese people to work or bringing Germans? From your experience. "Mostly Japanese people..." (Laughter) See, the German leader says that, so it's certain. If you ask the British leader, they will say Japanese people, if you ask the American leader, here Dust, where is Dust, Fry? "He went to meet the newspaper president." If you ask Dust, he will say Japanese people are needed. What can you do about it? It's not that I like Japanese people. It's just the truth. 

Look. Japan developed so much in 30 years after the war, working 24 hours a day without sleeping. Understand? On a destroyed foundation... What took the West 400 years to build, Japan did in less than 30 years. It took 20 years. So, did they play, or did they work like ants? "They must have worked like ants." 

Nowadays, they say, 'Oh, we lost to the Japanese!' (Laughter) It's inevitable. If there's a hard-working person and a playing person, the playing person will inevitably lose. That's a rule. If you don't lose, then all truth is a lie. You must understand that. It's the same for the Unification Church. It means we must work harder. That's the truth. That's the path of truth. That's normal. 

Be prepared to die for God and the world.
How about it, everyone? Is it good or bad for me to work hard? For the purpose, you must be prepared to die. Overcome death and go. You are a scary person. You are determined to overcome death and go. You are a scary person. In this world of death, in the world of the barrier of death, if you are not determined to overcome death and go, you cannot leave or walk the path of world history. 

In the past, Roman Christians died to believe and be saved, but no one said they would die to save Rome. However, Jesus' death was to save Rome. It's different. That's different. 

What will you choose? Will you be martyred to be saved, or will you be martyred to save the world? Which one? "I will be martyred to save the world." We must choose that. You must know that those who were martyred for their salvation cannot go to a good place. 

God's purpose is completely different from the intentions of such martyrs. God's purpose is not in such small things but in saving the world. If the motto is to save the world, how much praise will God give? If you think, 'By saving America, I will be saved,' how wonderful is that? You must know that there is such a principle. 

The faith of established churches is to abandon America and be saved. To abandon the world and be saved. There is no such salvation. Even when donating, it should be to send the world to heaven, not just for your salvation. 

Then, when the world is saved, how will the saved world treat you? Will it say, 'Go to hell,' or will it say, 'Let's take this person with us'? Think about it.
How wonderful would it be if you said, "I will die for America. I will face death for America. I will die to save America"? If you say, "I will fight against evil to save America and destroy the roots of America's sins," how manly is that? How wonderful is that? If you're going to die once anyway, make up your mind.... Since you're going to die anyway, since you're going to live and then die, if death is a given, say, "I will die for America and to save the world." You need to know how rewarding that is. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes."

Why do Unification Church members like the teacher after meeting him? If they say, "I love him because he loves America and wants to save the world, and I want to join him," how wonderful is that? If they say, "I respect him to join him," how wonderful is that? You might think, "I just focus on what he teaches me.... Because I learned something..." but that's not it. In that sense, if you say, "As a center trying to save the world, I love the teacher and listen to his commands to join him in doing that work, and I walk a difficult path," how wonderful is that? If you say, "I respect him because he teaches good things," how petty is that? If you say, "He taught me the path to die for the world and for God," how wonderful is that? Think about respecting and loving the teacher in that way. Such a concept is precious. You need to think that way.

Moonies are volunteers participating for the liberation of God and the world.

Yes, even when visiting children on their birthdays to celebrate, it's the same. If you say, "I attend to become a great person and be a model and pride in front of the teacher's children, so they can become even greater," how wonderful is that? If you just say, "I came to celebrate a birthday," how petty is that?

Now, if you celebrated a birthday and died fighting against communism centered on world issues, those children would say, "Ah! He came to celebrate a birthday, but he was a great person who could walk the path of death for the world!" How wonderful is it to attend as such a person?

If you work at a newspaper and say, "I am positioned as a journalist who can die for the liberation of the world and God through the teacher's teachings," how amazing is that?

Even Mr. Woo, selling ginseng drink.... The ginseng drink is not for personal profit. It's to create an economic foundation for the world and liberate humanity. If you say, "Even if I sacrifice myself and my family, even if I die, even if my family dies, let's help the world," how wonderful is that? You need to think about that. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes."

You should work with such an ideology in each field, in each field.

It would be great if there were ten million people like the teacher, but there aren't ten million people like the teacher. Since there's only one person, you should receive teachings and have the conviction to become a volunteer who can dedicate your life for the world and break through the wall of death as a substitute for ten million people. In various fields.... Volunteers participating for the liberation of the world and God. On the battlefield, even if you get shot and die, you should be able to go with hope and shout for victory in the future. There, the valley of death will all collapse. What should I say, the peak of death, I mean.

So, where will you die? Where will you die? Where will you die? That's a serious issue. Where will you die? Living 24 hours just to eat, educating your children.... That might be necessary. If you live for the country and the world, the world and the country will solve your problems. Even if your children suffer, they will never fail. Your descendants will surely receive global blessings.

I'll tell you what my father said when I was young. Among relatives, there was a smart and cunning person. He tried to transfer our property to his name. A big problem would arise.... So my father said, "All truths cannot be moved by small tricks. What is true is not governed by tricks, small tricks, but by the center of righteousness. Such things will be revealed in a few years." He stayed like that. Maybe that's why someone like the teacher was born in such a family.

In our house, until now, in all eight provinces—when I say eight provinces, I mean the whole country—no matter what, if someone was hungry, they were fed a lot, and if someone came without clothes and asked, they were told to give even your father's underwear. That's what my grandfather said. Our house was like a hotel that didn't charge money, usually with ten people.... There was never a time without guests. Everyone who passed by to get something to eat came to our house. So my mother would cook breakfast for those who were going on a long journey. She did that all her life.

American women would have run away in less than three days. (Laughter) All their life, all their life.... It's a really good thing to respect grandparents and ancestors. Respect them, and try to educate the children like that. The teacher, too, learned all those thoughts from his mother.

That's why I feed the people of the world. In Korea, our house fed Koreans, and now our church is trying to feed the people of the world. Isn't that right? It's not that you are doing it, but the teacher is doing it. (Laughter) Feeding, clothing, everything.... Someday, I should buy a house. I will buy a house and give it to the global family members. That's what I'm thinking. I don't think about building a house for my children.

In 1974, I prepared centers in all 50 states, but they were sold off and not managed.... How could that be? They should have managed them more diligently, but American young people didn't like that. "The teacher bought it, so the teacher should also provide the management fee and money," they said. How wonderful is that? (Laughter) That's the American way.

You need to wake up. We will die once anyway, we will die. The teacher is now already 65 years old.... In American age, it's 64, but at 65, it's time to retire, which is now tomorrow or the day after. It's already like that. It's that fast. All my life, just being persecuted, all my life, wherever I went, being pointed at and cursed....

God is exactly like that. An innocent person has to hide like a sinner and live in the shadows. The teacher has always lived in the shadows. You know shadows, right? That's what God is. You too, right? Moonies are living in the shadows now. Isn't that right? You don't like the word Moonie, do you? "Yes" (Laughter) The word Moonie is a good word. *The word Moonie means "a person of Moon." Then where did Moonie come from? From Father! So Moonie means the son of Father, the people of Father. Do you like the people of Father? "Yes" That's why the name Moonie is a great name. You should be proud of that name. Those who like Moonies like Father. That's a fact. Don't you like me? "We like you" That's what Moonie is. (*From here, spoken in English)

The greatest happiness is to collapse and die from exhaustion while working for the world.

Now, everyone, the teacher is a person with talent in many fields. Do you know that? "Yes" Even in our newspaper, the teacher coached everything about layout. The Washington Times, News World, in that aspect too, are topics of the world. A person who can do anything if he tries. That's why he can do various things.

The teacher has a big head, doesn't he? From the side, it's quite big, isn't it? (Laughter) It's quite big, right? So it means there is a lot of brain source. (Laughter) So even when buying a hat, I have to buy the biggest one in America for it to fit. (Laughter) In the East, there is no hat that fits my head. Here in the West, there is, because it's so big. (Laughter)

To support such a head, the teacher's body is different from a normal body. It's a bit different. (Laughter) Normally 200 pounds! At least 200 pounds. Even now, it's 220 pounds, 220 pounds. It's heavier than a normal person. It's 40 pounds more. Even when I was in prison, it was about 180, about 185 to 190 pounds. So, normally, 200 pounds.... Even though they say I'm fat, that's normal. (Laughter)

Also, if you look at the feet, if you compare the teacher's feet with American people's feet, how small are they? They're small. With such a big weight, how dangerous are these small feet? So I love my feet. (Laughter) That's why I think, "You are feet that will go to heaven." I think, "You, feet, are excellent." (Laughter) The feet say, "Ah, I, small feet, bear such a big weight, this hardship will reach heaven."

Now, look at the teacher's hands. How small are they? With these hands, how much work do they do? So I think, "The hands will boast in front of God in heaven." How wonderful is that?

*Also, eyes! (Laughter) How much do they observe? Always observing to get many things the teacher needs. (Laughter) So they suffer a lot. (*From here, spoken in English) Also, the ears try to hear sounds that others can't hear. Also, the mind, trying to explore truths that others don't know.... Isn't the teacher's speech interesting? "Yes" (Laughter) Listening to the teacher's words, you become engrossed without realizing the time passing, if I were to speak fluently in English, how would it be? Even using an interpreter, I'm speaking like this, how would it be? Also, how deeply have I thought.... How much have I thought?

In that sense, I think, "Ah, my body won't be ashamed in front of God." (Laughter) Also, with this body, how much have I been tortured for public issues.... Being electrocuted.... So the teacher has such pride. Do you understand?

The teacher is also good at sports. He's a wrestling champion. Even now, wherever I go, kicking! Lifting one or two people is normal. (Laughter) Now, having suffered a lot, being cursed a lot, having thought a lot.... Doesn't it seem like that? So, wouldn't the teacher's heart have felt pain? How was it? It's more sensitive. It's tens of times more sensitive than you. But knowing that God, who is hundreds or thousands of times more sensitive than I am, is enduring, I endure for him. How about you? You should stand in the same position as the teacher.

If I collapse from exhaustion while working for the world, you should stand in the same position. That is the path of happiness. That is the happiest path. It's a happy death. Do you understand? It's the happiest thing. The teacher doesn't think about dying lying down. I'm going like this.... Going until I collapse, using all my strength. That's what I'm thinking. I don't want to leave words I want to say, or energy I can still use. I want to exhaust everything and go. That's why the teacher has lived without a vacation all his life. Continuously. But I'm not exhausted.

Working for home church is the path for God and the world.

Now, all animals and plants were born for humans, and humans were born for God. You need to know this. That's why humans eat cows and horses, and eat plants. Similarly, God can eat you. (Laughter) That's natural. So you shouldn't say you'll die for yourself. Do you understand? "Yes" You're going to die anyway, anyway.

The teacher has been serious about the issue of death since childhood. He was serious about the issue of death. Knowing that heaven exists and exploring how the world is, he decided, "I will go this way. This is the official path." You need to know that this is the path of the Unification Church.

Now, having been persecuted all my life, having thought all my life, what thoughts wouldn't I have had? Even in serious situations, in difficult situations, in painful situations, I've come through all of them. I didn't block countless enemies with guns and knives. I came through concrete operations behind the scenes.

So, thinking of living a comfortable life is wrong. The thoughts of someone who will become a general and someone who will become a private should be different from the start. They are different.

Rainer, how old are you now? "Still young." Still young? Barbara, do you think you are supporting Rainer well, or not.... Do you understand? So let's make a decision now. Since we're already bodies that will die, let's die for the world and God. How about that? If you go that way, you will surely go to heaven. You will become citizens of the kingdom of heaven. However, if not, you need to know that the wall of death remains even in the spirit world. It remains in the spirit world. What that means is that it becomes hell. The wall becomes hundreds of times more difficult.

Because the teacher knows this for sure, he has been trying to firmly establish it throughout his life.... The third seven-year course ended in 1976. It's a four-year reduction, a four and a half, five-year reduction. Do you understand what that means? "Yes" So those who prepare, prepare, don't fail.

Also, how great is the word home church in our Unification Church? It has already abolished all the borders of the world. You need to know that. It's about doing it on the basis of having abolished it. You can only do home church after abolishing the wall of death, the wall of death. Do you understand?

How precious is home church? You need to know how precious it is that you can have home church. Now, wherever you die, you stand in a position where you can go to heaven. There is a path here where you can work for the world and for God. What is home church for? "For the world and for God." How wonderful is home church for fallen humans?

Now, let's die for home church! Then it's all over. Let's live for home church all our lives! It won't take many years. When Moonies say it's good, everything unfolds in an instant.

With the ideology of home church, in the communist bloc and everywhere, underground movements are being organized for 360 days. Think about it. How wide is the world? Now, the satanic world has ignored countries, sovereignties, and borders. It was established on the basis of ignoring borders and countries. Do you understand? That's why everything in the world is within it....

Tithing for God and the world.

Now, even in Africa, we have blessed families, right? Our white people can go to Africa and stay at their house, and they can go and stay freely. They can go and eat and work together for a week, and they can sleep together for up to 40 days. If the owner works, they work together, planning for the future, living like it's their own home. Even if someone only knows office work, when they go to a farm, they have to dig the ground and do everything. *That's true.

I can do everything. When I go to the fields, I become a farmer, when I go to the sea, I become a fisherman, and when I go to the office, I become an office worker. I can do everything. I've learned everything. If I go to where beggars live, I will play the beggar game. No problem. How about that? "It's good" (Laughter) It's a great thing. (*From here, spoken in English)

Why is that? You need to think like that in the future. "When I go to Africa, when I go to the countryside, I should teach farming." Wherever you go in the world, you should transcend your class, and when you stay at someone's house, you should work until your bones stick out. You should work to experience the hardships of farmers who have suffered for decades, to understand that, standing in the position of parents. How wonderful is that? With the heart of parents....

Blessed families should travel around the world once to experience all those emotions. You should stand in the position of parents and experience how much they suffer, as if they were your own children. I know all that because I've experienced it. To do that, you have to work harder than them. Do you understand? Then all the family members will like you. All the blessed families in the world will welcome you. "Come to our house!" they will say. Think about it. How wonderful is that?

You all have trinities, right? I made that for you.

So, you should send cards to celebrate birthdays across the world's borders, teach if they can't study, and do everything. Like three brothers.... The trinity becomes brothers of the world. So now, what it means is that borders are unnecessary, and sovereignty is unnecessary.

Now, knowing that, since you've decided to die for God and the world anyway, you should run for that path. Time is urgent. So, will you decide to die? "Yes" Not for your wives, not for your husbands. Not for your children.

Therefore, in our Unification Church, it's not a tithe, but a three-tenth offering that is being done in Korea. One for God, one for the world, and one for their country, all of them.

Then, in the future, there will be no taxes, no taxes. (Laughter) The tax problem in America will disappear. How convenient will that be? You shouldn't cheat on that. You have to offer 30 percent as a donation throughout your life. Discuss it with your husband, wife, and children. You give 30 percent of everything you earn for God, the country, and the world. Even if you cheat once, you'll get caught.

So, you should think that there are no boundaries now. We need to know that sovereignty is not two. It's neither democracy nor communism, it's one. God is the center. Anything else here that has adverse effects will be sorted out by my hand. So, what, with force? With the power of love! Armed with the power of love.... Armed with the power of love? That's a strange phrase. (Laughing while speaking)

However, as long as Satan has power, as long as Satan has force, we also need to prepare force. If Satan is superior, he will invade at any time, so we need to prepare force to defend against that. We must not lose. So why does a country like America, the Reagan administration, lose to the Soviet Union in terms of force? Absolute goodness does not strike first. To defend....

The strongest army is needed for the construction of the world of goodness.

Now, how about Unification Church members practicing military exercises? When God sees Satan's army, when he sees the Soviet army being dignified, wouldn't he want to have an army? Wouldn't he want to have an army? "Yes" No, no! "Yes" I don't know. (Laughter) That Hitler army, the Nazi party! How strong were the SS members back then? When God saw that Hitler's army on Satan's side, wouldn't he have thought, "Ah, I wish I had a stronger good army than that"? "He probably did."

Then it means God needs guns, does God need guns? Among guns, there are good guns and bad guns. Isn't that right? The guns that American police carry, are they good guns or bad guns? "Good guns" Bad guns! "Good guns" Why are they good guns? Because they are for protecting the whole. When going to a pride of lions, the gun becomes a good gun. (Laughter) When used for protection, it becomes a good gun. Do you understand what I'm saying?

Now, in the Old Testament, did God say to fight or not to fight? "He said to fight." King Saul, after winning the war, was told to kill all the men and leave only the women and children, but he didn't, and he was punished for that, do you know that? "Yes" Why do you think that was? Because if you leave Satan's men, the satanic world will invade again, so he was told to do that. If Satan's men are there, they take their wives and continue that play, so the system remains, but if you cut off the lineage, the babies and wives belong to God's side, so the system disappears, that's why he was told to do that. Because he didn't, the foreign gods were worshipped, and all the lewd customs of foreigners came in and invaded the kingdom of heaven, so Saul was punished.

Therefore, you must always clearly understand the distinction between good and evil. Good and evil are terms used concerning the country and the world, not concerning individuals. Heaven sees it that way. To protect the spiritual and physical worlds, anything that hinders it should be removed, that is good.

Would God think it would be good to train Unification Church believers like a strong army of the world? "He would" So how good would it be to build the world with the strongest army? How about it?

How about us digging the international highway tunnel? How about making the international highway? If we could borrow soldiers from all over the world for about five years, we could make the international highway beautifully all over the world within five years.... No problem. In that sense, I see the need for an army.

We need to create a heavenly army of women that can surpass the satanic world army.

Why do we need an army? The army is set up so that they can't complain even if they are moved at will. Whether they are told to go to the North Pole or the South Pole, they can't say they don't like it, and even if they are taken without being told where they are going, they can't complain. (Laughter) They can't say anything, wherever they are taken, they have to say yes. That's how it is. Only the highest commander knows, not the lieutenant general, major general, captain, lieutenant, or second lieutenant. Even if they say, "Oh, this is our enemy. Let's protest!" it's not set up that way. That's wonderful. What is personal circumstance? (Laughter) Isn't that wonderful?

Especially these young Americans, young women are ababababa.... American women talk too much. (Laughter) So American women protest and shout, "Hey! Cuba
What is this? Is it Castro (Fidel Castro) or castella? I don't know. American food is castella. Well, castella is Castro's cousin, and since women eat castella the best, they like it the most, so they say, 'I can eat you up. Hey, you rascal! If you don't listen to women, I'll kill you.' How about that? (Laughter) Women like castella the most, don't they? (Laughter) Castella means the prime minister of Cuba. (Laughter) Since women like castella the most, if a female army commands to eat Castro of Cuba and makes him retreat, wouldn't that be great? How about that? Do you like it? "Yes."

That's why the teacher has a shipyard. There, they will make warships and submarines. Why can't they do it? Only American women will be on this ship. (Laughter) How about that? "Very good."

So, if it's for God and the world, what's wrong with that? If it's a good army that can serve God and the world, wouldn't that be great? You need to know that women should be trained to surpass all the armies of the satanic world as women of the heavenly world. (Laughter) *Why? Because men are in the position of Satan. Do you understand? So, women on the heavenly side must control the satanic side. Satan is an archangel. Why did men fall? Because of the archangel. Who started the fall? "Woman." Woman! That's a fact. That's why we have to go through the course of indemnity. The course of indemnity is a reverse course. Do you understand? So, women must control the archangel world. That's the principle view. Do you understand? That's why the teacher thinks he should train women more than the satanic world army. How about that? I'm asking the women. How about it? "Good." How about the American women here? No, yes? "Yes." (*From here, speaking in English) Men should just watch. (Laughter) And when we win, they can applaud. How about that? (Laughter)

In Korean, 'Hawa' means 'come after working,' and 'Adam' can mean 'Ah, he built many walls.' So, to restore Adam, women, Hawa, must tear them down. Then, you might think, 'Oh! The teacher is trying to train an army!' But maybe God wants that too. Think about it.

Even if the teacher doesn't say such things and says he doesn't like it, how about doing it among women? How about doing it among women? Without the teacher.

In America, they play American football. Is there a women's football team among the teams? "No, there isn't." Why not? (Laughter) I think I should make one. (Laughter) Why? To fight against men. This time, if a Mooney woman becomes a champion in American football, how about that? (Laughter) At that time, if they all have a 5th dan in karate and kick and roll them over, they can do it. I can train them. If you really ask me to train you, I can make it happen. (Laughter)

Then, what kind of evangelism would we do worldwide? There's no need for evangelism. 'Hey, Mooney women number one!' Then it's all done. (Laughter) Even home church is all resolved, home church. How about it? What do you think, American women? (Laughter) Why are you laughing? "It's cool." Ah, if you want to claim equality, you should do that, if you want to claim equality. (Laughter) Equality is not something you claim only when it's disadvantageous. You have to claim it all the time.

Think about it. If you look closely, God might want to have an army that can make men afraid by training women because men have done it in the satanic world. He might think that. At that time, because the chest is big and it hinders running, you just bind it. You bind it. How about that? (Laughter) Why? If it can quickly achieve the Kingdom of Heaven, you should do it too.

Before I say such things, if you are someone who is willing to die for the world and for heaven, what's the problem with being in the army? Do you understand what I'm saying? If God needs an army, I will become a soldier, and if He commands me to go to the battlefield, I will go. I might get shot and die, or I might shoot. How about that?

For the greater good, sacrificing the lesser is justice.

In Western terms, a duel! If one of the two dies in a fight, will they go to the spirit world and seek revenge? How about that? "Yes" (Laughing) Yes? If they agreed to settle everything among themselves, will they seek revenge? It ends here. In the spirit world, you can't seek revenge. In a soccer match, if there are two teams fighting and one loses, can they seek revenge? "No." No! It's already understood under a contract. Even in a duel, there's a person in charge, right? A third party is set up.

Then, in the Kingdom of Heaven, there won't be any sports? No police either? Then, of course, there won't be any shooting with guns? How about it? Will you eat animals? Will you just close your mouth and eat nothing? Will you live by drinking only water and eating only air? (Laughter) If so, pull out all your teeth and live. (Laughter) It's already made to be eaten. That's how it is.

For the greater good, sacrificing the lesser is justice. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." That's why a nation requires its people to go to war, even if their family, wife, children, and parents don't like it. When they are drafted, they have to go. When they are selected for the army, even if their family, wife, children, and parents don't like it, they can't complain. What that means is that for the country, even if it's America, you can't complain about being drafted, and for the world, you can't complain about mobilizing the American army or the German army. It's the same logic.

There is no army that can be mobilized for the world right now. How about that? Can the American army be mobilized for the world? No! So, where is the army that can be mobilized for the world? "Mooney army." Mooney can do it, if it's American Mooney. It's for the world. Have you thought about that? Is there such a heavenly army, God's army, that can be mobilized beyond the world by God's command?

A heavenly army must emerge to defend the world from communism.

Now, if God exists, do you think it's good or bad to create God's army that can be mobilized for the world? If there is a movement to prepare for that, do you think God would see it as good or bad? "Good." So, do you want to be an American army or an army for the world? "Army of the world." Where is that? 

*Where is the Army of the world? "Here." Here? You are not trained, are you? Who organizes it? The teacher doesn't want to do that. Who does it? Does God do it? Who does it? Men don't like becoming soldiers. How about women? Some people might like becoming soldiers. That's why God is organizing God's army. How about that? If God commands women to become an army for the world, how about that? How about American women becoming an army for the world? Do you like it? "Yes." Is it 'yes' or 'no'? "Yes." 'Why does God choose me instead of men? We women are weak, and men are strong, but I don't understand why God chooses weak women.' You might think that.

Historically, many male soldiers have died. I think about that. Now, in this era, I want to create a strong female army for the world. How about that? "Good." (Laughter) Is it good or God? Which one is it? Good is double God. That's good. Good is double God. (Laughter)

Think about it. Who can create soldiers of the world? Isn't God creating such soldiers? Why? Because God is spirit.

So, humans cannot know or see God. Therefore, God ultimately works through humans. Through humans, such an army can be created. Is that certain? "Yes." No one in this world thinks about such issues. Only the teacher started to feel it first. He started to think about it. Do you understand?

Some members of the Unification Church might complain to me. 'The teacher is a dictator! The teacher has such qualities! That's why he is finally trying to create such an army,' they might complain. That's true. Think about it yourselves. The world needs such soldiers. Does the world truly need such soldiers? "Yes."

Who can stop the communist army? Who stops them? American soldiers? French soldiers? German soldiers? Think about it. This is a very serious issue for the world. Unification Church members might become such strong soldiers. Are they strong soldiers or weak soldiers? "Strong." Strong? I don't know, but Americans dislike Castro of Cuba. (Laughter) Then why can't they kick him out? A stronger army is needed.

What will you do? When communism attacks, what will you do? You can run away, right? Do you run away or defend? "We must defend." With what? With strength! First, with mental strength. Second? What's the second? "With physical strength." Physical strength! So, the teacher has been preparing for all of that. (*From here, speaking in English) Do you think the teacher has such skills? "Yes." He has such a foundation worldwide.

Well, do you think communists will just retreat? They will certainly retreat after a confrontation of good and evil and shedding blood. That's not what we want. Satan... So, we must prepare to eliminate war worldwide.

Until now, the religious world hasn't even thought about such things or dreamed of them. So, for religious people, there is a fight for the nation and a fight for the world. At that time, without religious people stepping forward, there is no way to save the world. If the enemy kills your husband and son and kills everyone... At the time of Jesus, even if they captured and killed his disciples, Jesus had no power. If Jesus had become the emperor of Rome, would he have used that army or not? If he had been in a position like Caesar, what would he have done? Even if there was an army, the direction would have changed, towards pioneering or construction... That's necessary for any country or army. Training for mobility! There's no training beyond military training for mobility. What do you think? "That's right."

In the future, America must train such an army centered on God to save the world. Without the thought of training the people, there's no way to stop the communists. Do you understand, you rascal? Where are you? "Ocean Church." If you're an Ocean Church member, which Ocean Church? "Wisconsin."

The teacher's head must be complicated, right? Think about it. Who will be the world's army? There's no one but Reverend Moon. Think about it. Is an army needed to defend the world or not? Answer me. "It's needed." Do you think an army that can make Cuba and communists unable to move is needed? Is it really needed? "Yes."

Let's become an army of justice to defend the world.

Where does it come from, where? It doesn't come from Christianity, and without a religious foundation with a global organization, there's no place to do it. Does Christianity do it? Does Buddhism do it? Does Confucianism do it? Which one does it? The Muslim army fights with guns and swords, but do Muslims fight for the world? They fight for their own Muslims. What do you think? What do you think?

So, if I say, 'Go somewhere and get guerrilla training,' will you receive guerrilla training? "Yes." Cuba sends guerrillas worldwide, doing all sorts of things, but why is the free world just sitting still? The Soviet Union orders the communists to do all sorts of things. So, is America a country of justice? If it's a country of justice, can it leave the communists alone? Can it leave terrorist groups alone? Can it leave them alone? Is that a country that claims justice? A country that protects the weak and the good side is a good country. We must think about such things. We must think about them.

In that sense, you all, whether women or men, must think seriously about it. Now, since we can't fight with guns, what should we train with? We must train with mental strength. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

I'm creating a martial arts dojo at the seminary and here at Belvedere. You probably don't know that. I'm involved with the top karate people in America. You don't know that, do you? I've already prepared for it. I made the dojo. I'm the sponsor. Here, I also created Oyama Karate. I'm friends with Sasakawa of Japanese Karate.

Why? For what? What is a religious leader trying to do? A heavenly army of justice is needed. We must be able to enter anywhere directly. Mafia groups learn it, and terrorists learn it, so to defend against them, there must be a greater good and just force. Do you understand what I'm saying? Do you understand? "Yes." An army is needed not for invasion but for protection. Do you understand what I mean? Don't misunderstand.

So, if we're going to die anyway, let's be prepared to die for the world. Amen or no-men? "Amen." (Laughter) The word 'amen' means number one man. A man! A is number one. I'm not saying this for no reason, so think carefully. Since we've decided to die for the world, we must become a construction team or soldiers, an army of justice to defend the world. The world needs such an army. Do you think so? "Yes." It's a natural conclusion. The world needs such an army, and God needs such an army. Do you understand? "Yes." That army is not for invasion but for defense. So, Rainer must do that in Germany. Mobile unit training is military training, special forces!

That's why the communists fear me. The U.S. State Department fears me too, right? Japan fears me, and Germany fears me. We must know that we are people the world fears. The world must know that Mooneys are people the world fears. So, we must be prepared for that and train inside and out.

When I fought against the communists in Japan, I created thirty-eight gun shops nationwide. Those gun shops could move hundreds of thousands of guns. Without such a threatening presence, it won't work against the communists. Just touch us! Just harm the Mooneys! We won't leave it alone! We'll mobilize everything, everything.

That's why they say, 'Dictator! Reverend Moon is a terrifying dictator in the world!' Such rumors spread. (Laughter) The Japanese army, the German army, and even the Soviet army train and pay salaries, but Reverend Moon makes them pay to train. (Laughter) How about that? It's a good idea, a good idea. To the enemy, it's a fearful idea.

America, the center of the free world, must fight for God and the world.

Now, think about how big the Unification Church will become in the future. With the Principle, the Principle worldview glasses on, everything is solved. Without it, think about how frustrating it would be. The whole world is turning according to what the teacher said.

Didn't I say that communism would collapse starting in 1978? Everything is going according to what the teacher said.

South America is saying, 'Reverend Moon! Take charge of South America,' but can it be done with nothing? That's what's happening. 'Reverend Moon, take charge of South America,' that's what's happening now. 'Please train our army, train our ministers, train every aspect,' they say. Do you know that we are educating the army? Then only those people do it, not you... (Recording briefly interrupted)

*America is the center of the free world. Once this foundation is established here, there is nothing that can't be done anywhere in the world. Everything can be solved. Economic issues, political issues, military power issues, all issues can be resolved. America is that important. That's why God blessed it as such a strong country. For whom? "The world." For the world and God. The purpose is clear. You all know it. European Protestants crossed the Atlantic. They crossed for the freedom of Protestantism. So, they united to form an army. Why did Protestants oppose England? Because England rejected Protestantism. So, Protestants crossed the Atlantic to America. They didn't need Catholic faith. New idealistic believers gathered. They opposed England centered on General Washington, and after winning, they built this great nation.

Therefore, this country is in the position of Abel. Europe is in the position of Cain. This country has accepted all European culture and civilization. That's why this country has become such a civilized nation. This country is Abel's country, a country built by God. Therefore, America is an important country in God's providence for the world. Do you understand? "Yes."

That's why Reverend Moon came. Why did Reverend Moon come to America? "To save America." Because I knew that point precisely. To establish a new foundation for America, a world foundation. I came here with that purpose, that responsibility.

All Americans opposed me. Including Jews, many religious people, many politicians, and economists opposed me for ten years continuously. That's why I stood in court. I'm still fighting. Who will win? Now God is on Reverend Moon's side, and Satan is on America's side. That's how the two are fighting, Reverend Moon versus America! That's the situation now.

Therefore, American members must make a decision. You must fight. You must fight for the world and for God. Do you understand? "Yes." With that mindset, there's nothing you can't do. You can go to the Soviet Union as a spy. You can go to Cuba. There's no problem. We can go anywhere for the world and for God. Do you like such a fight? "Yes."

The Unification Church is the only hope to save America from the path of destruction.

Among Americans here, no one is originally working for God's providence. If America cannot be established as a blessed nation, all the beauty of blessings will result in being taken by communism. Do you understand? Communism will occupy this country. Everything will be taken to Russia at once. It's terrifying.

That's why the teacher has been active for over ten years, but I've never had such a concept. No one can defend America from the terrifying communism. Only we, the few blessed Mooney members, only we Mooneys can bear that responsibility. This is a heavy burden for our soldiers, but no matter how difficult it is, we can do it. We can succeed. If not, the whole world will be attacked by communists. At that time, all religious people will be massacred. Think about such a miserable situation.

Who can stop this misery? Who in the world can stop it? No one in this world. Can any politician do it? In the whole world, only one person, Reverend Moon, is thinking about it. Only one person... I couldn't bear to tell you this. You don't believe me. "No, we do." Think about such a fact.

Who will save this world? Who can bear the responsibility for this world? No one has a global concept. Only a few Mooneys... God is saying to me, 'Help, help!' That means God is struggling with how to save the world. Saving the world is God's eternal hope and purpose. It's the same for Mooneys.

The teacher came to this country over ten years ago. After traveling through many states, I came to have this concept, America has no owner! There's no owner. That's why God cannot have ownership over America. However, God has blessed this country with everything, everything. By believing in Christianity, by looking down on Christianity... Until now, God has believed in established churches to save the world.

Now, God has abandoned all hope for established churches. I think so. That's why God cannot stay in this country. So, where can He go? Will He go to the Soviet Union? South Korea? Let's think about this again. A new path must be sought.

Therefore, God commanded, 'You pave a new way in America, for America. Pave a highway to save the world!' That's not easy. Everyone opposed me. All the people in this country persecuted me. From the beginning, I expected these things and stood up.
It was because God was with me that I have come this far. No matter how difficult the situation in America is, you must win. You must overcome such situations. You must do it for the sake of the teacher. No one has ever thought like that. Only the teacher has thought like that. No matter how difficult the situation was... That's how we have prepared until now. I have no choice but to prepare. Do you understand? God commands a new organization worldwide. Do you understand? "Yes." We must resolve for the world and God! In our generation...

Especially you, Unification Church members! You must be able to exert influence from a position of strength. Until now, you have only thought about yourselves. If you understand this concept, you must give up such thoughts, everything. At this stage, you must make some resolution. You must make a new resolution. Americans do not have such directionality, nor ideals. Where are Americans heading? They are on the path to destruction. God does not like America's current state. If the day comes when God decides to destroy this country, how miserable will America become?

This is the most important issue in America. How can we find God again? Where? Do you think you can find Him in Christianity? Or in some other religion? You cannot find God in any other religion in America. If there is only one place where hope can be found, it is the Unification Church with the Moonies. It is the only place with hope. The last remaining place is the Unification Church of the Moonies. Do you understand? "Yes." God thinks so. The teacher thinks so too.

From this perspective, when the teacher looks at you, there is no hope or purpose to be found in you. So what should you do? Should the path that started with Reverend Moon finally end? That is a serious problem. It is a more serious problem for God. You Moonie members must unite with the teacher for God's will. That is the problem that can be solved. Do you understand?

To live for the world and God, you must align with the providence. Ask yourselves, "Where am I going now?" Think clearly about where you are heading. "With whom am I living now? For what am I living?" What are you living for? From the perspective of providence, it becomes clear. It is for God. You must make a clear decision. For what will we die? "For God." Also, for the world. Not just for God. Not just for America. You die for America and God. Can you do that? "Yes." This is serious. What the teacher is talking about now is historical. You must not forget it. It is historical.

If American members cannot make such a decision, I cannot live here. I would have to go live somewhere else quietly. The teacher does not discuss with any American members. He only discusses with God. At one time, the teacher decided to live here in America for the promised path. However, the teacher could not find any American members who would gladly work together. At that time, the teacher wanted to leave America and went to the airport. Just bought a ticket... That is the path of providence. Reiner, do you understand? The teacher has long kept such a formula of truth. Think about it. Think about what would happen if the teacher were not here. How pitiful the Moonies would become. If the teacher were not living in this country but somewhere else, you would not be able to come to where the teacher is. If you want to come to me, some of you might be able to do so.

How is it? Have you made up your mind? "Yes." The problem lies with yourself. All problems depend on each of you. They are not with others. You must solve your own problems first. Only when your own problems are solved can you help others. Families, nations, the world... Unless your own problems are solved, such other problems cannot be solved. You will not be able to do anything. This is the truth. Therefore, you must think about yourselves. Have you made up your mind? Have you made up your mind? Have you made up your mind? "Yes."

You must become one. You must align with providence. There is no time. You must always be aligned. Only after making such a resolution can you make a new start. You have not made such a resolution. In a fallen state, you cannot exert influence on others. The teacher is the same.

When you lack ability, always pray to God. There will be times when you lack ability. That is not a problem. Trust in God and pray to Him. What should you do when you lack ability? "Pray." Pray! Pray to God. When we lack ability, we must always pray. "God, help me!" God stands on the side of the weak. There are no strong people on God's side, worldwide. That is why He chose you weak ones. The teacher knows that well.

Once you make up your mind, you can become stronger. That is why we pray. We pray seriously. We pray with tears. No one will do it for you. The teacher knows your situation well. You must make up your mind. For the world. You give up your life. That is serious.

In the beginning, the teacher's situation was the same as yours. There was no one to help. People only pointed fingers. Gradually, as I grew, I came to know the world, the spirit world, and God's situation... That was the teacher's situation.

Lonely God, lonely God! God always said to me. Many people have believed in God throughout human history, but they did not know God's lonely situation. Only Reverend Moon knew God's situation. Because the teacher knew God's situation, he willingly entered such miserable circumstances, willingly. Once he made up his mind, he had no doubts, no complaints... God is pitiful. God's situation is tearful. If you know this fact, anyone can rise. This is not just words but a fact. It is a fact prior to explanation. You must know such serious facts.

This is God's situation now. You are on God's side. Therefore, you must endure more persecution. Only then can you reach a certain realm. Many Moonies go out into the world and face persecution. Each time, you must return and pray. You must kneel in a quiet place and pray with tears. Then you will receive some strength from God. Therefore, praying a lot is important. Then...

People have three desires. One is eating, another is sleeping, and the next is? "Money." These are not as important as prayer.

Resolve to work for the world and God during your lifetime.

Here in East Garden, the teacher is lonely. There are no friends, no one to discuss with. No one. Sometimes I spend the whole day at the pool. Lost in thought... Spending day after day like that... That is the teacher's situation now. In two more years, I think it would be nice to take regular breaks.

Are you serious too? "Yes." How do you compare to the teacher? "Not as much." That is why you must train. You must have ambition. The teacher talked about ambition at Belvedere, focusing on Asians, Chinese, and Japanese people. The word ambition means to push forward. Americans do not have that.

Think about it. Unification Church members are trying to unify the world. How difficult must it be? Think about it. God is also in such a difficult situation throughout history. Think about God's situation. Think about trying to unify the world, with many different historical backgrounds and many different cultures. Think about it. How difficult must God's situation be? That is a fact.

Who can help such a God, who? You must help God. I must do it. At least each of you must say, "I will help God." That is what the teacher is trying to teach, that is my view.

If you just make such a resolution, everything will automatically follow. God leads me wherever. To high places, low places, anywhere... So, "I will keep doing that." It becomes like that. "I want to do more." You advance to the position where God helps. You must remember the teacher's words today. "Yes." You must make a serious decision. So if someone asks what you will do during your lifetime, you must say, "I will work for the world and God." It is clear. That is all. Think that you were born on this earth for that.

I do not guarantee my life myself. The teacher thinks he has nothing. He only practices for his purpose. That is my only purpose. That is the only purpose that can be guaranteed. It is simple. Such a life path is simple. Can you make a resolution here today? "Yes." Will you do that? "Yes." Too much time has passed. (*From here, the speech is in English.)

Any questions?

To help people overcome communism

Question: How can we help people overcome communism?

First, you must save them theoretically, with words. You must save them theoretically. To do that, you must teach them. And, we must quickly create an environment that surpasses the communist world.

If America, I mean America, is transformed with Moonism, the Unification Church ideology, will the communists come to America or not? Will they try to consume America, or will they come because they think America's ideology is better than their own communist ideology? Once they become Moonies, communists cannot penetrate. Also, Moonies know about the spirit world, but communists do not. So they must come to learn. They know nothing. Therefore, when you talk about the spirit world to communists, they all run away. They do not know it. We are connecting the principles of the spiritual world with reality.

Therefore, we must quickly save America and arm it with the Unification ideology. It cannot be done alone, not alone. That is why the teacher is connecting the world of scientists and religious circles, then connecting the economic and political worlds and the media world. Now, what Reverend Moon is doing cannot be denied as global. Yes, now America is starting to understand.

So, we must not hate communists but have the ability to teach them and quickly save America, so that America can quickly save the communist world in all fields. Once America turns around, the communist world is not a problem. It is not a problem.

Because America keeps opposing, South America is completely united with me. On the 26th, there will be a North American CAUSA meeting here. It is starting. So we are trying to unite North and South America. Sew the North and South together! I must reconcile them.

What else is there?

How can we defend against cultural infiltration by communism?

Question: I know that communism is infiltrating all fields such as politics and economy. How can we defend against cultural infiltration?

There too, the communists do it their way. They have been quite strong in cultural activities until now. They are making an offensive in the arts field, such as dance and ballet, against the free world. Everything the communists do is policy-driven. Everything is planned to ruin the free world.

And to promote internationally, they are very focused on the sports sector. It is all policy. They pick specific people from a young age and train them. They have no choice. If they do not do it, they do not get food. They do not get rations. If they do not do it, they do not get rations. They do not get bread. Like training a hunting dog. Like giving food to dolphins in a dolphin show. The most difficult thing in the communist world is eating. If the communists occupied America, they would definitely close the stores and give rations. Even if you are hungry, if you do not want to eat, you can quit.

They consider a person's death like an animal's death. They do not think about spirit or anything. They consider it no more valuable than a 1-cent bread or a castella bread. So, if it harms the party or the country, they dispose of it. They see spirit as coming from matter, so they do not consider high-minded ideas or human dignity important. Therefore, they see an old person as less valuable than a 1-cent bread.

Now, Takes, talk about it. (Mr. Takes spoke, but it was not recorded due to poor sound quality.) You have to create an environment and do it. Just having schools is not enough. Our Unification Church members must be competent in all aspects of society. Rather than being called geniuses, we become like geniuses because we work hard. What others do in 10 years, we do in 3 years.

Now, in Japan, famous people, company presidents, or ministers are requesting us to send people as secretaries, but we cannot send them. That means Moonies have become indispensable in society. They are necessary. They are people you can trust with money more than anyone else, people you can trust more than anyone else. (Laughter) That is how it is.

So some people say, "Oh, Reverend Moon is so blessed to have such wonderful people." What is blessed? They do not think about how much suffering it took to raise them. (Laughter) You have changed a lot since joining the Unification Church, right? "Yes." You should change more than now, but that is a concern. (Laughter)

(Someone asked a question, but it was not recorded due to poor sound quality.)

It is simple. If you work harder than the satanic world and receive direct cooperation from the spirit world, it will work. No matter how many organizations there are in the world, if the spirit world does not cooperate, it will not work. You must reach the standard where you can say you are working more powerfully than any satanic organization in history for the spirit world to cooperate and mobilize the spirit world. That is the issue.

If you go to any region, in New York, for example, if you are working more than three times as hard as anyone who has worked for the country, the spirit world will immediately cooperate. It goes beyond one time. If you say, "I will work hard even if the spirit world does not cooperate," they are already waiting to cooperate. They are already prepared before I appear.

In the past, I did not evangelize. Even without evangelizing, people came to me. How does that happen? How does the spirit world cooperate? They are already prepared, working hard. 95% is done. So I must do 5%, but I must be as sincere as God was when creating.

If you do not know the formula, make the path of the masses your formula.

Now, let's stop... I brought Barbara back to educate her again. I have heard many reports and know everything, even if I do not say it. I know everything thoroughly. I must fundamentally reform her, fundamentally. Otherwise, Reiner will be pitiful, Reiner.

A leader of the masses must value the claims of the masses, not their own claims. You must know that. If you have a formula centered on the whole, it is different, but if you do not have a formula, you must make the path of the masses your formula. Then there is no mistake. If you assert yourself, you will always be isolated and blocked.

Know that... I must take responsibility before going to the spirit world as I am old. And I must train the old people who do as they please, but it is not beneficial to me, it is noisy and complicated... (The recording is briefly cut off.)

Do not think you did wrong. Usually, the good things are not mentioned, so it seems like there are more bad things because only the bad things are talked about.

Isn't it the same for the teacher? Doesn't America know the good things the teacher is doing? They know everything, but... The State Department knows, but they hide it and last year they tried to frame me with rumors and catch me. So how evil are people?

Now, one of you should be the leader of the mobile unit, and the other should be the traveling inspector. I am trying to separate you. Then Reiner's feelings of trusting Barbara will fade, and he will become more assertive. It will be good. How is it? Is that okay? "Yes." She answered "yes." Since the woman answered, there is no need to ask the man. (Laughter)

So the Unification Church practices birth control in advance. Since there are no children... If there are children, they bring them all. Now throw it all away... I live like that too.

You must go the path that can connect with God and the world.

Then, knowing that, remember today's talk, and from now on, you must start influencing one person at a time in your offices or places of residence.

Your heart, if it passes through this typewriter, this typewriter connects with America and God. You can save the world. Think like that. That thought is precious. How wonderful is it mentally? It is not tiring. If there is someone who works hard and runs fast for America, "I must work harder and run faster than them," how is that? How wonderful is that? You prepare even when you go to the bathroom, even in the bathroom. You always think like that 24 hours a day. How precious would God see that? Think about it. Such a thought is necessary.

Even when putting on makeup, do makeup that the people of the world and God can like, not makeup that you like. God is a very artistic God. A wonderful God. A true artist.

So when you do makeup because you like it, God might say, "Hey, girl! Your face cannot be like that." God's eyes would be different, wouldn't they?

So what is God's taste? It is a harmonized taste. Your makeup is not harmonized but biased, makeup to break things. I think so. Even when doing makeup, think about everything like that. Is it something that can connect with the world and heaven?

Then what is that color? It is natural, natural makeup. (Laughter) Look. A girl's lips, a girl's red lips are truly beautiful when you look closely. Makeup is not interesting, but the natural color is very attractive. When you look at it, it is so attractive that you want to touch it without realizing it. You want to touch it. (Laughter) When I look at our baby, our Jungjin's lips, they are very attractive. Look at the lips. When you look closely, you want to suck and bite them. They are that attractive. How natural is that?

Therefore, you must match your hair and everything to your body and dignity. Women have different types, like this woman, that woman, this woman, that woman, various types. (Expressing with actions) Isn't that right for you? (Laughter) Everything must match. It must suit you. Harmonized colors are good. I also like harmonized colors. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." That is it.

Now, whether you sleep or work, if you think like that all day, you will not be tired. You do not know how much mental strength that is.

When you think like that, you cannot just sit still and let time pass, you must do something. The teacher has lived like that, so even when tired, he cannot take a nap, a nap. Taking a nap and coming late makes you feel more sorry, and that is more tiring. Feeling sorry is tiring. Even last night, I slept in the car and came, but today I am still like this. I forget. I forget that I am tired.

Ordinary people, if they do not eat, they remember they did not eat, and that is the disease, and if they do not sleep, they remember they did not sleep, and that is the disease, and it is tiring. Forgetting is the way. When I try to sleep at night and someone says, "Why didn't you eat dinner?" I think, "Oh, I didn't eat dinner!" That is how I think. That is the life I live. It is true. If you forget like that, you do not feel hungry.

Sometimes my legs hurt, but I try to forget that. Because I was tortured a lot, there is an impact. I try to forget that. If I think about killing those Japanese enemies, it becomes more of a disease. I try to forget everything. "Blood! Do your job well, do your job well," I say. (Laughter) Also, you must do exercises that suit you.

Is the teacher healthy now? "Yes." When I look... Flying from Los Angeles to here takes five hours, and it is so boring, but I talk here for five hours, even ten hours, how boring must it be? "I have committed many sins," I think, but isn't it? "No." (Laughter) So I do not think about time. I do not try to look at the time. I do not think about "how many hours I will do it." Mother is at two o'clock...
Even though people keep telling me to watch the clock and talk, I speak without looking at the clock. I don't look at the clock. Then, you know, three hours can pass by... I always hear that I don't keep my promises, but I don't think about that. When you start talking, that's how it goes. It happens without you realizing it.

Learn Korean
If I had studied English a bit more and talked without using an interpreter, it would have been quite... Because I use an interpreter, there are many difficulties. At your age, you start to get forgetful, and studying becomes really hard. Studying English is really hard. Even if it comes in, it all goes out. 

I'm continuing to study English for this work, but what will you young folks do if you don't study Korean? "I will do it," you rascals, if young people say they can't do it, it's a big problem. English is extremely difficult for Eastern people to learn. The grammatical structure is completely different. It's really hard. When I first came here and listened to the radio broadcast, all I could hear was 'yes' and 'no.' (laughter) When I look at books, I can mostly understand, but when I listen, all I know is 'yes' and 'no.'

Does it seem like Koreans speak Korean quite fast to you too? You don't know how speedy it is. It's the same. When women just babble on... (laughter) It gets narrower and narrower. As time goes by, it gets narrower. It's that difficult.

So, even though I'm already over 60, you guys are in your 30s, so you'll do it quickly. That's the conclusion. You have to memorize foreign languages quickly. You need grammar and composition, but you have to memorize quickly. Once you remember a certain amount, at that stage, grammar and composition are necessary too.

Ah! Is there anything for lunch now? It's lunchtime, ask if there's anything. "Didn't you have lunch?" "It's not prepared." What time is it now? "It's 15 minutes to two." Two o'clock. If we finish by two and just send you off, East Garden will be criticized. "Shall we tell them to buy hamburgers?" "Let's go eat." That would be fine. So, shall we buy something or just go? Ask. "Let's just go." "Just listening to the words is enough to fill us up? (Missionary Kim Sang-cheol)" (laughter) Well, let's do that then. *

A New Meaning of Birth
There is nothing that exists on this earth that doesn't have a day of birth. Also, there is no person without a day of birth. In other words, there is a day of birth, a day of creation, and a day of making for everything.

All existences have a day of birth
Then what about this microphone? If you ask the microphone, "Do you have a birthday?" it would answer "Yes." So, what about Mr. Park? (laughter) Mr. Park would also answer, "I have a birthday too." Then, what about this house? "It has one." Accompanying here... Looking at it this way, the whole world is like that.

Then who would have celebrated the day of birth, the birthday? "Parents." Then clothes? The clothes you wear today were bought as a birthday present by your mother. (cheers, applause) If you ask the clothes, "When is your birthday? Do you have a birthday?" they would say they have one. If you ask "When?" they would say, "You don't know, but I know."

So then, is it the birthday when the last button is sewn on after everything is made, or is it the birthday when the clothes are made? "When the button is sewn." Yes, it's when the last button is sewn. (laughter) But is it the day the button is sewn that is the birthday, or is it the day it leaves the company as a new product? Which is it? "When it leaves." The birthday is the day it comes out new, the day of birth, but it has to pass through a door. Then wouldn't the moment the product leaves the factory to go to the market be its birthday? How about that? "That's right." What do you think? (laughter)

In that way, you can talk about various stories centered on birthdays. Then when is my birthday? The day I came out of my mother's womb is my birthday, but the day I entered my mother's womb, the day I came into being as life, is also my birthday. Isn't that right? When you look at it that way, the day you come out of your mother's womb and appear in a new form, a transformed form, is what we call a birthday today. You have to define it like this. It means the time when you are newly born after going through a process of change.

Then how about America? Does America have a birthday? "Yes." Is its birthday when it fought against the British army, or is it when the war ended, and it established itself as an independent nation and celebrated its founding? "The day it celebrated its founding." That's it. After going through all the processes, the day it asserted itself as a new entity in the form of a nation and emerged as a new life form to rule is called its birthday.

Celebrating God's birthday is the highest hope of all existence
Now, does God have a birthday? "Yes." When is God's birthday? "Everyday." God's birthday is like someone said earlier, "everyday." God would laugh at this. If you set any day, it would be boring, but since God said no... Is God within the Earth? God is not within the Earth. The Earth revolves around the sun in the solar system, and we call one revolution a year, but God is not within such a satellite system. Because He is outside the satellite, there is no standard to measure time.

So, does God have spring, summer, fall, and winter, and does God have day and night? Does God have a time when He is young, old, or when He dies? "No." Then if you ask God, "When is your birthday?" He would answer, "My birthday is every day." (laughter) Then what does "every day" mean? Today, we humans say a year is 365 days, but it means He transcends that concept of 365 days.

Then did God celebrate His birthday, is He trying to celebrate it, or does He hope for it? Which is it? What would God say? "Hmm! I don't know," He would say. On the day of celebrating a birthday, if He makes the cake, makes the candy, lights the match, and sings "Happy birthday to me," how wonderful is that? (laughter) Think about it. How is it? "Happy birthday to you" is necessary, but "to me" is not needed. From that perspective, if God hasn't celebrated His birthday, then there is no need for a day of celebration.

So, wouldn't it be the highest hope of all things in this world to think, "Ah! It would be great if I could hold a celebration for God's birthday"? How about it? You haven't thought about that, have you? If you ask God, "Wouldn't it be nice if we celebrated your birthday?" what would He say? "Oh, really?" Would He say that? What do you think? "He would say yes." (laughter)

Then, from God's perspective, if someone is celebrating Him, wouldn't He prefer a nation to celebrate rather than an individual, the world rather than a nation, and the entire universe rather than the world? How happy would God be if the entire universe celebrated His birthday? Which would He prefer? Which would He like more? Would He prefer an individual celebration or a celebration by heaven and earth? "A celebration by heaven and earth." How do you know that? How do you know? Because I resemble God, because I am like that, isn't God like that too? You have to approach it like this. That's right. Why? Because I, as a person, am like that, God is like that too. Are you like that too? "Yes." When you celebrate your birthday, do you prefer a small monkey house saying "Happy birthday to you" or the whole world saying "Happy birthday to you"? "The whole world celebrating."

Then, Reverend Moon is an Asian with a dark face and not very good-looking, so why have people of all colors come? "To celebrate Father. And Mother too..." (laughter) Mother seems like an accessory. After saying it, you feel sorry, so you add "and Mother too." "No." (laughter) When people of all colors gather to celebrate Reverend Moon's birthday, would God be jealous or not? Since God Himself cannot celebrate His birthday, would He say, "What is that! You rascal!"? "No." Why "no"? Why "no"? "Because God is the Father." Why does God like it? Because Reverend Moon is said to be God's son, because he is God's son. So God will not be jealous of celebrating Reverend Moon but will love it. Is that right? "Yes." Just as parents in the world prepare and rejoice when their child's birthday comes, God is the same. That's how you feel it. Although many beings and historical figures have come and gone, when my birthday celebration becomes one with the world, Reverend Moon thinks of celebrating God's birthday. How about it? Is it great? "Yes." (cheers, applause)

The more birthday guests, the better
Now, everyone, God is a very greedy person, God is. God only gives after making everything His own, He doesn't know how to give without making it His own. How about that? "Before making it His own? (interpreter)" Before making it His own, God doesn't know how to give. Why is that? Because when you give to someone you love, you never give someone else's things, you give your own. Isn't that wonderful? So is being greedy good or bad? "It's good." What do you think? Are you people with desires or without desires? "With desires." Do you want to make everything your own? "Yes." Is that right? "Yes." Why is that? What do you want to do after making everything your own? "To love." To love.

Therefore, under such a title, the desire to occupy the universe can be justified and legitimized. Do you understand? Does that seem right? "Yes." Wow, then that desire is good! Why? When you say you will give everything to the one you love, how wonderful is that? True love means wanting to give everything. Therefore, that desire can be proven as a principle of justice.

Then, when God sees Mr. Park like that, He won't say, "Hey, you rascal, Mr. Park! You're so greedy," but will say, "Hey! You, rascal, you look good. You're wonderful. You resemble me." It's a simple statement, but how to solve the problem of human desire is a fundamental issue. Philosophy has no way to solve the problem of desire, but with such a supplementary word, everything is solved. So, from hearing that one word today, all desires and all issues of our nature that seemed wrong until now have become content that can be accepted as good.

Then, you need someone to love. Do you need someone to love? "Yes." What is someone to love for men and women? For men, it's women, and for women, it's men. Then do you only need two? Do you only need two? "No."

Then, when celebrating a birthday, is it better for the husband to be alone saying "Happy birthday to my wife," or for many people to come and say "Happy birthday to you"? "The second one." That's right. Therefore, you need to have many people you can love.

Then does it mean a man should have many wives and a woman should have many husbands? "No." In the American way of speaking. "No." Wouldn't that be nice in reality? "No." Is it "no" or "yes"? "No." Why should it be just two? It's like the plus and minus of an electric power plant. If this is attached, you can connect as many plus and minus lines here as you want, and the light will come on. If the plus and minus lines are connected to the power plant, you can connect thousands of plus and minus lines here. You can connect as many as you want. (writing on the board while speaking)

Then what are the plus and minus lines connected to the power plant? They are like sons and daughters. So the transmission line from the power plant can be two lines, three lines, or ten lines, it doesn't matter. But if the power plant has many ends and the lines connected to it are different, no matter how much you shock it, it won't work. Because of that risk, it has to be a single line. It has to be a pure gold line, a completely pure single line.

In that sense, a couple is like the main line connected to the power plant that can be connected to the plus and minus, so there can't be two. There has to be one. If that's the case, because the power plant has power, no matter how many lines there are, the light will come on as much as possible. (writing on the board) Is it better to have many lights here or few? "Many." Many is better. What that means is that it's better to have many sons and daughters. The teacher, the mother, and the father have thirteen sons and daughters, but what if there were 130? Wow! How great is that! (laughter) That's what it means. Having many sons and daughters is a blessing.

True love is being happy even after giving everything
"Now, let's make a feast table for our parents' celebration party," and if thirteen sons and daughters work hard to make a feast table, and one or two work hard to make a feast table, which one will be bigger? Which one? Is the feast table made by one or two better, or is the feast table made by many sons and daughters better? "The feast table made by many sons and daughters." You know that.

So then, would it be easy to give birth to and raise those sons and daughters, or would it be difficult? "It's difficult." Could such people take a vacation? "No." Could they sleep normally at night? If they have a steak or bread in their hands, before mom and dad eat it, the sons and daughters will say, "Oh, I'll eat it," and grab it. So they won't be able to eat or sleep, and it will be difficult. How about that? "That's right." Then, they will work to the point of exhaustion.

So, after working very, very hard and piling up what they have, they put it all into the mouths of those sons and daughters. They put it all into their bodies. (laughs) So the mother and father have nothing, nothing at all. Also, speaking of the mother, since there are many daughters, those daughters grow as tall as the mother, and when they go out, they go into the mother's room and wear nice clothes. Then the mother ends up sitting there in her underwear. (laughs)

In such a situation, if the father and mother sit facing each other in their underwear and talk happily, is that unfortunate or happy? Which is it? "It's happy." Wow! It's happy? "Yes!" (laughs) So when the son comes in and says, "Oh, I'm sorry, mom and dad," with a smile, and when the daughter puts clothes on the mother sitting in her underwear, is that daughter unfortunate or happy? How about it? When they hold each other and say, "Oh, my," (expressing with actions), is that an unfortunate mother and daughter or a happy mother and daughter? "A happy mother and daughter." How happy is it? "Very very happy." Very very happy? "Yes."

Then would you like to try it once? "Yes." Hmm, you are truly great. Why is that? It's because you want to give everything to your children and parents and still be happy. You should know that it comes from the desire to give everything to the one you love. Therefore, how amazing and beautiful love is! It can overcome all things, all environments, and normalize them to decorate them as the best. Only love can do that. Only love is possible.

Celebrate the birthday of the Kingdom of Heaven and God's birthday
Then, "Is it better for only the sons and daughters to celebrate the parents' birthday, or is it better for the neighborhood, the country, and the world to celebrate?" When the sons and daughters say, "No, I don't want the neighborhood to celebrate, I don't want the world to celebrate, I don't want heaven and earth to celebrate, only our sons and daughters should," would they say that? "No." Then what should they do? When the neighborhood celebrates their parents' birthday, the sons and daughters should step aside and say, "Please celebrate. Let the neighborhood celebrate our parents. Let the country celebrate. Let the world celebrate," and keep stepping back. Seeing them celebrate and being happy is what loving sons and daughters do. When the sons and daughters step back and can't celebrate but are satisfied with watching and smiling, how wonderful is that?

When they celebrate their parents like that, all the sons and daughters are gone. When they celebrate and look around, the sons and daughters are at the back. Then they bring the sons and daughters and celebrate together with the parents, and how wonderful is that? When you see that, if there are parents, they would be happier seeing their sons and daughters being celebrated than being celebrated themselves. How beautiful is that? If there is someone you love, you want to give everything. It's because of the intention to give everything. They want to include the whole world and give it.

Now, if you celebrate America's Independence Day, if there is a day to celebrate the founding of the country, and if all the foreign ambassadors come and celebrate with the president, then the close ministers of foreign affairs should become their fence and be happy. That's the etiquette of the diplomatic world. All the foreign ministers should be close to the president, and the ministers of their country should become the fence. Then the representatives of the whole world naturally bring their ministers forward and celebrate and praise with the president. That's how it is. Such an environment is wonderful.

If there comes a day to celebrate God's birthday, if Reverend Moon is truly God's beloved son, then the question arises whether Reverend Moon can do that. Can he open the way with sincerity so that all the people of the world can celebrate God's birthday, become the fence, and be happy seeing them happy, praising God and them, and saying, "It's the success of our family"? That's the question.

Then, when the people of the world look for the teacher and find him and bring him before God and praise him, how amazing is that moment? It's not God doing it, but all the people of the world calling Reverend Moon. At that moment, he would be willing to give everything of the audience and God. He would be willing to give his own and the world's things. Why? Because I loved them, because the audience loved me, because I loved God. It's not a waste. Even if they take everything, it's fine. Would it be like that? "Yes." How great is that position? (applause)

If there is such a day, God would also want such a birthday celebration. If you ask God, "Do you want it?" He would say, "Yes." If you ask, "Do you want a birthday celebration with your sons and daughters or a universal birthday celebration?" He would, of course, want the universal one. In that universe, there must be an individual representing God, sons and daughters, a family, a tribe, a people, a nation, and a world. That's the logic that connects.

Also, if you ask God, "Which do you value more, the birthday of your country or your birthday?" how would God answer? "The birthday of the Kingdom of Heaven..." Then is your birthday more important to you, or is your family's birthday more important? "The family's birthday." That's it. Then if Reverend Moon truly loves God, what would he think? "Would it be better to celebrate God's birthday, or would it be better to celebrate the birthday of God's earthly kingdom, God's nation?" If Reverend Moon is a person who can think correctly, what should he think? "The birthday of the earthly kingdom." The birthday of the earthly kingdom, right? There's nothing to ask. God would also hope to celebrate the birthday of His nation and then hope to celebrate His birthday. That's the conclusion. Therefore, celebrating the birthday of the earthly kingdom is wonderful. Creating a nation of love and celebrating its birthday with love is how amazing it is.

The desire for the founding of the world and the Kingdom of Heaven is good
Now, women here, what do women like the most? What do you like the most? What do American women like the most? Answer. You like money, don't you? You like luxury. The symbol of that money is diamonds and jewelry. Isn't that right? "No." What is all that on your arms? All hanging around your neck. (expressing with actions) (laughter) So, what are you going to do with all that greed? What are you going to do? So, when you say collecting money is to share what you have with the one you truly love, that desire is recognized. Can you truly do that?

Women, even if their husbands work like oxen until their backs are bent, they think, "Oh, won't he buy me something for my birthday?" and when he buys something for their birthday, they cry and say, "Oh, why did you buy it when it's hard?" Which is more precious? (laughter) Which is more precious? The first one or the second one? "The second one." That's right.

American women have separate savings accounts. I know well. "My savings account should have more money than my husband's savings account. Hehehe." (laughter) How about it? Don't laugh and talk. Most women are like that, aren't they? Be honest. Is that right? "Yes." (laughs) Then if men know that and say they will transfer the money in their savings account to their wives, who will be the master of love? The wife or the husband? "The husband." Between the wife and the husband, which is more precious? "The husband." The wife, the wife. "The husband." Are you sure?
Greed is good, that's what it is. Reverend Moon is also a person with a lot of greed. This greed is not about making everything in the world mine to give to my children, but about giving it for the sake of the heavenly kingdom. It's about using it for the world, for the founding of the heavenly kingdom. (Cheers. Applause) So, our Moonies are going around like hunting dogs, trying to hunt from house to house. They are fundraising. They have to hunt like hunting dogs all day long. That's why sometimes Moonies are thought of as hunting dogs. When a pheasant flies up, they shoot it down and bring it back without eating it themselves, placing it in front of their master. This is truly wonderful. (He acts it out while speaking. Laughter) How wonderful is that? It's beautiful. (Laughter) I think about that. Moonies, while trying to earn even a penny more by fundraising from house to house, face disdain, get torn by thorns, and offer everything to heaven. How beautiful is that? (Applause)

Let us advance for the birth of the new will desired by God and humanity
Today, you have gathered to celebrate a birthday, and today's title is 'The Birth of a New Will.' We have never celebrated God's birthday or the founding day, the birthday of the heavenly kingdom, so we must devote everything to advance for that, Amen. God desires the founding of the world more than His own birthday. Therefore, advancing for the birth of the earthly kingdom desired by God is so beautiful. Advancing for the birth of the heavenly kingdom on earth is something that all humanity can say Amen to, and God can say Amen to, as it is glorious. So let us continue this march, Amen! Do you understand? For the birthday. "Amen" So let us advance ceaselessly. Let us march for today's title, 'The Birth of a New Will,' Amen! "Amen"

Then, who among you will pledge to advance as such a warrior with confidence? Raise your hand. May God's blessing be with you! (Cheers. Applause) *

Heaven's Side and Satan's Side
People who believe in general religions do not seriously consider the sides of Satan and God. Why? Because they do not know if Satan exists or if God exists. However, among the many religions, only the Unification Church clearly states this.

Both God and Satan want to make heaven, earth, and humanity their own
Now, it's not only the Unification Church members who think this way. If God exists and Satan exists, what would God and Satan think? They would both try to claim everything as their own. When looking at the world, among the beings in the world, would they claim the bad as their own, or would they claim the good as their own? "The good" The good. That's the truth.

Then, when looking at the world, what is the best thing in this universe? What is the best thing in this world? What is the best thing in this universe? "People" People. And next? "Women" (Laughter)

In Eastern thought, when symbolizing the universe, it is expressed as heaven (天), earth (地), and humanity (人). Then everything is included. When we say 'heaven,' it means the heavenly kingdom, and when we say 'earth,' it means the earthly kingdom. Then, who governs the heavenly kingdom and the earthly kingdom? It's people. Then, when viewing the entire universe as the heavenly kingdom, the earthly kingdom, and humanity, both Satan and God want to make the heavenly kingdom their own, the earthly kingdom their own, and people their own. It's the same for both Satan and God.

Looking at it this way, if both God and Satan want it, Satan will try to pull the heavens, and God will also try to pull the heavens. The same goes for the earthly kingdom and people. Satan tries to pull the heavenly kingdom, and God does too. Then, if Satan's purpose and God's purpose were the same, how good would that be? The very words 'Satan's side' and 'God's side' indicate that they are different. So, when looking at it this way, what we need to think about here is, what is God's side, and what is Satan's side? When looking at the heavenly kingdom and the earthly kingdom, it becomes about heaven's side and Satan's side, centered on people. They stand in opposite directions. (He writes on a board while speaking)

Good and Evil
Then, if God is the god of the good world, what is Satan? "The god of the evil world" From our heavenly side, we call Satan's side evil, but from Satan's side, they call it good. (Laughter) From God's side, Satan's side is called evil, but from Satan's side, can they call God's side evil? "No"

Then, does God know that He is good? Does Satan know that he is evil? How is it? "Yes" That's an important issue. Then what is evil, and what is good? What is good? Is eating good? Is wearing clothes good? What is good? "Original value" That's right. It's about the original value, the original state.

Then, what is original? "God…" What did you say? To give a simple example, planting a seed, the seed sprouts and grows, flowers bloom, and fruits are borne. This is original. When viewed this way, what is good is protecting the original form. It's about preserving it. Then what is evil? It's about digging up the seed so it can't sprout, breaking it if it does, plucking all the flowers if they bloom, and preventing the fruit from being borne. Or making it bear ruined fruit. It's all the opposite.

Then what kind of being is God? He is the one who protects and nurtures all existing things, the entire natural world. He creates all environmental conditions so that they bear good fruit and protects everything so that it bears good results. You all like it when things are done this way, right? Why do you like it? Because you are being protected, that's why you like it. It's not a normal state. Here is where good and bad are divided.

Therefore, when concluding here, what is good? It is good to try to protect the normal state so that it can be better. And trying to make the normal state worse is evil. Therefore, when we say heaven's side, it is about looking beyond the normal standard and nurturing and protecting it, while Satan's side is about applying destructive and invasive conditions below the normal standard.

Then, in distinguishing good and evil, or in forming the heavenly kingdom and the earthly kingdom, what is the center? "People" People. People are the issue. When we say people, who are included? "Men and women" Yes, that's right. This person is a woman, and Mr. Park is a man.

The issue here is, if there is a god, what kind of god is a good god? If there is a god, what kind of god is a good god? It's the same. It is a god who tries to develop beyond the normal standard. Then there is a god who tries to go in the opposite direction of the normal state. The one going in the opposite direction is Satan.

Humans with the nature of both good and evil worlds standing in the middle position
Looking at it this way, there are three beings in this universe: the good god, the evil god, and people. Then what do Satan and God both want to have? Does Satan want to have God, does God want to have Satan, or do God and Satan want to have people? Which one is it? What is the most precious thing in the universe? If there is a god who is the subject of people, that god is the most precious. But why doesn't Satan want to have the god who is the subject of people? Satan is greedy, so wouldn't it be great if he could make God his own? Who can confidently say, 'This is why Satan doesn't want to have God'? You need to know that.

What is different about God? God is absolute, unchanging, unique, and eternal. God does not know how to change. Do you understand? He cannot change. You don't know that. Does it seem like that? "Yes" No matter how much Satan tries to have God, he cannot because God is true. Satan cannot digest the truth. No matter how much he tries to have it, it's in vain.

Then, why doesn't God, who is greedy, try to make Satan his own more than people? If you can answer that, you will do well. It's because it's the opposite of heaven's side. God does not change, but Satan changes, God is unique, but Satan is not. Then, God is eternal, but Satan is momentary. Does that sound right or wrong? How is it? "It's right" Fundamentally, that's how they are divided.

Then why do both Satan and God need people? The logic that people are in a middle position, carrying the nature of both worlds, can be completely confirmed here. Is that so? Then, are people who can change and are momentary on Satan's side or God's side? "Satan's side" Also, is it Satan's side or God's side that keeps causing division and fights at home? "Satan's side"

Looking to the future, without considering the world, the whole, or eternity, and thinking 'as long as I can eat today, as long as today is good,' and even as a parent who should care for their children, forgetting their position and drinking, becoming intoxicated with themselves, that belongs to evil, to Satan. So, are people who drink happy or unhappy? "Unhappy" Good or bad? "Bad" Ah, the act of drinking itself is happy, isn't it? The act of drinking itself. (Laughter) When you drink, you dance and enjoy it, right? It cannot sustain eternity. It lasts for a few days and then ends. It causes a breakdown in the environmental conditions. You need to know that because of it, the environmental conditions are not protected and cannot continue eternally.

Then, is the world we live in today a heavenly kingdom or a satanic kingdom? Is it on heaven's side or Satan's side? That's the issue. Which side is it? Answer clearly. "Satan's side" Raise your hand if you say it's Satan's side. That's right. Then, raise your hand if you think, 'No matter how I think about it, I am not a person of God but a person of Satan.' (Laughter) You all said it's Satan's side, but when asked to raise your hand if you are on Satan's side, no one does. What is this? Are you lying right now? You all lie, don't you? "No" Then what is it? You all said it's Satan's side, but when asked to raise your hand if you are on Satan's side, no one does, isn't that a lie? There's nothing to say. You are all Satan's people. How much do you go in and out? How much do you change?

Then, if God likes something once, does He stop liking it, or does He like it forever? "He likes it forever" That's right, but between men and women, which one changes more easily? (Laughter) "Women" You know that. Women think so too, right? "Yes" (Laughter) Among people, which group is closer to heaven's side? When looking at men and women, are men closer to heaven's side, or are women closer to heaven's side? "Women" (Laughter) After analyzing it this way, it's clear that women are closer to Satan's side. That cannot be denied. That's the theory. So, those who follow women's behinds are dangerous, that's the warning. (Laughter)

Throughout history, who has been the bait that lures men on the streets and breaks families, men or women? "Women" Women. When Satan and God fight, when Satan says, 'If you, God, claim to be the subject of good with eternal, unchanging, and unique characteristics, I oppose that,' and when he works to destroy it, what would be the most effective bait? I don't know. (Laughter) Women, answer. "Women" Women. But what kind of women? Ugly women or beautiful women? "Beautiful women" Beautiful women.

Then, women do makeup like this and draw like this…. (He imitates. Laughter) Men…. I have never carried a mirror in my pocket in my life. Even now, I don't carry a mirror. But among a thousand or ten thousand women, there isn't one who doesn't have a mirror. That's why they are dangerous elements. (Laughter) In a woman's laughter, there is the devil's chain, how about that? In a woman's dance and song, there is the devil's poison, how about that? So, who ruins the world more, men or women? "Women" Women.

Then what about men? Men can be like that too, right? In our Unification Church, men who have recently received the blessing and got married are in a state of mental fluctuation. How is that? Is it like that or not? "No" (Laughter) You rascals, don't lie. (Laughter) So, when there is a place where change can occur, will Satan come, or will God come? "Satan" Then God will leave, and Satan's visit will be easy.

To stand on heaven's side, one must be an absolute, unique, unchanging, and eternal person
Then, where can God visit and dwell? God comes to a place that is eternal and unique. That's why God emphasizes absolute faith. Believe absolutely. Have absolute, unchanging, eternal, and unique faith. Then why is absolute faith necessary? Because an absolute entity is needed, absolute faith is necessary. Without going through this foundation, an absolute entity cannot be recreated. If it leaves, God leaves, and Satan visits. You must know this for sure. This is a formula. It's a principle. Such principled organization exists for both Satan and God.

Now, when Satan says to God, 'God, don't boast or brag. Even if there are people who believe well, you can't guarantee them for 10, 20, 30 years, until they die. They can change at any time,' what would God say? 'I'm confident, it's okay,' would He say that? How miserable is that? God is always in a gloomy and insecure position, and Satan is always in a strong position. So, does it seem like this is something Reverend Moon made up, or does it seem like Reverend Moon's words are correct? Which one is it? "It's correct" You don't like hearing that, do you? 'Oh, if only he hadn't said that today, I could live comfortably, but because he said it, I can't move,' right? "No"

You, when I bless black and white people, you say, 'Oh, I didn't know when I was with African people, but looking at it now, oh…' but that's Satan's side, right? You say, 'Oh, at first, I liked Reverend Moon and joined, but he's not white, and he always criticizes American women, dislikes Americans, and tries to make Koreans and Japanese work. Oh, I don't like Asians,' right? (Laughter) How is it? Did you get caught in Satan's trap or not? "We got caught" (Laughter) It's not something to laugh about. It's a serious matter.

Now, you know everything. You know everything, so let's conclude. Without becoming an absolute, unique, unchanging, and eternal self, you cannot be on heaven's side, so is it 'I will become that from now on,' or 'I have become that'? Which one is it? Think about it. Think about it.

If a Unification Church person grows a mustache and says, 'Ah, I feel comfortable growing a mustache. Ah, I am unchanging,' would you say, 'Oh, that's good,' or 'That's not good'? A neat person is a normal Moonie, but those who are not neat and grow mustaches and beards are on the side that can change, or on the side that cannot change? "On the side that can change" What is it? Now, after hearing this, those with mustaches and beards should think about it. (Laughter) When I see such people, when I look at their faces, I will think like this. (Laughter) This issue is not just words. It actually unfolds that way.

You Unification Church people have been saying, 'I am on God's side,' and have been trying to get by with just that. So, are you related to God's side now or not? "We are" Then, when God, who is eternal, unique, absolute, and unchanging, looks at you, how many people can He say are on God's side? That's a serious issue. How much have you been indulgent before God, how much have you been reckless, and how irresponsible have you been in your life? Heaven knows everything. When you look at what you've done so far, claiming to be on heaven's side, and critically evaluate your past, the conclusion is that you are someone God would punish.

Therefore, a filial child is someone whose heart towards their parents does not change and goes on forever, a loyal subject is someone whose heart towards the country does not change and aims for eternity, and a saint is someone who goes through the path for heaven with an unchanging direction towards eternity. You must clearly understand that they are such types of people. Jesus, for example, while walking the path of death, in a serious position, said, 'If possible, let this cup pass from me. Yet not as I will, but as you will.' He struggled with the thought, 'I cannot change.' He struggled for that. Because of that, he could appear in the position of a saint. In the Unification Church, even if all the Unification Church members fall away, what about Reverend Moon? Will he fall away from the Unification Church? "No" You all must know that. Everyone can fall away. I have experienced that several times in the past.

The Korean people standing on the boundary between God's side and Satan's side
Now, when comparing Eastern and Western people, who can change more in terms of morality? "Western people" That's why God's will cannot come from the West, but it can come from the East. That's the overall view. Then, if it can come through Eastern people, which Eastern people would it be? It wouldn't be the Chinese or Indian people who are comfortable wearing their clothes. Those Indian or Chinese people are not the type to dream of ideals.

Looking at it this way, among the Eastern world, a people who can compare everything from all sides and have a high ideology to spread to the world, who hold onto ideals even in difficult circumstances, must be the ones. The Korean people are suitable for that. Korea has been invaded 910 times throughout history. Yet it has survived. Who did they believe in? They believed in God.

Therefore, among the Asian peoples, the Korean people are the most problematic. In the future, even in American society, Koreans will be a problem. They are extremely extreme. There are extremely bad people, and there are extremely good people. It cannot be helped. Since there are people who can change, there will be a country that can change. That's the theory. Since people who can change come together to form a country that can change, a country with people that Satan likes and people that God likes, with two characteristics, is bound to appear. "Does that mean such people are within one country? (Interpreter)" Yes. The people who are most viciously slanderous among their own people are the Jewish people and the Korean people. You need to know that.

When the immigration office announced that they would catch all illegal residents without passports, it was reported in the newspapers that Koreans were reporting each other to be caught. Wow! That… Japanese or Chinese people don't do that. Then why is that? Because God and Satan are competing to take away from each other globally, such phenomena occur. Looking at it this way, Korean history fits perfectly. Most of the history is about traitors shedding the blood of loyal subjects.

Currently, the one who opposes Reverend Moon most viciously is Korea. The Korean Christian church, the Korean government, and the Korean people all oppose. Why is that? Because they are standing on the boundary between God's side and Satan's side, it cannot be helped. Knowing this, you will realize, 'Aha! That's natural.' You may think, 'Oh, the teacher is promoting Korea, which has the most bad things,' but you can think that way.

That's why the Bible says that where there is much sin, there is much grace, right? In the future, Koreans will take over the Mafia. So, in the future, Reverend Moon will even bear the infamy of being the head of the Mafia, 'Moon Mafia!' That's what will happen. When that time comes, know that the end is near. Do you understand?

The Unification Church movement emerged to defend and eliminate all of Satan's things
Now, you know why Satan cannot take God, and God cannot take Satan, right? Then how will the earthly kingdom be achieved? How will the ideal world be achieved? How will the world desired by God, the heavenly kingdom, or the earthly kingdom be achieved? If people live on earth with unchanging ideology towards God and unchanging faith towards God, the satanic world will retreat, and the world of the earthly kingdom will come. It's simple. Isn't it simple?

Then where is the problem? It's within oneself. The solution is not in the country, not in society, not in the spirit world, but within oneself. You must know that the problem is within yourself. Can any ideology or claim in today's world change Unification Church members? "No" Then can Unification Church members change communism? Can they change it globally? "Yes" Also, will the Unification Church be digested by democratic ideology, or will the Unification Church digest democracy? "The Unification Church will digest it"

Now, when comparing Unification Church members with the most devout members of established Christianity, will Unification Church members be digested by devout Christians, or will the devout members of the Unification Church digest Christianity? "They will digest it" Also, regarding Buddhist believers, Muslim believers, Hindu believers, Jewish believers, and all religious people, is there a side where we can be digested, or is there a side where we can digest them? "There is a side where we can digest them"

Looking at it this way, if this has happened from God's side, how would God feel? Would He feel good or bad? "Good" Then how about Satan? "He feels bad" Satan tries to kill Reverend Moon.
Now, we have understood what weapon Satan uses as a secret method. Among people, what comes first? Centered on people, what is Satan's weapon? Between men and women? "Women." Women. What decision must we make? Here, the men of the Unification Church must uphold the authority of men, not becoming men who follow women's behinds, but making women follow men's behinds. This is presenting a historical solution. (Laughter) This is a declaration. We must uphold the authority of men. Do women follow men, or do men follow women? We do not follow the changeable behinds of women, which can become Satan's weapon. I apologize to the women. (Laughter) Is that a good thing to say? Let's ask the women. Is that a good thing to say or a bad thing? "It's a good thing." Why? Because it is absolutely necessary to protect the Kingdom of Heaven, to protect God, and to protect God's side, women should accept this as justice. How is that? "It's correct."

I am like that. Reverend Moon came to Western society, and no matter how beautiful a Western woman appears to tempt me, I do not follow the behinds of Western women. I don't even kiss. If I don't kiss, they will hold on and cling. They will say, "Kiss me." (Laughter) Women are no different, right? They will hold on to my cheek and not let go. "You mean not to do it, right? (Interpreter)" Yes. I am saying not to kiss. I am preventing it. (Laughter) This is not a laughing matter. It is a serious matter. To sustain God's side, we must be ruthless.

Now, how about Western men? How about American men? Western people smoke, drink, and always take drugs, following women's behinds. (Laughter) But the main problem is that centered on people, this is influenced, and centered on love, this is decided. What is Satan's love? It is changeable and blasphemous love. What is God's love? It is unchanging and principled love.

In this view, is this world Satan's world or God's world? "It's Satan's world." In such a world, today the Unification Church has declared that this must be cut off and removed. Satan has divided black and white, brought family chaos, and led all trends in the direction of evil. We must know that the movement that emerged to defend against and remove all this is the worldwide Unification Church movement. (Applause)

From this perspective, the fact that the Unification Church is promoting a movement to marry across races, tribes, and borders is a historical event that God can be extremely proud of, and a historical grief that Satan can lament extremely. The fact that people are stepping forward to marry people of different races beyond their own nation is an unimaginable act in Satan's world. The amazing fact that they have the integrity to not change no matter what path of love they take should be praised by history and the world.

Even though the Unification Church is being persecuted, do not be sad at all. Just wait and see. God is on my side. One hundred percent on my side. There is no doubt about it. Even if I live without clothes or in hardship, I must know that I am on the path toward Heaven. So, day and night, say, "Night and day, pass quickly. I will create an unchanging person for this path."

Wherever you go, what doesn't change is a treasure.

So, how is it when you compare before and after meeting Reverend Moon? Have you gotten closer to God's side or farther away? "Closer." That is an undeniable fact. No matter how much you think and criticize, it is an undeniable fact. (Applause) The standard is set now. Then who is a good person? In that aspect, it unfolds. A person who goes this path without changing is a good person.

Why is gold precious? Because its nature doesn't change wherever it goes. Next, why do people like pearls? Because they have a harmonize color. They don't change wherever they go. Diamonds don't change wherever they are, even in harsh places. Isn't that right? Treasures are evaluated based on such characteristics, and when you look at it from the same evaluation standard, human treasures must also be such people. You must know this fact. So, from the day Reverend Moon knew this, he has been going that path. Silently going that path. (Applause) To change such a Reverend Moon, Korea turned, and Japan turned. And now, America and the Communist Party are turning.

From this perspective, the appearance of Reverend Moon in the ever-changing historical process of this world is seen as historical. It's a historical event. Therefore, when someone collides with Reverend Moon of the Unification Church, who will break? If you collide with me, I won't break. No matter how big America is, America will break, not Reverend Moon. No matter how big the Communist Party is, the Communist Party will break, not Reverend Moon. Why? Because there is a principle of developing while receiving opposition. The Unification Church develops despite the world just cursing because of that principle.

Even while fighting legal battles, holding mass weddings, and creating the Washington Times, it's all for America. It's for Western people. Even in court, the lawyer didn't comfort me; I comforted the lawyer. (Laughter) That's how it is.

How about you? Let me ask the women who are quick to change, will you marry a husband who changes easily or a steadfast person like a rock? (Laughter) "A steadfast person." Do Unification Church men have social skills? They are like rocks, with no social skills, the men of the Unification Church. (Laughter) But one thing is certain: they are on God's side. They are on Heaven's side, without a doubt. That's enough. "Amen." (Applause)

Even school teachers can immediately tell who is a good teacher and who is a bad teacher. Among friends, you can immediately tell who is a good friend and who is a bad friend. Now we completely understand why God and Satan cannot reconcile. If God is love, why can't He love Satan? Without one of the two disappearing, human history becomes a tragic history. So one of the two must be eliminated. Without knowing the fundamental of being human, the path humans must take, and the definitive unchanging purpose humans must have, when this is clearly known, Satan will naturally be expelled from the earthly and heavenly worlds. Amen.

A person God can boast about in front of Satan is an unchanging person.

Now, even though it is Satan's world, between the communist world and the democratic world, which is closer to God's side? The democratic world, at least, says what is right is right, but the communist world is working to destroy the democratic world through lies. They are purely lying. Although the Soviet Union wants to expand its weapons and military, it cannot because of the arms reduction treaty in the Western society.

Look at Korea. Even the armistice is like that. How long has it been now? Since 1953, it's been about 30 years. In the 30 years since the armistice agreement, Kim Il-sung has expanded weapons and military, completely preparing to invade the South. Knowing that there are such satanic villains, Heaven's side cannot just sit still.

So, is the democratic world closer to God's side or Satan's side? "God's side." Then, between the free world and the unified world, which is closer to God's side? "The unified world." Then let me ask one thing, if Satan says, "God! In our world, there are countless individuals who know how to change, but how many individuals in your world do not change? Show me, God!" What would God do? Knowing that there are none, God must... You must know that tragedy.

Then, "There are countless families going the opposite way of God's will, the way of change, but do you have an unchanging family? Show me an unchanging heavenly family!" What would you do? That's tragic. When there are many unchanging people in the world, God would want to boast about His authority, saying, "Hey! There are many more excellent, unchanging people than you!" Wouldn't He want to boast?

If Satan says, "In this world, I have a stage where I can do as I please and change at any time, but where is your country and your world?" What would you do? "Why don't you just give up your ideals and everything, and let me, Satan, take Adam's place? I'll serve you instead of Adam." What would you do? At that time, God says He cannot do that. That's great. We must know that we believe in such a great God. (Applause)

Look. When looking at Christianity or numerous world religions, when looking at the religious sphere that claims to have many believers on God's side, there is no individual God can boast about in front of Satan's accusation. There is no family. There is no tribe, no nation, no country. Such a God, if there is a person in history who stood up to defend such a miserable God, you must know that it is none other than Reverend Moon. (Cheers. Applause)

I, Reverend Moon, although my body is one, through my hands, God will create many unchanging individuals, many families, many nations, and one world that He can boast about. In Satan's world, Reverend Moon is now a problematic figure. Isn't that right? "Yes." God supports, and the world opposes.

So now, how is it? Comparing the fighting democratic world and communist world, the Unification Thought and Unificationism that can unify these two worlds have emerged. (Writing on the board while speaking. Applause) Members of the Unification Church are unchanging people. This is our pride. We are people who do not know how to change. Are you like that? "Yes." God does not change. We are the same. That is our asset and pride. This cannot be exchanged for any amount of money, any power, or anything in the world. We are not people who can be sold for a few bucks, power, or to women. We are not such cheap goods. I would rather choose an unchanging life of a beggar than a life that changes after ascending to the throne. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." The opposition and finger-pointing of the world against the path I, Moon, am going is not the issue. My path is urgent, my path. You must know that clearly.

Now, globally, in the academic, philosophical, religious, and historical intellectual world, and even in the scientific analysis world, the Unification Church has emerged as an indelible great form. At that time, how would God feel? Would God be tense or not? "Yes." Then, would God need an army? "Yes." Does God need an army? "Yes." For what? To protect itself. God does not need an army to strike the enemy. It is needed to protect itself. Do you understand? If you cannot defend, everything will be in big trouble.

In our body, there are white blood cells and red blood cells, and white blood cells are like the army, and red blood cells are like the police. They are needed. Why? They are needed to protect my life. Then, would Heaven need an army? Would it need police? You must be sure. Would Heaven need an army or not? "Yes." Is it "Yes" or "No"? "Yes." Which one is it? As I said earlier, in human blood, there are red blood cells and white blood cells, so are you saying to remove the red and white blood cells? "No." That "No" means they are needed. What's there to ask?

Then what would the army do in Heaven? The police, like red blood cells, protect internally, and then the army, if it pioneers externally, how wonderful would it be? To make the people live without working, mobilize the army to build roads and everything, and make them pay less tax, driving the young people. How exciting is that? It has mobility and is so good. Even if you do that, there is no complaint. Also, how wonderful would it be when constructing the International Highway? How about you? "It's good." That is not for fighting but for the construction of human welfare.

Now, with this, if an unchanging heavenly society is formed, it will replace the changeable Satan's world. Now, a clear definition has emerged. Not only in the historical development process but also in the historical purpose world, the definition has come out completely. If you were born as unchanging sons and daughters, lived as unchanging sons and daughters, and died as unchanging sons and daughters, you go to the eternal Heaven. It's simple. Then what kind of place is Heaven? What kind of person goes to Heaven? It's simple. The place where people who lived an unchanging life on earth go is Heaven. It's simple. The principle is simple.

You received the blessing through the teacher, so should you change or not change? "We should not change." It's a serious matter. Because you appeared as a revolutionary leader in a changeable world, when you live by creating an unchanging environment from a changeable environment, how wonderful is that? How wonderful is it to recreate changeable love into unchanging love? (Applause) The teacher is the same. The teacher is the same. The teacher has lived like that.

The other day was the teacher's birthday. Father's age is 63, and Mother's age is 40, a difference of 23 years. (Writing on the board while speaking) How changeable is this in terms of age? When the teacher was 40, Mother was 17, a fresh... I'm sorry, Mother. What should I say? A fresh, unripe, milk-smelling girl was taken as a wife, knowing everything in the world. At that time, Mother was changeable in terms of age. How daunting it must have been to think of making her an unchanging Mother? It's not that there were no brides at that time. There were plenty of brides like horses, cows, and sheep, drooling and hoping. (Laughter) There were plenty of women who could do anything, whether it was a Ph.D., a master's degree, diplomatic issues, or anything, but I took a daughter-like person as my wife. I didn't do it unknowingly.

Then why did it have to be like that? Because the principle was like that, there was no choice. Adam and Eve fell during their teenage years. Did Mother know the will? She knew nothing. You are happy because you know the will and do it. When I decided to die for the will after the 3-year course, the 7-year course, what was there for Mother to decide to die for? So there was no choice. Mother had to be raised and recreated. Adam must recreate Eve. Eve must be made after Adam's image and recreated as Mother. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Now she has become a wonderful Mother. So I entrust all authority to her. I even entrusted the living expenses. Now that she is over 40, I am relieved about such matters. (Cheers. Applause)

The only organization God can say is on His side is the Unification Church.

Look. Centered on the U.S. and the Soviet Union, the 40 years after World War II, from 1945 to 1985, is the most changeable time in history. The world has become so changeable. History testifies to that, right? It's a time when the leading countries and following countries are swapped, and colonial countries and colonial ruling countries are swapped. Everything is turned upside down.

Not only has history changed, but religion and families are also changing. Also, the young generation and the old generation are fighting over such issues, and the world is being shattered into pieces. It has become so completely changed that no one can handle and fix it. It has been made a complete mess.

Now, in the hearts or thoughts of young people in advanced countries, where is the country, where is the family, and where is the value of being human? Everything has changed. After doing this, Satan says, "God! No matter how much you hope for an unchanging world, the world has all changed. Whether you look at the trunk, the root, the branches, or the leaves, everything has been eaten by worms and rotted. What, Christianity ruling the world? Even Christianity has rotted and changed. America and American churches are ruled by the Communist Party. What, an unchanging ideal society? Get rid of it! Ptooey, ptooey, ptooey," and accuses God of everything. In every field, whether it's the economy, politics, culture, religion, or anything that was proud in the past or present, "You, what this and that, get rid of all ideals!" He accuses in all directions. "Is it on my side or your side?" He says. In such a tragic situation, would God say, "Well, let's wait and see," or not?

Then, who is the person God can say, "You are on my side," and what is the organization He can say, and who are the people He can say? "The Unification Church." The Unification Church. Therefore, to become a champion, the Unification Church must fight in the village, fight against the military, fight against the province, fight against the country, fight against the Asian bloc, fight against the democratic world, and fight against the communist world. It must become such a group.

In the American Super Bowl, like the Redskins and the Dolphins fighting, if you look at the world now, the Unification Thought team and the Communist team... The democratic team and the communist team have already been tested and are heading to the trash can. (Applause) The Redskins came out 40 years ago, and the fact that they won in Washington after 40 years is historical. And the quarterback is number 7, and then number 44, these are all principled numbers. One is a spiritual four-position foundation type, and the other is an earthly four-position foundation type. "With that name, we will definitely win," they cheered, and they were losing 17 to 10 in the first half but jumped in the second half. (Laughter. Applause)

Our Unification Church is now completely knocked out in the first half, beaten up and said to be completely ruined, and people say, "I don't like Reverend Moon," but how is it? What would God think? "Just wait and see!" Who would He tell to wait and see? Which organization would He tell to wait and see? When I think about it, there is no organization like the Unification Church. Where is it? Think about it. Is there any organization like the Unification Church in the world? Not just words, but the world is like that now. Isn't there anything other than the Unification Church? Scholars say it, uneducated people say it, factories say it, Koreans say it, and Japanese people all say it.

Now, people say, "I don't like Reverend Moon, but I like Reverend Moon's people." They are saying this. Do you understand? They are saying this. Do you understand? "Hey! Reverend Moon is a happy person because he has excellent people." (Laughter) So, did you make Reverend Moon, or did Reverend Moon make you? The making is production, creation, and creation, but when will it end? When will it stop? What will be made and then stop? This is the problem. The world and the U.S. Department of State are saying, "What is that Reverend Moon going to do?" Japan is afraid, Germany is afraid, the Communist Party is afraid, and there is no country or ideology that is not afraid, they are all afraid.

Now is the time to resolve God's historical resentment.

So, where should we go? "Moscow." Moscow. (Laughter) Moscow must go. Moon must go to Moscow. "Yes." Then what will you do when you go to Moscow? Will you return as a defeated soldier? "No, we will return victorious." Will one person stab the bellies of hundreds with a sword, or will you return by inspiring them with love? Which one is it? "We will return by inspiring them with love." Do you have such confidence? "Yes." Do you have confidence? "Yes." Do you know how strong the Soviet military is? Do you know how many troops they have? Can you handle that army, can you handle the Soviet Union? Can you handle Moscow, which rules the world? "Yes." With what? "With true love." Answering like that is a failure. With God's love. If we are with God, we win. We do it in God's name.

So we go out with the title "One Nation under God," "One World under God." How wonderful is that? (Applause) When the teacher came to America, he defined that "the end of changing America is not far." The day is not far when the strategic, ideological system of the Communist Party, which occupies by changing the environment with lies, will come. Until now, they have been changing with lies. We respond to that with truth. (Applause)

At that time, who would God tell Satan to wait and see? It is inevitable that He would say it to Reverend Moon and the Moonies. You must know such a fact. There are countless religions and people in the world, but without the Moonies, God has nowhere to go. There is no place for Him. God says, "In the remaining three years, in the three-year course that becomes more extreme, let the Moonies of the Unification Church demonstrate unchanging power!" These three years are the most changeable point among the 40 years. Now we are entering an environment where we declare an unchanging appearance to the world. How is it? "It's good."

To resolve God's historical resentment, God says, "Hey! I have raised you for several years, so now attack the changing Satan's world and show the unchanging reality, and resolve the resentment Satan accused of historically representing individuals, tribes, nations, and the world!" We have entered such a time. God has such resentment. So we must do it all at once. We must resolve this resentment at once. Should we do it, or shouldn't we? "We should."
It is possible for God to issue such special orders. 
Advance for the world and the Kingdom of Heaven as a soldier of Heaven
Today, even if Moon is on his deathbed, crippled, disabled, or fallen, 
what should I say, even if he is groaning in that position, everyone should 
march forward toward this goal, toward the target of victory, to relieve 
God's resentment. Amen! So we must eliminate Satan's side. "Amen!" Only 
then will God say, "Hey, Satan, how is it now that I told you to wait?" 
Then Satan will say, "God is right." Only then will God enter the throne 
of the Kingdom of Heaven, enter the royal palace, and Satan will fall into 
hell. And the earthly world will become the Kingdom of Heaven, and you 
will become the people of Heaven. Amen. "Amen" When the world of the enemy 
that has been accusing throughout history ends and the victorious Kingdom 
of Heaven arrives, this place will be the Kingdom of Heaven. Until now, 
even Moon has been going back and forth between Satan's side and God's 
side, but from now on, we must advance toward this final battlefield. 
262   
With the determination and resolution that your appearance is surely 
representative of God, advance to conquer the world with victory and take 
revenge on the enemy. Amen. So we become the heavenly soldiers of the 
Kingdom of Heaven. We become elite soldiers, elite soldiers. (Writing on 
the board) You must have such pride. 
The Soviet army is for the Soviet Union, and the American army is for 
America. There is no army for the world, and there is no army for the 
Kingdom of Heaven. Where is the army for this world? Didn't God also say 
that He needs an army? When looking at the Japanese army, which was 
shaking on Satan's side centered on the European front, Hitler's Nazi 
army, today's Soviet army, and the Japanese army, God wants an army that 
can remain as elite soldiers of the Kingdom of Heaven, stronger than 
those belonging to Satan's side, as an eternal army that cannot change. 
Those armies are armies of injustice; they stopped while advancing and 
disappeared while advancing, but our army advances forever. As long as 
this army exists, the boundary of peace is not violated. Isn't that 
wonderful? The victory of love is not violated. The Kingdom of Love is 
eternally guaranteed. As the eternal army of the Kingdom of Heaven, 
pledge to advance for the world and the Kingdom of Heaven, Amen. "Amen" 
(Applause) *

263 
About Me
Let's see those who can read Korean. Let's say a word and move on, since 
we're on the topic. 
 The Earth, where God resides, is the homeland of humanity
Everyone has a homeland, a homeland. There is a homeland. Then where is 
my homeland? For Americans, America is their homeland. Why do we like 
our homeland? It has all of our historical elements. It has a definite 
historical background centered on oneself. Then, one's current 
relationships are definite. Then, what about the future? We tend to 
view it centered on the future perspective of that country. Depending on 
the relationship between the present and the future, the issue of good 
countries and bad countries, developed countries and underdeveloped 
countries arises. And there is a desire to pursue a better country in 
the future. That's how it is. 
Our human ancestors are one. Then where is the homeland of our first 
human ancestors? The Bible says that God directly spoke about it. The 
homeland that our very first ancestors had is where God is. It's where 
God is. Then what kind of country is the country where God resides? It 
is the country called Earth. You must know that it is the country called 
Earth. Ultimately, the Earth was the land of a homeland that our future 
descendants would have. 
Then what was that homeland like in the past? It is directly connected 
to God. It is directly connected to God. Also, what will it be like in 
the present when it becomes so? At that time, it connects with an ideal 
world without the Fall. Because it is an ideal world, ideal people can 
live there, and ideal words, ideal hearts, and ideal love, and all ideal 
things can connect. What happens there? The ideal is progressive. It 
never falls. Even if it falls, it falls while advancing. 
Now, what are ideal culture and ideal words in an ideal world? Ideal 
words come from ideal thoughts. What are those ideal thoughts centered 
on? They are inherited from Heaven, the subject God. There, we come to 
know the concept of subject and object, subject and object. (Writing on 
the board) Then, what is it that humans today want to make the subject? 
Ultimately, everyone wants to return to God, the central being of the 
universe. Even though we are fallen humans, that desire is certainly 
there. It hasn't changed. 
 God and humans need an object centered on love
Now, we say God is the subject, but God is the invisible God, not the 
visible God. For women, since they can never have the value of the 
invisible, there must be a visible subject that is related to God by 
combining the visible and the invisible. It is visible. There must be 
an inseparable visible creation. Also, if that's the case for women, it 
will be the same for men. 
Then will men and women just look at each other? Men and women become 
one. You must know that. Laughing, touching, and so on. That's good. 
So, will it just end there? Will it just end there? 
265 
The issue here is that there must be something to praise. It must be 
something better than anything in the past, better than anything in the 
present, and better than anything in the future. Isn't that necessary? 
If so, women feel good, and men feel good. If you ask a man, "Man, what 
kind of object do you need?" he will say, "I need someone who likes me 
more than anyone else in the past, present, and future." Isn't that 
right? (Laughter) That's necessary. 
Then, what will you like most? Is it because you study, or because you 
talk? So, is playing the best, talking the best, or seeing the best? 
What is the most precious among them? What is the best centered on? 
People laugh too. You are laughing "haha!" but what is the best thing 
to laugh about? Did I say this before? Love is L, V. In short, L is 
long, and what is V? "Very" Add one more, and it's much. Long long, 
very very much. (Laughter)
So, do you dislike long long long forever, very very very forever, much 
much much forever? "No" Then will you eat more rice, or will you do 
long long, very very, much much? Which one is it? "Long very much" 
That's the same for all races, past and present. It doesn't change. 
It's unified. It's completely unified. 
Now, looking at it this way, what does God like? God doesn't need 
anything. He can make gold, diamonds, earrings, anything, even people. 
What can't He make? But God needs love. Then what does a man need? 
It's the same. Both men and women need love. Now, is the content of 
the love that God likes the same as the love that men and women like, 
or is it different? "It's the same" It's the same. 
Then why does God exist? Why does God exist? What does He live for? 
"For love" Joy, happiness, and then what else? "Love" When you think 
about it, when you summarize it, what we like are joy, happiness, and 
love. That's the conclusion. When you summarize everything, it's joy, 
happiness, and love. 
Now, is hope the center, is joy the center, or is love the center? 
What is the center? "Love" No matter who you ask, the conclusion is 
that "Ah! Love is definitely the center." Then, even if you say you 
are happy, if it's not based on love, that happiness is not happiness, 
and hope without love is not hope. Right? "Yes"
 The ideal homeland of the four-position foundation with love of subject and object
So, if there is a homeland that God needs, what kind of place is it? 
The place where the first love relationship was established becomes the 
homeland that God desires. Also, it becomes the homeland that humans 
desire. The foundation of the first love relationship becomes the land 
of the homeland. We can grasp such a concept here. 
When could God land His original ideal love on humans and the Earth? 
It hasn't happened until now. It hasn't happened in the fallen world. 
That's certain. It hasn't happened. Because the base of the homeland 
centered on love hasn't emerged, God hasn't found a culture centered on 
love or a language centered on love until now. God hasn't spoken the 
words He wanted to say, being moved by the heart of love. God hasn't 
spoken with the direction of "I want to do this and that" through words 
while intoxicated with love. A culture centered on the life of love 
hasn't emerged. A cultural background centered on the life of love 
hasn't emerged. So, today's world is a culture centered on love from 
the thoughts of the fallen world. It's different. The fallen world is 
completely different. 
Now, what is the word and culture that God wants to pass on to the 
human world? It's the word longing for the first love. Starting to 
speak centered on the first love. From the thoughts through the 
relationship of the first love, from the words of love, we cannot help 
but admire the original heart standard of love that can connect to the 
cultural standard of love. Do you understand? 
Looking at it this way, what is the Unification Church today? In this 
history of restoration, God established a religion to find the base of 
the homeland of love that God desires and to see the start of culture 
through words and love from God's original thoughts at the base of the 
homeland of love. The purpose of religion is to find that starting 
point, to return to the lost starting point. Therefore, the path the 
Unification Church is taking is to connect centered on that purpose. 
The Unification Church speaks of the true God. It is pursuing it. 
(Writing on the board while speaking) This is different. Until now, 
God was not the original God. Until now, God was a God of sorrow to 
restore the fallen world. Because humans were like this and that, God 
had no choice but to follow this and that. God followed humans to save 
them, not a world where humans followed God. It's different. You must 
know that. How about you? Hmm? "We follow God (in a small voice)" You 
lack confidence. (Laughter) You say you follow God, but you are also 
playing the game of "God follows me." 
Now, let's decide. Will you make God follow you, or will you follow 
God? "We will follow God" You say, "I want to follow God," but there 
are conditions attached to following. Set indemnity conditions and go, 
indemnity conditions. Do you understand? Do you like indemnity 
conditions? Everyone dislikes indemnity conditions. I'm the same way. 
(Laughter) But you can't help it. You can't avoid it. Of course, the 
title of today's speech is not indemnity. We love the true God, we 
serve the true God, and because the true God is centered on original 
love, we serve the true God. 
Then how can you become the true God? You need an object that can 
truly love. Otherwise, God is not true. Then what did God find in the 
world of true children centered on God's true love? Here, the term 
True Parents comes out, True Parents. (Writing on the board) It's 
theoretical. Right? Here, what does the true God find? True Parents, 
True Family. (Writing on the board)
Now, where is God's homeland? It is where True Parents and True Family 
are. Then where is the homeland of True Parents? It is where God, 
oneself, and children are. The homeland of True Parents is where God 
and children, who can love, the subject and object, are. The homeland 
is where the subject and object can have love. 
Then where is the homeland of children? It is where you can love your 
parents with God as the subject, and you can be loved as the object. 
That place is the original homeland of the four-position foundation 
spoken of by the Unification Church, the original homeland of the 
four-position foundation. (Writing on the board) What is that? It is 
the ideal homeland. Do you understand? "Yes" Why? Because it has the 
love of the true God, the love of True Parents, and the love of true 
children. Therefore, this becomes the foundation and expands into the 
ideal world, which is the ideal world. This four-position foundation 
has such principles. You must organize it all.
 
 The Korean language is the language of the original homeland
Now, where will you go? Where do you want to go? "To the homeland" 
You will go to the original homeland, the original homeland. When you 
go to that homeland, God is above, True Parents are there, and true 
children are there. How do you live when you go there? Well, you live 
by speaking. At that time, if you say, "I am American. I only know 
English," will it work? (Laughter) If you say that, and God, True 
Parents, and true children in that homeland don't know English, it 
becomes "I don't know you." Is there English and other languages in 
the original world? "No"
Then what language will God use? It is the language that can deal with 
the object as the subject through true love. That is the ancestor of 
the original language that all humanity must have. So, do you want to 
learn the original language? "Yes" Why? What is the original language? 
"Korean" Korean is the language of the original homeland. Why do you 
learn Korean? Because True Parents and the ideology of True Parents 
came from that country called Korea. Therefore, even if God dislikes 
the Korean language, it cannot be avoided because it is connected with 
Korea centered on love, so it cannot be said otherwise than the 
original language. Because it is the base that can connect with the 
starting base centered on God's original love, it cannot be avoided 
connecting it to the creation of a new culture, the creation of God's 
love culture, even if God dislikes it, because love is good. 
So, when speaking with God, did you use an interpreter, or did you 
communicate directly? "It must have been direct" So Mr. Han (the 
interpreter) is unnecessary. That's the principle. He's a bothersome 
existence. Right? Then, would Adam and Eve have needed an interpreter, 
or would they not have needed one? "They didn't need one" So, the 
Unification Church concludes that even if Reverend Moon tells you not 
to learn Korean, you cannot help but learn it to death. In Africa, 
those who speak Korean are people of one nation. Dark-skinned people 
speak Korean. They are people of one nation. That's how it is. Those 
who speak the original language are people of one nation. Right? 
Looking at it that way, how many boundaries are there because your 
language is different from the teacher's? X, X. There are such 
boundaries. You are not learning Korean, but I am learning English 
and doing this. It's reversed. Some Americans say, "Oh! Korean is 
too difficult to learn!" That's good. (Laughter) The original 
language must be the most difficult among the languages of the world. 
I think so. Fallen people should not speak recklessly. So, it must 
be the most difficult language. That's why Korean is difficult. 
That's more important than anything else. 
270   
If you are good at Korean, you can speak any language in the world 
well. The adjectives in Korean have content that no language in the 
world can match. It is extremely delicate. Even in expressing colors, 
it is expressed in analytical words that Japanese or Westerners 
cannot follow. 
 The language used by True Parents is the language of the original world
Mr. Han is good at English too, right? Then who is better at speaking 
English, Koreans or Japanese? "Koreans" In that aspect, they are 
truly talented. Wherever they go, in any country, they have the 
genius ability to acquire that culture, and at the same time, their 
level of language is high. Therefore, although you are learning 
Korean, I asked earlier if there is anyone who can read it. Now, if 
you don't learn Korean, how will you avoid the shame of not being 
able to use the original language like your parents on earth? 
Then, when God asks, "What language did you use on earth?" should 
you say, "I used English, God"? Is English the language of the 
fallen world or the original world? How will it be? It cannot be 
the original language, but it becomes the language of restoration. 
That's the problem. It's not the language used by True Parents. 
Do you understand? Why is the language of True Parents the original 
language? Because it can connect to the original base through the 
original love and ideal that God hoped for. Therefore, the conclusion 
is that the language cannot be anything but the ancestor of all 
languages. Then, will your ancestors say, "Hey, you rascal. Didn't 
you speak the language used by your parents on earth on behalf of 
your ancestors?" and attack you, or not? "They will attack" So, do 
you want to know Korean? "Yes" Is it "Yes" or "No"? "Yes" No, no, 
no! "Yes!" This is not coercion. It's theoretical. 
Now, can interpretation be 100% accurate, or can it be about 70% 
accurate? "70%" If you know Korean, I have confidence that I can 
completely bring you into the realm of God's heart. If I had come 
to this country in my thirties, I would speak English well, but I 
came in my sixties, and now I keep forgetting. It's that time now. 
At the age of the teacher, the tongue becomes stiff, and pronunciation 
is very difficult. Do you know how hard it is, more than ten times 
harder than for you young people? The reason you can't speak Korean 
is that you don't learn it. 
Why do Westerners want to get Korean women and men? "Hey, those 
kids are wise. They are trying to find a way to learn the language 
quickly, so they can't help it." I think like this. I don't think 
about anything else. Therefore, those who married Koreans should 
not speak English as much as possible and should diligently learn 
Korean. 
Then, those who think there is a need to learn Korean, raise your 
hand. Don't learn it! Don't learn it. (Acting while speaking. 
Laughter) "No" If you say "No," you should raise your hand. Even 
if I say I don't like it, those who would say "Ah! No," raise your 
hand. Hmm, let's see. So, for how many years, how many years? Let's 
decide. For three years, for thirty years? "For three years" From 
1985, when the teacher comes here, when speaking in America, it 
means that I can preach in Korean without using an interpreter, 
right? Aha! Then how good would that be? It's good. (Cheers. 
Applause) If this happens, the world cannot help but be unified. 
From this theoretical perspective, the world cannot help but be 
unified. It's theoretical. 
After ten years here, since you are trying to learn Korean, I am 
explaining it so clearly. I didn't explain it before. Even without 
explanation, they grabbed me and made a fuss, but if I force them 
to learn Korean, how much would they oppose, saying it creates 
slaves and Korean ghosts? Now that Reverend Moon has been judged 
as such a person, I can say anything more. No matter what I say, 
they say, "That's the kind of person he is." I can say anything. 
Now, even if I sit and curse to death, Americans will say, "We 
cursed, so we have to be cursed," and that's how it is. How 
convenient is that? How convenient is that? (Laughter. Applause) 
Then what kind of race are we? We are the race of love, the race 
of love. It is the race of original love, not fallen. Now, looking 
at it this way, about the title.... Shall we stop here today? 
"No"
 Learn the language of Korea, the advanced country of spiritual civilization
Until now, there is no one to oppose what has been said, right? 
Raise your hand if you oppose. "Oh! Reverend Moon forced everyone 
to learn Korean at Belvedere on such and such a day." Won't that 
be said? That word will spread. Then, does it mean that such words 
will never become rumors? Even if it becomes a rumor, it's okay. 
"If Reverend Moon said that on such and such a day," it's the truth, 
and when you explain it, gathering people who oppose it, it must 
be logically detailed.... Everything must be reasonable. How 
wonderful is this? It is explaining the reason that God wants, 
humanity wants, and everyone wants. If you oppose it, you are 
Satan, a demon. 
Now, when Koreans see you, if you speak Korean fluently, how would 
Koreans feel? Their eyes will be like this. (Making an expression. 
Laughter) Korea is an advanced country. What kind of advanced 
country? It's not an advanced country of scientific material 
civilization, but an advanced country of spiritual civilization. 
How is it? Which is more precious? Is it necessary to learn the 
language of an advanced country of material civilization, or is 
it necessary to learn the language of an advanced country of 
spiritual civilization? "The latter" America is a backward country. 
That's how it is. However, Korea is a global advanced country in 
that aspect. So you must take pride in learning Korean. Why? 
Because Korea is a spiritual advanced country. Therefore, the 
leader of such a world is Reverend Moon. 
Now, you must boast about learning Korean. You must think more 
proudly than those who learn English and boast about learning the 
language of an advanced country. In that sense, the children of 
blessed families in the West must speak Korean. What language 
should they speak? "Korean" The blessed people in America, 
273 
when their children say "father, mother," how hard is it to say 
"father, mother"? How good is "appa, eomma"? Father is appa! 
"Appa" Eomma! "Eomma" How easy is this? (Laughter) This is the 
original sound. Appa. "Appa" Eomma. "Eomma" (Laughter) 
When you say appa eomma, and you say "father, mother," and what 
else is there? "Mummy" Mummy. What is that? When you say "mummy," 
it reminds you of the Egyptian mummy. (Laughter) So the word mummy 
is like a living mummy.
It's not Mommy. That's a dead Mommy. (Laughter) That's what I'm saying. I don't like American Mommies. So, everyone, do you like Mommies? "No" (Laughter) Therefore, the children of blessed people have to learn 'mom and dad,' so they are forced to learn it in kindergarten. But everyone dislikes it. American couples all dislike it. (Laughter) In the future, you won't be able to avoid sending them to kindergarten to learn to speak. That time will come. It will definitely come. How famous do you think Reverend Moon will become in the future? Do you think he will become famous or not? "He will become famous." In contrast, what will happen to the Unification Church? If Reverend Moon becomes famous, the Unification Church will naturally become famous too. 

Now, the subject perspective has been established, the subject perspective? "Yes." Even if it's difficult for us, by doing this, the world will become one cultural sphere. Among my pledges, there is a saying that we boast one language. That is certainly possible. So, everyone, do you think it will be like that or not? When the Unification Thought moves the entire world, if you, as American members, have been here for 10 or 20 years and don't know Korean, you should know that you are in the failing zone in the realm of heart. That's not acknowledged. Do you understand? "Yes." It's busy. It's busy. When the entire world has to follow the Unification Thought, when foreigners come to Korea for gatherings, there will be no interpreters. They won't be allowed to use interpreters. Why would you need an interpreter in Korea? How about that? Even if they say, 'Reverend Moon is a dictator!' it's okay. If being a dictator can unify the world's languages, then it must be done. I like dictators. 

How about you all? "It's good." It's the same. 
We must build a bridge of true love that can communicate with God.
Now, let's erase this. (Pointing to the writing on the board) "Let's call it a small title." (Laughter) I talked about this because it's necessary, so you should know it. You should know the truth, but you don't know the truth. If you know the true principle, liberation occurs. Liberation occurs. 

Now, let's talk briefly. It's been over an hour and 15 minutes. Is that necessary? "Yes." In general churches, they say if the pastor goes over 45 minutes, they kick him out, but should we continue? (Laughter) Isn't that right? We're different. Why is that? Because we're crazy. What are we crazy about? We're crazy about love. We're crazy, but we're crazy about love. Then it's okay. We oppose being mentally crazy, but being crazy about love is welcomed by the universe. We're not mentally crazy. So, in the world of love, we can preach for ten hours or a hundred hours continuously. 

Now, if you tell Westerners to 'write about me!' it includes 'when, where, what was done.' When, where, what was done. That's how they write. Then, from the year 1900, all the way... It fits within a hundred years. Everything is different. The places are different, what they do is different, everything is different. So, when you say 'become one,' how will you make it one? All the purposes are different. What they do is different, so all the purposes are different. So, the purpose must be the same. 

Then what is the highest purpose? "True love." What is that? True love. It's true love. True love, historically past true love, present true love, future true love. True love connects everything. If you have done well with true love from the past until now, and you did well today, but if you don't practice true love from tomorrow, the true love until now will be cut off. The past true love will also be cut off. 

If God is the subject of true love, then what is the path God takes? The conclusion is that without a foundation of true love in the past, present, or future, God cannot proceed. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." So, without a foundation of past true love, present true love, and future true love on the path God takes, there is no path for God to come and go. 

Now, looking at it this way, among your ancestors, wherever and whatever they were doing, were there any ancestors who lived a life of true love? How about America? Were there more immigrants who first came to America, or were there more natives? "Natives." Who are the natives? "Indians." American Indians. So, whose land is this? It's the land of American Indians. Whose land is it now? "God's." It's not God's land. It's the land of white Americans. 

Then what happened to the American Indians? "They died." Saying they died of disease is just an excuse. Why did the Indians, who lived for thousands of years, disappear in just 400 years? Where is such a disaster? That's not an explanation. They were all killed, killed. That's right. So, is that a good country or a bad country? "It's a bad country." That's how it's viewed. 

Therefore, no matter how well America has done until now, when it comes to whether there is a bridge of love that can communicate with God, there isn't. So, all religions and people within that realm will be destroyed at the end. When America, which has been leading the free world, is on the verge of collapse, know that the end has come. What was sown in blood is reaped in blood. Therefore, I know that if left alone, whites will all be massacred by communists. I see it as a racial war massacre. Therefore, the path for whites in the future is only a path stained with blood. Who will cause the racial war? The communists will do it, the communists. The black-and-white war is seen as extremely dangerous. 

In that sense, someone like Reverend Moon is here to adjust the black-and-white issue. He has been adjusting the black-and-white issue until now. So, what Reverend Moon teaches is to make whites serve blacks. If it becomes a foundation where they naturally want to do this, there is hope for America, hope. Such a religious movement is being carried out. For the first time in American history, Reverend Moon's thought has emerged, and the movement that makes it possible in reality on this land is the Unification Movement. You must know that. 

God's love naturally subdues enemies.
Now, when you say 'a day,' it's day and night. That's what a day is. Black and white are relative. Do you understand? "Yes." When drawing a picture, it's developed with the contrast of black and white on white paper. That's a picture. Whites are like the day, and blacks are like the night. Whites like the day, don't they? The day must seek the night, and the night must seek the day. That's the movement of the universe. 

When you look at a ranch, there are many cows, yellow cows, spotted cows, black cows, white cows, but can only white cows go in front of white cows, and spotted or black cows can't? It's the same in the world of dogs. Black dogs, yellow dogs, spotted dogs, mongrels, how about that world? "It's the same." Then, do animals like dogs or cows marry each other or not? "They do." It's the same, the same. 

Then, if you ask blacks, 'Do you all want to marry whites?' a hundred percent say 'yes,' but if you ask whites, a hundred percent say 'no,' so what's going on? That's wrong. It's not natural. 

When you look at blacks, there's a lot to study. I spend a lot of money elsewhere, but now I'm thinking of spending money to research a drug that, if applied to black skin, will change it into a more beautiful color than white skin in about one second. How about that? (Laughter) There's no problem. Researching such a drug. How about that? "It's good." When that happens, people will say, 'Oh, I prefer being black!' At that time, the Environmental Agency will say, 'Reverend Moon is destroying the environment.' But it's done by force. Can you not do it? You can't not do it. 

Now, white people, answer. Is it 'no' or 'yes'? "No." Why 'no'? You should say 'yes.' "It's a good idea." If it's a good idea, I'm thinking of spending tens of millions of dollars to have all the world's famous chemists research it. How about that? Should we research it or not? White people, raise your hand if you think it's good. (Laughter) How about blacks, blacks? (Laughter) Everything natural is good. It's contrasting. That's how you think. Spring, summer, fall, and winter are all different. So, you should like spring, summer, fall, and winter completely. That's how it is. So, you must love nature. 

Now, just as in your ancestors' time, there was no bridge until now, so God is here, and people are here. (Pointing to the board while speaking) Then how do you build this bridge? (The recording is briefly cut off)

What power brings true love? "The power to become one." Does it just become one? How does it become one? "Through true love." True love has the power to love enemies. You must know that. That's the difference between Satan's love and God's love. Satan's love cannot love enemies. But God's love can love enemies. It can love enemies. 

Now, what is God's love? It doesn't force submission. It naturally subdues. It waits for a long time. Love is like that. It says love endures long. Do you understand? Therefore, God's country, the true country of God's love, is trying to establish a base in the homeland of the extremely evil enemy world. How about that? 

So, what is the Unification Church? What is Reverend Moon practicing now? It's about practicing this on a national level. That's worldism. During the wars of the world, there was a time when world-class countries became enemies at once. That was World War II. It corresponds to the last war in human history as a real war. That's how it's viewed. Now, if a war breaks out, the world will be destroyed. 

After World War II, the United Nations should have been formed centered on the Christian Democratic Party.
Now, then, why is World War II the last war? You reap what you sow. You reap what you sow. In principle, what was sown in the Garden of Eden centered on God was Adam, Eve, and the archangel. (Pointing to the board while speaking) So, Adam and Eve were enemies, and they were all enemies, enemies. Enemies fight. As it develops, it became the Adam nation type, Eve nation type, and archangel nation type, and on a global scale, these three forms combined to become Satan's side. Satan's side emerged. (Pointing to the board)

But when such a realm is created, on God's side, according to the principle of restoration, the Adam, Eve, and archangel nation types are settled on a global scale. (Pointing to the board while speaking) Who played this role? It was developed centered on England. England gave birth to America. So, the lineage is connected. It is connected here. So, these two have always been one. (Pointing to the board while speaking) And here, the archangel realm is France. France and England have different cultural spheres. This is the archangel of the heavenly kingdom, so it becomes one with Adam and Eve here. It becomes one with God. The content is different. So, as Satan has been doing this program, God also has no choice but to prepare the heavenly program. 

Now, what is this? It's Japan. In terms of gods, it's Amaterasu Omikami, a female god. Japan is the country with the most gods in the world. The concept of Yaoyorozu no Kami (myriad gods) means there are infinitely many gods, about 80,000. It symbolizes a woman without chastity. It symbolizes such a woman. 

Next, what is Hitler in Germany? It's totalitarianism. It's global. Germany is masculine. The people are all masculine. 

On Satan's side, it's the exact opposite of Japan. By connecting Japan and Germany in the East and West, the free world also has no choice but to go on the global stage. It follows. It's different in content, even though they are enemies. Italy is going back and forth here. If you look at France now, it's entered the communist sphere, right? Italy is in a similar position. Italy is the same. You must know that the war between this national bloc and this bloc was World War II. 

Now, who won World War II? America, representing Adam, won, centered on America, England, and France. Therefore, they must completely take over this Satanic world. They must completely take over. Therefore, the entire world must be unified into a Christian cultural sphere. America didn't know this. They created the United Nations, but what should the United Nations have been? They should have created a new party centered on Christianity. The United Nations organization should have been created centered on the Christian Democratic Party, the Christian Democratic Party. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." Under such a background, the United Nations should have been an organization supporting the Christian Democratic Party, the world party. It should have been the parliament of all Christian countries worldwide. It should have been that way. 

But now, how is it? It's like a parliament supporting the Communist Party, with the Communist Party as the background, for the benefit of the Communist Party. This must be torn down. Who pays the money? America pays the entire cost of the United Nations. It's like a parliament with a Communist Party background, and it must be torn down. That's the current position of the United Nations. That's the current situation. 

The reason we are anti-communist
Then, since World War II until now, has there been no power to digest such enemies at this boundary line? Do you understand? They won, but there was no power to digest and absorb them. At that time, what appeared was the Unification Church, the Unification Church ideology. It's the Unification Church ideology. If America and the free world had united with Reverend Moon at that time, they would have managed this entire world and more. But they opposed it. Did they oppose God and Reverend Moon being united? They all opposed it. (Pointing to the board while speaking)

Communism opposed God here and attacked the entire world, the free world. As a result, more than half of the free world was invaded by the Communist Party. Because they opposed heaven, they were dragged to the Satanic side and invaded, and we must take back what was taken by fighting again, which is our Unification Church. That's why Reverend Moon emphasized anti-communism. That's why we are anti-communist. Do you understand? 

Here, the power of God and Reverend Moon combined, and today these two worlds, the democratic world and the communist world... The democratic world, having opposed heaven, became a tool of manipulation within the Satanic realm, opposing heaven, and currently, in a position of opposing heaven, united with the Communist Party and all religions, the entire globe is launching a total attack on Reverend Moon. These two, one is the communist world, and the other is the democratic world, are united and attacking even now. (Pointing to the board while speaking)

Then where did the United Nations go? Where did the heavenly United Nations go? A new heavenly United Nations must emerge. So, how do we create a unified authority of this form on the foundation of victory over such opposition? That's the problem. (Pointing to the board while speaking)

Now, how is the globe, the earth? The entire world and the Unification Church are standing like this. This is the globe. (Pointing to the board) Who occupied this? The Communist Party occupied everything. Only this little bit is occupied by the Unification Church. Who stood at the forefront here? Reverend Moon stood at the forefront. Here, the Moscow conference was declared. The march to Moscow was declared. That's the kind of fight we're in. So, you must understand that we can't help but be anti-communist.

The Unification Church is fighting to restore what the free world and Christianity failed to do, what Christianity representing the free world failed to do. In this position of restoration, historical Satan is mobilizing the world to launch a total attack on the Unification Church. That was the peak in 1976. Right? Now, there is no era where the Unification Church is attacked more. It's gradually crumbling.

In this situation, the entire free world must create a Christian Democratic Party to establish a United Nations that can confront the Communist Party, surpassing and stronger than this. That's the logic that emerges here. To confront the Communist Party, superior and stronger than this....

So, what Reverend Moon has been doing so far is organizing all theologians through the interdenominational movement. You must know that he is organizing theologians from the entire free world and organizing the numerous religions of the free world. So, all religious people must unite to defend against the Communist Party, the enemy of God and humanity. We must defend against the Communist Party.

The Unification Church Home Church movement to save America
Then what must be done? America must take the lead. Currently, it's my enemy, but if this enemy country collapses, the established foundation of the heavenly nation will be threatened, so we have no choice but to protect this collapsing country. That's why the Washington Times was created, and the Unification Church is now launching a full-scale offensive to break down today's corruption. The full-scale offensive is being launched. It starts from the first day of March.

From this perspective, since the world cannot be managed with Indians, God blessed the whites. Even if it means sacrificing the Indians, this work must be accomplished, so the American continent has been developed until now. You must know that it is a land of God's blessing. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." In preparation for the great offensive of Satan, you must know that God is using the whites because they are close to having the ability and prepared environment to defend against it. However, even though they won World War II, they didn't know the path to take after victory. They won, but they failed.

Then what is communism? Communism is the symbol of the Satanic side representing the ideology of the Second Coming. Therefore, if Christianity does not have all the conditions to welcome the returning Lord, it will be in a position to lose its global foundation, so the Christian cultural sphere has a theoretical basis for being dominated by communism. The principle that evil prepares before good appears is the basis for today's war. It's global. Evil appears before good. It's against capitalism, against it. It comes out centered on the ideology representing workers and farmers. It's centered on Stalin, reaching the highest peak and representing the world. This world representation was decided during Stalin's era.

Therefore, our Unification Church now takes on a world-historical responsibility to unite the Christian cultural sphere and defend against communism. Christianity opposes it, so you must know that we are doing this play as a movement confronting the Christian cultural sphere centered on the Unification Church group. So, we are doing this play centered on legal battles, similar to Jesus' legal battle with Rome.

Therefore, Reverend Moon is holding onto Christianity, which is in the position of Cain, from the position of Abel, trying to save it. He is hitting Cain. Restoring this is the quickest way to save the world, so rather than holding onto the members of the Unification Church, it's quicker to hold onto this, even if it means sacrificing you, to save the world. So, Reverend Moon and the Moonies are holding onto America and pulling it to our side.

This movement will be conducted for three years starting from the first day of March. If it is not done within three years, America will drift away forever. If that happens, America has no path. Just as the Israelites were surrounded in Egypt and restored Canaan for 40 years, after World War II, the 40 years must be a breakthrough to cross over to a new Canaan restoration, a new world ideal. That's the Principle perspective.

We are now left with three years of the 40 years. The 40-year wilderness period is considered over. By 1985, during these 40 years, the entire world will undergo transformation. The whole world will be overturned. A confusion will arise where you don't know whether it's heaven or earth. You won't know anything. A chaotic era where you don't know what is true will unfold.

During Moses' time, just as the Israelites who followed Moses during the 40 years in the wilderness, when Moses went up to Mount Sinai to receive the tablets, they all became corrupt and confused, centered on Aaron. During the 40 years, they forgot the Christian subject ideology and all sorts of things like immorality, free sex, alcoholism, and homosexuality occurred. Everything happened. Communism emerged, causing chaos, chaos. Ideological chaos, family chaos, love chaos, male and female chaos occurred. When Moses was not there, they worshiped idols, and when Jesus came, they all ran away.

In that turmoil, Reverend Moon appeared, trying to kill the foundation established centered on Moses. The same thing is our Home Church movement, Home Church. Do you understand? This is the way to live. Just as you must look at the bronze serpent when bitten by fiery serpents in the wilderness, this is the way to live.

Let's plant the flag of the heavenly nation in Moscow.
Therefore, from the first day of March, we must teach all of America and the free world that the Unification Church is right and can lead to the world of God's will within three years. Let's enter that world. Just as they followed Moses to the land of Canaan, let's go to Moscow. Do you understand? Just as they advanced against the seven tribes of Canaan, I see that the time has come to issue an advance order against the 12 or more communist countries. How many countries are there now? Are there all over ten countries? "There are about 40 countries." No, just the satellite countries.

You must know this. We must be aware that we are soldiers of the heavenly nation. We are soldiers of the heavenly nation, receiving the order to destroy and occupy America's corrupt homosexuality, drug gambling, and all. You must know that.

So, I investigated Las Vegas and Atlanta. Squeak! (Mimicking the sound while speaking) If we don't take this path, America has no way to survive. Who is doing this play in America? Only Reverend Moon is doing it. All drugs... Also, because the Communist Party uses violence, we mobilize the karate association and 'squeak!' do it. Was there a martial arts dojo like a seminary in religious history? There is a dojo here in Belvedere. We never attack first. Just attack first. When they do, for defense, 'squeak!' do it. If God says to do it, we must do it. If He says, 'Go and fight once,' we say 'okay.' When He gives the advance order....

Therefore, what we are doing now is gathering about 200 leaders in America, centered on CAUSA (Confederation of Associations for the Unification of the Societies of the Americas), and launching the CAUSA movement. Everyone is fighting now.
Standing Mr. Park. Understand? Since America won't listen, they are trying to win over all of South America and play their game through it. 
That's why the Reagan administration is most troubled by Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador, and I'm getting involved there. I'm doing what America can't do. I said that within five years of the fall of Vietnam, South America would be drawn into a situation like the Vietnam front. And it happened within five years. Should Vietnam disappear? You foolish Ford of America! Was that in 1974? No, it was 1975. That's how South America turned out. Even Castro of Cuba will melt in my hands. 
So, in 40 days, I trained a thousand people in Honduras to create unificationist teachers.... Centered on Honduras, in June, about 200 journalists from the free world will gather and educate all journalists from six Central and South American countries—centered on Panama, Honduras, El Salvador, then Guatemala, and Nicaragua—on anti-communism and plan to promote it worldwide. 250 journalists worldwide....
285 
With this, I plan to visit Guatemala, Honduras, and even Nicaragua, where a communist regime was established during Carter's time. Try not to let me visit. The entire free world media will attack and threaten. Then all the journalists will have the presidents of those countries host banquets for them. In six countries. So, the public relations officers and journalists of those countries will report on their country's situation. Then everything about how the communists operate will be exposed. And they are told to fight. 
So, who provides the money? America? Who provides it? "Father." Who does Father represent? "God." Representing God, the free world, and all humanity, I bear the cross alone for humanity. You must know that Rev. Moon is walking the modern path of the cross. Without planting the flag of the Kingdom of Heaven in Moscow, I cannot return to my hometown. Isn't that right? Then the only thing left is the ideology of unification. 
 To save America from the encroachment of communism
So, as I said earlier, if Rev. Moon starts the bridge of God's love and makes it pass from the present to the future, the original world where God can freely come and go will be realized. This is theoretical. It's a world where God can freely come and go on this earth. Understand? From then on, the realization of the Kingdom of Heaven on earth begins. This is not just talk. 
World War II was historically the final war of reaping what was sown. Why? Because it was the end of the world where the Adam and Eve nation and the archangel nation on God's side and the Adam and Eve nation and the archangel nation on Satan's side fought against each other. Then what kind of world is it after that? It's a world of the original God, the original Adam nation, and the original Eve nation. Then the archangel becomes the son of the archangel, Cain and Abel. When these two unite, the Abel nation and the Cain nation of the archangel, these four nations will unite and start as a world nation. (While writing on the board)
286   
It's a fight to restore what belongs to Satan to God's side. Now that restoration has been achieved, the original Adam nation, Eve nation, and archangel nation, with Cain and Abel, these two nations united as four nations will unite on God's side and start globally, leading to the conclusion of a perfect ideal unification world. 
In that sense, the Adam nation is seen as Korea. Then what is America? "The archangel nation." Among the archangels, there are two nations, Cain and Abel. Do you understand? Our Unification Church has these four major nations as enemies. During World War II, all four major nations were enemies, enemies. If the free world had united, the Christian cultural sphere would have laid the foundation and advanced into the world. At that time, there would have been no communism. However, due to opposition, an amazing thing happened where the foundation had to be laid within the enemy's sphere. That's why Rev. Moon suffered so much. Do you understand? 
Instead, what is it? Satan came out and... Now America is almost consumed by communism. Moscow thinks America is theirs. America, which lost in Vietnam, has nowhere to go. If America fights a war like Vietnam again, it will lose again. That's theoretical. Communists in America always fight like that and encroach. They can do it through labor unions, campuses, and media organizations. Can America withstand it? "No." They are all drugged and half-dead, mentally insane young people. They have become like rotten radish heads. In that state, they cannot survive communism. That's how it's seen. Even if left alone, they will fight among themselves and collapse. 
However, there is Rev. Moon's group in America. That's the issue. From Korea, where there is opposition, in Seoul, the base was laid, and in the midst of opposition in American campuses and the American state, the foundation is being laid. You need to know that. 
287 
Now, you all know the Carter couple, right? Do you know they are communist remnants? *Rev. Moon is in the position of most opposing communism. That position is like a seed in the free world. That's the biggest issue for communists. No matter how strong communists are, they cannot help but disappear because of the Unification Church. (Applause) No matter how strong communists are, Unification Church members can repel them all. Because God is with us.... 
Unification Church members can boast of God as much as they want. (*From here, speaking in English)
That's the kind of fight we're in. You need to know that we are in such a tremendous fight. But you are afraid of dying.... You scoundrels!
 Women should become heavenly warriors building the bridge of love
So, do you have such pride? "Yes." *Most American women are in the position of the devil. Sometimes they are stronger than Satan. However, our Unification Church women should stand in the original position of women. Original women can dominate angels. That's the principled viewpoint. Do you understand? "Yes."
Therefore, Unification Church women should become strong heavenly warriors. Even in Castro's or the Soviet army, women play an important role. (*From here, speaking in English)
Can you do that too? "Yes." (Laughter) So, American women are being trained to dominate men. (Laughter) I see it that way. If we don't do this, it won't work. It must be principled. It must be revenge. Adam is just watching. You must win over the men of the free world. Our men are just watching. (Laughter) After defeating the men of the satanic world, you meet your husband as Eve. Until now, in the satanic world, two men dueled, and the winner went to the woman. Similarly, now is the time for women on God's side to duel and win. Who do they duel with? "Satan." Men on Satan's side. After winning there, you can meet your husband. That's the principle. Isn't that wonderful? That's not my word. That's the principle. 
*Who destroyed the bridge of love in the beginning? "Eve." Then who should build the bridge of love in reverse? "Eve." That's the principle. (*From here, speaking in English) That's why Japanese women are being mobilized. Do you know why Japanese women are being mobilized to America this time? "Yes." Through whom? Through the command of Rev. Moon, the husband, the Adam nation of Korea. Japan, the Eve nation, is the enemy nation. 
Why? To save America and to save Germany. They were enemies in the past. Korea and Japan are enemies, right? Japan and America are enemies, right? America and Germany are enemies, right? These must become one. They must love each other and establish a tradition here for the Kingdom of Heaven to begin. It's amazing. That's why missionaries are sent, Japanese, Americans, and Germans together. They are told to become one. Korea, Japan, America, and Germany were enemies. This can't be done. 
 The enemy nations Korea, Japan, America, and Germany must unite
Why do it this way? Why send them this way? Then what do these missionaries do? They must follow the Japanese, the Japanese. The Japanese are women, so they are nurturing. Therefore, America must cooperate with Japan. These two nations are like Abel and Cain. Like sons. That's why Japanese people are put forward. Understand? You might think, 'Why bring Japanese people to America?' I know that too. I know you dislike Japanese people, but it can't be helped. Also, even if you ask why Korean representatives are brought, it can't be helped. The principle is like that. It can't be done without this. It can't be done without going through the mother. America doesn't know that. Isn't that how it's being done? 
Now, raise your hand if you oppose this. Raise your hand if you oppose it. 
289 
'Why put Koreans and Japanese in the front? Why put Americans last?' But America is destined to collapse. Just combine these two ideologies. Why did I bring the German leader Rainer this time? Because the principle says so, it can't be helped. That's why I came to this enemy nation. We must lay the foundation in this enemy nation. It can't be helped. 
In the future, unless Americans, Japanese, Germans, and Koreans pass together in one household and receive a pass stamp, they won't be given a citizenship card of the Kingdom of Heaven. They won't be given a national ID. It can't be done. You must have such a certificate. Otherwise, you can't go to heaven. So, you must unite with such a family, but do you dislike it personally? This is a command from heaven. Why would Rev. Moon, the smart Rev. Moon, bring in such difficult things? Why do this? Just abandon it. And these countries are now holding all the economic power of the world, America, Germany, and Japan. 
Then you might think, 'Oh, what about us Africans?' But when these four countries become one, equality will come. These people are doing it representatively. What happens to us? We are all included behind the tradition of these fateful nations. That's why I am focusing on German technology and nationally.... Hong is here now. In the future, Rev. Moon will influence the Japanese government through the academy, the Washington Institute, and the American government, the free world, and the communist world. You must know that. 
Now, when this becomes one, based on the principle of indemnity restoration, will it pass or not? (Pointing to the board) "It will pass." It will all pass. When it all passes, it remains on God's side. That's why I am taking responsibility for the German issue, the American issue, and the Japanese issue and spending money now. Right? So do you support me, or do I support you? "You support us." Until you grow up, until you become adults, I am investing. That's what I'm doing. Do you understand what I'm saying? 
Then, what does this mean? From here, the bridge of the Kingdom of Heaven connects everywhere. The bridge of love connects everywhere. (Writing on the board) This is not a vague story. It is a worldview based on the principle of indemnity, a worldview. This is unificationism. (Writing on the board) What is it? It is loveism. So now, in America, which is collapsing, a new sprout is emerging, and it is a time to cross over to a new heaven. You must know that now is the time to cross over. Understand? Then, if I command, will women do anything? "Yes." By boat, you will... (Laughter) It's not a fight with weapons, but an ideological battle. We are at war now. 
 We must create a new UN centered on unificationism
If I keep talking like this, I could talk for days. What is this? To talk about the bridge of love, I have to unravel all of world history. Only then can this be understood, so it can't be helped. Just as the world communist party is a single party, our heavenly nation must have such a party to restore through indemnity. There must be a Christian Unification Democratic Party in the Kingdom of Heaven, and there must be a UN in the Kingdom of Heaven. Who will create that? America must create it. It must be indemnified. America created the UN on Satan's side, so unless it creates one on God's side, America has no way to survive. 
*Now, communist countries are dominating the UN. The UN has gone over to Satan's side. God wants a stronger UN on God's side. Therefore, the democratic world must first create a single party and then create a UN. Only then can it govern the satanic world. God wants it to be that way. Do you understand? "Yes." Who should create it? "God." America must create it through the path of indemnity. America must create a new UN. But Americans are not creating such a UN. That's why our Unification Church members are trying to create such a UN. Why? "According to the principle..." For America. (*From here, speaking in English)
So, centered on what? Unificationism. Without this, communism cannot be digested. This is a fact revealed to the world. It has been tested in Japan, and it has been tested in South America. Now in America, from the 26th, CAUSA (Confederation of Associations for the Unification of the Societies of the Americas) has started. It is being done through South America. It was yesterday, yesterday. 
 Building the bridge of heart and obtaining the key of heart
Now, should I continue? Let's stop now, as time is up. To reach the title, there's a long way to go. However, this clear providential view of the end of the world is necessary for you. Isn't that right? We will definitely go this way. We will definitely go this way. If not, Rev. Moon will create it. This is not a vague statement. It is all principled, principled. It is a principled statement. It is all contained within the vast principle. Isn't that right? 
The knowledge you have is not in any library of Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Cambridge, or Oxford. You must know that we are learning something that is not in any library in the world. You must have pride. It's not in any library in the world. Where is it? It is in Rev. Moon's library of heart. (Laughter) It's only there. You must have the key of heart to that library of heart. *To open the door of the library of heart, you must have the key of heart. (Laughter) I plan to stay here for a long time. (Laughter) The key of heart can open everything. (*From here, speaking in English. Applause) Let's extend this to next week, next week. Let's extend it. Is that okay? (Laughter)
Now that you know the world, you need to know how I connect to the world 
292   
and what's left is understanding that. Knowing that, I now have the key of heart.... To have the key of heart, you must build the bridge of heart. Only then will you receive the key of heart. So, 'To go anywhere through the bridge of heart, I will smash and advance against anything that opposes it, to obtain the key of heart, I will advance! Amen,' let's raise our hands. Hmm, you all are good! (Laughter. Applause) *
 
293 
Completion of restoration through indemnity
Have all the leaders gathered today? "Yes." How many general people are there? "Half with the leaders."
 There is a vast content involved in believing in Jesus
(Title written on the board) Do you understand this? "Yes." In English, it's said in one word. (Laughs) One is human responsibility, then indemnity restoration, and the completion era can come out like this. So, the era of total responsibility, the era of indemnity, the era of completion, like this....
Now, the term indemnity restoration that Rev. Moon of the Unification Church speaks of, general Christians think, 'Isn't this term of indemnity restoration a cruel term for the God of grace, the God of gifts, the God of mercy?' They think that just believing in the merits of Jesus' cross is enough. 
To what extent does believing in Jesus go? Is it Jesus within the family, or Jesus within our tribe, or Jesus within the nation, or Jesus within the world? This is a big issue. Is it Jesus within the universe, or Jesus within God? There is vast content involved there. 
294   
Now, what is the scripture verse that Christians love to recite? It's John 3:16. It says, 'For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish.' Christians today forget 'For God so loved the world.' The world refers to the entire universe. God so loved the world that He sent Jesus. It's not that He so loved the church, Judaism, or the Jews, but He so loved the world that He sent His only Son. 
Who is Jesus? He is the central figure of the world. He came to save the world. Believing in Jesus means that the world is included in that belief. God is included, the earth is included, the whole is included, but they don't know that concept. 
Then, when believing in Jesus, should you only believe in what Jesus likes, or should you also believe in what Jesus dislikes? The conclusion is that you should defend against what Jesus dislikes and believe in what He likes. So, what does He dislike? Satan and sin. You must completely defend against these and believe in heaven from a sinless position, a position defended against Satan. You can't believe in Jesus while being one with Satan and sin. Do you understand? 
That's why Jesus said, 'Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is near.' What should you repent for? Repent for being with sin and Satan. So, what do you repent for? Repent for that. After repenting for that, completely clearing it up, believe in heaven, welcome the kingdom of heaven. The realm of belief that Jesus governs is a place without Satan, an environment and people and nation that God can love. He wants to govern such things, not things with Satan and sin. 
 The reason Christians have become individualists
Then, has Jesus so far cleared away Satan and sin and created individuals, families, nations, and a world that absolutely believes in God? Are the people who believe in the church all in such a position? 'Ah, we are in a world of freedom and peace centered on God's absolute faith realm, unrelated to the world of Satan and sin, centered on love, in the kingdom of heaven.' Can anyone say this? "No." Whoever is asked will say 'No.' No one will say 'Yes.' That means even in the church, Satan follows, and there is plenty of sin. 
Then, if the things hated in the satanic world and the things hated in the church are the same, which will Satan like more? Will he like what is hated in the church more, or what is hated in the satanic world? "What is hated in the church." Why is that? Why does Satan like what is done in the church more? Why does he like it more? You must know that. It's to accuse before God. 'Before your church hates and envies people, they should love, but since they hate and envy, it must be my church,' he can claim as a condition of accusation. 
Then what will happen to such a church? It must perish along with the satanic world. If God exists, it must be so. Then when? At the end, such churches will perish. Before the world perishes, the church will perish first. What time is it now? It's a time when that can happen. 
What surprised me when I came to America is that the worst words are Jesus Christ or Oh God! How did such words become the worst words to replace good words.... Are they used in good times or bad times? "Bad times." Why did it become like that? The best words became the worst pronouns. Have you heard that Christians, those who believe in Jesus, are worse than ordinary society people? "Yes." That means those who claim to believe in God are more evil, more individualistic. Have you heard that while evangelizing? 
That represents who? Representatively, it means Jews are like that, Americans are like that. Then why did Americans become individualists? Is Jesus an individualist? Is God an individualist? "No." Then why did Americans, who claim to believe in Jesus, who represent a nation that believes in Jesus, become individualists? If they believed in Jesus, they wouldn't become such people. Why did they become like that while believing in Jesus? That means, in short, they used belief in God, belief in Jesus for their own benefit. They believed for their own benefit, not for God's or Jesus' sake. The conclusion is different. Do you understand? Then does that match the original intent of God sending the Messiah to believe? Did the result of our belief today match that original intent, or did it become a different result? "A different result..."
There's a defect there. What is the defect? It's because they had the thought, 'If you believe unconditionally, all blessings become mine.' This thought is ingrained. They think they can have everything, that God blesses them. What does that mean? It means they are people who want to make everything theirs without cost. That's a thief. It's a thief's mindset. It's a thief's faith. 
 Jesus walked the path of the cross to create a world God loves
Then, looking at Jesus himself, did Jesus believe, 'If I believe in God unconditionally, the Roman Empire, the nation of Israel, all become mine'? "No." So Jesus didn't become like that, but can those who believe in Jesus become like that? "No." The position of Jesus believing in God and your position of believing in Jesus are different. 
297 
Then, between Jesus believing in God and you believing in Jesus, which position is higher? "Jesus believing in God." You said Jesus believing in God, right? Then, did Jesus believe in God with the grace of God?
'Rome and the world are mine. Believe unconditionally,' didn't work, but does it work for you? Is that theoretical and reasonable? 'It will become a millennium world. In the millennium world, the ideal world, we become the sons and daughters of God. We become citizens of God's nation.' Is that possible?

If so, why did Jesus preach? What were the 12 apostles, the 70 disciples, and the 120 disciples for? Why did he suffer persecution, and why did he carry the cross? If he had just sat and believed quietly, it would have been fine. But if the path Jesus took was the right one, then it cannot be denied that he went that way because the purpose could not be achieved without going through such persecution. It proves here that the path where the purpose can be achieved is one that cannot be taken without suffering persecution and shedding blood. So, does it seem like what Reverend Moon said is correct, or just similar? "It's correct."

Then why did Jesus go that way? To save the world. Because 'God so loved the world,' and since there was no nation or environment where God could love the world, it was to create an environment where God could love the world. For that, who should take responsibility? Jesus should take responsibility, and those who believe in Jesus should take responsibility. This is a natural theoretical conclusion. The fact that 'God so loved the world' means that Jesus should make it possible to love like that. Since it says 'so loved,' Jesus has the responsibility to create a world where God can love like that.

A religion that sacrifices itself to save the world must emerge. Christianity is now a global religion, America is a Christian nation, and there are dozens of countries centered on Roman Catholicism worldwide, but can God love this world that Christianity does not hold? Can He? "No." Is it a Christian realm that Satan can love, or a Christian realm that God can love? It is a Christian realm that Satan can love, not a Christian realm that God can love. Do you know that Christianity is now becoming a tool of communism under the name of liberation theology? So God cannot love it.

Why am I saying this? Among those who came here, there are people who used to believe in Christianity, but you should not long for the old Christian life because the life in the Unification Church is so different from the old Christian life. That path is wrong. To walk the path where God can love the world, we must restore the standard of faith that Jesus had in God, and create a foundation where the world can be loved by Heaven. This is the conclusion that the original Christianity must reach. The mission of sending the Messiah ends only when it is said that the world was loved. If the world is not loved, the mission of sending the Messiah is not finished. Since God sent Jesus because He so loved the world, the mission of the one who sent Him ends only when a result is brought about where the world can be loved, and the mission of God who sent Him also ends. This conclusion emerges.

Then what is left? God sent His only begotten Son to save the world because He so loved the world, and now that He can love, everything is done. God did it to love, and He loved, and Jesus made it possible to love, and the people of the world received love, and then it's all over. Therefore, the issue is for humans to receive love, to receive God's love, and for this world to establish a relationship with God's love. This is an accurate theory. It is a statement that matches the theory.

From this perspective, modern Christianity must perish. But should the individualism created by the Christian faction in America remain while Christianity perishes? "No." God is striking America, the representative Christian nation, along with history. Through whom does He strike? He strikes through Satan. The Satanic world strikes. What is that? It is communism. Do you understand? You must awaken and digest this communism. If you cannot become those who can digest it, it is the same as not being able to completely digest a disease. When the white blood cells in a person's body cannot act to devour germs, that person is in the same position as being occupied by the disease and facing death.

How does the newly emerging global Christianity on this earth devour the germ of communism? How does it digest it? They, Satan, say, 'This world is the world of workers and peasants.' God would say, 'Ah, this world is the world of religious people.' God would say that, right? "Yes." If Satan makes such a claim, a religious movement that can control more than that must emerge. This is how it is.

Then, here, two factions have emerged claiming that this world is the world of religious people and the world of workers and peasants. Which path will people follow? Which path will they follow? Should they go to the place that lies and propagandizes, or the place that propagandizes the truth? Should they go to the faction that says, 'Love me,' or the faction that says, 'You don't have to love me, but I will love you'? Where will they go? "To the faction that says they will love you."

Therefore, in the end, a global religious movement that propagandizes the truth based on justice and has the movement to love others without loving oneself will emerge. If only a religion emerges that can say it will love the world, it is undoubtedly the religion that can achieve God's purpose of wanting to love the world. This conclusion emerges.

Because God wanted that, Jesus sacrificed himself to achieve that love. If a religion emerges that drives all believers to the path of sacrifice and death to love the world, like Jesus who took the path of sacrifice and carried the cross to love the world, it will be the final foundation to defend against the Satanic world and save the world. If a global denomination emerges that voluntarily takes the path of sacrifice like Jesus who took the path of death to love the world, God and Jesus will have the greatest hope and expectation for that denomination. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Where is such a religion? Is it today's established churches, Roman Catholicism, Presbyterianism, or Baptism? "No." They say communism is fine, anything is fine. On the contrary, what about today's Unification Church Moonies? Why do we fight against communism? We fight to defend against Satan, to defend against sin, and then to fight for a world where God can love. The Moonie movement is about taking the path of sacrifice that Jesus took by carrying the cross.

Would God say, 'I like the Unification Church,' or 'I don't like the Unification Church'? "He would say He likes it." Would He say, 'I like Moon'? "Yes." How simple is that? How proud and admirable you must be? Is that so? "Yes." Would God want to boast about Moon? (Laughter) Is that really so? "Yes." What is so? No, it's not. What's there to be? Then why does He leave it alone? Why does He leave it alone even when being cursed and persecuted? That's the problem. God also wants to boast about it. What about Jesus? When Jesus thinks about it, are these Moonies doomed or prosperous? What would He think? "Prosperous." Jesus would also say, 'You are my pride.'

Then, what about the people of the world? They all say, 'Moon! Moon! Moon! Oppose, oppose, oppose!' But when they see, they realize that Moon has the most love. When they know that God likes it and Jesus likes it, the people of the world will also say they like Moon. 'Our pride in the world is Moon.' Do the people of the world like you, the Moonies? "Yes." No, no, no. "They like us." No, no. "They like us." Would God say, 'I dislike Moon'? "No." That's right, that's right. "No." Jesus and God are protecting Moon.

Looking at it this way, is Reverend Moon a very smart person or a fool? "A smart person." He is the fool among fools. (Laughter) How is it? "A smart person." Is that really so? "Yes." So do you boast about your teacher? "Yes." I can't believe that. (Laughter) 'He's just trying to make us suffer, and oh, that Oriental man came to strip us Westerners.' Isn't that so? "No." So, is it resolved now? "It's resolved."

Is it a big sin or not to compare the established church's concept with what we have now? "It's a sin." We are the extreme opposite, the extreme opposite. If they keep Christmas, we don't. It's the opposite. It's all opposite. At Christmas, we do fundraising.

What will we do with the fundraising? To save the world and to quickly create a world where God can love. If there is a God who punishes that, I would grab that God's collar, and if He has a tie, I would grab the tie and fight. If God has a tie, I would grab the tie and fight, saying, 'You are wrong,' and as I tighten it more and more, He would say, 'You are right.' Everyone would say you are right. (Laughter) I am a person with such confidence.

So, would God be smiling happily at what I'm saying now, or would He be saying, 'This rascal'? (Laughter) "He would be smiling." He should be smiling, right? "Yes." Looking at this, how wonderful is Moon. How wonderful is Moon. (Laughter) 'Wow, this is better than America, better than the Roman king, better than Christianity, better than Jesus! Better than Jesus, better than Jesus,' they would say. That's right. (Laughter) Better than Jesus himself. Jesus just died, didn't he? Moon, no matter how much he is cursed, hasn't died. Jesus died at the hands of Rome, but I, Reverend Moon, fight with America and communism and still haven't died. I am fighting with Moscow as well.

Who is going to kill me? "No one." Even if I am imprisoned in America, would they imprison me for more than a year and six months? Let them imprison me. (Laughter) Would the Moonie movement stop because of that? "No." If any of you have indigestion, your stomach will be relieved today. This is a pleasant talk. (Laughter) It is the most pleasant talk. Do you agree? "Yes." But until now, you didn't know that. 'I thought Reverend Moon just did everything haphazardly, but there is such a thing.' Did you definitely understand that? "Yes."

Because of the responsibility division, righteous people have been sacrificed throughout history. So, Reverend Moon, with that as the standard, since God's purpose is to love the world so much, drives you to the brink of death to make you capable of loving the world. How is it? Do you like it? "Yes." You are smart. (Laughter)

Therefore, what do we need? We need to clarify why all of this happened and start with that. Why do we have to do this? Of course, generally, people see it that way, but when we specifically look at why we have to do this, it is inevitable due to the responsibility division.

When Unification Church members think, 'Oh, does God love Reverend Moon, or does God not exist?' what do you think? Does God seem to love me? "Yes." I don't think so. Why would God love me? He doesn't love me. (Laughter) Since joining the Unification Church, for 60 years, I've just been cursed wherever I go. 'Moon! Moon!' they say, 'Reverend Moon,' and so on. It has been 40 years like that.

Look. Even though Christians believed so well during the 400 years of Roman persecution, God did not love them. What is the reason for that? If God loved Reverend Moon, He would have immediately struck down those who opposed me, severing their necks with a thunderbolt, and they wouldn't be able to oppose even if they wanted to. Why does He leave it alone, so miserably? Also, He left the Roman soldiers who killed Jesus alone and let Jesus die. Why did He leave it alone? Is God a cruel God who wants to see His son die and bleed? Why is that? What kind of God is that? What kind of God of love and justice is that? Even the person next to you wants to fight and cut off the neck if something is wrong, but why does the God of justice leave it alone? That's the problem.

Even Reverend Moon, when fighting legal battles, if God loved me, why would I need a lawyer? If He severed their necks and dragged them out of the platform to Moon, everything would end. Why is He doing this miserable play? Why is He doing that? That's the problem.

Because of such things, the fact that the Unification Church today has discovered the human responsibility division is a cosmic discovery. The invention of the atomic bomb, Einstein's discovery of the theory of relativity, is incomparable. Without knowing this, nothing in history can be solved. The relationship between God and humans, everything in history is vague. Nothing is solved. Why have righteous people been sacrificed throughout history? Why do their names appear only after they have passed? Historians and philosophers have no way to solve this problem.

The fact that you know this truth of human responsibility division means you possess something great. However, the Moonies now dislike the human responsibility division the most. The people who should like it the most are the Moonies, but the Moonies dislike the human responsibility division the most. How is it? Do you like it or dislike it? "We like it." Did you fulfill the human responsibility division when you were told to do it? "We couldn't."

You must know that the term indemnity restoration, which emerged due to the clear ideological basis of human responsibility division, is a term of resentment. You must know that the most hated term of resentment emerged. During the indemnity restoration course, God does not support you, the headquarters do not support you, and you must do it alone. You must do it alone. If you are helped, it is not indemnity. It is not indemnity. Why? Because there is a principle of human responsibility division, helping is not indemnity. If it could be helped, God would have intervened when humans fell and prevented the fall. Because there is human responsibility division, He couldn't. Because there is human responsibility division. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

No matter how much Reverend Moon is loved by God, during the indemnity course of human responsibility division, God cannot cooperate. I must overcome Satan and go forward. Overcoming Satan and the Satanic world is the original ideal realm allowed to Adam, but I must surpass that ideal realm. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

It is only possible to isolate Satan at the frontline where persecution is received. To make indemnity, you must be sent out. Rather, you must be stripped and driven out. You must be driven out without even being fed. Then Satan will clothe you. If Satan clothes you, it is wonderful. It cannot be taken away. If a person on Satan's side clothes you, it cannot be taken away. If you wear it, neither God nor Satan can take it away. That is the fight. So, if you suffer and are persecuted, the Satanic world will clothe you. If you are stripped and beaten, a Satanic side will emerge to clothe you. This is the fight. Then a side emerges.

In America, as they opposed Reverend Moon, many people of conscience in America became Reverend Moon's side. 'Why do they oppose Reverend Moon so much when he is innocent? He is needed in America. These guys are no good,' they say. If that happens, Satan cannot take away those who become my side. They automatically return to the Heavenly side. People automatically return to God's side. Do you understand? It is not forced. Satan has no way to accuse.

Then God can love the persecuted person. Do you understand? Therefore, the process of persecution is the only way to quickly transfer people from the Satanic world into the realm of God's love.

Then why can't Satan oppose? In the Garden of Eden, without opposition, they denied God, but acknowledging God amidst opposition is the exact opposite of the fallen nature of Satan. Then, if the person who opposed sees and returns to the Heavenly side, that returning person enters an environment where the archangel automatically complies with Adam and Eve. It surpasses the foundation of opposition by the archangel. As they support the Heavenly side, they are immediately restored. They enter the environment of restoration. Therefore, the only way to enter the environment where one can receive God's love rapidly is through the environment of persecution. Do you understand?

What that means is that because they enter the position of the archangel who opposed but now believes in God and cooperates with Adam, Satan, representing the opposing archangel realm, cannot oppose. So Satan cannot accuse. According to this principle, the isolation of Satan is only possible at the frontline where persecution is received. Therefore, God must continuously lead the path of persecution if He wants to establish His will. The reason lies here.

In that sense, those who welcomed and supported Moon, Reverend Moon, amidst the worldwide opposition from 1976, can overcome the worldwide indemnity course. They can surpass Satan's accusation realm and cross over as archangels supporting Heaven. You must know that such a rapid change of environment is unfolding. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Therefore, centered on 1976, the worldwide persecution era of the Unification Church is passing. It has crossed the downhill ridge. The Satanic world will live while running away. According to that principle, on February 23, 1977, the new era was proclaimed. The worldwide persecution era of the Unification Church is passing. Do you understand? The tide has started to come in. From 1977 to the 1980s, the communist world will decline from here. Therefore, in the 1980s, we launched a large-scale fight centered on CARP activities in America. (Speaking while writing on the board) In that sense, it was inevitable. Do you understand what I mean? Therefore, it is crossing over at the frontline.

The eight stages of indemnity restoration due to responsibility division

Where did these principles originate? Why are they necessary? Because of human responsibility division. You must understand this clearly. What is achieved after completing human responsibility division? It means entering God's direct dominion after completing human responsibility. (Speaking while writing on the board) You must understand this. Isn't that how the Principle is? "Yes."

But when you enter the direct dominion, what does God directly govern? Money? Talent? What does He govern? "Love." That's right. Love, love. At that time, Adam and Eve receive God's blessing and enter the realm of God's love. After Adam and Eve enter the realm of love and unite within that realm, the era where they can represent God's love on the horizontal world is the foundation of the Kingdom of Heaven on earth.

Then there are no elements that can lead to the fall. In the Garden of Eden, the only element that could lead to the fall was love. What else could there have been? Was money an element of the fall? What was the element of the fall? The only element that could lead to the fall was love, and by ending everything centered on God, they enter a world where there are no elements that can lead to the fall or Satan's accusation. That means that when you go out with only the sign of God's love, the whole world is governed and controlled. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

If you have God's love, you don't need sin, you don't need greed. Everything is within that love. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." What we must do is responsibility division. Only at the frontline can the term indemnity restoration due to responsibility division be established. You must understand this clearly.

In indemnity, there is personal indemnity, family indemnity, tribal indemnity, national indemnity, global indemnity, cosmic indemnity, and then up to God, eight stages. In terms of stages, it is seven stages. What did I just say? What are the eight stages? "Personal completion, then family completion, then tribal completion... You must go through eight stages." What is that? Why do you go through this? Huh? If you heard, you should answer. "When you reach God's position, God becomes the ruler of everything, but..." It's simple. I talked about it for indemnity restoration. What did you do, just now? Did you doze off a bit? I should embarrass you a bit so that your eyes will turn and you'll listen. What are the eight stages for? I taught you, didn't I? What are the eight stages for? For indemnity restoration. Do you understand? "Yes." You go through eight stages for indemnity restoration.

When did you go through this eight-stage process? "No." 'Those eight stages were created by Reverend Moon. I don't need indemnity,' you might think, but no way. If human responsibility division is true, there is such a process due to human responsibility division. If there was no fall, it would have been automatically crossed over in 21 years, but since there is a barrier, you must handle it one by one. You cannot handle it all at once because Satan is bound. Therefore, you must deal with each one and replace it. (Speaking while writing on the board) If you do that, there is no Satan, no Satan. There is no indemnity condition. Because of the fall, Satan appeared, and indemnity conditions appeared. Those indemnity conditions are inevitable due to human responsibility division, an inevitable process.

You all must go through this path. Everyone in humanity must go through it, everyone. Whether a president joins the Unification Church or a Ph.D. joins the Unification Church, there is no forgiveness. There is no forgiveness. Everyone must go through it. No one is so great that they can be excused.

The reason why Reverend Moon of the Unification Church is considered a scary person and is evaluated as a dictator among dictators worldwide is because of this. Even without giving money, he makes people work.
Oh, they say you have to tithe to connect with heaven. They say you have to give three-tenths. You have to earn. They say it's a big deal if you get a salary, it's a big deal if you get a salary. They say it all disappears, this. Human responsibility collapses completely. They say indemnity restoration disappears completely. Then you go completely to the satanic world. You go forever. They say there's no way to replenish it forever.

Responsibility was only with Adam and Eve before the fall.
That's why, no matter how hard it is in the satanic world, I take responsibility. Reverend Moon will go that way. I don't want the country to help, I don't want brothers to help. I don't even want God to help. I will solve it. I go alone... That's why the family opposes, the wife, husband, son, all oppose. Relatives, the country, just everyone opposes. What is that? It's a defensive line, a defensive line. They oppose cleanly to make indemnity restoration clean and to complete human responsibility, but they realized it's an unavoidable process.

So I shouldn't complain. "I go because I want to, God!" That's what I have to say. It's not God's command, it's not the teacher's command, it's not anyone's command, it's my command, for my survival, for my liberation, I command myself to go. If Reverend Moon had a true parent in heaven who commanded him, how nice would it be? I don't have true parents. Got it? (Laughter)

So when people of later generations see True Parents appear, they can defend against all of Satan's things on this plane, and the era where they can defend within Satan's realm comes, how happy is that? We came looking forward to that era. Got it?

Human responsibility is only in the position of Adam and Eve. You must know that it was only with unfallen Adam and Eve. Got it? It's only with Adam and Eve. After True Parents emerge, all parents on earth embrace, so Satan cannot interfere. Satan has nothing to accuse. Got it? "Yes." At that time, before the fall, it was only possible with Adam and Eve, only with Adam and Eve. You must know that. Got it? "Yes."

Then, because Adam and Eve have not been completed in history so far, the influence of this principle is entangled in all historical processes, in all fields. That's why you must know how much fallen world humans have longed for such True Parents to emerge, how much spirits in the spirit world have longed for the day of resurrection.

Through CAUSA activities, we are creating a national Unification Church environment.
Now, our Unification Church has True Parents, but what kind of True Parents are they? They are True Parents within the Unification Church, not beyond the nation or the world. So, since national and world Satan remains, they are still shooting. Got it? Therefore, our Unification Church is a movement to expand the True Parents enshrined in the church to the nation, the world, and the spirit world. You must know that this is today's Unification Church movement. The time is approaching. The environment where the national Unification Church, national Parents can be welcomed is now approaching.

What kind of country is that? It starts from the most miserable country. It starts from the country that suffers from both the communist and democratic worlds. What is that? It's South America now, South America. It's El Salvador, Honduras, Guatemala, and so on. So, CAUSA activities are being developed at the national level in South America. Do you know that? CAUSA organizations have been set up in all 26 South American countries, and North American CAUSA activities are currently underway.

Even this morning, Bo Hi Pak received a call from Jamaica. "180 prominent figures from the American leadership have come and are all in a mess. It's a big deal. It's bustling. It's bustling and boiling," so I replied, "Yes, the time has come for that." I received the call and came here. So what did I tell them to do? "Immediately form a preparation committee centered on the state! Form a preparation committee that can develop CAUSA activities centered on the administration," I commanded. I told them to organize and immediately activate everything. So CAUSA becomes the point in 50 state administrations. If CAUSA activities are not done, America has nowhere to go. Where will it go?

Now, do you think America will catch Reverend Moon, or do you think Reverend Moon and the Moonies will catch America? What do you think? Answer me. "I think the Moonies will catch America." Then won't the line break? If there's a reel, won't it break? How is it? Is the line strong or not strong? "It's strong." Is it 'yes' or 'no'? "Yes." What is 'yes'? (Laughter) Everything is bound to break like a twig. It's all bound to break. If you make a small determination centered on the teacher's words, it becomes a line that doesn't break easily and a reel that doesn't break.

So how is it? Everyone, do you feel stronger after listening to the teacher's words this time, or not stronger? "I feel stronger." (Laughter) The teacher is the same. Because I know this principle, whether the world is in chaos, whether the wind blows, whether a storm blows and I fly away, even if I die, I will die with my eyes open, not with my eyes closed. What that means is, if I die when the storm blows, I will be buried when it doesn't blow. That's what it means. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

So everyone, is indemnity restoration necessary or not? "It's necessary." Then, if you need it, did Jesus need indemnity restoration or not? "He needed it." Does Reverend Moon need it too? "Yes." Yes. That's why, no matter how wise Reverend Moon is, he can't help it. You must know that no matter how capable God is, He can't help it. Do you understand for sure? "Yes."

You must voluntarily go the path of indemnity.
So when you are told, "Go the path of indemnity!" will you say, "Oh..." (Laughter) or will you say, "Welcome. I was waiting for those words"? Which one is it? "The second one." Don't you dislike the path of indemnity restoration? "Welcome." Welcome? (Laughter) Well come and welcome are the same. Welcome means well come, doesn't it? It means it's good that you came. So it means welcome. It's a good thing.

In America, they say going is 'come,' right? They also say coming is 'come,' right? That's how they use it, right? "I will go," "I will come there," they say like that, right? (Laughter) What that means is, you have to go well and come well. So, "Ah! In an English-speaking country, indemnity restoration must be done well," doesn't it have that meaning? (Laughter) So it's an archangel country, an archangel country. The archangel must do indemnity restoration. So, did you hear new words today? Human responsibility was only with Adam and Eve, and after that, without responsibility, you just have to drive Satan out. That's it.

Then, if True Parents come out from now on, the sons and daughters will ask True Parents every day. "Dad, Mom!" "Why!" "Who does that?" "Ah, don't do it," then "Yes!" and even if they say "Do it," "Yes," then it works. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Today, American young people all have the ideology of the satanic world, so they say they won't listen to their parents... Why is that? Already young people are saying they will fail. They say they have already failed because of their parents. "Since the parents of hope are coming, I will listen to the parents of hope, not your words," and there is also the aspect of betraying the historical satanic world. That's not a bad phenomenon.

Moonies must go for God's will.
Meanwhile, what are they looking for? What are American young people doing? They are not looking for small things but worldwide things, a worldwide religion, worldwide love, the best in the world, the best in the world, they are looking for these things. While doing so, they say they dislike everything that ordinary people like, and they say they like the places that ordinary people dislike the most. Since all Americans dislike Moonies, they say, "Let's go to Moonies later." The reaction comes back to Moonies. "Should I go and stick with Moonies?" they say, and they come to stick anywhere. So they all come out and come to the boundary line and say they will go to the place that everyone opposes, and it turns out to be Moonies. Moonies are at the boundary line. God operates like that.

Ah, when they meet Moonies, they find it's all wonderful. It's all different. In the past, when men met women, they tried to make them their own, but Moonies respect women and don't touch them at will, don't date, and are different. When men and women in the world sit together, they look at each other and kiss, but Moonies don't kiss and just look and blink their eyes. (Laughter) They are different. (Laughter)

They talk about what the world is like, what world love is like. They go from loving the nation to loving the world. They talk about cosmic love, universal love. "When does my love come?" they say, but they don't know when it comes. They have no interest. So they say, "Wow, they are strange young people." How wonderful is that? Is that bad or good? "It's good."

When they meet, they don't think of the pretty girl they meet for the first time as their woman, but as "Oh, my sister," so how wonderful is that? They think of them as sisters, as sisters. So, would they have a relationship with their beloved sister? 

Then, even if Adam and Eve are siblings, if God says, "Hey, love each other," they should say, "We will think about it and do it," and love. They shouldn't just wait and do it without thinking, but they should say, "We will think about it and do it." They should think like that.

The teacher thinks of humanity as sons and daughters. The world is all one family, one family. But can you divorce there? How can you divorce? You must know that it's like kicking your sister, your sister. In God's eyes, it's one family. In God's eyes, it's one family, but you don't know and separate. In God's eyes, you are living in one house. Where will you live? There's nowhere to go. So you have to find it. You have to find it and say, "I was wrong."

These children, free sex, or whatever, these guys, if they come into the Unification Church and have impure thoughts and actions, I have to cut them off. (Laughter) I have to make that law in the future. (Laughter) How is it? How is it for you? Raise your hand if you agree. (Laughter) Raise your hand if you think it's good. Those who don't raise their hands are all saying they will do it? If there is such a law in the future, it will be the cleanest, and my head won't hurt. Then, if men are cut off, what about women? (Laughter) You can cut off men, but what about women? So, perform surgery, perform surgery. Sew them up, sew them up. (Laughter) How is it? "It's good."

So, in the end, how wonderful is Moonies? Got it? You want it that way. (Laughter) Knowing the cause, even the sins of the world are for the sake of the will, even Satan is ultimately for the will, God is for the will, and we are for the will, so the will is bound to be fulfilled. So how wonderful is that conclusion?

The movement of Moonies is to make the world receive God's love.
Without the Communist Party, the Unification Church wouldn't have become global today. Because we fight against the Communist Party... The Communist Party has a 60-year history, but we surpass it within six years.

Reverend Moon has this responsibility. Because of this responsibility, he has walked the path of indemnity restoration for individuals, families, tribes, peoples, nations, the world, and the cosmos, representing history. Reverend Moon is the first in world history to pass this path. How is it? Do you feel good? "Yes." (Applause) "That might be Reverend Moon's lie. Stop your logic, when did you receive all the persecution, worldwide?" you might say. He received persecution. Didn't he? "He did." You acknowledged it.

Then you must know that in religious history, there is no one but Reverend Moon who has been persecuted on the world stage and survived. Look for it, is there anyone? So is Reverend Moon first or second? He's first, right? "Yes." Even if you don't like it, you can't help but say "Yes." Whether you ask the U.S. administration or the U.S. president, or historians, they will say there's no one but Reverend Moon. They answer that the person who received the most persecution in the world is Reverend Moon.

So, in the end, what happens is that humanity emerges at the boundary between false parents and True Parents. When the world event occurs where humanity doesn't stand on the side of false parents but seeks True Parents, that's the end. Got it? Shouldn't it be that way? Right? "Yes." So, in Unification Church history, the unprecedented event of parents kidnapping their children has occurred. When they are kidnapped, do they say, "Oh, our mom and dad did well. Welcome. We've been waiting. Why are you coming now? Welcome," or do they go, "Oh," and drag their feet like this? (Demonstrating) How is it? "The second one."

Look. Reverend Moon also tells you to love your parents, but your parents also kidnap their children and promote that Reverend Moon is bad, that True Parents are bad. Reverend Moon tells you to love your parents, right? But they all promote as if they are enemies, as if they are villains. They kidnap you and brainwash you, saying, "Listen to me. Reverend Moon is a false parent," and they kill your spirit from that day. They oppose as if you are the worst villain. Then when the son asks, "Mom, Dad, did you see, did you hear?" no one says they saw, they just say they heard. Satan always makes lies. They make as many as they want. Evil makes all sorts of sophistry, all sorts of slander, all sorts of lies to do well for itself. So, which side is on God's side? "Reverend Moon."

Reverend Moon's path of indemnity restoration is for whom? For whom does Reverend Moon suffer like that? "For the world." As I said earlier, "God so loved the world," so it's to make the world receive God's love, to make the world receive love. No matter how much God has the concept of loving the world so much, He hasn't been able to love until now. He hasn't been able to love.

Then, what kind of love is it? It's the love of a father and sons and daughters. How wonderful is that? So, in our Unification Church, we are developing a movement where people of the world can love as God's sons and daughters and receive love as God's sons and daughters. This is the Moonies' movement.

Jesus, too, as the only begotten son, received God's love, but he sacrificed his life for his brothers to receive the same love from God. We welcome it as a valuable death. So, humanity can become God's sons and daughters through Jesus. Jesus is our brother. Jesus is close. Jesus is our brother, our older brother. He is the closest brother who loves me more than anyone else. He is the closest older brother who loves me more than anyone else. How close is that?

So, through Jesus, we can have a faith perspective that accepts him not as a subject of faith but as a subject of love. You must know the wonder that we can have a faith perspective through Jesus. Jesus' love is the highest love for me. Got it? Therefore, Jesus is closer than anyone else. How much closer is that? He is our older brother. He is our older brother and brother. If someone asks you who Jesus is, what will you say? At that time, you must answer that Jesus is my brother and my older brother. How close is that?

Therefore, through Jesus, you can catch the wonder of accepting him not as the subject of faith but as the subject of life. It's not the subject of faith, it's the subject of life. Then God can love the environment that Jesus can love. If the environment that Jesus can love is global, God loves that world. That's theoretical. So, in John 3:16, "For God so loved the world..." is all fulfilled. (Writing on the board while speaking)

We must think of this pride that we are going this path in such a church. Therefore, even if the communist world collapses, the democratic world collapses, and the current Christianity collapses, Moonies do not collapse, such a conclusion comes out. Got it? When that happens, it enters the era of completion. This enters the earthly era. (Writing on the board while speaking) Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Love is the most necessary thing for us humans.
Then why must Reverend Moon, as a parent, as True Parents, do all these indemnity conditions? Why is the term True Parents necessary? This is the problem. Why do you need True Parents? What is necessary for us humans? First, it's love, and second, it's ownership. (Writing on the board while speaking) You must know this. Do you need love? "Yes." Why do you need love? To become God's representative.

Even in the world, any responsible person sets someone who can be loved as their representative. This is the principle of the universe. It's the principle of the universe. This is the first shortcut to finding all Tao, all paths of justice. It's the main stream. Is that wrong? "No." You must know that. Even if there are ten sons, the one who can receive 100% love from the parents, with the actions and personality, inherits the parents' ownership. This is the principle of heaven and earth. Is there any complaint? "No." That's the principle, the principle.

So, we need God's love... What we need is love. Do you need love? "Yes." More than clothes? "Yes." More than food? "Yes." More than sleep? "Yes." More than a lump of gold? "Yes." Love is woven from the men and women of the world. Men and women, when they enter the control of God's love, can inherit all of God's ownership. That's the principle. You can't inherit alone, alone.

Then, does love start from God or from men and women? "From God." Then marriage? Will you promise each other, "Let's get married," and then ask your parents, or will you ask your parents first and then promise? Which will you choose? "The second one." Why? Why? Because parents are the subject of love. No matter how much we do, we are only objects. We are only counterparts.

Everything is like this. So, in the Unification Church, even if you say, "Teacher, we are promised, so please approve our marriage," it doesn't work. Got it? It will never work. It will never work. Even if you say, "Mom, Dad, if I don't do this, I'll die," if you will die, then die. Why is that? To receive the right inheritance from the parents. To receive the right inheritance, it's unavoidable. Got it? "Yes." It's to receive the right inheritance.

From this standpoint, if it's true that Reverend Moon is True Parents, how is it? Is it good or bad? "It's good." Would Reverend Moon himself be happy or miserable? "He would be happy." (Laughter) Is he happy or miserable? "He's happy." No. First, he's miserable. (Laughter) Then he's happy. So if you are happy, the teacher is happy too. So it's pitiful. It's miserable. When problems arise, they report to the teacher, even if I don't want to hear it, they have to report it. Isn't it miserable? Why is that, why? Why is it miserable? It's unavoidable. If it's a sin, it's the sin of being a parent. God, standing in the position of a parent, when the teacher sees such things, concludes that God is also in that position, so He is a pitiful God.

So you must know how wrong the existing church's faith concept has been. They think, "God is absolute, the Creator, so He cannot relate to creatures," and they always think He is good, happy. Got it, what I mean? "Yes."

To exist and develop, you must sacrifice for something greater.
Then, when God and the teacher see you, will they say, "You are so good. Stay with me," or will they say, "Save the world quickly to your position"? "Save the world." If I rested comfortably, I must repent. If I ate well, I must repent. If I am living well, I must feel guilty. Before that, you must know that you have the responsibility to save the world.

Being comfortable means extending the suffering of God and True Parents. It means nothing else. So, "Even if I die, I will advance for the day I can liberate True Parents and God. I will advance while struggling even as I die," is the path of filial piety, the path of loyalty, and the path of saints. God, through you, through you who are in the fallen realm, through you who are like the archangel, when you cooperate with each other and create an environment for restoration, it is not that God does it directly. You must know that pitiful position.

To save 4 billion people, even if 240 million people in America suffer and sacrifice, it is known as a just path. You must know this. Got it? So the principle of indemnity restoration, in doing indemnity restoration, is not for something small. Am I sacrificing to find something smaller than myself, or am I sacrificing to find something greater than myself? Which is it? "To find something greater." You must clearly know how the direction of indemnity restoration is set.

If it were not for something greater but for something smaller, what would happen? That cannot be. Then, in the original world, the greatest thing is God, but God cannot sacrifice. Why? Because if that happens, the whole must sacrifice. That cannot be, so you must sacrifice the east, west, south, and north for this center to maintain this center.
It cannot move. The center cannot move. (Speaking while writing on the board)
Therefore, all paths of indemnity must be walked by humans. Do you understand? "Yes." Man, mankind must sacrifice the small for the sake of the greater. That is the principle of development and the principle of existence. You must know this. That is the principle of development and the principle of existence. Do you understand?
Now, when you cut and eat spinach, cut and eat cabbage, and then cook some vegetables, is that a sin or not? "It is not a sin." When you cut the grass or any vegetable, doesn't water come out? That water is like blood. It is like blood. In terms of animals, it is blood. You eat it every day, don't you? "Yes." Then do those plants say, "Hey, murderer, murderer"? "No, they don't." Why not, why? How come? The universe connects by absorbing the small to reach the larger. This is the principle of development and the principle of existence. Because of this, it cannot be helped. Do you understand?
To save a nation, the people must sacrifice. That is the principle. For the world, a nation must sacrifice. For God,
320
the world must sacrifice. This is the principle.
An existence that refuses to walk this path becomes lonely, decays, and becomes waste. Therefore, Darwin's theory of evolution has some truth to it. The phrase "survival of the fittest" applies for the sake of the higher, for the greater. That is the principle of existence in the universe. It is the principle of existence. Therefore, after eating meat, eating cows, and absorbing all that, for the sake of God... When you do it for the sake of God's love, the whole universe welcomes it. How about it? "That's right."
If you help in fulfilling the portion of responsibility, it cannot be indemnified.
So, when you are told to live for the Unification Church, you must sacrifice for the world, for the world. Do you understand? When you are told to live for the Unification Church, you must not be made to sacrifice, but when you are told to live for the world, you must choose the path of sacrifice. If you refuse to go, you must be forced to go. I must also sacrifice for the world. Is that right or not? "That's right."
Then, do you want to go to a high place in the world or a low place? "A high place." To do that, you must play the game of being absorbed by the world. You must be absorbed. Why must you do that? The more you sacrifice, the closer you approach love. This is the principle. You must know this. Among many sons, the one who sacrifices more becomes the filial son. That is the principle.
Is there any objection to that? Is there or isn't there? "There isn't." Are you just "welcome" or just "yes"? Which is it? "Welcome." So, the Bible's saying, "Those who wish to die will live, and those who wish to live will die," is interpreted in this way. Do you understand? For what do you die? You die for the greater. If you wish to live for the small, you cannot live; you will perish. That is retreating. Retreating
321
means death. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."
Until now, I have not stood on the podium with a stick to drive you, but should I speak quietly, or should I drive you with a gun and sword, or should I drive you with a stick? What should I do? What do you want? Danny, what do you want? "The first one." (Laughter) So, you cannot do it. Seeing it that way, I must drive you by force. So, you will cry... You don't want to go, but your mother drags you from behind saying, "Hey, you rascal, let's go," and as you are dragged, you find a feast and eat well, and then you laugh. That's what happens. You must know that such things happen. Therefore, the parents are said to have educated their children well, even if they had to beat them.
Now, is Reverend Moon a bad leader or a good leader? "A good leader." Is he a bad teacher or a good teacher? "A good teacher." So, even if you don't listen, even if I have to beat you, I must make you listen and make you blessed; I cannot leave you alone. If I leave you alone, you will be punished. Do you think I have the quality to do that? "Yes." I have that quality. I can do it. That's why I fight in America, in this big America. Am I not a teacher with the guts to do that? Right? "Yes." Otherwise, when I go to the spirit world, I will chase you away, saying, "You rascal, what did you do before you came here?" Since I know that clearly, I want to make sure that such things do not happen when I go to the spirit world by doing so on earth. How about it? Which will you choose? Will you just go to the spirit world? "I will do it on earth." That is realistic.
Now, that is settled. In this light, the leaders here, the leaders, tell me what you think about human responsibility. How about it? Dennis from England, how about it? "You didn't help me, I'm in England, and you don't like England," didn't you dislike it? "No." (Laughter) "Marshal this, England that, Mr. Kim, Reverend Moon this, they all made me like this," why complain? You must know that human responsibility made it that way. You
322
must know that you have not yet crossed that hill. If the headquarters help you, if the teacher helps you, it is not good. It cannot be done by helping. If you help, it cannot be indemnified. I must do it. I must invest myself to create something greater. I must invest myself to recreate something greater. I must recreate it.
As a 'chief leader,' you must take responsibility for the entire indemnity for the Lord, yet you say, "Lord, come and serve me! You serve me!" You must know this. I must restore through indemnity. If you bring blessings and love here, then you will find love and return everything with gratitude.
Deny yourself and fulfill your portion of responsibility.
From this perspective, I deny all the traditions of the leaders in America so far. I will deny the leaders of the Unification Church so far. Those who dislike suffering and sit there forgetting the responsibilities entrusted to them will retreat. They will retreat. They will die, they will die. They will die.
Look. Even while fighting legal battles, even while fighting legal battles in America, I did not stop. I held the 2,100 couples, 6,000 couples mass weddings, and created the Washington Times, and did more work. I blessed 2,100 couples, blessed 6,000 couples, and did the CAUSA movement for South America and did many things. It was not easy. I knew it was very difficult. But from the perspective of salvation, it was God's providence, so I did that difficult work. Do you understand? "Yes." You complain, but I have never complained to God in my life.
So, you love each other as couples. But you must mobilize them all. The teacher is the same. I do not want anyone to help me with my indemnity and portion of responsibility.
323
I have fought like that. Do you think Korea has not tried to tempt me with bundles of money? I help the country; the country does not help me. I am still doing that. Korea is indebted to me. I help America; America does not help me. America is the same.
The movie "Inchon" cost 60 million dollars to make, 60 million dollars. Was it made for Reverend Moon? Was it made for the Unification Church? "No." But since it was made, whether the American people accept it or not, it does not harm my merit. The teacher definitely did it. For whom was it done? "America." It was to instill the MacArthur ideology, the anti-communist ideology, in American youth and to raise a movement to defend against communism.
So, America ordered a stop. They ordered a stop to the screening. Some TV offered a contract to show it for 6 million dollars, but it was cut off. All were cut off. Someday, I will make an American president with my own hands and screen it, as I have the broadcasting rights. How about it? "Good." I will do that.
So, I am raising you. I am raising you harshly. I am training you harshly to make you into people who can stand up to any senator or congressman and send you out into this country. That is why we are doing the CAUSA movement, the CAUSA movement. We are making the so-called great people of America kneel.
Do you think the teacher has the ability to do that? "Yes." As long as there are Americans who listen to me, it is possible. If there are Americans who do not listen, it is impossible, but if there are those who listen, it is possible. If the white people do not listen, I will do it through the Spanish-speaking community, if the Spanish-speaking community does not listen, I will do it through the Asian community, if the Asian community does not listen, I will do it through the black community. If I die, you must do it. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." I cannot retreat. America is an Indian country, so it is our cousin's country.
324
You must make a firm resolution. Therefore, from the first day of March, we must launch a new movement. From today, we must launch a new fight. We must make new progress. It is not Reverend Moon's personal desire, but it is to start a movement as someone who does not fall into the principle of human responsibility and restoration through indemnity. That is the teacher's strategy now.
As a chief leader, you have the responsibility to make the state you are responsible for approach the side of heaven. If you have become the leader of that state, you must pass through every village and town in that state, more than the path of the cross, to evangelize people. There must be no place you have not gone. So, raise your hand if you have visited every village and town in the state you are responsible for. Then what do you do? After going, what do you do next? Then you must appeal. You must say, "If you do not listen to me, you will die."
You must shed tears for the liberation of God, the world, and humanity.
Raise your hand if you have ever cried for yourself. Raise your hand. So, you have never cried for yourself? Have you been so happy? Then raise your hand if you have never cried. Do you not know what it means to cry? "I know." You have all cried, right? "Yes." For whom? Did you not cry for yourself? Did you cry for the country, for the world?
So, did human history begin with laughter or tears? Think about it. "It began with tears." It began with tears, but for whom were those tears shed? "For Satan." When Adam and Eve were expelled from the Garden of Eden, they did not leave laughing. They left crying, crying. Do you understand? Do you know that? Does it seem like that? "Yes." Then would God have been pleased to see that? "No." You must know that God, in the position of having no choice but to expel them, experienced the sorrow of losing. Do you understand? "Yes." You must restore that through indemnity. You must restore it through indemnity.
325
That is why Jesus said, "Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is near." Is repentance done with laughter? Should you be a person who repents with laughter? Is that right? "No." I am a person who is happy to repent, how about it? How wonderful is that? What is it? Is it "yes" or "no"? "No." How should it be done? "With tears." It must be done with tears. John the Baptist also cried out in the wilderness, "Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is near," and Jesus said, "Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is near," and Reverend Moon of the Unification Church also says, "Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is near," and the Moonies also say, "Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is near." It is the same. You must know that it is the same.
For whom do you cry? For whom should you cry for it to be effective in repentance? What is effective in repentance? Now, indemnity restoration is the last thing, but God cried, and Adam and Eve cried. They all cried. For whom? For themselves, they cried centered on themselves. How should indemnity restoration be done? We, as Unification Church members, should we cry for ourselves? "No." Then for whom? "For God and the world." For God and the world, for God and humanity, we must cry. (Speaking while writing on the board) You must know that.
Unification Church members should say, "I don't care if I die and go to hell." You should think of going to hell and not even think of going to heaven. "The descendants of the Fall must go to hell. But I am fine, but since the world and you are crying, you must be liberated, and humanity must be liberated. Isn't that your wish? You want me to be established and also want me for your liberation and the liberation of the world, don't you? So, I must cry for the liberation of the world and humanity." You must go like that. The path to deny the tears of humanity, the path to deny the tears of God, is the path I must take, the path of restoration.
The other day, when Dr. Durst came and said, "We must go with overflowing joy and happiness," I said, "Shut up, you rascal." "Don't say such things, you rascal! God is crying, and the world is crying, and you are happy? And the world is standing on the brink of destruction, and you are happy?" That is a wrong concept.
326
To eliminate God's tears and humanity's tears, and after God is happy and humanity is happy, I can be happy. You must clearly know that this is the responsibility of a person walking the path of restoration. Isn't it the loyal people who can serve God and the nation God loves and be happy? Isn't that a filial child? Those who live like that, those who try to live like that, are saints, saints. You must know that without going through the course of a saint, you cannot become sons and daughters of God. You must go beyond that.
Therefore, you do not know how much I have cried while walking this path throughout my life, how much I have cried. (Speaking while writing on the board) If my tears can block the tears of humanity, if my tears can block the tears of God, where is the glory in that? Unification Church members must not shed tears for themselves.
Even when I was kicked by my wife, even when I faced all kinds of opposition, I never shed tears. Even if something happened to my children, even if they were dying, I did not shed tears. You must know that. However, when I pray, I shed tears. Those tears are for this purpose. Those tears are holy tears. We must shed holy tears. So, since we started with tears of resentment, let's cut it off. Let's restore through indemnity the tears shed centered on oneself. No matter what happens to your livelihood, no matter how complicated family problems become, Satan will test you.
Now, how should you cry? As a son representing the world, you can cry. Love, sympathy, all must be done from that position. That is the way it works. Do you understand what I mean? Because you must cross this path, without tears... Those who shed tears for themselves cannot cross it. Those who shed tears for the world and God can overcome this. You must clearly know this fact. (Speaking while writing on the board) Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Therefore, those who wish to die will live, and those who wish to live will die. Those who believe to receive blessings will all go to hell. Those who say, "I will take the punishment and store the blessings for all people and God," will go to heaven. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."
If you inherit the tradition of tears of repentance, you will develop infinitely.
Then, do Unification Church members always walk a sad path? That is not the case. In the process of advancing toward the goal, in the process of advancing step by step, you bring results and rejoice. Now, when you go out in the morning, it is not joyful. You must be serious. You are going out to fight today, so you must be serious. When you achieve results with all your strength and return in the evening, you must give thanks to God. "Thank you for bringing the victory of the day with this promise and resolution. Tomorrow, I will advance for something greater," and you must report like that. In the morning, you must start with concern, and in the evening, you must spend your days reporting joy to heaven.
The path of restoration is so difficult. It is tiresome. It is tiresome. You must know this. Why? Because it was a path of determination with tears and sorrow, it is an unforgettable period. It is an unforgettable seven-year period. So, coming this far, I cannot fall even if I die. I cannot fall even if I die, I must advance one step and die. If I fall, I fall forward, not backward.
Are you that serious? Are you that serious, you American leaders? You rascals! You must repent in that sense. Now you must go and shed tears, following the path of tears God desires, following the original path of tears the True Parents have walked. You must inherit this tradition. And to inherit the happiness of the earthly paradise where God can rejoice, where the True Parents can rejoice, "I choose this path," which path will you choose?
328
In the process of going that path, "How could I have been so merciless to my children? How could I have been so merciless to my wife?" You must know that there is much to say in history. While treating your family like that, you must know the historical fact that you pioneered the Unification Church. How could I not make you suffer? How could I not make you suffer? I see that sending you to a place more merciless than I treated my children is the only way I can stand before God.
In that sense, I am grateful to Seongjin's mother and my son. I am grateful that I found a standard that can adapt to the world. It is not for the sake of my family but for the liberation of God and humanity. That is the purpose. It is not for the teacher. It is for the liberation of God and humanity.
Here, Kim Sang-cheol! The so-called big-headed ones of Korea! And Yoo Jong-young, the 36-family trash cans, all must be trained. How about it? If America does not inherit that tradition, it will perish. It has nothing to do with me. It has nothing to do with God. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." It is serious.
Before I leave America, I must establish that tradition... I am not a person who lives in America. In these three years, I want to establish the tradition of 40 years from 1945 to 1985 using America as a base, within about three years. I am starting from the first day of March to make you into a form that can become a center, even if I have to drive you by force.
God cannot traverse the 50 states of America without tears, and the American people cannot speak without tears. Can you meet a lost child without tears? Do you think it will end with a handshake and "Nice to meet you"?
Ultimately, what it means is to cry for God and your responsible region, representing the world and humanity. Representing God, representing humanity...
329
Then you will develop infinitely, infinitely. There is no need to evangelize. People will naturally flock to you. Just wait and see. I testify to this. During the period when I shed such tears after liberation, people who communicated with the spirit world came. The Unification Church was not evangelized by me; they came. They came. They came. Because I was about to die crying, about to starve to death crying, about to become a beggar crying, they had to clothe me and feed me... They do everything. Do you understand? Then, I thought, "I cannot just cry here; I must go out and evangelize," and people appeared to evangelize on my behalf. Do you understand? That is how it should be.
Then, the first message of Christianity is to repent. To repent. Why is that? Because tears were shed in the Garden of Eden, you must shed tears. You do not shed tears for yourself. Repentance means that since it was wrong, you must shed tears for God and humanity, not for yourself. That is where repentance happens. Otherwise, repentance does not happen.
Moonies must work, fight, and pray to save a declining America.
Raise your hand if you are an American here, an American. Raise your hand if you are an American. Are you Americans? "Yes." Are you definitely Americans? "Yes." Is your country currently declining or prospering? "It is declining." Where is Christianity in your country? Is there a Christianity you can truly be proud of now? Where is Christianity? Looking at the Christianity in various places in the country, it is in a very miserable situation. Whose responsibility is that? It is the responsibility of Americans, not God's responsibility. If a few Americans had taken this responsibility, there would have been God's care. But look at America. Where are such people? There are none.
Then, by whom will America be revived? There is no one, except the Moonies. We have the responsibility to revive the dying fortune of America. We will do it no matter what difficulties we face. Do you understand? "Yes." Isn't that why you are here? Why did you come as chief leaders? With what resolution did you come? "With a serious resolution." Only then can God be pleased. God is crying now. God is crying. Who will liberate God from that? There is no one in the world like that. Who will liberate God? Who will stand in for the crying God? The Moonies must do it. Can you do it? "Yes." Even with just this, the Unification Church will surely develop. We need many Moonies. You must know that we need the number of Moonies.
You are Americans, right? Who will take responsibility for the brothels in America, the brothels in America? Who will eliminate them, who? Who will settle them, who? Reverend Moon, whom you hate and whom Americans oppose, will do it. Then, I will try to revive the declining American Christianity with my own hands. I should regard the opposing American churches as enemies, but I will try to rebuild them with love. That is Reverend Moon.
Look here. Homosexuals, lesbians, by whose hand? Reverend Moon, by my hand... Who will liberate all these young people who are becoming corpses while alive, who are dying from drug addiction? I propose to liberate them with my own hands. Then, who will liberate those who advocate free sex and love gambling? Who, who? Who is there in American Christianity? Which pastor in the American church? And who will stop communism, who will stop communism? Reverend Moon will stop it. 
Why is that? Why must it be so? Because it is a foundation that can stimulate God's tears and a source that can make humanity wail, it is inevitable to liberate it. Do you know why I conduct weddings between black and white people? Because racial wars are coming, racial wars. You must know that white extinctionism is approaching. You must understand that we are playing this game according to such a vast providential motto. 
331 
Is there no spiritual history in your hearts at all? America is dying. America is lying on its bed, groaning in its final moments. You must be able to hear the cries of agony. You must be able to see it. Satan is mocking us. Communism is mocking us. Satan is a historical enemy. So you must understand that we cannot help but defend against Satan. Do you understand? "Yes."
So, do you love America? "Yes." No matter how much you love it, without this, America will die. (Pointing to the board) The germs are proliferating. So, you leaders, the main leaders of America, must fight with the governors. 'Hey, you, how can you let the country fall like this?' Fight with them. Fight with the police chiefs too. Notify each region. 
So you must realize that just praying won't do. You must hold onto God, hold onto humanity, and pray with tears all night. God will listen to that prayer. Do you understand? That prayer is necessary, at that time. You must pray while working. You must pray while fighting. Just praying won't work. 
 Trying to control the world through the media
Today is the day when, in 1919, Korea declared its independence. It's the anniversary of the declaration of independence. It was a nationwide independence movement against Japan. 
Today, for our Unification Church... Last New Year's Day, I ordered 200 members to establish the Washington Times by March 1st. So, for 58 days, 59 days... (Writing on the board while speaking) Well, everyone says it's impossible, everyone. Making the impossible possible is the Unification Church. A year later, today, it has become the one newspaper among 1,753 newspapers in America that the government needs. That's the Washington Times. 
The only newspaper the government needs is the Washington Times. 
We are trying to educate America in a new direction. Against communism or the government... Many people will fall, the unjust leaders of the American government. I have fought many battles you don't know about. 
And Moscow... Do you know that our church went to Moscow, to Moscow? Recently, I instructed, 'Meet the people in charge of the Pravda and Tass news agencies and have them all work! Invite more than 70 famous journalists from the Soviet Union to the Washington Times and have them tour America.' I told them to invite all the newspaper officials. So, we take them around all the major cities in America. For two weeks, three weeks, we educate them and show them around, and then they test themselves. 'Criticize the democratic world. We will criticize communism...' We say. 'You only know the democratic world, right? You don't know about Unificationism, right? You only know communism, right? Don't you want to know about it?' Then they have no choice but to ask to hear it. That's when we hit communism. We tear it apart. 
Now, in Jamaica, 180 prominent American leaders went and were amazed, saying 'Oh, it's good, it's good,' so what about the communists? 
We are doing such movements. Why are we doing that? I declared the Moscow conference, but what if the Pravda invites Reverend Moon to Moscow? The head of the Washington Times, Reverend Moon. If they invite the key officials of the Washington Times, can they leave out Reverend Moon? "No, they can't." If I go, I will criticize all the Soviet media. I will question them and criticize them. I am capable of doing that. Do you understand? I will ask anything about communism. And I will ask them to answer my questions. They will be caught without being able to move. They know nothing about the spirit world. (Laughter) They don't know how vast the spirit world is. But what about the teacher? (Laughter)
333 
So, how long do you think it will take for the world to become a unified world? Then, we invite the representatives of the Soviet media and the representatives of the free world media to have a summit meeting with Reagan and Andropov. We control it that way. That's why the media is necessary. 'We are the media representing the world, so we welcome policy directions that can bring welfare and benefits to the world and all people, but we do not welcome anything that is one-sidedly biased towards communism or democracy,' we criticize. 
Therefore, the media has already moved into a world where it can control the world. It's all over. 
So, to educate such global leaders, we have been holding media conferences until now. This time, what we do is, recently, Honduras is the most complicated, so we gather people from about 70 countries, hundreds of them, and hold a world media conference. After the conference, the presidents of six Central and South American countries hold a banquet, and they take hundreds of people around, and the Minister of Public Information reports on the confrontation with communism in front of those journalists in broad daylight. Then, the communist methods will completely disappear. We are holding a media conference in June. After brainwashing, we travel to six Central and South American countries. Then the president hosts a banquet. Then the Minister of Public Information comes out and criticizes the state of affairs of his country. Then, we visit Nicaragua next to Honduras. If they don't listen, we criticize them. 
For the communists, it's a big problem. 'Because of Reverend Moon, we are in big trouble!' The communists are getting caught. They can't help but get caught. 'You guys, we won't fall for your propaganda. You promoted Reverend Moon, but I know communist propaganda well, so I won't be fooled. I will cut your necks.' The teacher is upright. It's not for Reverend Moon. So, how is it? Do you like it? "Yes." (Applause) We are fighting, getting criticized, and doing legal battles. 
 
334   
In the age of completion, we must cross the hill of weeping, tears, and sweat
So, when you see this, is Reverend Moon a wonderful man or a bad man? "A wonderful man." (Laughter) He's a wonderful man, right? American women, he's a wonderful man, right? "Yes." All American women like him. Do you like him? "Yes." Speak clearly about what you think of me. Do you like me? "Yes." How is it? "I like you." Is it 'yes' or 'no'? "Yes." Better than soldiers, stronger than soldiers? How is it? "Good." No, no. (Laughter)
So, will you listen if I command? "Yes." What if I tell you to bring Castro? (Laughter) It's not about cutting necks. It's about educating them well, educating those who are influenced by communism, and bringing them to democratize their country. How wonderful is that? It's about understanding and educating everyone to turn them to God's side. How is it? "Good." Do you want that? "Yes." That 'yes' means Jesus in Korean. Do you understand? "Yes." (Laughter) That's why communists fear Reverend Moon. The teacher has some power. Have you thought about that? "Yes." How about you? Can you fulfill such a mission? "Yes."
Then, on this historical day of March 1st, let's make a new resolution and expel the decadent, corrupt, and unforgivable thoughts of American leaders and mobilize to plant a new tradition! Amen! How is it? "Good." Now, our Moonie leaders must cry. I want to see tears falling from blue eyes. (Laughter) How beautiful you would be. Until now, I've only seen tears from black eyes, but from now on, I want to see tears from blue eyes. I think American people's eyes are beautiful. How is it? "That's right." Is it welcome? "Yes." 'Yes,' or 'no'? "Yes." Now, you must shed tears. 
Then, where does completion come from? How do we cross the hill in this age of completion? There is no age of completion after crossing the hill of laughing and liking. You must know that only after crossing the hill of weeping, tears, and sweat can we enter an era where we can laugh forever. Do you understand? "Yes." 
Because there is a responsibility, indemnity is necessary, and because there is indemnity, tears are needed. Only after shedding tears and achieving victory do we have joy. This is a common and historical law that humanity must follow. Whether grandfathers, grandmothers, fathers, mothers, babies, scholars, presidents, or kings, this formula is the same for everyone. 
 Let's complete our responsibility by using persecution in home churches
Reverend Moon has gone through such a miserable history and established the home church as the simplest and most powerful condition that can be presented to Satan and God. (Writing on the board) You must know this. 
So, the home church is a place where you can be lifted when you fall, where you can be comforted in difficult times, and where you can naturally pass through the process of responsibility. There may be some persecution, but you must know that you are starting work at the boundary of an era that can be welcomed, beyond the era of persecution. By winning here, the base of all ideals that Reverend Moon and God have longed for 6,000 years will be established, which is a highly theoretical idea. It is theoretical. 
You are now grafting onto Reverend Moon. Then you will grow automatically. Then where do you get the fertilizer? You get the fertilizer to grow into a big tree from the home church areas that opposed you. You need fertilizer. Where can you get that kind of fertilizer? "From persecution." It comes from persecution. It rots. It rots and becomes fertilizer. 
336   
Do you understand? 
Do you welcome indemnity? "Yes." Why? "To grow." Indemnity restoration is about small things sacrificing for bigger things. The people sacrifice for the country. Will you do that? "Yes." Why? Because this is the true path of restoration. It is the only path. If you can't do it, you must go for thousands, tens of thousands, millions of years. Even if you are a famous person in society, once you enter here, you can't help it. It is a formula. 
If President Reagan of the United States knows this principle and tries to follow the official course, will you feel good or bad? How is it? "Good." (Laughter) From God's perspective, who is higher, Reagan or Reverend Moon? "Father." Reverend Moon? "Yes." Do you think so? "Yes." No, no, no! "Yes." I don't know. Earlier, you said it would be good if Reagan followed your path, but if Reverend Moon is higher than Reagan, how about looking at the path Reverend Moon is going? (Laughter) "Happy." That's right. So, after hearing today's words, you know you were wrong, right? From now on, you will say, 'I will go happily following the path the teacher is going.' Will you be happy? "Yes." Can you do that? "Yes." I like happiness. I welcome it. If you can't welcome it, is it the right path or the wrong path? "It's the wrong path." It's the wrong path. Do you understand? "Yes."
The meaning of the greatest happiness is to practice it. Practicing it is the greatest happiness. Practicing it. It's not about knowing. It's not about knowing. What is the greatest happiness? "Practicing it." Practicing it. Decide here now. What will you do? (Laughter) Do you welcome it or not? Do you welcome it? "Yes." Then march as you said 'yes.' Will you march? "Yes." Then those who will do so, raise your hands and pledge. (Cheers. Applause) May God's blessing be with you! (Applause) * 
          Selected Speeches of Rev. Sun Myung Moon <Volume>       
               Printed  January 15, 2002
               Published  January 25, 2002
               Editor  Rev. Sun Myung Moon's Speech Compilation Committee
             Publisher  Hwang Sun Jo
             Publishing Company  Seonghwa Publishing Co., Ltd.
               Address  172-1 Cheongpa-dong 1-ga, Yongsan-gu, Seoul
           Phone Number  715-3894~6, 701-0110 (Cheongpa Bookstore)
           Fax Number  701-1991
           Registration Number  No. 3-98
             Registration Date  May 20, 1961