Mr. Moon's Selected Words
80
Mr. Moon's Words Compilation Committee

Foreword
                   President of the World Peace and Unification Family Association, Hwang Seon-jo

Table of Contents
  Foreword …………………………………………………… 3
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································

1)
Let Us March Forward Toward One World
White people hate Reverend Moon for coming to America and causing a stir. There is a tendency to think, "The yellow race is coming here..." We need to recognize that this is an ideology that could ruin America and the world. 
God's Will in Establishing America
I announce before the American people: On the day we oppose Reverend Moon, the yellow race will unite with Reverend Moon, and the black community will also unite, recognizing the historical dangers that are at play here. I declare this in the name of God. 
So what does Reverend Moon intend to do here? Everyone, Reverend Moon's original intention is that this land of America, which God has specially blessed, does not perish and reaches the place God desires. 
Then who are the American people? They are those who will embrace humanity and establish God's one nation more powerfully than anyone else. This is why God established America and the American people. Only those who love America more, love God more, and love God's will more can be the American people. October 1, 1975 (Wednesday), Belvedere Training Center (New York, USA).
* The beginning part was not recorded, and the title was added by the editor.
8   Let Us March Forward Toward One World
They are qualified to be the masters of America.
So, in that sense, you black people must take pride in being American citizens. In some sense, if you love America more, you are a dignified American citizen. 
Is the teacher wrong? "No, that's right." I will ask who among the American people cannot understand this. Therefore, we must embrace a super-nationality that can transcend races and establish a nation based on Christian principles in the name of God. This is Reverend Moon's assertion. This is what God desires. This is what Jesus Christ wanted. This is what humanity desires. This is also a historical demand. 
Activities of the Unification Church to Resolve America's Issues
So what kind of country is America? It is a nation that has inherited the British cultural civilization and is meant to connect it with a continent to bear fruit according to God's providence. That is why the world has been entrusted to America. From this perspective, Britain has a motherly mission. America has come from the mother, Britain. 
As you learned in the doctrine of the Fall, the sun has fallen, but in the generation of the sons, restoration must take place. I see the relationship between Britain and America as the point where the historical crisis must be resolved. The mother has fallen, but the sons must restore. As America does well, Britain will fall, and as America does well, Europe can all be restored. 
So what must be done? The American people, who are facing the end times, must have a higher vision than the Pilgrim Fathers. At that time, they dreamed of an ideal nation centered on the Anglo-Saxon race, but we stand in a position that dreams of a unified nation centered on God based on a super-national foundation. It is the same; it is just at a higher dimension.
9 
In that sense, our Unification Church today is like the Pilgrim Fathers who landed on the Mayflower, based on a new dimension. So what about the settlers until now? They are like the Indians. They are like the Indians.
Everyone, when looking at American history, what is the most unpleasant thing? These pioneers are all like pirates. They killed all the indigenous peoples... What is the difference? What is different? What is different? The name of God was here. Without that, there is nothing. It is exactly the same. Is there anything to boast about in American history? These raiders... Is this American land? It is Indian land, Indian land. 
In that sense, America owes a debt to humanity. It owes a debt to the Asian peoples.
So where do the Indians come from? They are Asians, Asians. History is terrifying. It is ironic that Reverend Moon, an Asian, comes to save those who tried to kill the Indians, these enemies.
I can easily take care of the Indians. The 220 million American citizens, the white people, could not take care of them all together... I know that taking care of the Indians is easier than what the American Congress or the American government can do. Do you understand? "Yes." Taking care of the blacks is easier than mobilizing all the white American citizens to do so.
In this situation, where the American people cannot resolve the issue of racial discrimination, especially at a time when there is a risk of communist invasion, Reverend Moon is a guest who has come to entrust the treasures of various countries, what should I say, to banks like America Bank or Chase Manhattan Bank.
But he came on his own feet. Did the teacher just walk here? He came because God told him to come. What would I come here for? Even though our Republic of Korea is in a critical situation, what would I come to this prosperous country for? He is a strange guest. A strange guest, Reverend Moon. He is doing strange things, strange things. He is doing strange things now.
Look. In American families, all the senators, presidents, and high officials cannot absolutely control their own children, yet this unexpected Asian person, without being able to speak, uses an interpreter and commands all the young people in the West to "go!" and they say "yes," and when he says "come!" they say "yes," and they can obey my commands more than in front of any president or anyone else. He is a strange guest. (Laughter)
Will you sell peanuts or flowers at the door for a month just because the American president says so? Would you do that for a month because your father said so? They are saying they will do it for not just a year, but for their whole lives. This is strange, strange. (Laughter)
So, have I done anything bad? Did I buy this house because of me? I bought this house with my own money, with my own money. I owe nothing to America. Do I seem like someone without thought? Look at my eyes; do I seem like someone without thought?
From the perspective of God's will, the culture of the American continent must settle in Asia.
Ultimately, from God's perspective, America... centered on the American land... intended to unify around the First Israel, then around the Italian people, and then around the Anglo-Saxon race, but it has failed to fulfill God's will to form a unified nation. Now, everything is going to ruin. It is all destined to break. We must recognize this as a critical crisis.
God, who is aware of these historical realities, has started from the Middle East and has gone through America and the Western peoples, but now, seeing that America could fall, where will God place His hope? 
11 
It can only conclude that He must place His hope in the Asian peoples.
In the future, the final hope of Christianity will not exist on the day America falls, so it is an unavoidable conclusion that God can only wish for Asia. We must understand this. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, to connect the culture that has borne fruit in America to the world, there must be a connection with Asia. To do this, the great migration of America centered on the Asian peoples was World War II. 
Thus, America has risen to improve the world and has become a country that can influence Asia. In the name of God, America... The victory in World War II was not achieved by Britain. It was achieved by America. Isn't that so? "Yes." America broke Germany and Japan. It was not Britain. It was done in the name of God by America. That was God's will to entrust the liberation of the world to America. Therefore, America must dominate politically, economically, and culturally. In whose name? In the name of America? "No." In the name of God, in the name of God. But has that happened? "No." Even in the 1960s, when it embraced the world, it lost everything. We must recognize this historical fact.
The aid that America provided was done because God commanded it. If the poor Asian peoples had been nurtured and embraced as brothers and sisters in the name of God, and if they had engaged in a national movement that could love Asia more than their own country, America would have dominated Asia. It cannot be done with the same policy and cunning as Britain. It cannot be done.
Your prosperity is not because you did well. The highways and all the wealth of America are for God and for humanity. But because America, like Britain, says, "We will dominate the world. The American people will dominate the world," and plays this game without God, God has left America just as He left Britain.
Therefore, God cannot strike blindly, so He sends someone like Reverend Moon to warn. History has been like this, and the world has been like this, so listen. This is a warning, a warning.
Where will the fruit-bearing civilization of the American continent settle? It cannot settle in America. It must go through Asia, through the Middle East, and circle around to Africa. Therefore, while God has blessed this land of America, if America makes a mistake, the logic that God must place His hope in Asia to fulfill His will becomes established.
The Center of All Civilizations in Asia is Korea
So where do we need to go now? We must melt America down and cross the Pacific to go to Asia. We must go to Asia. From this perspective, the current American policy, which is centered on European supremacy, is concluded to be wrong.
From this standpoint, culture revolves from the continent to the peninsula, islands, and then back to the continent. When looking at the American continent, Japan is in the position of an island. Why has the Japanese nation made such rapid progress in the world? Because Japan was established as a substitute nation for Asia in opposition to the failed Britain, it stands in opposition to Western civilization and thus receives such blessings.
In Asia, Japan stands in a position similar to that of Britain, so it should be a Japan that nurtures Asia and exists for Asia. However, Japan has become a satanic nation that tries to create an Asia that serves its own country, which is why it will perish.
Thus, Japan is no different from Britain. It has simply inherited British civilization. Just as America inherited British civilization, Japan has inherited British civilization in Asia.
Japan worships its nationalistic goddess Amaterasu Omikami, excluding the name of God. The center is a woman, the center is. Is that on God's side? Whose side is it? It is on Satan's side. Because it is on Satan's side, knowing that God intends to unify Asia centered on one, it tries to seize it in advance. Korea is the most important. The most important nation in Asia is Korea, Korea. You must understand that.
To land on the continent after carrying the Pacific civilization through Japan, where do we have to go? We must pass through the peninsula. This is the principle of cultural development. It is going backward. Here, Japan is like Britain, and Korea is like the Italian peninsula. Why has Korea become the biggest issue in the world today? In the UN, the world problem... Korea, America, and the Jewish nation are the three countries that are in a problematic and isolated state. Do you know why that is? Because of the Italian peninsula...
Therefore, America must go through Japan, through Korea, through the Chinese continent, through the Middle East, and circle around to Africa. It must circle around and create one. And when going to Asia, it is not Western civilization or Asian civilization; it is one. The Middle East is one, Africa is one, and it must be completed by circling around.
So, in Asia, the nation that will play a leading role in such work, the land of Asia has pursued spiritual civilization. This Western... This is strange. Christianity, Western Christianity, has centered on material civilization rather than spiritual civilization. This is the opposite.
The more you revere religion, the more you must abandon the land. What happened to Christianity? It is spiritual civilization, but it has lost its body. Therefore, to find the body, it must seek the world. It must seek material.
Originally, if it had been unified in spirit and body centered on Jesus, it would have unified the Middle East and unified Asia through Rome. It is not about going to the West. But because Jesus died, it changed. In fact, all the pirate groups received blessings. Because God could not take responsibility, that is why, when viewing God's will to form a single civilization, it was God who commanded America to touch Asia, not America itself.
Korea... From this perspective, where is the center in Asia? Korea.
This is the center. That is why our Korean issue has emerged as a global problem. In Asia, the most problematic nation is the Korean people. The Korean nation is seen as incapable of cooking. And they are smart and very sharp in organized information business. 

Entering modern times, all conflicts in Asia are said to occur because of Korea. The Sino-Japanese War, the First Sino-Japanese War, the Greater East Asia War, in which Japan fought against the United States, all revolve around Korea. 

Why is that? Why does it have to be that way? Why is it regarded as the foremost problem nation in Asia in modern times? Currently, it is the last remaining point that is directly connected to the Communist Party. It is the only nation that has survived from beginning to end. Whether it survives or perishes, whether it thrives or declines, depends on whether it carries the name of God or not. From this perspective, because there is God's providence in Korea, Satan cannot help but try to put our Korean people in his grasp.

Looking at it this way, Korea has become the focal point of all civilizations in Asia. That is how it is. Everyone, where is the origin of Chinese civilization? The whole world says, "Ah, in China..." However, history proves that the Korean people have surpassed their world. Recently, scholars have recognized this as an issue.

From that perspective, "Ah, this nation has suffered persecution and hardship because it understood God's providence, but God has established a base in the Korean Peninsula!" When viewed from the perspective of the entire providential history, seeing that it aligns, I conclude and judge that "the Korean nation is a nation chosen by heaven, a wise nation!" This is the place where someone like Reverend Moon was born.

In this era, the person who can raise issues in the world as a Korean with the name of God is someone with a historical mission, and we can conclude this through the theoretical framework viewed from this perspective. This is not strange. When we see that it has become a historical conclusion, this is not something that the Korean nation is doing, nor is it something Reverend Moon is doing; it is something God is doing. God has governed history. Therefore, the conclusion that God has done this is valid.

The fastest way for Asian civilization and Western civilization to unite

So what has Reverend Moon been doing all this time? He has been consolidating Asian civilization. If we were to name the foremost figure of anti-communism in Asia, it would be Reverend Moon. Who is the person who says, "Let us have a new religion in the name of God and create a global revolution"? That person is Reverend Moon.

Why did Reverend Moon come to America? He came to America knowing that Western civilization would come to Asia. He knew that many Christians were massacred after Jesus died, so he came as God's special envoy, as a representative, to bring Western civilization to Asia easily. Therefore, what is the easiest way for America to establish itself in Asia in the future? It is through Reverend Moon rather than the Christian path.

He came to America not in debt. He brought gifts that could prevent the youth of this country from perishing, gifts that could prevent families from perishing, gifts that could prevent the nation from perishing, and gifts that could prevent Christianity from perishing. Moreover, he brought the secret gifts that could eliminate communism. Do you believe that? "Yes." Are you going to let them kick you out of America? "Yes." How is it in America, in America? Do you know? "I don't know." You should be on the side of the Americans, the side that wants to drive Reverend Moon away. "No, I don't want to."

I am an Asian. I am a Korean. I am not an American. However, in the name of God, in the name of God... Because I have that name, that name of God is for the world, so I am trying to serve the world rather than the Americans.

You are all smart people. You are smart, right? "Yes." If you do what the Americans are doing now, will America prosper or perish? Answer me. "It will perish." NBC, CBS are opposing it, so they should all go out, right? They will go out. However, the path of victory and defeat has already been determined. The historical cornerstone has already been laid. It just takes a little time. (Laughter) Do you know that? Do you have the conviction that we have achieved historical victory? "Yes." (Applause)

The more you oppose, the more true religion flourishes, rather than weakening. Therefore, you must know that God exists. Why? Because the world of Satan is bound to oppose this. Do not worry about the opposition.

The other day, on CBS, some parents came out and said they had brainwashed their children and brought them back through deprogramming, but those kids looked like they were not worth anything. They are not even human. When I saw them being brought out, they were not useful children, just mushy people with no claims, no assertions. What can you use such people for? They should be discarded.

Now, if you come here and they try to kidnap you for deprogramming, will you follow your parents, or will you come back here even if it means death? What kind of group will you be? "I will come back even if I die." For whom? For Reverend Moon? For the world. For the new ideal nation that will come in the future.

You must become someone who will live there, someone who will inherit that tradition, and like God, who does not waver regardless of what the world says. I am the son of God who has endured for thousands of years, despite enemies betraying and opposing me, so I must become like God.

If Ted Patrick and others like him have created such a system to mentally control God, would God leave? (Laughter) Can you take Reverend Moon and deprogram him or something? (Laughter)

When Japan came to Korea and ruled over it, Japan failed to control me. The Communist Party also tried to brainwash me, but I was not brainwashed. Did I become pro-Communist or pro-Japanese? "No." I am me. God is my Father, and I am me. (Laughter) That is why God likes me. Why does He like me? Because I have a heart like God.

Even if 220 million Americans do not succeed, even if the FBI and CIA put Reverend Moon in prison and try to brainwash him, do you think that will work? It would be better not to do it at all. I encourage you to try it once. Just come and see, just come and see. Don’t oppose it, just come and see. If you like it, go, and if you don’t like it later, quit.

You might find this boring since it has been a long time, should we stop or continue? "Continue." This is necessary for you. You cannot learn this from books, nor can you learn it in college, nor can you find it in American history.

So who will unite Asian civilization and Western civilization? God will do it. Who will do it? It will be done through the Unification Church, and it has already been concluded that this is the fastest way. The idea that the Unification Church will dominate the world is also a valid conclusion based on academic grounds. We must understand this amazing fact.

Westerners must inherit the spiritual civilization of Asia.

But if white people oppose it, what will happen when many Asian nations, Middle Eastern, and African nations unite in the future? If white people in America unite to oppose Reverend Moon, then Asians and African Americans will also unite, and if they realize that this content can dominate the world, they will completely unite at once. Think about what will happen to white people then. How many white people are there now? About 700 million, right? 700 million. But just the Asian nations alone make 1.8 billion. 

Then what will white people do in the future? Think about what will happen if white people oppose and engage in racial discrimination. However, if white people unite and raise Reverend Moon, then Asians and blacks can also do the same... The only way to survive in the future is that path. God saw it that way, and because our American people, the white people, have pioneered Christian culture, in love and sympathy, Reverend Moon was sent. Is this an enemy?

From that perspective, if the Lord who is coming comes as a person, He cannot come as a white person, nor as a black person, but must come as a yellow person. 

From this viewpoint, Asia has discarded all material civilization centered on spiritual civilization. The West has stood on the position of absorbing material rather than spirit based on Christian thought, and as a result, America has become a blessed nation. This must be connected to Asia. 

It must be connected to Asia.

However, today’s Christianity has flowed just as it is, centered on Western people, and God will strike it down. The entire Christian world is entering a period of decline. The Western civilization has collided with a dead end, so the intellectual class sees that it can only rely on Asian civilization, and that is the perspective of the general youth. America is interested in the Asian continent in that sense. Do you understand? "Yes."

In contrast, Asia has laid the foundation for spiritual civilization while being indifferent to material civilization, so it is about attracting material civilization, Western civilization. They should attract each other.

Ultimately, today... If a normal person, should the spirit be sound or the body be sound? "The spirit." Therefore, Asia must be sound, and by inheriting the traditional thoughts of Asia as sound thoughts, it must conclude that Western people must unite in liking it.

The 3-year course to establish a foundation in America, both spiritually and physically

Now, how did the Communist Party come to the stage of being able to occupy this world represented by spiritual standards? Because God is trying to occupy all hearts, Satan has occupied it first. So, what remains is Korea, Korea. That symbolizes that the hearts of the world's people are this much.

So what have I done here in America for three years? I have gathered many nations from the West and brought them to unite with Asians. It has been a game of grafting. That is what the international task force I mentioned earlier is. 

So what have I done for the past three years? Centered on personal, familial, tribal, national foundations, I have worked to establish a foundation for spiritual victory and to graft this into the American land, completely laying the foundation for physical victory to create one. This has been the work for three years...

So this year, I must completely reveal myself as the champion of Korea. Therefore, the entire Korean society is now... Those who are interested in Reverend Moon are actively interested, and those who oppose are actively opposing. This phenomenon is occurring in America as well, where those who are interested are actively interested, and those who oppose are actively opposing.

Some mayors say, "Ah, Reverend Moon is like Hitler. He is trying to turn all the youth into Nazis so that they can kill." They are opposing it. Am I someone like Hitler? "No." In the name of God... It is super-national. It is not the German nation. It is not the Anglo-Saxon race. It is not like Hitler, who is not of the German race or the Anglo-Saxon race.

God must govern the world; Reverend Moon does not think he governs. It is different. So, am I Hitler? Am I someone like Hitler? "No." I may be famous, but I am the opposite of bad. Isn't that right? "That's right."

This time, the international task force going to Korea through Japan must... Japan, like England, and Korea, like the Italian Peninsula, has established a new, national... The fact that 1.2 million people from 60 countries have been mobilized and united is something that must be recognized as a new origin in God's providential history. This is greater than America's declaration of independence and greater than the Communist Party's declaration. In the name of God... Do you know that?

From God's perspective, this is the first time that Western civilization and Asian civilization have united to create a new historical wave, in the providential path of God. Westerners have come together to save Korea. What does that mean? It means saving the spirit, like an external body. It has turned the other way. Because Korea is in that position, you must recognize that it has prepared a historical origin by doing such work.

Because a victorious foundation has been laid in one nation, if we do not come back and firmly establish a physical world foundation centered on America for three years, we will be threatened by communism. This is prophetic. In our Unification Church, we are establishing an external foundation, while connecting the internal spiritual foundation in America. The two must be united.

Therefore, Christian civilization can finally find the spiritual and physical standards it has been seeking in America, and Asian civilization can finally find the spiritual and physical standards it has been seeking here, at the national level, both internally and externally. You must recognize that there is a three-year course left to reach such a conclusion.

The period from 1975 to three and a half years is the time for the greatest decisive battle.

From that perspective, Korea is the Adam nation. How is Korea the Adam nation? It is in a fruitful position centered on Asian civilization... Since Asian civilization is in a spiritual position, this spiritual position symbolizes man, and since it is in a position to bear the fruits of Asian civilization, it is logical to conclude that Korea is the Adam nation.

Next, Japan is like England, a nation of the sun. What about Western civilization? America is a nation of Christian civilization that has completed its spiritual foundation, just like the archangel. Therefore, if we connect Korea, Japan, and America, the world will become one. Korea, Japan, America, and then England and Germany, if these five major nations unite, everything will be accomplished. If we include Israel, it will be a total of six nations.

Who will do that? Who will create one? America could not do it. Democracy could not do it. There is only the Unification Church. How do you feel when you hear that? "Good."

So how do we create one quickly? By arranging international marriages. That is something no one has done. This is what Reverend Moon is doing.
No saint in history, no politician has been able to do this. Only Reverend Moon can do it. Right? "Yes." He mixes whites and blacks, and he makes international marriages between Asians and whites. So when it becomes more than one nation, when it surpasses the 220 million in the United States, it will dominate the world. If the world listens to my words, it can be done within three years. Because within three years, everyone will be married. (Laughter) But the problem is that they do not believe it.

So, should we make them believe it or not? "We should make them believe." Should whites do it or not? "They should." Should blacks do it or not? "They should." Should Asians do it or not? "They should." (Applause)

In that sense, from now on, the period of three and a half years from 1975 to 1978 is a great period of decisive battle in God's providence. It is an unprecedented emergency period in history. If we cannot lay the foundation to defend against communism in the United States during this period, the United States will perish. It will perish. If that happens, the world will perish.

Now, everyone, are there any members of the Unification Church or young people in America or the world who say they will do such a thing? "No." There are none. It is only us. We must understand that God is focusing on us, and that the entire spirit world and the world and all future descendants are paying attention to us.

That is why you must realize that you are the historical resurrected body, the era's separated body, and the ancestral body for the regeneration of the future. Right? "Yes." You must realize that I am the champion representing the history of millions of my ancestors, countless relatives, and many descendants. Have you become historical champions? "Yes." Are you sure? "Yes." Like me? "Yes." The teacher will not die as Reverend Moon even if his neck is cut off. Would you rather die as a son of God or as an American citizen? "As a son of God."

From now on, we... until now, in the historical process, God has been defending us. Until now, when has God ever attacked in the historical age? He has not attacked. But from now on, it is an offensive. It is the first attack in history. So, has the teacher started an attack on American Christianity or not? He has demonstrated it at the Madison Square Garden rally. He has shown that he can shoot. Do you understand? "Yes."

Now, the full-scale offensive is at the Yankee Stadium event. The Yankees... Until now, the Yankees won the Civil War. Yankees! Now, in a higher dimension, in the name of God, beyond America, in the name of God... In that sense, this spiritual battle is similar to America's Civil War. Do you all acknowledge that? "Yes."

Where has the Unification Church laid its foundation? Is New York in the North or the South? "In the North." Embracing New York at Yankee Stadium... So, do we want to win or lose? "We will win." We cannot lose. We are destined to win. Historically, we are destined to win. But if we do not win, who will be responsible? The people will be responsible.

So, would Reverend Moon say he cannot do it? Has he not done it? He has laid the foundation. What is all this fuss in the media about Madison Square Garden, Reverend Moon, and everything else? It is all preparation. Now, in Korea, we gathered 1.2 million in three weeks, but here... Ah, can we not gather 200,000 in a few months? "We can gather them." If we cannot, all these Western people will abandon us. I cannot believe it.

So, did Reverend Moon not give us the ideology and spiritual driving force to win? He has given it. He has taught us what must be done historically, something that cannot be learned anywhere else. At such times, do you want to follow your mother and father around and go down the path of destruction, or do you want to go to your school and go down the path of destruction, or do you want to become frontline soldiers? What will you do? "I will become a frontline soldier." Really? "Yes." Are you on the front line or in the rear? "On the front line." So, is it retreat or advance? "Advance!" Do you have that confidence now? "Yes!" Will the long-time members be ahead or the new members? "The new members." New members? "Yes." (Laughter)

So, go ahead. Let's do that. That's good. Now, Kamiyama is here, and Neil is here, so follow Neil's instructions, follow Kamiyama's instructions, and set off, set off, set off. That is what I mean. Do you know why Kamiyama was made the person in charge here in New York? Because the teacher is Korean, Kamiyama is Japanese, and you all are American, so these three countries must become one.

Now, in the past, they were enemies. Aren't Japan and America enemies? That is why we must follow the biblical teaching to love our enemies even more. Therefore, if an American is to love their enemy, they must love Japanese people and care for them. So, we have brought the content to do so. Do you know how much Kamiyama suffers as the person in charge here? He suffers for America.

Is this country America, Japan, or Korea? "America." That is why you must be more loyal to your country than Reverend Moon, a Korean, or Kamiyama, a Japanese, or even Japanese women and girls. You must be more loyal. Without that, you cannot inherit the civilization of Korea and Asia. You must inherit the civilization of Asia with love, and Reverend Moon must inherit the material civilization of America with love. Not with God's power... but with love. We must unite in love. If we do not unite, we will lose the way for the world's nations, for whites and blacks to become one. If Asians and whites become one, then Asians and blacks can become one, and blacks and whites can become one.

Let us march toward the one world that God desires. 

In viewing this, we discover the historical and amazing fact that the new civilization of unity that God is establishing will begin and be determined through our hands. The people who will do that are you, you. These ugly ones, these ugly ones, these groups that are being scorned, these groups that are being opposed!

When you step out holding flowers, you must think that you are not selling flowers, but selling God. Even if you sell peanuts, you must think that you are selling God. If there are tears in that path, you must know that God's tears are with those tears. When you evangelize and are rejected while handing out a pamphlet, the sad place is a place where you can connect with God, and when you have God's name, your tears can connect with God's tears. If God exists, it is a theoretical conclusion that one cannot help but shed tears with such people and be with such people.

When you think of God, who promised the future blessings centered on the Pilgrim Fathers, we ourselves are no less than the Pilgrim Fathers. You will know how famous the stones of this land have become. When I see Plymouth Rock, I immediately think of this. Ah, the Belvedere Stone... Which is more famous? "Belvedere..." No one in America or the world thinks of it like that, but God and we do. It is not just that God and we think of it, but we know that it is theoretically undeniable.

The Pilgrim Fathers never dreamed they would become such global ancestors of America. What about you? Do you know or not? "We know." You must discover the greatness of America and the greatness of yourselves. We must always think that we are representing our nation and carrying out the solemn historical task of laying the cornerstone for our people.

We must go straight. We must go straight. Can we do that? "Yes." Those who complain are this: "Oh, I am tired." Those who say, "Oh, I cannot do it," are also this. (Expressing with actions) Will you do that or not? "I will not." Raise your hand if you say you will not. Put it down.

Today is the first day of October. The reason I say this is because today, October... the month of October is a month of liberation and blessing for our Unification Church, as history testifies. So, what gift will I give you on this day of blessing? I think I should give you a great gift.

On the day you are armed with ideology through the words of the teacher this morning, you must make a determination that you will go anywhere, even to Moscow or anywhere else, and make it your destination. Do you agree? "Yes."

We must build a unified world of civilization and a unified society of civilization. The five races must hold hands and praise God, and all nations must unite to create a holy land where God can govern on earth.

That is why we must pledge to advance in the name of humanity. We must march forward in the name of God. We must march in the name of true children of God. For the true ideal world that God desires, for the heavenly kingdom on earth, we must march for one nation.

Now, we must pledge to march from this place. Let us raise our hands and swear to march! March! 

2) The Path That Those Who Bear the Mission Must Take

Ah! Everyone, we must first give thanks to heaven for such beautiful weather today. Just the day before yesterday, it kept raining, and I thought, "Oh, what will we do if it rains on the day we gather?" Even though my mother was worried, I said, "It will not rain." And I was right. (Laughter. Applause)

Everyone, the weather is cool, and the scenery is beautiful, but what is the best thing among all this? Of course, the trees and scenery are all good, but the best thing today is the sun, the sun. I think so. Is that right? "Yes." Since you all think the sun is the best, you probably all want to wander around. (Laughter) However, no matter how good the sun is, we are in a position where we cannot do that.

Now, for those who are here for the first time, they might think, "Oh, the weather is cool, and the ground is damp, making it eerie, but Reverend Moon has all the members turn their backs to the sun and only looks at the sun while talking. Isn't he a person who only thinks of himself and not of the whole?" They might think like that. "We do not think that way."

However, if we all sit here for one hour, two hours, or three hours, our faces will turn bright red and get quite tanned. Thinking about this, one might feel that it was a good decision to sit here. Also, if these white women, these young ladies, get sunburned after three or four hours, they will all dislike it. But I have already been out in the sea and have gotten as dark as I can, so I represent that meaning... From that perspective, I think it is good to sit here. In that sense, these American girls who dislike getting tanned should be quite grateful to me. They will think gratefully.

To understand the present situation, one must know the past history.

Today is October 4th, as you know. This is the first such gathering in America. People must know history. One must know history to understand the current situation. Now that we have laid a certain foundation in America, we decided to hold this gathering because we must teach history.

Every time we spend such days, I always reflect on whether I am achieving what I intended or not. Although there is opposition and uproar in America now, that is not the problem.

So, why did I end up in prison? That is probably the biggest question. Why did I go to prison? Now, in Korea, the Korean people recognize that when it comes to Reverend Moon, "He is the person who cares for the country more than anyone else among this nation and this people." They all acknowledge it. And they say, "It would be good if that Reverend Moon worked in Korea, but why did he leave his homeland and go to a country like America? Wouldn't it be better if he returned and worked?" I know there are many people who protest like this.

Until now, the government has opposed us, and the established churches have opposed us, but now they are researching... Above all, when they see that these activities centered on Korea are spreading globally, the entire nation has begun to reconsider, and many people have come to respect our organization and me.

Not only in Korea but also in Japan, among those who know me, I am aware that there are many who are respected internally by the state. Why? Why? Has Reverend Moon changed from the past? Have the members of our Unification Church changed? We are the same. We have not changed, but how have they come to respect us now? Because they have learned a lot, because they have realized many things, they have entered a stage where they cannot help but respect us.

A nation must go this way, and the people must go this way, and we have proclaimed that, and from a leading position, we have educated all of this, and now it has hit 100 percent. They have come to understand that if we had not done this, it would have been a big problem, and they have come to sincerely appreciate it, which is why they respect us. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

So, after going to prison, everyone suffered... They all blamed me for their sins, for the bad things they did in the past, and they spread evil propaganda as if I had done it all. Why did they do that? Because if the established church allowed Reverend Moon's organization to exist, they thought they would completely lose their young people and that their church would collapse.

Also, if a revival in society occurs through a new direction, it will surely have a national impact, so they could not help but oppose it out of fear of losing their current traditional foundation.

The reason we face opposition

Even here in America, parents oppose us now, but why do they oppose us? It is the same. They go to Reverend Moon and end up loving the church more, listening to Reverend Moon's words better, and listening less to their parents... People inevitably feel this perspective. The principle is exactly the same. They propagate that Reverend Moon is exploiting people and all that, but no. They do not understand that to raise someone to be useful, they must be trained. So, they say, "In a few years, they will understand," and as we have been pioneering until now, those parents who opposed us have recently come to be unable to show their faces, becoming part of the Unification Church, and their sons...
I put my daughter completely into the Unification Church, and I feel embarrassed about it even now, wondering, "How could this happen?" Even during the recent 1,800 couple mass wedding ceremony, many parents were encouraging, saying, "Teacher, I can't express how grateful I am that you are doing such good work and taking care of my sons and daughters." Everyone was in favor; there was not a single person opposing it. However, the people who came from places like Japan or the United States, who were unfamiliar with it, just went "Ugh, ugh..." (laughter) 

Even the neighborhood dogs don't bark at their owners or friendly neighbors. They bark because they don't know; when they do know, they wag their tails and show affection. (laughter) I'm not comparing those people to dogs; I'm just using it as an example. There are also newspaper reporters here today... (laughter) 

Now, even in America, there are people thinking, "Reverend Moon from the East is committing murder and robbery, taking other people's sons and cutting their bellies and shaving their heads, locking them all up..." This is how some people think about the Unification Church followers worldwide. If there is even one person here who thinks that way, please raise your hand. Raise your hand in public if you think that way. Right now, history is proving facts and making just judgments, so time will resolve this issue. 

Look at this. When have we ever kidnapped anyone? I have never said such a thing, nor have I ever thought it, yet there are lawsuits claiming that we have kidnapped people. We may have brainwashed them, but you all opened your mouths and said "Ah..." because you wanted it. The term "brainwashing" implies that it is done forcibly, in a state where one has no will. This is not brainwashing; it is a new form of guidance from a normal standpoint. If you interpret it, it is the same. Education, in that sense, is also a form of brainwashing, including school education. Isn't that the case with Catholicism and established churches? They all do it. 

That’s right? "Yes." (applause) 

Therefore, even if the world is making a fuss about this issue, the Teacher does not feel any moral guilt. No matter how much they make noise, in the end... the newspapers are the same. Even if they write bad articles and keep following along, eventually... there will come a time when they can only write good things. (applause) 

So, initially, it may be bad, but soon... a newspaper cannot write something bad twice. Why? Because if they say something is bad when it is not, they will eventually have to write good things. (applause) Even if we are considered bad, if we improve from that badness, it can be good. However, if something is not bad but is labeled as bad, then they must completely bow their heads to us. They must submit. 

Good people reveal themselves in any environment. 

Today, since we have guests and newspaper reporters here, you might think I am making excuses, but that is not the case. Today is such a day that I cannot help but say these things. When I recall the past 21 years I have spent, there is one story that I still remember clearly and will always remember. 

When I first entered the prison, the prison warden and all the officials surrounded me and joked around. They said, "You are Moon, causing social problems..." and made all sorts of remarks, but I did not say a single word. Even in prison, I did not feel sad; I remained calm. And the room I was in became a famous room. 

The people in that cell all thought, "What kind of person has entered here?" Within a month, the prison warden came to apologize to me, and the officials began inviting me for lunch. Everyone in the cell had to greet me every morning. News spread that "The Republic of Korea, which has imprisoned such a good and kind person, is bad, and this prison is bad, and you are all bad." There were even people protesting about it. 

Of course, it was like that inside the cell, but everyone was amazed when they saw our Unification Church members. Each day, one person was allowed to visit, and people lined up 24 hours a day to visit me. This was the problem. Such a thing has never happened in history. 

Some people had to wait three days just to get a visit. With such results, if their son, wife, or husband had entered the prison, it would be understandable, but how could a person they did not know and had no relation to be so virtuous? This could not be a trivial matter. 

They said, "What about brainwashing, forcing their sons and daughters to be educated, and so on..." But if they were truly forced and disliked it even a little, would they show up to do such things? So, from the prison, everyone began to understand that "Teacher Moon is not a dictator or an exploiter; all that is nonsense." Do you understand that? "Yes." 

Justice governs and remains in history. 

If I were to get caught by the FBI and end up in prison, would you all do the same? Would you? "Yes." Raise your hand if you would do that. Look at this. Everyone would do that. Did I teach you this? "No." Did I promise that you should say this because reporters are here? "No." (applause) I am also learning this for the first time. The world is amusing. Therefore, we must correct this world. The more we do, the more we must unite with righteous indignation and enter this decisive position where we can affirm our hope for tomorrow. It is because of opposition that we can distinguish between real and fake people. We can meet true people. Only those with strong spirits, intelligence, clear reasoning, and foresight will remain. 

Look. Even among those who oppose the Unification Church by following their parents, is there anyone worthwhile? In my view... I can see people well. I found no one worthwhile. They all drifted with the winds of the times and became part of the hippie movement, capable of causing all sorts of social evils, but I believe there is no one who can bring benefit to society. In that sense, I welcome opposition. (applause) 

Can a deprogramming operation turn truth into falsehood? "No." Can deprogramming restore God? "No." Can that change Jesus? "No." Those who were martyred in the historical era, who pursued truth, did not change, which is why they govern history. How can such great people change because of the government? They cannot. 

Even if the government tried to do that to me, I did not change. The Communist Party tried, but I did not change. Established churches and the Republic of Korea did such things, but I did not change. (applause) Even if countries tried, how could any organization or individual, friends or parents, succeed? That cannot happen. 

Justice governs and remains in history. This is an undeniable principle. Why? Because God is with that justice. Now, among the historical figures and saints of the past, was there anyone who did not suffer persecution in their time? When faced with opposition in the historical process, those who justified themselves as being right cannot be counted among the saints. 

Jesus, too, faced such accusations and bore grievances, but He silently endured. However, He re-emerged as the victor of the historical era because He did not fight against evil. Goodness retains its essence, even in the presence of evil... He possessed the privileged mindset that even with evil, goodness itself must be maintained, which is why He became a global victor. 

So why did those people become global figures? Because they resembled God; they resembled God. God has remained silent and has not rebelled against evil people, even against those who claim that God is dead, like the Communists, doing all sorts of things without speaking out. Because they resembled that God who has endured for thousands of years, they have developed. 

Gold, even if it falls into a sewer and gets dirty, remains gold. However, that does not mean the sewer is not a sewer. If you lift it up, you will know its essence. However, even if many people claim something is true, when compared to the real truth, their true identity is completely revealed. This time, problems arose because of parents, but we won in the Washington court. We are dignified. Reverend Moon called newspaper reporters for interviews, and I know that by using this opportunity to issue statements and awaken the American public with eloquent phrases, it will have considerable effect. I know it will be quite beneficial for us, but I remain calm. 

You can tell a tree by its branches, by its fruits, and by its leaves. Reverend Moon can also tell by looking at you all. "All Unification Church members are good, but that Unification Church teacher is bad." Can that be true? "No." Those who think that way are out of their minds. 

After one year, after two years, just wait a little longer. When autumn comes, everything will naturally be resolved. Why are you all making a fuss? Therefore, even if you face opposition, just smile and go on. Just as Korea was greatly influenced by seeing our members, I know that even if America opposes you today, it will be greatly influenced by you. 

Only capability and results determine victory. 

The good side, both God and Jesus Christ, never plays games by exploiting others' weaknesses. Strong people do not do such things; weak people do. Therefore, I do not want to look at anyone's faults just because I am confident now. This is not God's law. Good people, what do they do? They cover flaws and try to nurture and guide with goodness. In that sense, history reveals and proves the facts. 

Reverend Moon has developed while facing opposition. Such facts are being recalled this time. So, how frustrated must our young people feel? How frustrated must they be? If I were an evil person and said, "Get revenge," countless people would have died. You all would, too. If I just gave the command, people would die. However, I live for justice. Fortunately, I am not an evil person. (applause) 

Next, what is the second point? What remains until now? The officials who came to dismantle said, "Teacher, since it has all been revealed that we are innocent, let’s awaken this nation and publish a statement to capture all these people." That was the first thing they did when I came out. 

It was the same this time. When we held a rally of 1.2 million people in Korea, the established churches opposed us and spread all sorts of slander. I knew that if I sued them, it would cause problems, but I told them to stop and not to sue. So, do you like such a teacher? "Yes." Do you like such a teacher? "Yes." So, did I fail or succeed? I did not fail. I have developed. Looking back on those events, I think I did well as a religious leader. (applause) 

Next, what is the third point? Just wait 10 to 20 years and see what happens to the nations and established churches that opposed me. History judges based on capability and results. We must understand this correctly. History is determined by capability and results... only capability and results determine victory. 

What kind of person is a capable person? What kind of person is a person of character? A capable person is someone who does not just talk but takes action. They are people with results. "To the American people, to the American press, to the editors of the New York Times, to the newspaper presidents, you can all shout as loud as you want. I will achieve more in a short time than what you have done." That is what I mean, I will do it bigger. (applause) 

How long has it been since I came to America? Just over two years, and I have bought Tarrytown, bought Barrytown, bought East Garden, and also the Columbia University Alumni Center... Recently, where is it? I have bought a house seven times larger than the Columbia University Alumni Center, and now I will build a theological college there, and I will also buy a university... In a few years, I will establish a university and create a newspaper. I will accomplish what no one has done in American history in a short time. (applause) Besides what I have mentioned... 

I will establish universities worldwide and have more newspapers than any newspaper president in the world. (applause) I am preparing to have several times more than UPI and AP correspondents. Therefore, I must take responsibility to defend against the threat of the Communist world trying to dominate the media. (applause) 

Everyone, as a leader of the Unification Church, in this place where people from all over the world are paying attention, where New Yorkers are all paying attention, I must make this announcement in public, and you must understand that this is not something I can take lightly. (applause) 

Then, should I do this alone? Or will you all work together? "We will work together." Will you go ahead of me or follow me? Which one is it? Will you follow me? "Yes." Really? "Yes." I cannot trust you. (laughter) Then go ahead and try. I do not think about sleeping for eight hours. I think about fighting for good for 24 hours. I fight for 24 hours. I repent after I sleep a lot. Does God sleep for three hours? "No." Does Satan sleep? "No." Therefore, we have no time for that. To quickly make this world into a world of God's will, we must work 24 hours. I can never be a man who stands in the position of salvation and exploits you, that is my philosophy. 

When Unification Church believers go to work, they go ahead of others by even a second and arrive late by even a second, all for the sake of the company. This is our ideology. I believe this is necessary for the nation, for the people, and for all humanity, regardless of their education or lack thereof. 

Let’s instill our ideology into all humanity. 

When I say this, you might immediately think, "Oh, the Teacher told us to come by 9:40 this morning, but he arrived at 10:15, so he was late." You might think that. I left Barrytown at 4:30 this morning and arrived here before 6:30. However, Barrytown is still...
Because we had not held the dedication ceremony before God, we conducted the ceremony of separation and the ceremony of dedication. That's why it was delayed. So, even though I am a bit late, I do not feel guilty in my conscience. Please forgive me, as it is a fact that I am late.

You are the same. When a leader incurs debt, that organization retreats. This is true for the President of the United States as well. The day the President of the United States incurs debt before the American people, America retreats. Because God has not yet incurred debt before the countless humanity of history, I know that while it seems like God's will is failing, it is actually pioneering and developing. Therefore, I urge you to be strong and courageous for the sake of justice. My hands must act against injustice, and my hands must act against evil... Moreover, all the communist parties of this world must be eradicated. (Applause)

From that perspective, has America become the kingdom of God? "No." Just look at how much evil there is. Are there Christian youths with faith who can fight against that evil? "No." Look at it. American youths have come to a stage where they cannot trust their country, their families, their parents, their society, their churches, their pastors, and even God. There is nothing that can be said to these people to make them feel good. Therefore, we must establish a correct view of the nation, a correct view of society, a correct view of the family, a correct view of education, a correct view of faith, and a correct view of God. This is the mission that we feel at the Unification Church.

To do such work, we cannot think of normal things. When we look at the current situation where this democratic world is on the brink of collapse, when will parents do everything they like, and when will society do everything it likes... When we realize that what parents, society, and everyone likes is not what God likes, we must urgently create a strong organization and lay our foundation. We must understand that we cannot avoid this kind of work despite opposition.

I am not an ignorant person. There is no time, no time. Once you are educated and gain the responsibility for these things, then I will send you all home. Once the family is settled, I will send you to society and then to the country. So, I am asking you to wait until then. Just wait a little. I am saying not to be in a hurry and just wait a little, so why is there such a fuss? Therefore, we must prepare as soon as possible.

That is why we are establishing a training center in Tarrytown to provide education. People say that this education is brainwashing... We must do more than that. One thing that the American people must understand is that rather than calling it brainwashing, what do these intelligent young people possess... A person with a poor intellect cannot be here. They must be able to think and be intelligent. These intelligent young men and women... Even the President cannot do whatever he wants with his sons and daughters, nor can senators or governors do whatever they want with their children. When they see a person from the East, Reverend Moon, coming and dominating their thoughts through interpretation and making them move like this... If the American people cannot think about this, I see no hope for America.

What can be done with fists? Can you just go around saying, "You!"? You need to have a theory. You need to have a worldview. You need to have a legitimate content to criticize that society. You need to have legitimate content to lead. The purpose and worldview must be established more remarkably than any theology or ideological system, and the fact that no one thinks about this is what makes me think about America's future.

Here, we are teaching things that cannot be found in any library in the world, things that cannot be known even after decades or centuries of research, yet people think it is like making a PhD at an elementary school. This cannot be found in any library. You all know that. Wow, this is really amazing.

So, when we are armed with this, we can defeat the communists, and we can interpret things that even the philosophers of the democratic world cannot answer. In the end, why do they oppose? They oppose out of fear, out of fear. When we become a million, ten million, or half of the American people, what will happen? What will America become? Will it become a good America or a bad America? Will it be pushed back by the communists and engage in the kind of nonsense that Kissinger is doing with Chinese politics today? It will become dignified. (Applause) It will be dignified.

In that sense, my support for Nixon was not a support for Nixon as an individual. I supported the office of the President Nixon, the office. This is a matter that the American people need to understand going forward. When the sovereign of a nation establishes new policies and determines the fate of that nation, they must have privileges. That is the meaning of my support.

If Nixon had been there, Vietnam and Cambodia would not have turned out like this. It happened just as I predicted. The act of handing over all the weapons worth billions to the communist world is a national disgrace for a country that is supposed to lead the democratic world. This big country, being chased by small communist parties, packing up and leaving... God does not like that. Would God like that? "No." At the UN General Assembly, condemning China as an invader and declaring communists as the enemies of the world, and now welcoming them, packing up, and yielding... God does not like that. I know that.

You must understand that history follows those who change, not those who follow truth. If America continues such policies, it will become a nation that deviates from the truth of history. In that sense, you are needed. You must have an influence. Where can you find someone like you in the eyes of God? We are fighting for the nation and the world. Today, Reverend Moon is not fighting for the Unification Church. (Applause) Every time you face such a day, having gone through over 20 years of history, standing at the forefront of this struggle, fighting without fail until now, and looking at a dignified teacher who can still fight, you must learn this spirit. That is why God...

What I do for myself does not remain, but what I do for the nation and the world remains with history. Every time you face such a day, you must recognize that this day can be remembered and praised for its significance because the teacher has that kind of thought.

One thing you must understand is that the teacher has also experienced the tortures of shedding blood and dying in the historical age. You must know that I have coughed up blood and have gone through life and death while pioneering. Even in such difficulties, I was not a person who prayed, "God, help me." I prayed, "Have confidence. I am alive now, so have confidence. Your will will not fail." I looked up to heaven.

You are the same. The responsibility of the Unification Church may be carried out at its headquarters, but America is my strength, my strength... Why? Because I know that God does not like those who incur debt. People do not like that either. Nations do not like it either. I did not come to America to incur debt. I came to consume. I came to make others incur debt.

Do I owe a debt to America? Does America owe me a debt? Do you owe me a debt, or do I owe you a debt? What is it? "We owe a debt." That is why I am dignified. Therefore, I am dignified. Even if you work hard, I have the qualification to command you who are working hard. Because I have a conscience, because you know it in your conscience... If you think that is true, raise your hand. Put it down.

Now, on a day like today, there is much to say. There is much to say. When I talk, it feels like I am boasting, so I do not feel like talking. That is why I dislike it. So, you should understand that those who fight based on justice and overcome until the end will survive.

So, do you want to be like that? "Yes." When the blade passes by your neck, what will you do? Will you still go? Even if your neck falls back, will your body still go? "Yes." That is what is needed. We need people who will dedicate their lives to protecting the world and leading the world to a world of goodness. We do not need people who want to inherit the world. There are already too many of those.

There are many Americans. Many citizens want to live depending on America, but there is no one who wants to make America depend on them. You must understand that America wants such people. Which kind of person do you want to be? "I want to be someone who makes America depend on me." Everyone wants that, but it is difficult to practice. So, do you want to choose the difficult path? "Yes."

You must resolve to go the path of death, leaving behind the comfortable place of living well with your parents. Will you go that path? Can you go? "Yes." When your beloved wife says, "Oh, please don't go. Don't go. You should live well with me," can you leave that and go that path? "I can go." There are not many people in this world who can do that. There are not many in the world. Then what kind of person does God need? God needs such people, and the world needs them. However, it is not easy to become such a person. Do you like being scorned like me? "Yes." Guests here, why are you taking so many pictures? (Laughter) There are two kinds of using that well and using it poorly.

Now, today. Because it is October 4th... Look at this. Everyone is coming close to Reverend Moon and taking pictures, and that could be sold. I know that. Until now, no newspaper reporter has ever come close and done this. However, today is a good day... I believe that the pictures taken on a good day like today will be used well. (Applause)

So, can you go a path that is this difficult? This is what I want to ask. "I can go." It is difficult. I have found it difficult. I do not want to recommend that you come to this difficult path. It is difficult. It is hard. It would be better to quit. Men, go out and date. Serve your parents. Go out and play; how nice is that? That is what I am saying. "No." Honestly, I am saying to date. "I won't." I am saying to do it. Do it. (Laughter) Now, let’s see a show of hands for those who will do that. Then let’s see a show of hands for those who will not do that. Thank you very much. (Applause)

To achieve this, there will be many times when you will shed tears in secret. There will be many times of frustration and resentment. Young people often want to knock things down immediately. However, they cannot. Even while crying, there are times when you must smile and comfort others, and there are times when you must pray for blessings even after being beaten. However, it is certain that these facts will remain as one of the cornerstones in the history that goes to heaven.

That cornerstone can become a bridge and can become a pillar that allows us to cross this muddy world. If today, centered around this day, we can resolve that we will go the path of death, swearing before heaven, then the significance of today is sufficient, and I believe today is a more meaningful commemorative day for you. Now, let those who resolve to go this path even if they die raise their hands.

<Prayer> Beloved Father! Please protect the Unification groups scattered around the world, your children in 120 countries centered around Korea, Japan, and America at this time.

Father, we know what your will is and what path those who carry your mission must take. Remembering this day 21 years ago, we recall the night of celebration when the fleeing group rejoiced. For 21 years, we have gone through the path of suffering, but we have laid a historical foundation that can survive, and today, standing before these young people on the American continent, we can proclaim a new global message and have a day of remembrance. I know that all of this is not what I have done, but what you have done.

Father, now these people raise their hands before you, resolved for tomorrow's America, tomorrow's democratic world, and the heavenly creation ideology. May this resolution remain unchanged, even if the heavens and earth shake, and may you dominate their hearts and thoughts.

Allow them to remain as a group that is not only praised but also worthy of love in your world of blessing as the final victors. Father, I earnestly wish and hope for this.

I earnestly ask you to personally oversee everything from this time forward, and I pray all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen.
There is history. In this way, we can consider history in two ways. 

However, when we think about the history created by humans and the history created by God, if everyone has the desire and hope to remain, the question arises: do you want to remain in human history or in God's history? Without a doubt, everyone would say they want to remain in the latter, right? "Yes." 

Why is that? If there is a center in this universe, that center, the origin, is not something visible in the world but rather that invisible center, which we can only see as God or the Absolute Being. If such a being exists, then that being will go through a process from the beginning to the end. 

From this perspective, we can logically conclude that those who wish to remain in history are people of purpose and can become a standard for humanity. 

Who does God want to leave behind? 

Now, if we look at a country like the United States today, it has a history of 200 years. If we say it has come this far, it means this is the end. Is 200 years really just this much? (While writing on the board) Don't you think so? "I think so." 

And if America has left such a history, we don't know whether the center of this history, the direction it is heading, is going this way or that way. When we think like that, can we say, "Ah! I'm definitely going in a parallel line"? "No." Is there anyone who knows that? 

Also, if we consider human history as around 6,000 years, does it go in a straight line, or does it go this way or that way? It can also go backward. How does it go? What do you think? Do you think it goes straight? How do you think it goes? The heavens go this way, but humans think, "Ah, we go this way." 

Do you like rice? Do you like to eat? Americans think, "Rice is eaten in the morning; everyone eats at the same time." They think that conceptually. Americans think, "Everyone eats breakfast at the same time." But is that true? There is a three-hour difference between the East and the West. They don't think about that. They also think that lunch time is the same for everyone, but is it really the same? It's all different. It changes more and more as you go. Is that right? "Yes." 

When we see this, is what we call the same correct or not? "It's not correct." It's not the same. 

Now, regarding life, people say, "Life is just the same for everyone. Life is the same. People are all the same." Why? Because when you look at it, everyone lives and dies, and that seems the same. From that perspective, it seems the same. They say it is the same. Everyone lives and dies... Is that really the same? Is it the same? Everyone is born differently, and all are diverse. 

Hey, even after talking about this, within ten minutes, people are dozing off... When we ask whether white people or black people doze off first, it turns out the black person dozed off first. One person over there, and another white person over there also dozed off. Now, should we stop talking and sing instead? "No." Then, close your eyes; you don't want to see or hear any of this... Yes, if you just close your eyes, everything is shut off. Then where is that person going? The teacher says to go here, but are the dozing people going the right way or the wrong way? "They are going the wrong way." You will think, "What I am doing is the best, so why..." This is how it is. When we see this, our life is not the same. 

What about human history? If there is one nation, and if there is a chief representing that nation, if that chief becomes a bit larger, he becomes the sovereign of that country, and that’s how it is. A country is nothing special. There is a sovereign... If we talk about the separation of powers, there is a sovereign, there are citizens, and there is land; if you combine them into one, that is a country. That is all the same. There is sovereignty, land, and citizens. That is a country; that is what a country is. But does that mean all countries are the same? They are all different. 

From this perspective, if you think, "Ah, I want to become the president of that country, I want to be a patriot who remains in that country..." That’s good. You want to be a patriot and be recorded in history, but if after being recorded, you can look back at your position, how astonishing would that be? We can understand this. We can understand how much is wrong. 

Therefore, even if someone, centered on desire, works tirelessly throughout their life to become the sovereign of that country, when viewed from the perspective of the history of the universe and God's providential viewpoint, will that person's value truly remain in human history, in God's history, in the history that God governs? It cannot remain at all. So, when viewed like this, no matter how much humans try to leave a path in the human world, we cannot trust that. We cannot confidently say that it can remain from the relative position of universal history. 

If God truly loves humanity, then God cannot help but want to leave human history alongside God's history. Do you think so? "Yes." Then, if people wish to remain in God's history... what kind of people will God leave behind? This is the question. Now, here, if we go this far (while writing on the board) and then diverge here, or if we go this far and then diverge here, or if we go this far and then diverge here, which one would we want? We want to go all the way like this. So, would that be correct or not? "That is correct." 

The best ideal way to bind men and women is through love. 

So, what is a person? When we look at the world where people live, in America, there are black people, white people, and countless others, but what can we narrow it down to? It can be narrowed down to men and women; it is that simple. With one man and one woman, everything can be narrowed down. That one person who wants to remain in history, who wants to leave a record, undoubtedly wants to become that kind of person. Whether man or woman, if they clearly understand that historical fact, even if told not to remain, they will remain, and even if told not to go, they will go. Isn't that right? 

When we narrow down our thoughts like this, if God wants to leave humanity in history and leave them with a common value standard like God, what standard should be set in this unruly human world? What standard should be established? We can conclude that "only a true man and a true woman are enough." Is that correct? "Yes." 

Now, when God creates a woman and a man, which is easier? Is it easier to create a woman first or a man first? Think about that. "A man." Because it’s a man, right? (Laughter) Please answer clearly. What do you think God would think? Is it easier to create a woman first or a man first? Is it easier to create both together, or is it easier to create one person, the center, first? When we ask this, the common answer will undoubtedly be that a man must be created first. Then, without a doubt, a woman will be created next. (Laughter) Don’t worry about that. 

God must think that He has to create a man who fits the historical form. It’s not just because God thinks that way, but because humanity has requested that such results come about, it concludes that He cannot help but do so. From that perspective, when it comes to the principle of creation and all that, when we ask who should be created first, it is only natural that a man should be created first. 

Then, why was that man created? For whom was he created? He was created for the woman. (Laughter) Generally speaking, does a man like to work more than a woman, or does a woman like to work more than a man? It is said that a man likes to work more than a woman. Women like to wear pretty clothes and walk gracefully. (Laughter) Isn't that right? "Yes." 

Therefore, the physique is like that, right? No matter how tall a woman is, she cannot be taller than a man. How tall? (Applause) And women do not have one thing: a beard. (Laughter) Because women do not have a beard, they are thought to be pretty, and God is thought to have created them beautifully, but that is not the case. It is thought that one thing was not attached. (Laughter) In terms of numbers, men have one thing more. If you have even one more thing, you become the center. 

From this perspective, ultimately, it means that these two can be made into one. If we can make one follow, then the two can combine and just go to one place, go, go, go, and that is how it should be. This conclusion emerges. 

So, what should be done? If the man goes east and the woman goes elsewhere, will that work? If the man goes east, the woman will cry, "I must go. I must go." And when the woman goes elsewhere, the man will cry, "Oh, I want to go together." This is something that must be thought about. Would God think about this or not? "He thinks about it." Because God is the King of Wisdom, He must think that there is a risk, so He must tie them together and make them go together even while crying. Therefore, to bind them together, the man is born for the woman, and the woman is born for the man, and they must not exist without each other, bound by love. 

If there is no love, can they go together as one? When we think about this, when we see that men and women are bound by love, we cannot help but think that this is the best ideal way to navigate a historical direction and manage a common life. Isn’t that right? "Yes." 

Therefore, for men and women to become one and for them to walk the right path, only love can do that. This is the conclusion. Neither man nor woman can do it, but if there is love, the two can become one. Do you all think so? "Yes." 

What must remain in history forever is the path of true love. 

Now, when we ask women, "Hey, where do you want to go? Where do you want to go?" they do not answer, "I will go to God's history." When we ask men, "Where do you want to go?" they do not answer, "I will go to the direction of God's history." 

When we ask, "Who do you want to go to?" women say, "I will go to the man." That is a simple and conclusive answer. And when we ask men, "Where do you want to go?" they answer, "What do you mean where? I will go to find a woman instead of God." Does that answer differ from our ancestors a thousand years ago, or from people today, or from our descendants a billion years later? "It is the same." Can it be different? "No." They undoubtedly said, "No." Is that statement correct or not? "It is correct." Is it a wrong statement or a correct statement? "It is a correct statement." Some people... It is undoubtedly true. 

Now, when we look at this, what kind of path do people take? It is not a path for the nation, nor is it a path for the world. First, it is the path where men and women seek each other. That is the beginning of life. Today, we have reached a conclusion here. 

So, what is the path that will remain in history, which God cannot discard and humanity cannot discard? It is the path where men seek women and women seek men. This path is something that neither God can discard nor we humans can discard, so this is the path that will remain. This conclusion is valid. Therefore, this is what will remain. Isn’t that right? "Yes." 

Next, why do we seek that path? We seek it because of love. It is because of love that we seek it. Therefore, what will remain in this historical age or in the age of God's providence? If we ask this, it is love that can make men and women one. The conclusion is love. Is that undeniable? "Yes." Therefore, this love will remain. Love must remain. 

So, what kind of love is that love? There are bad loves and all sorts of things... There are bad things and good things. That is true. When a man loves a woman, if he loves her to use her, is that a proper love? "No." The same goes for women. If a woman is sweet-talking and smiling, putting on makeup to entice, is that a proper love? "No." When we look at this, to draw a comprehensive conclusion, what do both people want to leave behind? What do men and women want to leave behind together? This will be the core thought and core direction in human history or in God's restoration providence. This conclusion is undeniable. It must remain forever. 

Then, what is the true love of men and women? It is not a love that people claim, but a love that God intervenes in, a love that allows men and women to love each other, a love that reaches that dimension. If God thought of that and gave love, what kind of love does God like? What love can be eternally liked by both Buddhas and men and women, and by God as well? That is the question. What kind of love is that? Is that a love that changes or a love that does not change? I see this as the problem. "It is a love that does not change." 

Then, when a man is born, what should he seek? From the moment a man is born and grows up, what should he seek? He should seek true love. That is the conclusion. Then, what should he do while living? He must find the true path centered on love and live truly. That is the conclusion. After that, he must die truly centered on love. This is the true core direction. 

When you get married, do you want to find a man who changes or a man who does not change? And when you get married, what kind of woman do you want to find? If there is a woman who has lived her life carelessly, or a man who has lived his life carelessly, when you ask those men and women, they will all answer, "I must seek true love." Even those who have not lived that way will answer the same. 

So, what is true love? What is true love? Do you all like it? "Yes." Have you seen it? "No." "Yes." What is "yes"? We haven't even explained true love, so how can you answer? (Laughter) 

The question of how to find true love... This true love must be eternally preserved.
I realized that it must be left for men and also for women, and in the historical process, in the providential process that God desires, in the ideals that God wishes for... If we do not wish for this true love, then everything about God's ideals and so on is in vain. We have come to know this. This is what all people desire. This is also a condition of lamentation for those who have gone to the spiritual world, saying, "Oh, if only I had lived like that..." It is a condition of lamentation for those of us who live, and it is a condition of hope for those who will come in the future.

Do you want to know that? "Yes." If you are taught to study at school, you pay a monthly fee, so how much will you pay? "I will pay every day." Every day? Wow, you guys are great! It's that good! It's really that good.

The teacher has been pondering these issues for a long time and has found out that it's nothing special. It is the love of a man for a woman and the love of a woman for a man. That's all there is to it. It is a love that serves. It is not a love that demands to be served. From the love that serves, we can conclude that we can only discover the source of true love. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

It is not about demanding to be served.

It is not about demanding to be served, but rather that a man, even while sleeping, serves his wife, even while awake, serves his wife, even while eating, serves his wife, even while walking, serves his wife. Then that wife... Women do not ask their husbands to serve them by saying, "Oh, buy me a diamond ring." They say they don't need a diamond ring and to do as their husbands wish, and they all serve their husbands... Is that wrong or right? "That's right." Was that answer correct? Is that conclusion correct? Is such love the essence of the universe, the tradition, and the source of direction? "Yes." You might say, "Well, that's something everyone knows; it's not anything special... Everyone knows this." Did you understand? "I didn't know." You said it was just so-so, but you definitely didn't know.

Then why is love a problem? Why is love a problem? This is what has become a problem. What is true love? Where does true love come from? We have not been able to clarify the root of this issue.

So let's see if that's true or not. Let's search for true love. If parents give birth for their children, live for their children, and die for their children, then that parent's love is true love. That is an important conclusion. Our children want that kind of parental love. That is true love. That is the true love of parents.

I was born as a child of parents, but I would be a hundred percent happy if I had such parents. Based on that standard, try to feel your parents. You will immediately know whether they are truly ideal parents, whether they are my true parents, false parents, or how much of the parents I want. You may not have felt it, but after hearing this, do you know whether your mother and father are true parents, true love parents, or not? "I know." There is no need for education in that. Everyone knows. There is no need for education.

Now, all conclusions are coming together. After that, did you understand what a true husband and a true wife are? Is there any need to talk more? Did you know it without having to talk about it? "I understood."

Then who is a true patriot? It is someone who is born for the country, lives for the country, and dies for the country. There may be many true patriots, but are there many true sages or few? What kind of person is a true sage? Now we can understand this. What kind of person is it? A sage is someone who transcends the nation and thinks of the world as one nation, and the people of the world as one people. Such a person sees things from a broad and high perspective. A sage thinks of black people and white people, people from their own country and people from enemy countries as the same.

From this perspective, when we look at Jesus Christ, we see that he loved not only his own people of Israel but also considered even his enemies as his people. He tried to love and serve even his enemies. From this perspective, he transcended his nation and sought to love the people of the world, and furthermore, he was born to live for them, to die for them. This thought of Jesus makes him a sage who can be hoped for by humanity and remembered in history. This conclusion is valid. Is that correct? Is it wrong or right? "That's right."

Today, the people of the world, especially the young people, do not know what love is. They do not know where true people are. Only by possessing true love can the direction of human history align with this human love, and the direction of God's providence can align. We have not thought that there is a path of true love.

So, is love two or one? Is the principle of love one or two? "One." It is one. Can there be two principles of love? "No." It is one. It must be absolutely one. Why must it be so? Do you want to live in the world of love, to live only with those you love? "In the world of love." Answer clearly. "In the world of love." No, we want both. (Applause) Therefore, the principles must not differ. If there were two principles, everything would go wrong. Therefore, everything can connect. Everything connects. What is the essence of the core tradition of true love? It is simple. A person who lives for others! Did you understand? "Yes."

What kind of love do you want to leave in the universe? Is it a love that demands to be served, or a love that serves? "A love that serves." Therefore, a person who thinks of themselves cannot walk this path of love. Only a person who thinks of others can walk this path of love. Is that correct? "Yes." Are Americans altruists or individualists? "Individualists." Should they go to hell or heaven? "They should go to hell." They are the disposable items of history, the things to be discarded? "They are disposable items." (Laughter) Therefore, even if left alone, they would all be discarded, but since they cannot be discarded, they must be guided, guided, guided! (Laughter. Applause) That is what is needed.

Now, then, are hippies doing well when they hold onto women and dance with various people? Is that good or bad? "It's bad." Nowadays, there are terms like free sex; can such things exist? What do you think? Is that good or bad? "It's bad." All of that... (expressing with actions. Applause) While you are applauding, it is appreciated, but if I say, "Now that I have heard the teacher say to break it up..." and then as soon as you go out, you break up couples, that would be a problem. (Laughter) Then what do you hit them with? You teach them with words. "Ah, I see. Everything is wrong, and there is no other way." If it comes to that, then everything... Therefore, we must guide with truth.

Now, you have understood. Then what will remain in history? Even if everything is included, men and women must remain. And if love is what binds men and women into one, then what kind of love is that? A love that serves. This must be left forever. Do you understand? "Yes."

Then what kind of person is a true person? What kind of man is a true man, and what kind of woman is a true woman? Even if everything changes... A true man is someone who can live with a love that serves, and a true woman is someone who can live with a love that wishes to serve. If you understand this... Patriots are determined by this, and sages are determined by this... Then what kind of being is God? You can also conclude whether He aligns with this official trajectory or not.

Then what does God like, what does He seek, what does He want to leave in the historical age, what does He want to establish in life, and what does He want to establish as the standard for society and nations? When we look at these questions, we can completely conclude that God wants to establish everything on the foundation centered on this love.

Should this democratic world remain forever? Should it remain in the historical age, or should it flow away? Should communism remain in the historical age, or should it flow away? "It should flow away." Now you all understand. The true view of life, the true view of the world, the true view of the universe, and the true view of God can all be resolved with this one word. Is that so or not? "That's right." Think about it, is that so or not?

Now, if we understand this, do we know it or not? Is it difficult or easy? It is extremely easy to know, but extremely difficult to practice. Knowing is something everyone knows. If we had not originally fallen, this would be the easiest thing.

Therefore, one conclusion is that we must create people who serve, we must create people who serve. Where does the ideal begin? It begins here. If you do not pass through this standard, there is no ideal. Whether it is God's ideal or humanity's ideal, everything in the universe plays out from this standard, and we can now draw this as a final conclusion.

Now, is that true or not? If God wishes to remain in history, let us think about whether God is like that or not. The God who has been guiding providence on this earth and loves humanity, what should He proclaim to connect the providential history with the history of the human world? It is this: "A true man must be sent. A true man must be established. After that, a true woman must be established." This is it. When true men and women come out, what will happen? The bride and groom must become one. This conclusion cannot be avoided.

All religions, including Christianity, say, "Ah, the Messiah is coming!" But what kind of person is that Messiah? It is this kind of man. What will this kind of man do? He will seek a bride. What will he do after finding a bride? He will establish a couple centered on true love. There is no purpose other than that. That alone is the solution to everything.

Is that what God wants to leave behind? "Yes." And when they become parents, parents must follow that principle, and when they become a people, the people must follow that principle, and even if they become any kind of king, they must follow that principle... The principles of God's earthly governance unfold here, and everything converges here, becoming one origin.

Now, the United States, which leads the democratic world, when other countries say, "Oh, America is good. America, save us. Lead us," if America had become a country that serves others, today America would not be isolated at all. If it had become a serving America, a serving America for the democratic world, it would not have been isolated. Even if they tried to separate, it would not have worked.

What is the situation now? America has been doing whatever it wants with all the weak countries, moving for itself, which is why they are all breaking away. Would the people of the world sympathize with such an America? "Oh, America, you are doing well." That is what they say. And thus, it has become lonely even in the UN.

The communists say, "We are here for you, we are here for you," but even though they claim to be for the working class and farmers, once you go in, you find, "Oh dear..." That is why they want to come out, but if they come out, their heads will be chopped off, so they have no choice but to stay. Deep down, they are saying, "Hurry up and collapse, hurry up and collapse." No one likes it, all of them. Even the people living in the Soviet Union want to come out. And the Jewish people, who have lived in the land of the Jews for thousands of years, also want to leave there, right? They all do not want it.

What does the Unification Church advocate? It is to walk the path that will remain in the history of providence, not just in human history, but for individuals, families, nations, the world, and humanity to walk together. The Unification Church is advocating for this path. Even if there are no diamonds or gold in the world, this must be left behind. Even if there is no sovereignty in the world and no large land or country, this must be left behind.

If there is a world entangled in such love even in the desert, I will go to that world. That is what I believe. What about you? "We feel the same." Even if I have to abandon the cultural world of America and the highways, even if I have to live in a cave rather than a tent and walk through thorny paths, I will go to that place. What about you? "We feel the same." How nice is it to drive on the highways in America? How nice is it to sleep in a bed? Why should we go there when we can live here? Americans say, "Isn't what Reverend Moon taught wrong? Don't go, don't go." But why do you keep saying you want to go? They tell you to stop. Americans say it is all wrong, and Reverend Moon is the only one who is right, and yet you follow him? "Yes." You are going in circles, right? (Laughter) Is it okay to go in circles? "Yes."

No matter how much the world opposes, no matter how much they label me as someone to be killed, even if Reverend Moon dies, even if Reverend Moon is expelled from this country, the ideology that Reverend Moon has taught will move this country in the future. It will dominate this country. Is there any objection to that? "No."

If there is someone who is here for the first time and they say they have an objection, that person is a traitor. That person is an enemy, an enemy of humanity. They are an enemy of history. They are an enemy of love. Is that right or not? "Yes." If someone says, "Well, I don't like it because I follow Reverend Moon of the Unification Church," then, hey, you little brat...

It is possible to educate the 220 million citizens of America within a week. Just keep spreading these words. Ah, is there anyone who would say Reverend Moon is bad? "You little brat, why is Reverend Moon bad?" There are plenty of people who would fight for me. What do you think will happen if these words circulate for a week? Will they say Reverend Moon is good or bad? "Good."

Now, everyone, is it good or bad to work hard here? Is it good to sell flowers, sell peanuts, and get scolded? Should we do that or not? "We should do it." Who are you doing it for? Did you do it for the Unification Church? Did you do it for Reverend Moon? Who are you doing it for? For God! For humanity!

Even if we die, even if Reverend Moon dies and the Unification Church disappears, this can remain. We can discover this amazing fact. Therefore, even if I am despised and act like a beggar, if I do it for the country, I become the most loyal of the loyal and can become a great contributor to the heavenly kingdom. Because I know that such a path exists here, I conclude that I cannot avoid doing this.

If the people of the world oppose this without knowing it, those people are bad people. Those people will certainly be governed and will submit to us in the future. So, do you really want to die? "Yes." I was born to this game...
To live for others, to do business for others, and to be born to be scolded for others, do you think that’s the case, everyone? "Yes." So, would you die for that? Would you get beaten to death doing that? "Yes." That’s something you cannot remove. No matter how many atomic bombs there are, no matter how many threats and murders there are, unless you remove this ideology, this meaning will be fulfilled. This is the strongest ideology. This is the most frightening ideology. The world of Satan fears this the most.

Every act based on the principle of love will remain with history. So, will this work lead to success or failure? It must succeed. Will it fail or succeed? "It will succeed." How? Because God is such a Lord, because God is such a being, because God is on our side, because God resembles Himself, because God likes it and cooperates, it must succeed.

Jesus went out to preach with fishermen by the Sea of Galilee for three years and then died on the cross, and that was a pitiful death. He didn’t accomplish as much as a teacher. What did He do? Even His disciples all packed their bags and ran away. But this has remained as an ideology that can move the world. Why did it remain? Because God liked it and supported it. It was a failure. By the standards of that time, He was a failure. He didn’t accomplish as much as a teacher. So, did Jesus succeed or fail? "He succeeded." He died, didn’t He? The ideology won; God’s will won.

Therefore, all acts based on such principles, based on such principles of love, will remain with history. If you were beaten, what remains is the beating. If you were scolded, what remains is the scolding, and if you felt wronged and resentful, that feeling remains, and it becomes a great material to educate future generations.

Depending on how much my eyes have seen for that purpose, those eyes will remain, and depending on how much my ears have heard, those ears will remain, and depending on how much I have spoken for that purpose, those words will remain, and then that face will remain. If my hands and feet have done so, then that body will remain. That person will remain.

If you resemble Jesus, how proud would you be to say, "I resemble Jesus’ eyes, I resemble Jesus’ ears, I resemble Jesus’ mouth, oh, even my hands resemble Him, my body resembles Him"? Just resembling Him becomes the standard for everything. Isn’t that right? "Yes."

Think about it. Imagine that you resemble Jesus. "Oh, I resemble the eyes that shed tears while praying when He died on the cross." That feels bad, doesn’t it? "Oh, I resemble the ears that heard mockery." That feels bad too. "Oh, I resemble the hands that bled while nailed to the cross. Oh, I resemble the body that was pierced by the spear." How unpleasant is that? Is that good? That He bled from being pierced by a spear, how horrific that is; just thinking about it is terrible. Is it good to resemble that? Is it good? "Yes." Why is it good? Because He died for me, for us, for humanity, because He died for God, and because I recognize that as the model I must follow.

So, do you want to resemble the teacher? "Yes." Do you want to resemble God? "Yes." You don’t want to resemble me; you want to resemble God, right? "…" Even if you want to resemble God, since you cannot see God, you want to resemble me because it seems like I am doing good things centered on God. That means…

Then, do you want to resemble quickly, or do you want to take several decades to resemble? "I want to resemble quickly." What’s good about resembling Reverend Moon? He is trying to attack the world of Satan and sweep everything away. Is that good? "Yes." With a gun? "No." With truth? "Yes." You can conquer everything. "There is no power greater than us. There is nothing that surpasses us." This is the confidence you should have. With this, you can subdue anything strong, but if you cannot utilize this, that person will not remain in history.

Only those who dominate love can become children of God.

Now, if I hold atomic bombs in both hands, will the American people be afraid? Will the established church or the communists be afraid? "No." What do I have? "Love." Now you understand.

So, will you be a person dominated by love, or will you be a person who can dominate love? You must become a person who can dominate love. You must not be a person dominated by love; you must be a person who can dominate love. Otherwise, you cannot become a child of God.

What that means is, by love, you must create such people… A person who dominates love is someone who can govern everything, from individuals to families, nations, and the world. Only then can you become a child of God.

The love shown to me by my parents, or the love shown by my wife, ultimately becomes a figure that dominates love in expanding it through the family, nation, and world. You must understand this.

So, do you like the teacher? "Yes." That makes me feel good. I like white people, yellow people, and black people saying "yes"… Sometimes I think, "How did I become like this?" "How did I become like this?" It’s nothing different. You must understand this principle.

So, everyone, studying difficult sciences and memorizing chemical formulas is much harder than learning this. Which is easier? This is knowing in one word. Is this easy? Which is easy? "This is easy." This is the easiest thing. It is the best, the most valuable, and eternal. It is the most eternal. This will be the only thing that remains in the universe. I believe that. This will be the only thing that remains.

When I see that in this desert-like world, we are the only ones who have become this group… God would want to look at us more than looking at the world until His eyes pop out. God will look at us until His eyes pop out. (Laughter) "So, what will Reverend Moon do? Will the Unification Church stop after winning at Madison Square Garden, or will He do it again? Will He say, 'Do it again at Yankee Stadium. Do it again in Washington'?" Will He say that or not?

What will come next? There’s nothing to do. If we do this, we have done everything. What will come next? We will conduct joint operations with the spirit world. So, we can mobilize all the planes in the world and hold a conference in the air against the ground. I even think that’s possible. (Applause) But don’t promote it by saying, "Our teacher will do this." I just said it. We’ll have to wait and see if it will happen. I just said it. (Laughter)

Now you understand. You have clearly understood what will remain. Therefore, if you do this for your parents, your siblings, your countrymen, and the people of the world, the kingdom of heaven on earth will automatically come to be. That world will remain forever. Is that right? "Yes." (Applause) It will remain forever.

We humans live on that. When I think that with my dirty hands, a person like me is leaving, carrying, planting, and harvesting what will remain forever, how wonderful is that? Knowing that I will build the school of heaven with my hands, the temple of heaven with my hands, and all the cultural facilities of heaven with my hands, I must go until the end. (Applause)

If there are people who are here for the first time today, I consider them my friends, and I believe there is no one who will not agree with my words. Let’s all unite and advance toward Yankee Stadium, toward the construction of America, and the construction of heaven! Is it a yes or a no? "Yes." Those who will do it, let’s raise our hands. "Yes!" Thank you very much. (Applause) 

God's Sorrow and Human Ignorance

I’m sorry that my throat is hoarse. I wonder if you thought about what day it is since you suddenly gathered like this today.

Living a life that attracts others' attention is not comfortable.

You might wonder why the teacher has been in prison so many times… Today is the 14th, but there are actually other days like this. There have been many days I went in and out. When I was 24, I was in prison during the era of Japanese imperialism, and then I went to North Korea and was in prison in 1947; there have been many days like this. Besides that, there have been many times I went in and out for about half a month. Today is the second day I went in and out. You believe in the Unification Church as a new religion or as the path we should take, but you cannot imagine how much the teacher has suffered to reach this point, nor how much heaven has suffered.

When I think back on the past, it feels like a dream. Japan tried to break my path, the communist world tried to break it, and the Republic of Korea and the established church tried to break it, but the Unification Church… If I were an ordinary person, I would have failed, and if I were an ordinary organization, I would have disappeared, but what remains is not because Reverend Moon is great, but because heaven has guided it, and you must first understand that.

October 14, 1975 (Tuesday), Belvedere Training Center.

And I have always been a person of interest, attracting attention wherever I go. The police followed me, investigated me, and I have come this far as a person of interest. During the Japanese occupation, when I went from Tokyo to Korea, detectives would already be waiting at the station before my parents arrived. The same goes for North Korea. In North Korea, they all followed me, and I have experienced the interrogation by the Soviet special forces.

Then in South Korea… and here in America, it’s the same. I know that the FBI and CIA are investigating what Reverend Moon is doing. So, until I was over 50, I have been the subject of attention, living a life that attracts others' attention. This is not comfortable. I haven’t incited anyone to steal, I haven’t robbed a bank, I haven’t killed anyone, and I haven’t harmed anyone. It’s just that thinking differently from others has caused trouble.

An operation to connect completely with heaven.

Wherever I go, there have always been people following me. When I was in my teens, before I turned 20, I was famous for telling interesting stories to Sunday school students. Talking has been a problem until now. When I went to the neighborhood, if I told the neighborhood kids just once, they would come every day and stay up all night. When that happened, their parents would come looking for their children… That’s when the problems began.

So, knowing that, I decided not to speak and became a person who doesn’t speak while preparing for this new path. When I was young, I would dress shabbily and always keep my head down. Why? Because there were many temptations. There were many temptations from women. Because I knew about the theory of the fall, I knew that violating those issues would lead to serious trouble, so I dressed in a way that wouldn’t attract anyone’s attention.

You learned from the theory of the fall that when you receive God’s love, you appear truly beautiful. That’s true. The teacher isn’t that handsome. Do I look handsome? I’m not that handsome. (Laughter) I have struggled quite a bit with that issue. While doing that… there are many anecdotes. Men should be careful of women. Women are really strange. A woman would sneak into a man’s room at night, and I have experienced all sorts of situations. They come in quietly while you’re sleeping. Some people would come to my room every day to give me small gifts and money, trying all sorts of temptations. Eventually, it would lead to them writing blood letters. I know these issues quite well, so there was a time when I lived like a beggar, dressing shabbily.

Now, looking at that… The world talks about Reverend Moon… Recently, in ‘People’ magazine, they said that the teacher divorced and took four wives, and they make all sorts of claims, but I didn’t divorce because I wanted to. Women tried to prevent everyone from going this way… They think their husbands are the only ones, but when they go to the Unification Church and dedicate themselves day and night… That’s how it is. The wives don’t like that. I know that well.

Our Unification Church members have all said not to divorce, but they were dragged along… Their mothers and brothers conspired to take the church’s property. When they bought a church, they would take it away, and that kind of thing happened. So, inevitably… they wanted it, and they threatened, so they divorced. That became a problem, and this and that happened…

This is like the land of Belvedere. When you create a church like Belvedere, everyone comes and does those things. But even so, you can’t hold on and fight, so until now… In the end, they wanted it, so they divorced. That’s why now, relatives are all cursing, saying that they failed by not following such a wonderful husband. Relatives are all scolding. That’s how it turned out.

I shouldn’t have talked about this, but I’m telling you this because you need to know such historical facts. I have gone through such a process. That’s why when it comes to ‘women,’ it’s very scary. I think women are frightening. When it comes to women…

My mother is not that kind of woman, but I married her because I thought I should raise her. I thought I should raise her from one to ten with my own hands, so I chose a younger wife. Of course, there are principled reasons, but I chose a younger wife… I gave up all the wonderful women who graduated from university and have PhDs… At that time, my mother was 18 years old. I chose to take that young girl and raise her. That’s how I got married again. That person is now my mother. Although she looks all Eastern and beautiful, she has gone through a lot of sorrowful hardships behind the scenes that no one knows about, and I think that’s how it has come to this point. (Laughter. Applause) Until now, it has been good, but I don’t know about the future. I hope it will be good in the future as well…

When I think about it, I believe heaven orchestrated it that way. Heaven orchestrated it that way… During the Japanese occupation, I was opposed by Japan, then I was opposed in North Korea, and then I was opposed in South Korea… After that, something strange happened with close relatives…
The spheres are all taken from the spiritual world. They all die, that's what it means. That's quite strange. And all the younger sisters I loved were also taken from the spiritual world. Isn't that strange? My beloved dog or horse that I raise at home, they all die. When I see that... If I think about why such things happen, it's because everything external has been cut off.

If Seong-jin's mother were here now... Seong-jin's mother is a thrifty woman, but what is it that she hated and opposed so much? It's not something she did with her own mind. It's because Satan has possessed her. God has possessed her. It's the same now. They say there is no man like Seong-jin's father in the world. I acknowledge that. Yet in the end... that's not her own mind. That's why she is not getting married and living like that.

Now, when you see such things, it means that everything you are attached to is being settled. And then, being driven to a difficult crossroads... At difficult times, when you say, "Ah! It's hard," that's where it starts to unravel. Heaven cooperates, and there are indeed many strange occurrences. There were many times when unexpected people came out to help.

When you see that, it’s all part of a strategy to completely connect to heaven. That's why among women, even though Socrates' mother-in-law was said to be a bad wife, it feels like it could be even worse than that.

On the other hand, it can be like that. Women all come together and listen to the words, and they don't want to go home; wherever they go, they all want to follow. Young women and old women alike are all following, so it can't be helped. Because there are so many troubles, they just chase them away and lock the door, but they climb over the wall and come into the church. This kind of play is bound to become known. So they climb over the wall and secretly hide in the church to pray, doing all these kinds of things... So how can I deal with that? There are many anecdotes about that.

What the world opposes is because they are jealous that I love more than they do. Here in America, the young ladies are said to be very lively, but when you look closely, they are quite reserved. They don't behave that way towards the teacher. Well, I don't have much time to deal with them, so there wouldn't be a chance for that. (Laughter) That's why, for no reason, the husbands of young ladies really hated me.

Now, the era of mothers like that has ended. Now, because of their sons and daughters, all the parents hate me. If a little more time passes, the young sons and daughters will oppose again. Why? Because their mother and father are going crazy going to the Unification Church, so they think they will oppose. Now, there are two things left.

Well, this and that... The grandmothers say they took their children away when they were fifty. And people in their fifties say they took their children away when they were thirty. It's all been like this until now.

God's sorrow and human ignorance

Therefore, in the end, it means that people in this world will oppose me equally. This is how it looks. According to the principle of indemnity and restoration, I already know that the people of the world will all hate me. There is something unknown... what can I say? It's just one thing: loving humanity. It's just for anyone... There is nothing else. Why is that bad? Unification Church members know, but the world doesn't know, so they oppose it. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

They are jealous because I love more than they do. They forcibly take me and say, "What of it?" Of course, among a thousand people, there are some who have died from illness, and some who have fallen ill. But they take one or two of those people and blame Reverend Moon for making a thousand or ten thousand people like that. They say I made them all like that. They say I killed the dead and made the sick sick. Is that true? You are all getting sick and everything. Did I say for you to get sick? "No."

If there are several hundred members in established churches, there are all kinds of people there. There are robbers and thieves, and it's all like that. But do they say it's because the pastor taught them that? Then you should know. Compare the established church with you. Who is better? Think about who the better people are. You know better than anyone else. "Unification Church members are better." No matter how much you try to deny it, in any aspect, it can't even be compared to the established church. That's for sure. Is that right? "Yes."

That's the same for our Unification Church all over the world. No one can make excuses for that. Yet they make a fuss, just out of hatred. Look. It's inevitable that they hate it... Look at the young people in America now. Aren't they all young kids? When you go to American churches, they all look like nursing homes, just waiting for the day to die, like stacks of coffins waiting in storage. But suddenly, Reverend Moon comes from the East and addresses the youth problems that America is struggling with... Even senators and congressmen, and ministers below the American president can't manage their own children... Look at this. These young people don't listen to anyone.

But suddenly, a man from the East, Reverend Moon, comes and takes away all the young people who used to attend their church, the sons of elders, the sons of deacons, and the sons of famous people. Isn't it natural for them to feel resentment? They are bound to feel resentment. That's why they hate me. Reverend Moon, who came from the East, mobilized all the young men and women in America, and they don't know what he will do in the future... They can oppose it. I understand.

How big is the established church organization? That's why they hate me. They think that if this continues, the established church will completely disappear, and only the Unification Church will remain. But when they look at it quietly, it feels like a cult, so they mobilize the remnants and contact the nation and the world to spread slander about Reverend Moon. That's what those people do. Yet while they gather together to oppose, they also say things like, "The young people of the Unification Church are good. I wonder how Reverend Moon has made them so smart and diligent." They oppose while saying that. However, they feel envious, but they think they can't let this go on. In the end, they oppose out of hatred and jealousy.

The path of religion

Do you know how terrifying religion is? If you look at what is happening now between Catholics and Protestants fighting in Ireland, there is nothing as terrifying as religion. But I remain quiet; if the Unification Church members were to go out and fight together, what would happen? Look. There would be some big problem in the world. The Unification Church members would fight to the death.

If I told the elderly in the Unification Church to fight, I think even the women would fight against men and not lose. I think like this. How terrifying would that be? I say, "Don't do it. Stay quiet. Religion is not about fighting. It develops when it is opposed, not when it fights." Because I teach these things...

Look. If I were a communist or a Satan-like person, the ones who reported from NBC would have already disappeared. They would have all disappeared. With orders, they could easily make such actions disappear. But because I want to go before God and serve Him, it's fortunate; if I were such a villain, many people would have died.

Now, Reverend Moon seems strong. They say I have a strong punch, so when I hit, it rolls. But still... People like us actually have quite an impatient nature. I have the most fiery temperament, but to play the opposite game, how absurd is that? Think about that.

That is the path of religion. That's why religious people are great, and religion is great. Do you understand? "Yes." After I came out of prison, the leaders in Korea held an urgent meeting and said, "Teacher, we can't stand this. If you just give the order, we will take care of it right away... We should file a lawsuit immediately, claim damages, and sweep them all away at once." They pleaded so much.

It's the same this time. During the rally at Gwanghwamun Square, whether the established church said something or not... If we file a lawsuit immediately, many of the established church pastors would be facing punishment. They sent people to me in Cheongpyeong several times saying, "Let's sue, let's sue." I told them not to do that. Is that a good thing or a bad thing? "It's a good thing." If I do that, my heart won't be at ease. After that, my heart won't be at ease. I would rather be persecuted than do such things... So, being persecuted is better. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

So, even here in America, when they say let's sue, I said, "If you really want to do it, do it among yourselves at the end. Don't ask me." So, I don't know if there are people who will sue, but the teacher's intention is not that. However, when I hear that they want to do it all locally, I think that could happen. Now, this is how it is.

Religious people must also walk such a path. It seems like they are doing it among themselves... One thing to mention here is that if they are not trying to make life difficult for those people, sacrifice them, or break them, but are doing it as a means to guide them, then I think that's okay.

In the end, look at this. When all the young people here are seen by their parents, how much will they hate it? They don't listen to their words, they wander around like hippies, and then when they come under Reverend Moon, they go out from morning to sell flowers and peanuts as they are told. How astonishing would that be? It would be astonishing for their parents.

If they were useless, they wouldn't do that. If they were going to become hippies, they wouldn't do that either. I think this is because they have improved, and that's why they want to take them. They are useful. (Applause) So, parents think, "This is the chance." I don't know if that's right or wrong, but I think that way and feel comforted. Reverend Moon thinks that way and feels comforted. I didn't make them worse; I made them better. Does that make sense? "Yes." These kinds of issues... the path our Unification Church has walked until now...

The path the teacher is walking is the same now. Who knows if I will go to prison again in America? I am not afraid of that. I have already trained well. Because I trained well, wherever I go, it's not a problem. I don't even consider it a problem. Wherever I go, my heart is at ease.

Even if such things happen, I feel closer to God than the 220 million American citizens... Then that's enough. If God acknowledges it, that's enough... Is that sufficient? "Yes."

So, while traveling around Europe for a few days... Today, October 14th, marks exactly 25 years. I think we need to instill the right ideology in our young people in America. Remembering these historical days, knowing the history of the Unification Church that has been forged through suffering, you must not become those who tarnish that historical tradition, which is why I asked everyone to gather by five o'clock as soon as I arrived today.

However, the flight was delayed by an hour. Then when I came, I had to find my luggage, and being pushed here and there, I came out last... By the time I got home, it was almost five o'clock. I apologize for arriving seven minutes late. Even though I am this busy, I wanted to meet you as soon as I arrived... While commemorating today, reminiscing about the past, I am grateful for this meeting. Think about it. Everyone in New York already knows Reverend Moon, but could I rush and go first to do this? The teacher has just become like this. I came out last...

The extension of providential history is due to human ignorance

Time has passed, and now I want to ask one thing of you... I will briefly talk about the content of "God's Sorrow and Human Ignorance" and then stop. God's sorrow, pain, toil, and human ignorance...

Everyone, if you look at the history of the Bible, there has never been a time when God made a mistake or was ignorant, causing the providence to be extended. In the end, it was because humans were ignorant that the providence was extended. Cain was like that, Noah was like that, Abraham was like that, Jacob was like that, Moses was like that, and John the Baptist was like that; they all were like that.

You learn this well from the Principle. Humans are in a position of facing two masters. Because Satan has already become the first master, it is extremely difficult to abandon this master. You all have been centered around your parents, relatives, family, and country, which is the world of Satan, and to give all that up to come here... It leads to a situation where one sacrifices the whole for the sake of going to a better place. 

Does that seem easy? "It's difficult."

That's why intelligent and normal people in the world of Satan do not enter the realm of religious life. This is an obvious conclusion. That is a historical fact. Then, who are the people who walk the path of religion? They are the ones who have despaired of this world and have no hope in it. Whether they have been struck by people, expelled by parents, or exiled from their country, they are in a state of despair where they cannot have hope in the world and seek a new path. Only such people can walk the path of religion. This is an obvious conclusion. Is that right or wrong? "That's right."

When it's time to create a hypothetical god and a hypothetical religion to manage this world, do you think God has experienced this or not? "He must have experienced it." How does God operate? He says, "Try everything you want to do in the human world. If you want to kill someone, go ahead and try it; is it comfortable? Try committing sins; is it comfortable?" In return, heaven establishes countermeasures for that. Heaven sets up the law of indemnity for that.

As they do this, what have all the people of the historical age done? They have been greedy and fought over land. They have been fighting for land until now. Whether big or small, they have all been fighting for land. Individuals have fought over possessions. Even so, those with a conscience say, "That country is bad," and when they take away something, they say, "That guy is a bad person." People say, "If that guy's child died... if that guy's country fell..." Then heaven punishes them. Heaven punishes them and they end up failing. If the people of the world all do that... 

They take away possessions, and then it becomes a fight over people, a fight over people. In this current era, the era of ideology, it is a fight over people. So, everything about human power and human freedom is all taken away.
to be continued...
the fallen human beings must take responsibility for their restoration. 

In order to restore humanity, we must return to the original blueprint that God intended at the time of creation. This means that we need to align our lives and actions with the principles established by God. 

The process of restoration involves understanding the original purpose of creation and the ideal that God envisioned for humanity. It is essential to recognize that the fall of humanity has led to a deviation from this ideal, and thus, a conscious effort must be made to return to it. 

Through this restoration process, we can overcome the consequences of the fall and achieve the state of being that God originally intended for us. This journey requires dedication, commitment, and a willingness to learn and grow in our understanding of God's will. 

Ultimately, the goal of restoration is to fulfill the purpose of our existence and to become true children of God, living in harmony with His principles and in alignment with His divine plan for humanity.
How should we align ourselves with that blueprint? It concludes that we must be in accordance with the original law of creation. Therefore, we must carry out a history of recreation to reach this conclusion. This is the conclusion we arrive at. It is a history of recreation. Do you understand, recreation? "Yes." We must recreate.

Then who caused the fall? It was humanity. They committed sin. It is humanity that sinned, not God. Therefore, the party that committed the sin must take responsibility for that sin. This is the problem. I must take responsibility myself.

For example, if God is the father of humanity and we humans are the children of God, can a father take responsibility for the sins committed by his child? You see, this is how the world is today. A father cannot take responsibility for the sins committed by his son, nor can a son take responsibility for the sins of his father. The person who committed the sin must take responsibility. Whether we look at the Old Testament or the New Testament, the one who sins suffers the consequences. If the eye sins, it is plucked out; if the mouth sins, it is cut off; if the hand sins, it is severed. There has never been a case where the father was punished in place of the son. The history of the Bible does not work that way. If God were to take responsibility, it would have already been done. He would have already saved everyone.

Satan knows very well the principle that "because humanity has fallen, humanity must restore itself." If God were to intervene, Satan would immediately accuse. Isn't that the case in the world? If someone else takes responsibility for a problem that someone else should be accountable for, they are all accused. The laws of the world work that way.

For example, if a teacher writes answers for a student during an exam, if such a person exists, that teacher cannot escape responsibility even if they are accused by a student. They are all caught in it. Do you understand? "Yes."

Today, believers lack the firm conviction that because humanity has fallen, humanity must take responsibility and cannot leave any conditions for Satan to accuse before God. They have not found that decisive standard until now.

In the end, just as a student who fails an exam fails because they did not meet certain criteria, humanity can also be extended indefinitely if they do not pass according to certain principles. This logic leads to a valid conclusion. Do you understand? "Yes."

So, has humanity's responsibility become lighter or heavier as history has progressed? It has become heavier because humans have failed to take responsibility. We must understand this. Do you understand? "Yes."

Then, did God want to extend His providence of salvation until now, or did He want to resolve this quickly in the days of Adam's family? This becomes the issue. What do you think God wanted? Did He want to extend it? "No." God wanted to finish this in the days of Adam's family. This is God's desire. So why couldn't He finish it? It is not because God lacked the ability. It is because humanity failed to take responsibility. From Adam's family to Noah's time, God wanted to finish it then, but because Noah's family also failed to do so, history has continued to extend into a world of increasingly difficult outcomes for thousands of years.

Therefore, even the Almighty God observes this principle that humanity must take responsibility and return to the original standard. When they do not align with that, the providence of history is always extended. This is theoretically consistent.

As history has developed, humanity has expanded from individuals to families, tribes, nations, the world, the cosmos, and the spirit world. What time are we in now? We are in such an era (the cosmic era). There is one person here. (While writing on the board)

So what happens? Who takes this responsibility? Who must bear this responsibility? Humanity has caused the history of sin, so humanity must take responsibility for that history of sin. That is a natural conclusion. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

The path of restoration must be taken while bearing the responsibility of sin. 

So how does the concept of salvation stand? Salvation... (recording briefly interrupted) 

It cannot be returned just like that. (While writing) There is only one way to deny all of this and return. If you deny and return, it means you are not taking responsibility for the sins that remain. It means you refuse to take responsibility.

Now, will Satan just sit back? "Why aren't you taking responsibility?" Satan will not just sit back. Will he accuse or not? If you take this path of returning, it is good, but it cannot be done. That is why you must take responsibility and return. It is a path of taking responsibility and returning. Do you understand? If you return while taking responsibility, what will Satan say? When you take responsibility and return, even Satan will have no choice but to let you go. He cannot refuse.

Today, many believers think they can go to heaven from a position of irresponsibility. However, there are no people who say they will take responsibility and clear historical sins to go to heaven. Therefore, we must understand that to return, we must take the path of responsible restoration. Do you understand? "Yes."

Today, our Unification Church members know that salvation and restoration are through responsible restoration, but how do we take responsibility? It is not about going this way. It is not about going this way, but about taking responsibility and establishing conditions to clear all historical burdens. Even if we cannot do it all, we must set conditions and move forward. We must understand this principle. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

There are two paths of return: one is a path that must come back and clear things up after returning, and the other is a path that does not require coming back to clear things up. This path is for those who have died without taking responsibility, those who have gone to the spirit world. Do you understand what I mean? Those who have gone to the spirit world must come back and take responsibility. All the spirits of history who have not gone through this and have not taken the path of responsible restoration are destined to remain in the fate of having to return and establish conditions for restoration. (While writing)

What is advantageous for those living on earth compared to those in the spirit world? It is that this is the time when we can directly establish conditions for restoration while in the flesh. Until now, we did not realize how precious this time is. We did not understand how precious it is to have a physical body. Therefore, we humans in the flesh can declare before heaven and Satan, "I will take responsibility for the restoration conditions of all the people in the world."

While in the flesh, there is a path to restore this in one generation, but if we fail to restore this and go to the spirit world, it will be hundreds or thousands of times more difficult to come back and restore. You must understand this. Do you understand? "Yes."

So, should we take responsibility while in the flesh, or should we come back and take responsibility? "We must take responsibility while in the flesh." Everyone will answer that way.

Today, you must understand how fearful and difficult responsible restoration is. Because responsible restoration has not been accomplished, God's providence has been extended until now. If responsible restoration had been accomplished, God's providential history would have been shortened, and humanity would have already returned to a world of peace. Do you understand? "Yes."

The Messiah must come, expel Satan, and unite with God for salvation to be achieved. 

Now, the question is whether we can apply the principle of creation in this era, an era that needs restoration. Is there a principle of recreation here? Can there be a principle of recreation in this process of restoration? We are in a process of returning from the fall that occurred in the original creation of God, and the question is whether there can be a principle of recreation here. We cannot find the principle of recreation here. (Pointing to what was written) Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." The principle of creation operates within the realm that has not fallen. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Today's message is important. You all must understand this well.

So, what kind of being is God? He is the one who governs the principles. God is a principled God. However, this is a non-principled world. Who governs this non-principled world? It is governed by Satan, the master of the non-principled realm.

Therefore, to overcome the non-principled world governed by non-principled Satan, we must discover the principled God and become one with Him. Then how do we restore ourselves? You must understand that it is not about Satan submitting to humanity. Why? Because humanity has fallen. A fallen person is under Satan's dominion, so what is there to submit to? Isn't that right? 

Then to whom does Satan submit? First, he submits to God. Right? "Yes." Then to whom does he submit next? He submits to the perfected Adam and Eve. That is the principle. That is the standard. Satan submits to God and to the perfected Adam and Eve who are one with God.

So what must we do? (Pointing to what was written) The people here must find this path. That is why God sends the Messiah to this earth. It is necessary for the Messiah to come. Humanity cannot be saved without the Messiah coming. Why? Because we must subdue Satan.

Next, the Messiah must come and bring God with Him. We must become one with God. So when do we become one with God? After the Messiah comes and completely expels Satan, we must find and return to this world to finally become one with God.

Until now, God has... Jesus has been at the center of Christianity throughout history, but why hasn't God been able to easily defeat the communist enemies who oppose Christianity with His power? What is the reason? It is because Christianity has not yet united around Jesus and turned the entire world back to God. Therefore, God cannot act freely. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."

Today, believers in established churches believe in a haphazard way that "if you just believe, you will go to heaven," but there is no such nonsense. If we look at this based on the principles, it is impossible to be saved that way.

Can God send the Messiah just because we humans demand it? That is the issue. Can I demand the Messiah and expect Him to be sent? "He cannot be sent." Then how can we have the Messiah sent? You must understand that. (While writing) First, there is the individual Satan, the family of Satan, and the tribe of Satan. This is how it is. 

So what must we do? We must prepare to receive the Messiah from God's side. This is why religion is necessary.

Then what kind of being is the Messiah? He is the one who comes bearing the mission of individual perfection, family perfection, national perfection, world perfection, and cosmic perfection. He comes as a representative. Centered on God...

Now, a person like this, a person like the Messiah, can connect anywhere. They can enter the kingdom of heaven. Satan cannot accuse them. A family like this cannot be accused by Satan, a nation like this cannot be accused by Satan, a world like this cannot be accused by Satan, and a cosmos like this cannot be accused by Satan. They come representing these principles.

If we hold onto this one person, if we hold onto the Messiah, we can completely escape from all conditions of accusation in the world of Satan. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Therefore, the value of the Messiah, if we talk about value, is greater than that of all humanity and all things in both the spirit world and the physical world combined. The Messiah is a being of such value.

Why? Because Satan cannot accuse him. However, the people of this world today, both humans and spirits in the spirit world, are caught in the conditions of accusation by Satan, and all things are caught in conditions of accusation. When viewed from such a value, based on the conditions of accusation, you must understand that the Messiah is more valuable than the universe. Do you understand? "Yes."

The Messiah is the representative victory that must inherit the tradition established by Jacob and Moses and must fight and win against the world of Satan. The Messiah is the one who has appeared representing God's historical desire in the providence of salvation that God has been carrying out until now, evolving through the individual age, family age, tribal age, national age, world age, and cosmic age. He is a model. He has come as a personal model, a family model, a tribal model, a national model, and a world model. Do you understand? "Yes."

When the Messiah is sent and becomes the subject, there must be a corresponding authority, and preparing that corresponding authority is the purpose of having religions until now. That is the purpose for which God has nurtured religions.

Just as Adam was between God and Satan, the world is in a position between these two, but until now, Satan has had a significant influence. However, the religious realm has been greatly influenced by God. It is close. Do you understand what I mean? That is the religious realm. This is the realm governed by Satan.

There are now two kinds of people in the world. How are the people of the world? There are those whom Satan can strongly control and those whom God can strongly control. There are two factions in the world. When viewed this way, this is the world governed by Satan. This is the world governed by God. This is how it is. In other words, there are two types of people in the world. (While writing) Isn't that right? "That's right." Until now, religious people have been on God's side, in the realm where God can move, while the other people have been in the realm where Satan can move.

However, within this religious realm, there is a mainstream. Look here. (While writing) This is where Satan's front line... It has emerged from the front line of Satan. Therefore, in the historical age... This is the world of Satan. We must lay the foundation for personal victory from the very bottom of the world of Satan.

Jacob fought against Satan and won against the angel by the Jabbok River. Here, for the first time in human history, a victory was achieved by fighting against an angel, and thus the name Israel was found by an individual, and this was developed. Do you understand?

Then who is the being Jacob? He is a child of Adam. This is a child of Adam. This is what we refer to in our Unification Church as the Abel-type being. He is not an Adam-type being but an Abel-type being. An Abel-type being. Now, personally, we must overcome Satan. We must overcome Satan. How difficult would that be? The entire world of Satan is attacking. Thus, we move into the era of the Israelite nation...
Individuals grow to develop into tribal eras, then national eras... and they come through many trials. Eventually, in the national era, they finally meet the Messiah. For this to happen, representatives of individuals, tribes, nations, and states must emerge. Such representatives need to come forth. 

That is why Jacob must inherit the tradition of victory, followed by Moses' tradition of victory. The people of Israel speak of tradition, but they do not know what that tradition is. They must inherit the tradition established by Jacob and the tradition established by Moses. They must inherit that tradition. They must inherit the tradition of Jacob and Moses, who were accompanied by God. This is the understanding of Israel's mission, that God was with Jacob and Moses. They must inherit the tradition of their ancestors with whom God was present. Do you understand? "Yes."

Jacob was able to overcome the conditions of Satan individually, and he could overcome them at the family and tribal levels, while Moses could overcome them at the national level. Jacob was victorious and received the promise, but he spent 21 years establishing conditions for indemnity. He overcame all the conditions of Satan's accusations. Moses, centered on the nation of Israel, went to Egypt and maintained his integrity by not being defiled there, returning to God. Both of them established conditions for indemnity, and this must be understood.

Now, because Jacob won in Haran, he embraced his family. In other words, he won before the family of the satanic world. Likewise, Moses fought and won against the nation of Israel, which allowed him to have a nation. And in forming a state... By inheriting Jacob's tradition and standing in a position that does not become defiled wherever he goes, one can inherit the tradition of Jacob's family. Because Moses went before the nation and the sovereignty of Egypt and overcame it without being dominated by it, he was able to simultaneously establish indemnity for the nation of Israel and receive new blessings. You must understand this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Therefore, while establishing indemnity for individuals, Israel received its name through victory, but it must also fight for families. Only by fighting and winning can families be revitalized. It must also fight and win centered on the nation. It must fight and win against the satanic world. Only by winning can one stand in a position to possess that nation and state.

Israel is the olive grove prepared by God to be used.

Now, looking at humanity until now... (writing on the board) First, what is humanity? It is the children of Satan. Second, what is the nation of Israel? It is in the realm of Satan, but it stands in a position that has not fallen, what can I say, the children of Adam who have returned to the fallen stage. They are the children of the restored Adam. They are the children who have escaped from Satan. So, this side represents the descendants of the fallen Adam, while this side represents the descendants of the unfallen Adam. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, this is the children of Adam. The nation of Israel is still the immature children of Adam, the descendants of Adam.

So, God has raised this to the level of nations and states, and in the national era, He will send the Messiah... Thirdly, what is the era of the Messiah? It is the completed Adam... (recording momentarily interrupted)

The victor, victorious Israel. This is as a nation... (writing on the board) What is this? It is centered around the Messiah... This refers to the descendants of the completed Adam. This is the incomplete Adam. This is the son of the incomplete Adam. The second chosen people are the sons of the incomplete Adam, who will welcome the Messiah and be grafted in. By performing the grafting work, they will become the completed Adam, the completed Adam. Do you understand? "Yes." This must be clearly understood. If you do not understand this, it is not acceptable.

The nation of Israel, inheriting the mainstream thought, stands as the incomplete Adam, the descendants of Adam, encompassing the world... The peripheral religions are the religion of Cain. The peripheral religions are the religious Cain. If the mainstream is Abel, then this is Cain. Cain and Abel must become one. Therefore, when the Messiah comes, all religions must unite. They cannot remain divided.

Now, what is the nation of Israel? To put it simply, it is like a field of olive trees that God can manage as He wishes. It is a field of olive trees that God can manage freely.

Then what is the satanic world? It is a field of olive trees governed by Satan. That is different. On this side, it is a field of olive trees governed by God, while on this side, it is a field of olive trees governed by Satan. No matter how much God is God, can He freely prune this olive tree? For that, He must receive Satan's consent. However, there is no principle that God receives consent from Satan. Do you understand? Therefore, we must create a field that God can manage freely. We must create a field of olive trees.

Then when these people die, where do they go? Can they go to heaven? Therefore, the logic that they stay in the intermediate spirit world, such as paradise or the new intermediate spirit world, is established. That place is paradise. (laughter) That is why there are no people who have gone to heaven. This means that one can only go to heaven by becoming the true olive tree. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

God has created this field personally, at the family level, at the tribal level, at the national level, and at the state level. That is the nation of Israel, the nation of Israel.

The nation of Israel must be grafted into Jesus, the true olive tree.

So, what do we do? What will we do next? Here, we send a true olive tree, the true olive tree. We are sending the Messiah. We must send a true olive tree and graft it. We must create personal olive trees, family olive trees, tribal olive trees, national olive trees, and state olive trees. Do you understand? "Yes."

If the Messiah and the individual become one, if families become one, if tribes become one, and if all nations become one, then the Messiah will unify them all within seven years. We can establish a field of olive trees here. Do you understand? "Yes."

Then how do we graft and create the olive tree? We attach the thought of Jesus, we attach the thought of Jesus. We cut this off and attach everything. Therefore, "I am absolutely on God's side. Even if I die, I am on God's side, and this world is God's one nation, even if I die." This concept, this thought of Jesus must be completely inherited.

Now, did Jesus graft? Did He not graft? "He did not graft." If there had been a basis for grafting, Jesus would not have died. If we see Him die, did He graft or not? "He did not graft." Therefore, Jesus could not fulfill His responsibility. Because He could not fulfill His responsibility, the nation of Israel was invaded by Satan and became a nation governed by Satan. Do you understand? "Yes."

Thus, Christianity continues the providence of spiritual salvation. This spiritual foundation and physical foundation must become one. However, the nation of Israel is a nation that has been invaded physically, so in the development of spiritual Christianity, it is trampled by any nation in the world. Wherever it goes... Because the nation of Israel has sinned, Christianity has been scattered globally and persecuted, so they must be scattered even more and suffer external persecution. They must be killed. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

So, after suffering and establishing a global foundation... You see, during World War II, when six million members of the nation of Israel were killed by Hitler, it was because the nation of Israel had not yet fulfilled the amount of indemnity that needed to be paid externally and globally. This was all part of God's strategy to transition into the era of providence. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." I cannot go on forever discussing this, so for now... you must understand at least this much.

Then how does the Messiah come? For the Messiah to come, it must connect through the standards of individuals, families, tribes, nations, and states. However, because it could not connect, it must come back and connect this. It is from this conclusion that the term "Second Coming" arises. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." At this time, the global Christianity... Spiritual Christianity must be made into global Christianity. That is why the spiritual Second Israel... The first Israel, centered on spirit and body, has fallen, and the spiritual Second Israel is the civilization of Christianity.

The returning Messiah must come in the flesh and establish a unified world.

So, can this spiritual foundation be established spiritually? This is a spiritual field of olive trees. It is a spiritual olive tree that God can manage and oversee.

That is why Christianity has no nation. The first Israel had a nation, but the second Israel has no nation. It is just wandering around aimlessly. Is America the land of the second Israel? "No." Spiritually, yes, spiritually. That is why when the Lord comes on the clouds, the logic of whether it can happen or not is determined here.

Now, can He come spiritually? "No." He must come in the flesh, as a person. He must come in the flesh, be planted as the true olive tree, and graft the entire world to establish the Third Israel... Therefore, we must establish the nation of the Third Israel, a unified world that God desires. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Then, this is spiritual, but who will bring the flesh? The Lord who is coming will inherit the flesh that the nation of Israel has lost and will appear here. He will appear and establish the basis of physical victory to found the Third Israel. According to the principle of creation, the original creation ideal is that Adam and Eve should use both spirit and body to complete and go to heaven, not just go with a spiritual standard. It cannot be done like that. 

And we must not leave any conditions for Satan to accuse. Satan must not exist. One must be a person who can subjugate even Satan. Then, is it in principle that Jesus Christ was invaded by Satan and that his body suffered death? "No." It is not. This is not desired.

From this perspective, when we view Jesus from this principled perspective, Jesus should not have died, and the old Jesus should not come again at the time of the Second Coming. The body that was invaded cannot come. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Then, under what circumstances will the Lord come? He will come spiritually, fulfilling the internal standard of a completed Adam through Jacob, Moses, and the era of Jesus, and also externally fulfilling the standards of Jacob, Moses, and Jesus, completely removing all conditions for Satan's accusations. That is the returning Messiah. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Therefore, who is the returning Messiah? He is the one who comes centered on spirit and body, a greater completion than Jacob, a greater completion than Moses, and a greater completion than Jesus. This is the returning Messiah. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

If Jesus had married, a world would have been established.

Jesus lived for 33 years... He is the resurrected body of Adam. He is the resurrected body greater than Adam, the historical resurrected body, the resurrected body of the Old Testament, the starting body of the New Testament, and also the starting body of the future, the age of the covenant. All of it...

Now, how old was Jesus? They say He was thirty-three, but He was not just thirty-three. If we count the time before that as 4,000 years, it is 4,000 plus thirty-three. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Jesus came out after going through 4,000 years of restoration.

And it cannot be just a man. Since Adam and Eve fell together, they must start together. That is why the bride and groom must be welcomed, the bride and groom. Right? "Yes."

Then when Eve was created... According to the principle of creation, who was created first? Adam was created first. Then how was Eve created? She was made in the likeness of Adam.

Then who must create that? When the fall happened, Adam could not take responsibility for Eve's fall, so Adam must find and recreate her. So what is the 2,000-year history of Christianity? It is the basis for the creation of the bride, it is hope. Do you understand? "Yes." That is why Christians say, "Let us go find the Lord, who is the groom. Let us become the bride and welcome the groom." Isn't that right? "Yes."

When we look at this, when we see this logic, we cannot deny that God was present in the providential history era. God was present. We cannot deny that God has acted in this way.

If Jesus had married among the nation of Israel at that time, a family that God could govern would have emerged, and a clan that God could govern, that is, the Third Israel, would have been formed. If Jesus had married the daughter of the high priest, would He have died or not? "He would not have died." If He had married, would Jesus have had a bride or not?

Today, Christians say, "Jesus is a saint, so He does not marry." Stop that nonsense. If there had been a woman like Him, would He have wanted to marry or not? Would He have wanted to marry if there was a woman better than Him? "He would have wanted to marry." Men, answer me. Would you have wanted to marry or not? "I would have wanted to marry." Even God cannot help it. If God were a man and there was a woman better than Him, would He want to marry? It is the same. (laughter) You must understand that.

These Christians, these fools, think that if they just believe blindly, they will go to heaven... There is no such nonsense. This is without any basis, just like a thief, trying to swallow everything whole... Is God someone who believes in untrustworthy people? "No." Not at all. The truth must be logical. The cause and effect must match. Isn't that right? "Yes."

If Jesus had married, would He have had sons and daughters? "He would have." If Jesus had sons and daughters, would there be the Roman Catholic Church or the Pope today? "No." Would there be all these hundreds of silly denominations like Presbyterianism, Methodism, and so on?

If that had happened, then Jesus would have held the royal authority, become a king, and inherited the eternal, unchanging royal authority over the world, and this world would have already become one nation. A world directly governed by God... If that had happened, would there be communism, democracy, or anything like that today? "No."
It would have become one. It would have become one world.  
The fallen human wish is to welcome the Messiah and establish a heavenly kingdom on earth.  
Since the Lord could not do this, He must return, but to do all of this, can He come spiritually? If He just wipes out all the offspring of Satan that have proliferated on this earth, it would mean that God has failed. He intended to proliferate His sons and daughters on the ground, but if He just wipes out all the offspring of Satan, and takes them to the spirit world, it would mean that God has failed on earth. God cannot allow that; it must be accomplished on earth, on earth. It is against the principle for Satan to govern the earth. Therefore, only by expelling Satan and having God govern can the principled world be established.  
Now, what is our wish here? What is the wish of fallen humanity? What is it? It is to welcome the coming Messiah. The Lord of the Second Advent... So, what does it mean to welcome Him?  
As mentioned earlier... (writing on the board) this must be indemnified. It must be indemnified on a global scale. It was said that if we indemnify this, we will take the fast track... This cannot be indemnified individually. The Messiah comes with a historical mission, so if all of this is attached to Him at once, this can be indemnified, that can be indemnified, this can be indemnified, that can be indemnified, and everything can be indemnified at once. (laughter)  
Why is that? This is Adam. Because Adam has grown up, because he is Adam, because he is the fruit, it becomes like this. Ultimately, He is the one who has borne fruit transversely from the vertical history. So He comes as the victor, having completed all indemnities and completely removing the conditions for Satan's accusation. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” He is the one who cannot be replaced even if He gives all of humanity up to now, even if He gives all the people in this world.  
Why? Why is that? The reason is that He has taken full responsibility for indemnification. Do you understand? “Yes.” Because He has indemnified the whole, He has come as such a mission bearer... If you step on Him, you will enter the Kingdom of Heaven all at once. As mentioned earlier, in order to subdue Satan, a perfected Adam must come. The Adam who has overcome all the accusations that Satan has made from all historical eras, from the past to the present, must come, the Adam who has removed the conditions for accusation.  
If Christianity unites with the coming Lord, within seven years, the world will become one. Why seven years? According to the principle of creation, it was created in seven days, so it must all be completed in seven years. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” If this does not happen in seven years, it will be extended to twenty-one years. Reviving, growing, and completing in seven years...  
So, what is our wish? What is the wish of fallen humanity? “It is to welcome the Messiah.” To welcome the Messiah. Then, what has been God's wish for the past six thousand years? “To send the Messiah.” It is God's wish to send the Messiah to this earth. The Messiah landing on this earth... Therefore, since Christianity has become a global foundation, it is based on that global foundation that a new history is being made.  
Then, what do we want to do by welcoming that Messiah? “To follow Him.” What do we want to do by following Him? Are we saying let’s go to heaven? “Yes.” No. We must meet Him and create the Third Israel. That is the earthly kingdom. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” It is not about welcoming the Messiah and riding on clouds to go up. We must create the Third Israel and the earthly kingdom.  
What is your wish in welcoming the Messiah? It is to welcome the Messiah and create the earthly kingdom to become the people of the Third Israel. (Applause) First, it is to welcome the Messiah, and second, it is to become the heavenly people, the heavenly people. Have you become the people of the earthly kingdom? “No, we have not.” Those who live as the people of the heavenly kingdom will all enter the heavenly kingdom directly. It is a direct path, without any procedures. Do you understand? “Yes.”  
Then, what is the difference between the heavenly people and the people of the satanic world? We must understand this. We must clearly understand this. We must be better than anyone in the satanic world, better than the people of any nation in this world. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” We must become the best among the filial sons, the king of filial sons. Then we must become the king of loyal subjects, from the worldly perspective. Then we must become the king of saints. Are you like that? (laughter)  
So, for this to happen, it must be like this, but for that to happen, there must be a subject. That is why the coming Messiah comes as the True Parents. The coming Messiah comes as the true king. Then He comes as the true saint. We must understand this. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” By completely becoming one with Him, by completely becoming like Him, all of these things... Therefore, such people cannot be accused by Satan. Did you generally understand that content? “Yes.” Because of this, now the concept has come in, “Ah, that’s generally how it is.”  
What is the title of today’s message? “The History of Recreation.” This is not just ‘the history of recreation.’ Until now, we have talked about the will of providence, about indemnity and restoration. We must indemnify, indemnify. Then what is the Messiah? He is the king of indemnity. (laughter) To restore, we must indemnify, and to indemnify, whom must we meet? If we meet the king of indemnity, everything will be resolved. Do you understand? Have you come to understand? “Yes.” Then we are now doing the work of indemnity and restoration.  
The Unification Church is a place that advocates returning to the original world.  
So what is the work that the Messiah will do when He comes? What is the work that the king must do? It is the work of indemnity and restoration, but restoration means returning to the original place, and where is the original place? It is God. Then? “The perfect Adam.” The perfect Adam. Then? “The perfect Eve.” The perfect Eve. Then? “The perfect archangel.” That’s right, isn’t it? Where can we find a perfect archangel? That is the problem now. Then what is it? “The perfect sons and daughters.” The perfect sons and daughters. Then? “All things.” All things, all things. Do you understand? How many are there? God, Adam, Eve, archangel, sons and daughters, all things.  
So, is there a religion that does such work? If such a religion does not emerge, we cannot fulfill God's will. What is the Unification Church? It is a place that advocates doing this work. It is an organization that aims to do all of this. That is why it is called unity, unity. That is what the Unification Church is advocating. What is a church? It is a place that unites around God's will, a place that Satan cannot invade. Do you not hear accusations from Satan? “No, we do not.” Really? How? Because we know how to escape from the conditions of indemnity, and because we can escape, that is why.  
So, how is it within the Unification Church? There are individuals going through the path of indemnity, families going through the path of indemnity, tribes going through the path of indemnity, nations going through the path of indemnity. There are such groups. There are such levels. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” The number of people on the individual path of indemnity can be in the millions, even tens of millions. The number of people on the family path of indemnity can also be in the millions, tens of millions. If all of humanity comes in, it will become tens of millions. We must indemnify and rise up.  
Now is the crisis of America, the crisis of the world.  
Seven years, as mentioned earlier, Jesus also said He would go for seven years, and the Lord of the Second Advent also... This seven years is something you all have. You must go for seven years. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.”  
That is why we must set that condition, that condition. The historical link is like this, but during these seven years... It is a history of seven thousand years, but during these seven years, we must match all the stages of those seven thousand years. We must indemnify the history of seven thousand years in seven years. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” We must go through that seven-year path, must we not? “We must.”  
Now, how many years is the Unification Church course? It is the third seven-year course, the third seven-year course. If today’s Christians around the world had united with Reverend Moon and the Unification Church, they would have resolved global issues within seven years, but because they oppose it, we must again indemnify this seven thousand years of history. To indemnify, since the seven thousand years of history has gone through the stages of revival, growth, and completion, we are doing the work of filling the seven years after having indemnified all of this. The three stages of the Old Testament era, New Testament era, and Completed Testament era... Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” We are doing that work.  
If we surpass the third seven-year course, the logic that we must rise to an equal position with the communist world is established here. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” We must be superior to them. It is not a matter of quantity, but of quality. From that perspective, from 1917 to 1977, during this sixty-year process, the number six is the number of Satan, so the communist world has consumed one-third of the world during this sixty-year process. By the end, there is a tendency for this to invade up to two-thirds in reverse. It will come to the time when they all say, “The democratic world will perish.” That time is now.  
Right now, in the UN General Assembly, the United States, Israel, and Korea are cornered. After that, it is all the communist world. They are cornered. That is how it is now. What must America do now? It must unite with the spiritual world, not with the satanic world. Centering on the unity of the spiritual world, a new structure for the democratic world... We must dismantle the UN and overthrow all of the communist world. That is God's will. Now is the time for America to make a decisive decision.  
If we do this, the communist world will create a UN among themselves, and the democratic world will create a separate one among themselves. If they create it among themselves, China and the Soviet Union will inevitably break apart, and since they will fight each other, the third force, the African nations, will not be able to go here or there, and will inevitably come back to America and cling to it. That is what must happen. Now is that time. Korea, America, and Israel must unite to create a new UN. We must create a new UN. Israel is the first Israel, America is the second Israel, and Korea is the third Israel. Revival, growth, completion... That is why we must create a new UN.  
That is why I have published this in the newspaper to warn the world in crisis. America must act! (Applause) In the New York Times, the Washington Post, and the UN's official newspaper.  
Since our Unification Church has a historical mission, it does not matter if the world criticizes or if Reverend Moon is said to be political. It is okay to say that. We must warn and move forward. This also becomes a significant global condition. The crisis of America was during Nixon's time, during the second UN General Assembly. That is why I am urging to go quickly. If you listen to my words, America will become a great America, and if you do not listen, it will perish. It will become food for the communist world. That is what I say. I declare this boldly to the 220 million American citizens in the name of God. Whether they believe or not is their responsibility.  
The church that will align material civilization and spiritual civilization is only the Unification Church.  
So, will you go on the seven-year path or not? “We will go.” That period is the period of indemnity, is it a period of playing and resting? “It is the period of indemnity.” How old is the teacher? “55 years old.” Then how old are you? If you are 20, add 20, if you are 30, add 30, if you are 40, add 40, if you are 50, add 50... That is how it is. Here it is 6,000 plus 55, if you are 20, add 20, if you are 30, add 30, if you are 40, add 40... (writing on the board while speaking) You must understand this. (Applause) Therefore, is the responsibility for history a shared destiny or a different destiny? It is a shared destiny, right? “Yes.”  
That is why God has worked for 7,000 years, and the teacher has worked for 70 years. And you must work for seven years. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” God has worked thousands of times more than the teacher, and the teacher has worked hundreds of times more than you. Do you think it has been easy to indemnify and suffer like that? “Yes.”  
If you just stay quietly in Korea, rumors will spread even to here in America, and you will not hear silly talk about Reverend Moon from newspapers like the New York Times or the Washington Post, and if you just stay quiet, it will be fine, but why is there such a fuss? Just stay quiet... Why is that? Asia and the West are twins, twins. Just like Jacob and Esau, and just like Perez and Zerah. Do you understand? They fought in the womb, right? Just like they fought in the womb, the West and Asia are fighting now.  
Look. From the perspective of Christianity, the West is the firstborn, and Asia is like the second son. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” Just as the younger brother won after fighting in the womb, in the end, Asia will lead and influence the world.  
Western civilization is material civilization, and Asian civilization is spiritual civilization. Western civilization cannot survive without relying on Asian civilization, and this is proven by scholars and historians. Nowadays, Western people are very interested in the East, right? Young people, especially youth? “Yes.”  
We want to create one. Who will do that? If it is not Reverend Moon, no one else can do it. You must understand that. If it is not Reverend Moon, it cannot be done. Do you think it can be done or not? “It cannot be done.” It cannot be done. It would be nice to discuss all the historical matters here, but since there is no time, let’s conclude now.  
The completion of the substantial ideal is God's ideal.  
When the communist world reaches sixty years, it will cross over. What will happen to us then? We must rise globally. This three-year course is that. The years 1975, 76, and 77, this three-year course is that. What does that mean? It is the mathematical God. God is a mathematical being. When the era of six passes, seven years, the number seven comes out, right? That seven-year era is our era, so we must prepare to inherit this. The number seven signifies completion, and completion signifies the earthly kingdom. Do you understand? “Yes.” Therefore, on this seven-year path, you still have a path of indemnity to go. You must understand this.  
When God comes to Adam's family, can there be a family of Adam that Satan can say, “God cannot come”? Will Satan be there or not? “He will not be.” Always, freely, day or night, 24 hours, God can be present in Adam's house. Is that right? “Yes.” Then what about Adam and Eve? When Adam goes to his children's house, can there be any condition for Satan to accuse? Should there be or not? “There should not be.” Then Adam and Eve, that is, the mother and father, can always be present. Not only that, but God can also be present. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.”  
So I have added 55 years to God's 6,000 years, and then you...
Your age plus... Do you understand what I mean? What is this? The ideal of God that we talk about in the Unification Church is the completion of the ideal family. Adam and Eve, children... Do you understand? It's a three-stage process, three stages. Do you understand? "Yes." That's why you must stand on a firm foundation, saying, "I inherit God's will, I inherit my parents' will, I secure that tradition so that God can always come to our home, and True Parents can always be in our home. Satan cannot invade me." That is the ideal family. What is the ideal family? What is the ideal of creation? The conclusion of the completion of the ideal family comes from here. Do you understand clearly?

That's why you need to know that you are God's lineage and the lineage of the teacher. Is that right? "Yes." Did you know you were such beings? "...." From whom does a flower bloom? It blooms from me. Where does a flower bloom? A flower blooms from a branch. Fruits also bear from branches. God is the root, the teacher is the trunk, and you are the branches. Therefore, you must do well. The Unification Church is that you are the signboard. Do you understand? "Yes."

The path of indemnity must be a public path; I must become a public person.

Now, to enter the restoration, you must go through indemnity. When entering the principled world, there is a process of re-creation that must be gone through... This must be re-created. There is nothing private in this. Can indemnity be done with private conditions? Tell me. It must be public. Private matters cannot be included. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Offerings are public, which is why many people come to offer sacrifices. It's the same.

Therefore, those who think privately cannot walk the path of indemnity. They cannot! It must be public, public. Today, church members of established churches think, "Oh, believing in Jesus and going to church is for my salvation." But that cannot be the case. Such believers will be judged at the end. They must perish. Therefore, at the end, established church members, those with such faith, will perish. Established churches are destined to perish, aren't they? "They are destined to perish." Now, it's become a nursing home, and when they all die, it will perish. (Laughter)

So, the path of indemnity must be public. You must know that the path of faith must be public. Until now, all the saints and righteous people of the historical age have been public figures. They are not private individuals. They are not private people. Is that right? "Yes." Moreover, those who follow God's will must be public.

Now, was Jesus public or private? "He was public." Even in the moment of death, Jesus said, "Father, not my will, but yours be done." It's different, isn't it? "Yes."

Now, why did you come to the Unification Church? Did you come to become a public figure or a private figure? "A public figure." Therefore, we must have public thoughts. Can a public person sleep whenever they want? "No." Can they claim, "I am hungry. I need to eat; it's time to eat... This is my time to eat"? Can they say, "Oh, I'm tired; I need to rest... I should rest; what is this!"? "No." Even if they die, they must die publicly. They must comply without resentment. Is that right? "Yes."

So, you who are offerings... Conditional things are offerings. You must understand this. Is that right? "That's right." It must be public. Therefore, the concept of ownership must not exist; the concept of ownership must not exist. You must not have the claim of self. There cannot be anything that is "mine." You must not have the concept of ownership. Are you like that? How about you? "Yes." So, at any time, if I say, "Come at night!" you say, "Yes." If I say, "Come during the day!" you say, "Yes." If I say, "Hey, you die! Bow down here!" you say, "Yes." Even if you die... (Demonstrating with actions. Laughter) Can you complain? "No." Things that complain can never become offerings. Why is a lamb a representative offering? Because it does not protest even when it is killed. It simply dies with a "meh." (Laughter) It should not be struggling when it dies. (Laughter)

Now, a person like Isaac was great because he did not resist when Abraham was about to place him on the altar. He did not resist. He could have protested, asking, "Father, why are you trying to kill me? No, no." But he remained still. This is truly admirable. Even if I die, I belong to the Master. This idea... Even if I die, I belong to the Master, and I will die as the Master's! Didn't Jesus say that? Even if I die, I will die as belonging to the Father, for the Father. I was born for the Father, I live for the Father, and I die for the Father. Do you understand? "Yes."

Therefore, true love is public. True love seeks that public path. It is in the public path. For the family... The family is public. The love of parents who sacrifice themselves for the family is true love. It must be public, public. Do you understand? Do you understand? "Yes."

Moreover, the Unification Church is absolutely public. It must be absolutely public, public. Is that right? Raise your hand if you say, "I am public." Now, in winter, if it is public to walk around without clothes, what will you do? "I will walk around without clothes." If I say, "Walk around without clothes; just wear underwear and walk around without pants," what will you do? "I will do that." "Oh, how embarrassing!" Would you say that? (Demonstrating with actions) What would you do then?

Offerings must shed blood, blood. Is that okay? "Yes." Have you ever thought about complaining while following God's will? "No, I haven't." You must not complain. I have never thought that I live for myself. I was not born for myself. It is public. Living is public, and dying is public. You never know where you will die. You do not think you will die in your own house. You do not know where you will die. It must be public. Do you understand?

Is God public or private? "Public." It is the same. If you think, "I am working in the Unification Church for three years so that the teacher will bless me," is that public or private? "Private." If you understand this, you understand everything. There is no need for education. You know what is public and what is private.

Also, among conditions, which offerings are good? Is an offering that sheds tears good, is an offering that sweats good, or is an offering that sheds blood good? Which is better? Shedding tears is a little better than sweating, and shedding blood is better than shedding tears. (Laughs) Is that right? "Yes."

Now, look. An offering, like a lamb, if there is a lamb, it is caught and cut up. Not only is it killed to shed blood, but it is also cut up. How miserable is that? "Oh, how annoying. Why does God like that?" You might think this, but no. According to the law of indemnity... If one person sacrifices, a thousand or ten thousand can live, and if that person represents a nation, a whole nation can live, and if they represent the world, the world can live.

Therefore, the conclusion is that for God's will, you must be able to dedicate your life without hesitation. Is that right? "Yes." Why shed blood? Why must life be sacrificed? Why must life be dedicated? You must think that there is the blood of Satan in our bodies. This blood seeks to elevate itself, it thinks centered on itself. That is Satan. Even though one is a servant of God, they try to act above God and have suppressed God completely. Do you understand? You must understand this perspective. Even if I give my life, I must establish the historical conditions for indemnity, and that determination must be made at this time. Is that right? "Yes." Raise your hand if you think, "I can definitely do that."

Now, from now on, you must say, "I have truly become such a public being! I can be! Not only can I be, but I am!" You must say this. Because I have dedicated my life for God and for the world, I have completely cleared away the blood of Satan. I have cleared away everything that Satan accuses. Do you understand what I mean? Do you also feel this way? "Yes."

I must have the belief that I am the completed Adam and Eve, the Messiah.

Earlier, I said to add the teacher's age of 55 years to the 6,000 years, and then add your age. Based on that principle... Therefore, according to that principle, "I am God's representative, I am my parents' representative. In the past, my parents... In other words, from the individual Messiah to the family Messiah, to the tribal Messiah, to the national Messiah, to the world Messiah, I have resurrected as a substantial being, and I have shed blood as an offering throughout the historical age for indemnity." This is the belief you must have. If that happens, the relationship between the teacher and me cannot be severed even if I cut off my life; my relationship with God cannot be severed. Is that right? "Yes." The parents of the satanic world cannot sever it, the nations of the satanic world cannot sever it, the loved ones of the satanic world cannot sever it, and Satan cannot sever it either... Is there a belief that "No one can sever it"? "Yes." Then it becomes possible. Then we are one body, one body. We are united with God. "I am an enemy of sin and an enemy of Satan. All the historical martyrs and those who became offerings follow me, and God follows me, and my parents follow me. They can come behind me without any hindrance from Satan's accusations." This is the belief you must have.

"I am the resurrection of Jacob, the resurrection of Moses, the resurrection of Jesus, the resurrection of my parents, the resurrection of all things. If Jesus cannot come through me, if the historical Jacob and Moses cannot come through me, and furthermore, if the teacher cannot come through me, and if God cannot come through me, then they cannot go to the world." This is the belief you must have. It must be so.

Now, think about it. "Should I go to the Unification Church or not... Today, Reverend Moon is here, talking until what time, even in the rain. This is about offerings. Oh, rain, please don't come." You might think that, but rain is also public. Even rain is public. (Laughter and applause) The teacher, if he has made a public promise once, will go even in the rain, even if a person dies. That is public. Do not complain. (Laughter) Do you understand that? "Yes." Such a belief, such a thought... If from my body it is said, "Jacob, come out," I must be able to come out. If it is said, "Moses, come out," I must be able to come out; if it is said, "Jesus, come out," I must be able to come out; if it is said, "True Parents, come out," I must be able to come out. This is what must be said. (Applause) Now, should we stop or continue? "Continue."

Then, in the end, who am I? I am the completed Adam! I am the completed Eve! This is what you must think. In other words, think of me as the coming Messiah, the Messiah who is to come. (Laughter) Men should think, "I am the Messiah who will save men!" This is what you must think. Women should think, "I am the Messiah who can save all the women of the world!" What are you? "Messiah." (Laughter) What kind of Messiah? Men are the Messiah who will save men, and women are the Messiah who will save women.

Then, what is the coming Messiah? It is the Messiah who saves the male Messiah and the female Messiah and returns them to God. That person is the Lord of the Second Advent. The two Messiahs, the male Messiah and the female Messiah, are united and return to God; that person is the coming Messiah. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Men, what kind of Messiah are you? "Male Messiah." Women, what kind of Messiah are you? "Female Messiah." What does that mean? It means Adam. In the end, what is the Messiah? It is the completed Adam. Let us become the completed Adam and the completed Eve.

Women should think, "There are 4 billion people in humanity, so there are 2 billion women inside me." When you pull them in like this, you should think that all the women of the world have come here. (Laughter) The same goes for men. Men should think that before getting married, all the seeds are inside their bodies. Therefore, when I go like this, I should think that the whole world is going like this. If you pull out one hair from a man's head, all the men of the world will say, "Ouch!" This is what you should think. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Only then can you appear as a conditional being representing masculinity. You are a nation representing the world.

Now, I am going to say the most important thing. Listening to this while getting rained on is something you will never forget for your entire life. That is why those who are getting rained on are blessed people. (Applause)

So, you must think, "I am the completed Adam. I am the completed Eve. Moreover, all of humanity is inside me. Even God is inside me." Do you think God is inside you? "Yes." Do you think humanity is inside you? "Yes." That is what you must know.

The restored Adam and Eve will recreate the world.

What is God's principle, the principle of restoration? It means that since Adam and Eve fell, Adam and Eve must be restored. Do you understand? "Yes." Because it is the restoration of Adam and Eve... You have faith children, right? When you evangelize, children come out, right? "Yes." Then Adam comes out, and Adam comes out again, and Eve comes out...

Now, Adam and Eve have come out. Then what is your family? When Adam and Eve are blessed and completed, if this family enters, it means the whole world can enter. Ultimately, it means entering heaven, representing all of humanity, representing men and women. The marriage in the Unification Church is for this purpose. Until now, you have married without knowing the significance.

That is why on the day of failure, you will be accused by heaven and earth. You will be accused more severely than Adam and Eve and will be thrown into a more terrifying hell. You will receive a more terrible punishment. There is no forgiveness, no forgiveness. At that time, it is not Satan who accuses, but God who accuses. It is True Parents who accuse. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." It is an eternal marriage. It is an eternal marriage. Try dying and see if that is true or not. You may not have known, but you must try dying.

Now, what does God want to leave for the whole world? What does it mean to send the Lord of the Second Advent and find the bride and groom? It means to leave Adam and Eve. This is what we are looking for. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, God's...
As a substitute, Adam and Eve broke the created world, so we are seeking the created world. In other words, we want to become men and women who overcome the world. 

Now, these two are the ones who will recreate. Who will recreate? It is not God who does it, but these two who will recreate. It is Adam and Eve who do it. God first created the angels, then created heaven and earth, then created Adam, and then created Eve, so all of this needs to be recreated. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

The recreation of the archangel must be accomplished first. 

So, what should all humans in the providential age today seek first? They must seek the archangel. The archangel existed before Adam and Eve. Therefore, the world before Adam and Eve is like the world of the archangel. This fallen world is close to the world of the archangel. That is why it is said not to marry in this satanic world. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." High-level religions have said not to marry.

Now, who caused the archangel to fall? Ultimately, it was Eve who fell along with him. Then, who caused Eve to fall? Eve fell because Adam could not take responsibility. It is Adam's responsibility. The master is Adam. The master was Adam. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

That is why seeking the position of Adam is religion; religion is the position of Adam, and the world is the position of the archangel. Therefore, we must save the world, which is the position of the archangel, through religion, which is the position of Adam. In order to recreate, Adam must invest all his strength. He must invest his heart. Everything must be invested. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." This is where the question of why religion must sacrifice is resolved.

Even to the foolish people of the world, we must bow our heads.... Why is this? It is because we must give our all. God is like that. In the future, He teaches us to create people who can submit to me. Absolutely for the sake of others.... And if they follow, the archangel will be restored. This is what the Unification Church calls the restoration of Cain and Abel. Do you understand clearly? "Yes."

That is why we must subjugate the president of that nation, the sovereign. We must find individual Cains, family Cains, national Cains, and world Cains. We are seeking the archangel. Only then can the three stages unfold. From the individual to the family stage, national stage, and world stage, these three stages will be established. Therefore, I must save the world. I must save the world; I must save the nation; I must save the family. This idea is the messianic thought. We all come together to seek the world. Among the world, there are nations, families, and individuals, so when we finish the movement to seek the world, we all become one. So, what are you working for? What is the Unification Church working for? "For the world...." With that mindset, we must go out.

Until now, religion has been carrying out the creation history of the archangel. After the creation of the archangel is completed, who comes next? Then it is their own era. Then they enter the position of Adam and the position of Eve. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Only after this can we finally seek all things.

Who assists in the creation of Adam? Adam cannot create alone. Who assists? Cain must assist. The archangel must assist. When God created heaven and earth and created Adam, He did it through the archangel, so the existence of Adam cannot be created without relying on the archangel. It is the same. Is that right? "Yes." When does Cain assist in the creation of Adam? When he says he will obey until death.... That is the assistance.

So, the archangel becomes a stepping stone and works for me. My recreation.... Until the completion of the individual Adam, family Adam, and national Adam, he assists. When the archangel fell, he fell on an individual basis, but when he enters the age of restoration, the faithful sons and daughters in the position of restored Cain, from the archangel's perspective, will ultimately become the foundation in my world of restoration and assist. This is recreation.

From the standpoint of the teacher, you are the restored archangel type. Therefore, while the fallen archangel tore down Adam, you push Adam up and assist him. You assist in going all the way to the position of the global Adam, in recreating the global Adam. Do you understand? "Yes." That is why you must understand that the archangel must be restored.

After finding the archangel and Adam, we must restore all things. 

So, when do we restore the economy? When do we restore all things? When do we restore all things? Only when we surpass the standard of completion before Adam and Eve fell, at that time, we can find all things. (While writing on the board) We restore all things from this restored position. Our Unification Church can start this work from the 1970s.

So, when I look at myself, if I have found the archangel and Eve, then what comes next? If I have found the archangel before the fall and Eve before the fall, then I must find all things. The era of finding all things will unfold.

What does it mean that until now religion has said to be indifferent to material things? It means that until the global Cain is found and the global Adam appears, we cannot find material things. The problem is finding the archangel and Adam. Do you understand? "Yes."

Then what do we do? We must find all things with our own hands. Whose are all things? Are they public or private? "They are public." We must find global material. Therefore, the Unification Church is entering the era of economic restoration from the 1970s. That is why there are rumors like, "Oh, Reverend Moon does business well." We will become the world's top wealthy people. We must become the top wealthy people. We must become the very best wealthy people. (Applause)

That is why we must develop even while being persecuted, and even while being scolded and opposed, we must earn money. We must earn money and also evangelize.

If we stop because Satan opposes, that is not the principle. We must not be concerned about that. We should think of it as if it is not there, even if it is there. Just as there was no Satan when Adam and Eve were created in the Garden of Eden, we should act as if there is no Satan, even if there is.

When I invest my strength, I develop. Do you understand? When I invest my strength, I develop. In conclusion, it means development. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Now, we must find all those who have fallen into the satanic world. We must find everyone who has fallen into the satanic world. In the end, we must find them all so that there is not even a piece of land left. That is why the teacher is currently preparing to hold the global economic sphere. It will definitely happen.

Also, humanity in the world cannot help but come to the Unification Church. This belief that Satan must submit wherever I go.... "I create all things in place of God, I create Eve, I create Adam, I create the archangel. I am the master who recreates in place of God." This is how I think. With this, I want to return what was lost to God. Do you understand? "Yes."

So, we must engage in economic activities. Next, we must engage in evangelistic activities. Then, we must serve for our wives or husbands. After that, we must become loyal subjects for the nation, and we rise like this. Then, I must become the Messiah. We must recreate; we must recreate.

That is why I create the archangel, create all things, then create the family, create the nation, create the world, create the cosmos, and liberate God. This is the providence of salvation. It means that God will be made into the original God again. It means recreation. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Heaven is in my hands. Heaven is in my hands. The kingdom of heaven is in my hands. Is that right, everyone? "Yes."

That is why, as God loves this world, I must love this world. As God continues the providence of restoration for the sake of the world, I must think that I will save the world’s humanity with all my heart and as long as my life does not cease, until it ceases, even if I die. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." From the creation of the archangel, the creation of all things, the creation of Adam, the creation of the counterpart, then the creation of the nation, the recreation of the world, the recreation of the kingdom of heaven, we must go to the liberation of God.

So, wherever I go, God and everyone else are all welcome; all beings are welcome wherever I go. This is how I should think. So, the teacher thinks that even if he goes to heaven now, there will be nothing that will not welcome him. That is the truth.

Fight with all your strength and become the master of the history of recreation. 

Now, although there is opposition in America, the opposition of the American people is to create a material that can be more loyal in the future. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." Therefore, with my hands, I will completely bring the archangel world.... How terrifying is this thought? This is God's thought. This is God's thought.

Now, when you evangelize, whose is it? "It is God's." It is God's and at the same time it is the parents'. When you make money, whose is it? "It is God's and at the same time it is my parents'." Then what happens? As God's things increase and the true parents' things increase, that becomes yours. You will become richer, that is how it will be. You must become richer. This is the condition, the conditional object, and all of this.... Now, do you generally understand? "Yes."

That is why the teacher thinks that even if he dies, ultimately, through me, everyone can go to the kingdom of heaven. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Adam and Eve, Adam and Eve....

Think about it. By entering the Unification Church, you who knew nothing have come to know all this and have gained such a mindset and can become such a substantial substitute; this is a great revolution. It is a great revolution.

Is God present where Adam and Eve are? "Yes." Likewise, where I am, God lives with me. We live together.

That is why you must love material things more than the world loves material things, and you must love people more than the world loves people, and you must love people more than Satan loves people. Only by becoming such people can you become the sons and daughters of God. By doing this, I must be able to stand on the foundation of the history of recreation and enter a position of value in front of heaven, in that kingdom.

So, by recreating what was lost through Adam and Eve, and finding it and returning it to God, the whole can be restored. The whole can be restored. Then, wherever you go, you will not fall under the conditions of Satan's accusations. You must understand that. If Satan cooperates, it will be done, but he cannot oppose.

In this way, whether you are male or female, you must all walk the path of destiny for recreation. This has become our natural path, so how much loyalty you show in order to walk this path will determine your value and how much you will become shining sons and daughters when you go to heaven.

So, knowing this, believing that the world of this will come in the not-so-distant future, I will conclude by hoping that you will become the masters of this recreation with all your strength. 

About the history of recreation
I am grateful to meet you like this after a long time in Washington. Looking around, I see many unfamiliar faces, many faces I have not seen before. Let’s see a show of hands from those who are meeting the teacher for the first time today. Put your hands down. How many hours should we talk this evening? Let’s decide right away. Let’s talk about the content selectively.

Today, I will summarize the main points of what I talked about in Europe and share it with you. What you need to know is…. I mainly want to talk about the history of recreation. If I go into detail about it, it will be quite extensive, so I cannot talk about all of it, but let’s talk about the main points regarding the history of recreation.

Because humanity fell, the history of recreation must be carried out. 

If our ancestor Adam and Eve had not fallen, there would be no need for religion, saviors, or the providential history of God up to now, as you have learned. Ultimately, we are trying to return to the original world that has not fallen, the world that has not fallen. That is the purpose of religion, and you also know that God sends many prophets to this earth or sends the Messiah for the purpose of the providence of salvation.

On October 21, 1975 (Tuesday), Washington D.C.

Then, on what basis does the Messiah come? Of course, he must come on the basis of the individual, the family, the nation, and the world. However, in the age of global satanic authority, it is impossible to turn around this world, which is under the control of Satan, with just an individual standard.

That is why we must lay a foundation that can influence the satanic world, centered on heaven, by opposing such a satanic world. We can understand here that God cannot help but govern from the individual to the nation to lay such a foundation. 

So, God established a form of individual, family, and nation that He can freely govern. That was the chosen people, the nation of Israel.

With that nation as the center, God sent a Messiah on a united foundation so that they could share life and death and share all their intentions, allowing that nation to develop into a country that God can govern. This is the purpose of God sending the Messiah. The sovereignty of that nation, although there are many nations in the satanic world, must manifest as a sovereignty that God can boast of throughout history, as a true sovereignty.

From that perspective, the nation of Israel and Jesus must become completely one.

In other words, for 4,000 years, God has been working to send the Messiah on a national foundation, but who is that Messiah? Today, the established churches cannot define the Messiah. Who is the Messiah? The established churches say that the Messiah existed from the beginning, as part of the Trinity.

If such a logic is established, then it means that the fall was also caused by God, and that it was God who historically made humanity miserable and sent them to hell, leading to the conclusion that God is a cruel God. It does not conclude that He is a just God.

If Jesus is God Himself, then as an omnipotent God, why could He not come to this earth and do as He pleases? Why could He not do as He pleases? Such theoretical issues arise, and negative events can be connected endlessly.

Then, when Jesus prayed and did all that, to whom was he praying?
We know well that throughout history, many theologians have struggled with the question of whether Jesus is God Himself or not. 

**The Salvation Providence: The Providence of Restoration through Indemnity**

So why does God want to save? What kind of person does He want to create? When we delve into these issues, we find that the established churches lack a standard. They have the concept of salvation, but when it comes to the standard of salvation, they do not have such a perspective. Because of this, the established churches today are in confusion at the end of the world, losing their position and suddenly falling apart. This is because they lack a sense of purpose. In conclusion, it is indeed a fact that they are mistaken.

Therefore, when we think about the very term "fall," if we conclude that this situation is a result of the fall, we cannot help but think that there was a place to go before the fall, a place that should have been reached without falling. 

Then, what is the original standard that does not fall and can be liked and rejoiced in by God? We must pursue and bring forth this in the most theoretical way possible. 

There have been people who thought about such issues, but because they did not know what the previous state was, it has been a problem until now. In our Unification Church, we concluded that the salvation providence is not vague but is, in a word, the providence of restoration. This is a conclusion that has made a significant historical contribution. Up until today, such a faith-based concept has not been clearly presented.

Where should restoration return to? It should not be about rebelling against God's word and falling away, but rather returning to the original standard where one can be with God and practice faith centered on that word. This is certain.

**Regarding the History of Re-Creation**

The salvation providence is the history of restoration. The purpose of the salvation providence is to return to Eden before the fall. So how do we return? This is the issue. We cannot just return. Why can we not just return? Because Adam, the ancestor of humanity, violated God's laws, and as his descendants, we were born with the historical sins up to now, so we cannot return without indemnifying all those sins. We cannot return without settling those debts.

To return, we must inevitably settle our debts first. However, if we try to settle the debts of sin one-to-one, there is no way to settle the sins committed over thousands of years of historical processes. Therefore, what kind of settlement is necessary here? It is not a one-to-one settlement, but rather a settlement based on conditions of indemnity. This is the only way humans can settle. Both God and Satan know this very well. The conditions of indemnity are extremely important. Do you understand that point? "Yes."

Therefore, we cannot return without establishing conditions of indemnity. Then where do we find those conditions? If one says, "Ah, by raising this hand, I am establishing a condition to indemnify historical sins," can that be a condition of indemnity? The issue is where we find those conditions of indemnity. It must be based on the standard of fighting against Satan on behalf of God and humanity during the historical age, and we must carry the achievements of those who have won. There is no other way to find it.

**Jacob, who laid the foundation of a family by overcoming the world satan**

Did God carry out the salvation providence after humanity had grown to billions, or did He start from the time of Adam? Originally, He began the salvation providence when there were only a few people.

There must be someone who bears the historical mission as a personal condition of indemnity in the satanic world! There must be such a family, such a tribe, such a nation, and such a country. This conclusion emerges.

When we look at the nation, it means that we can find and establish one individual, then one family, and one nation. Ultimately, if many families are united around one individual, that becomes a tribe and then a nation. Therefore, in the historical age, God must find and establish one individual, one family that represents the world, and one nation.

So where do we find such representative, responsible figures? We must find them in the nation that bears the mainstream ideology in the providence of God. Who is that nation? It is the chosen people, the nation that has been selected. Therefore, we must understand how one becomes a chosen people. They must fight and win against Satan.

To become a chosen people, there must be an initial individual who fights and wins against the world satan. This person must first indemnify their lineage and then achieve victory in their environment. They must win in both battles.

What kind of battle is the battle of lineage? Because of the fall, Satan's children came out first, and the children that God could find became second. Originally, if they had not fallen, both the first and second sons would have been God's children.

So, by receiving the cooperation of his mother, Jacob subdued his brother Esau and bought the birthright, receiving the blessing, thus reversing the brotherly relationship in terms of lineage. In other words, he subdued the actual son of Satan as a son of God. Having won this victory, he must then achieve victory in his environment.

So he went to the house of Laban in Haran, who was Jacob's uncle. Jacob stayed there for 21 years, and no matter how much opposition and persecution he faced, he fought against that environment and overcame it, ultimately establishing a proud heavenly family as the center of his family.

After staying in Haran for 21 years and receiving all the blessings, he was engaged in a struggle by the Jabbok River on his way back. God sent an angel…. Though it was sent by God, it was like being on the side of Satan. It was an enemy. God and Satan publicly agreed on this…. If Jacob, on the basis of his environmental foundation, spiritually subdued the angel, he would have established a condition that could influence the spiritual world.

Thus, for the first time, a way was opened for humans to dominate angels. After 2,000 years of history following the fall, it was only during Jacob's time that he could dominate angels. This history continues to repeat itself. 

By winning at that place, the angel gave Jacob the name "Israel." Israel means "he has prevailed."

He was able to make his brother into a younger brother. He also took away all the external wealth from Laban's house. In other words, he established a condition to conquer the satanic world. After that, the standard to dominate the spiritual world was established.

**The Israelite Nation Established the National Indemnity Conditions Following Moses**

So what is the original person who did not fall? Originally, if one is born as God's firstborn, they dominate their younger brother, dominate the environment, and even dominate the spiritual world. They dominate humanity and the spiritual world. What is the standard of the unfallen Adam? It is to be able to dominate God's family and all of God's descendants, and then to dominate the world of all things and the environment for God's families, as well as to dominate the spiritual world. That is the position of the original Adam. This principle always applies.

Now, he won in a familial sense. In other words, through Jacob, he laid the foundation for familial victory. Next, he must win in a national sense. Thus, he brought the Israelite nation into Egypt. This means sending them into the satanic world. 

No matter how difficult it may be for the Israelite nation, if they unite and become one in the satanic world, they can conclude that they will win. Just as it was during Jacob's time, no matter how difficult it was, they won by centering on God, the Israelite nation, no matter how difficult it may be, will win the day they become one in the satanic world. That becomes a historical tradition.

So what is persecution? If a nation sins and is persecuted before it commits sin, it receives sin and loses its blessings. It is a strategy to take away blessings. Therefore, by being deceived and persecuted ten times, Jacob was able to establish the condition to find all of Laban's wealth. It may seem foolish to remain patient and quiet, but it is a game of saying, "Let the blessings of the whole be poured upon me." The more one is persecuted and overcomes, the more blessings come to them. If that father and his entire clan oppose him, he can bring all the blessings of that clan.

So why do they oppose so much? Because they came to take away blessings, they came to inherit blessings, and they will take away their own blessings, so they are enemies. They cannot help but oppose. Therefore, it is said to overcome only until the third strike.

The reason religions develop when they are persecuted is due to this principle. They develop according to this principle. This is a formula. Why did God send the beloved Israelite nation into Egypt and make them suffer? Why did He make them suffer until now? It is to establish conditions to take away the blessings of the satanic world….

If the Israelite nation had known this principle, how united would they have been? If the entire nation, from the king down, positively agreed at once, the day they overcome this will be the day when the kingdom of God approaches. The day they can find the kingdom is approaching. When they entered Egypt, Pharaoh hardened his heart ten times and struck them. However, centered on Moses, they united and fought until the end, ultimately coming out of Egypt. But just because they came out of Egypt does not mean they receive the blessings of that nation. The blessings of that nation can only be received in the land of Canaan. Thus, they established national indemnity conditions on the heavenly side.

While doing this, they waited for the Messiah to come following the temple. However, despite this, when they met the Messiah….

**If the Israelite Nation Had United with Jesus, Who Came as the Messiah**

If the nation had united with Jesus when he came as the Messiah, where would they have gone next? Where would they have gone? "To Rome." No. If Jesus had not died, he would not have gone to Rome. As you know, at the time Jesus came, the Roman Empire was politically corrupt, and its power was significantly weakened, centered around the nation of Israel…. If the nation of Israel had united with Jesus to oppose Rome, the Roman Empire would not have left such a Jesus and the nation of Israel alone. They would surely have applied pressure.

If they were united with the Israelite nation and Rome opposed them, then centered on Jesus, the current Arab world would have completely united. They would have been united at that time. If that had happened, we would not be fighting so miserably today. At that time, there were no Muslims. That land was the land blessed by Jacob's twelve brothers, so if they had completely united centered on Jesus, what is now called Zionism would have been realized. That is what they were seeking. They would have been united at that time.

If they had been united, what would have happened? They would have contended with Rome. Then they would have started to ally with the Eastern empires, such as India or the civilized nation of China, to oppose Rome. Would that have happened or not? "It would have happened." 

If that had happened, Christianity would not have gone to the Western civilization but would have borne fruit in the Asian civilization, forming a unified nation that could lead the world.

Ultimately, just as Jacob overcame his brother, Moses must overcome the Cain-like Egypt, and Jesus and the Israelite nation at that time must unite and establish the Arab world in the Abel position to overcome the Cain-like Asian nations. This is the path of restoration.

At that time, in Asia, there were Confucius and Buddha, and in Europe, there was Socrates…. They had already been preparing for 400 years to lay the spiritual foundation to welcome the Messiah. So if they had entered such an environmental realm, they would have surely connected their earthly descendants with Jesus in the spiritual world.

There was a providential basis for the Israelite nation, the Arab world, and the Asian world to all unite before God's will, but by capturing and killing Jesus, the path of this realm was completely severed. If the Arab world had been captured as Abel, Asia is Cain-like, so the entire standard of Abel-type and Cain-type, that is, the substantial standard, would have been that the Arab world is the internal form, and Asia is the external form. If they had been united centered on Jesus at that time, it would have become a global nation.

The Israelite nation entered Rome to retrieve what was taken from them. 

Now, Jesus was killed. He was expelled not only from the Arab world but also from the Israelite nation. He had no place to stand. So Jesus died. Because of this, where could he go? When God's will fails in the place where it can originally be blessed, it moves to the world of enemies, to the enemy. This is a formula. It means that Satan took it. Therefore, he must enter the world of Satan. Isn't that so? If you fail, you fall into Satan. So to find this, you must enter the land of enemies. Thus, if you become a victor who fights and retrieves what the enemy has taken, you will dominate the world.

In other words, if you find what was lost centered on Jesus at that time, you will go to the world. Just as you can move Asia or the Middle East on a national basis, you can also occupy a global standard. Therefore, Christianity was supposed to form a unified worldview with the Asian empires, but because Jesus died and handed over all the originally blessed things to Satan, they inevitably had to enter into the arms of Rome. This is the tragic fate of Christianity.

However, Christianity did not seek a nation centered on the spiritual and physical but rather centered on the spiritual foundation…. Since Jesus' body was violated, Christianity started based on the resurrection standard that was resurrected spiritually, and it fought against the Roman Empire for 400 years. Thus, it established a spiritual civilization of Christianity.

So what must Christianity do? It must spiritually carry out personal indemnity, familial indemnity, tribal indemnity, and national indemnity again. This is the issue that arises.

Thus, by entering Rome, individuals were sacrificed, families were sacrificed, and Christianity as a whole underwent the process of being sacrificed nationally and tribally. No matter how strong the enemy may be here…. The Israelite nation won individually through Jacob, and perhaps tribally through Moses, but Christians had a strength beyond that and did not yield to the enemy, sacrificing their lives and carrying the subjective thought to the end. Thus, they turned over the Roman Empire.

They indemnified 4,000 years of history in 400 years. They endured all kinds of sacrifices and faced…
The more you hit the face, the more you take away blessings. Four thousand years of blessings... You inherit them. From that time, when the conditions for receiving blessings from heaven were established, Rome was finally subdued, forming a Christian-centered nation. The Christians of that time did not know, but Satan took the blessings that Jesus was supposed to achieve without dying. Rome was in a position to take them away. Therefore, in the end, to regain those blessings, a significant price had to be paid. It is natural that without that, one cannot come to the side of heaven.

So where is Christian thought? It is the thought that has been fought from the Roman Empire, inheriting the thought established by all the apostles, and it must remain as a global tradition to form a unified Christian cultural sphere. As a result, from now on, the Roman people, the Italian people, will finally become the central people who can dominate the world before God's will. God entrusted the world to the Israelite people but failed, so He intended to conquer the world centered on the Italian people.

The nation of the chosen people that carries out God's will must stand in a public position. So how should the Italian people dominate the world? The chosen Israelite people did not know this. They thought that when the Messiah came, He would focus only on their people and annihilate all other nations. In the end, what is God's will? We must know God's will. The Israelite people for God's will, and the Italian people for God's will.

So what is God's will? It is to save all humanity. Therefore, it must become a nation of the chosen people for humanity. Then what should we do? We must understand that our blessings belong to humanity, and the blessings I have received are meant to be shared with humanity. These two things... A nation that carries out God's mission and God's will is not a private nation. It must be understood that it is a public nation, a public nation. Everyone, is a sacrifice a private object or a public object? "It is a public object." That is why the whole must bow their heads.

What kind of people are the world’s religious leaders? They were public soldiers and workers for the world salvation to establish the kingdom of heaven. This fact has not been known until now.

When we look at other religions or Christianity today, what kind of concept do they all have? "I believe in that religion to gain salvation." This concept is contrary to God's providence of salvation. "Even if I die, I must save the world, and after saving the world, I will be saved." This is the kind of thought we must have. That is the attitude that the chosen people of God or the religious people whom God loves should have. This is public, public.

If it is a traditional church, it should say, "I believe in Jesus not to be saved for myself but to fulfill the will of Jesus and God's will to save humanity." This is the correct faith. Do you understand? "Yes." You must clearly understand this point.

Therefore, a person who believes well is a person who lives a public life. Individuals must do so, churches must do so, and if that church becomes a national church, then that nation must do so. Why did the Israelite people perish? They did not know this. Because they did not know this, they perished. The same goes for the Roman people. Centered around the Roman Catholic Church, the entire region of the Middle East and Europe was placed under the control of the Roman Empire, and at that time, all the canonists of the papacy should have understood the thought that the Roman Empire was responsible for God's providence to save the world.

If that had been the case, there would have been no Christian culture that left the stigma of the medieval feudal Christian society, the stigma of a feudal society. They prioritized church authority and the church. They should have prioritized saving the world, but they stood in a dogmatic position, prioritizing church authority.

If the entire hierarchy from the Pope of Rome to the Cardinals of Rome had stood in the position of "Our mission is to save the world. For the world, we must sacrifice," then centered around the Roman Catholic Church, a unified Christian kingdom would have already been formed. It should have been so, but leaving behind the dying people of the world, these multitudes who could not stand before God's will, and standing in a position that prioritizes their church and church authority led to rampant corruption, so God could not place this blessing here. It could not be transferred. It is taking away blessings. Then where will those blessings go? They will be transferred to the enemy's nation.

Now, at that time, the trend of humanism swept through, and the new religious activities began, and this is where it is being transferred. Where is it being transferred? It has been inherited by the British people, the Anglo-Saxon people. Originally, if Rome had been responsible, it would have absorbed all the Asian empires as well. The various movements such as the Industrial Revolution centered around Britain, and the new cultural movements that led to the origins of modern civilization in the 20th century were all concentrated on British soil, where heaven sent people to raise a global revival. This is the history of transferring all heavenly blessings from Roman Catholicism to Britain.

The modern 20th-century democratic system all started from Britain. All the things like the Industrial Revolution... As you know, Queen Elizabeth I strengthened maritime policy and occupied places all over the world, including Asia and Africa. That was commanded by heaven. Britain, being an island nation, was trained a lot due to the invasions of the Vikings. Because they were always in a position to be attacked, they trained a lot and thought about strengthening maritime culture more than any other nation.

At that time, Spain and Portugal were in a considerably strong position centered around maritime power, but Elizabeth I strengthened maritime power from 1593 to 1603 based on that standard.

For example, while Britain dominated Canada and the United States, the South was dominated by Spain, which became a problem... Nowadays, when you watch movies like "Master Gunfighter," you see content about fighting Spain in California, but at that time, Spain was trying to influence North America while controlling South America, and it was Queen Elizabeth's contribution that defended against that. That is why the land of America could remain. The territory that spanned the five oceans and six continents became the British Empire, where the sun never sets, because God transferred blessings from Italy to Britain.

You know well about the "Anne" incident during the time of Henry VIII, right? Due to romantic issues, because of marriage issues, he organized a new parliament and broke away from the Catholic Church to create the new Anglican Church. From that time, it was necessary to strengthen in a new direction. Therefore, Britain had to welcome the Protestant movement on a large scale and emerge into a new world by changing the Catholic Church all at once.

As Britain stood in a position to dominate the church centered around royal authority, groups emerged that advocated pure faith movements while envisioning a new parliament and a nation based on God's will. They were the Puritans.

If at that time Britain had governed all the territories blessed by God centered on Protestantism, believing that the Anglo-Saxon people had the responsibility to save all humanity, and had raised the banner of world salvation, then God's will would have centered around Britain... The British people would have dominated the world. Would that have happened or not? "It would have happened."

However, the British people understood that all the blessings they received were for their own Anglo-Saxon people. Heaven entrusted the world to the Anglo-Saxon people. So, He hoped that they would save the world. However, they should have emerged as a nation for the world, but instead, they became a nation that used the world centered on their own people. If that had been the case, they would have truly made the world a Christian kingdom and would have become a leading country that could absorb Catholicism centered around Protestantism.

But they did not know the direction of God's will. As you know, countries like India were ruled by Britain for 300 years. India is a central country in Asia with one of the ancient religious cultural spheres, so if Britain had loved that country as it loved its own and educated and developed its people more than its own, it could have absorbed all the way to China.

However, Britain used India as an exploitation ground for its own people and implemented a policy that did not care if that nation perished. That is why India had an anti-British sentiment.

If Britain had started from India to Asia... If they had done that, they could have unified the entire Asian region through India and China, but they lost such a good blessing. If that had happened, they would have formed a world of unity.

When Rome failed to take responsibility, the blessing was transferred to the British people, who were enemies of Rome, and because Britain failed to take responsibility, the question arose as to where this would be transferred. However, it could not go to another place.

Thus, Christianity became an enemy, and in this ongoing conflict, ultimately, groups centered around the new thought of Christianity sought new religious freedom and united around North America to carry out independence movements, defeating Britain, and thus America finally inherited Britain's blessings.

What kind of group were the Pilgrim Fathers who came to America on the Mayflower? They were Puritans. What they wanted was to envision a nation in the name of God, a church in the name of God... They were representative groups that sought to create a nation centered on the pure will of God. They wanted to create an ideal nation.

Therefore, there should be many people who believe in Protestantism in America. Originally, they all came seeking God's will for the sake of religious freedom. They were groups that were chased away from Europe due to opposition. They came to America and, even in hardship, fought with all their lives in the name of God. They fought against the Indians, and even when there were threats from Spain or other countries, they overcame it and fought in the name of God, which is remarkable.

While establishing a national form based on the Protestant movement, this became a good foundation to receive God's blessings. Therefore, it is amazing that these people in America are all united in a super-national way. If there had been no Spain, no Indians, and no opposition from the Catholic Church, this would not have been possible.

The one thing that made it possible to unite was faith. Germans, Italians, and British were all enemies of each other, but they all became one. They united to seek new religious freedom in the name of Jesus. All nations became one in the name of God within God's will. By observing the formation of such a nation, we must understand that it became a foundation that could represent God's will and receive a historical blessing.

So where did the blessings that Britain was responsible for move? America became a representative nation that inherited the blessings representing God's will in world history in the 20th century.

Thus, America has played a leading role centered around World War I and World War II, as you know. Did you think Britain won? Without America, it would have been nothing. That is a historical fact, right? "Yes."

The responsibility that blessed America must fulfill is to protect Christianity. It must unite Christian nations. Therefore, America has the responsibility to globally expand the heavenly kingdom movement and the earthly welfare movement, which is God's will. It must understand that it has the responsibility to feed not only the fat people who are well-fed in this country but also the poor people in India, Asia, or Africa.

If they had truly loved each other as brothers, America would not be in a position of isolation in the UN today. After World War II, America completely took charge of the world. It took charge of everything. Was it not in that position? "It was."

It is America's responsibility to create a strong system centered around a global organization as a leading nation, uniting Christian nations, and strengthening the path of God's will.

With what? Unlike Britain, which has had a Christian thought until now, and unlike Rome, it must influence the world centered around a new super-national Christian thought. Unlike the Roman people and the Anglo-Saxon people of Britain...

So where should America go? It must extend its influence to all the continents and oceans... Why did they hand over all the countries occupied by Germany, such as Czechoslovakia and Poland, to the Soviet Union after World War II? Why did they give the privilege to manage all of Asia, including China, to the Soviet Union? Germany should not have been divided, and even Korea... The Soviet Union was playing around with a stick, devouring the entire world.
It is said that the United States began to decline starting in the 1960s after going through the 1950s. 

Therefore, we must recognize the reality that we are witnessing, such as the plane crash of UN Secretary-General Hammarskjöld, the assassination of President Kennedy in this country, and the rapid decline of the representative nation of the democratic world to a point where it cannot recover. 

The United States is trying to withdraw from Europe and Asia, and the idea of "divided America" is emerging... Do you think it can be done with just America? After losing the entire Pacific and Japan... Japan initiated World War II, and we must understand that it lays a good foundation for starting World War III again. 

Having lost the Mediterranean and with the Soviet fleet in the Pacific... If God had chosen the United States, wouldn’t He have made it so that it wouldn’t end up like this? Is it that God wants this to happen to a country that denies His existence, and that falls into the hands of communism? If we retreat now, where will we go? Where will this country go? 

At this time, when the Christian faith in this country is breaking down, the communists are mobilizing all those underground in the dark, concentrating a few hundred people in a small state to reclaim that state, and on the day they withdraw from the central government, the United States will collapse. This country is ridiculous. It has a dual structure. There are state governments and a central government. If the communists say that the central government is an exploitation agency, then they will be completely trapped. “There is no such government. It doesn’t exist in the world. It is a monster of democracy, the root of evil, so they are doing this.” If the communists attack, they will be consumed. If I were to lead the communists, I would immediately engage in such activities. 

Then what will happen? In this crisis, God has established a nation after 6,000 years, creating the final nation to unite the world, placing His trust and confidence in it, and yet, after all this suffering over 6,000 years to establish this country, to see it wallowing in filth, how astonished God must be! This is to Satan, to communism... I know that God hates this. 

That is why God told someone like me, Reverend Moon, “Go to America and warn them. Warn them. Whether they listen or not, warn them.” It is not that Korea is the problem. Coming to America, I have faced all sorts of insults... Who likes to be insulted? No one. That is why I am gathering you all to inject this idea and present the direction this country must take and the new national movement it must undertake. The purpose of Reverend Moon is to restore the authority of the people that can lead the world, aligning with God's original intention. There is nothing else. 

The only church that can save America and humanity is the Unification Church. Just as the first generation of the Israelite nation perished in the wilderness, but the second generation entered the land of Canaan, I believe that even if the older members of established churches oppose us, I can still guide the second generation. I believe that God will lead the second generation to bring America to the side of heaven. 

Then where will God's will go? That is the question. We must understand that God's will will go to those who oppose it. 

The established churches currently hate us the most. The America composed of established churches hates me even more than the communists do. Therefore, all the blessings... If there is a person from heaven who comes out with this historical providence, the more they are opposed, the more that field will be revealed globally, and the blessings of the world will be transferred. That is the official law. 

Look. The established churches oppose us, Americans oppose us, and even the communists oppose us. Why does the whole world hate Reverend Moon? You must understand this. According to this law... When we go to where God's will desires, no matter how much persecution intensifies, when we overcome it... The world of God's will will be entrusted to a new clan, a new nation, and a new group, and the question arises: who will inherit the blessings of that world? 

Now, there will be a group moving toward a new heavenly kingdom, a new welfare in America. If there is a group in this land of America that is moving toward a new welfare, a higher dimension of God's will, you must recognize that this group is the one that humanity must face in the future. 

What is that? It is the Unification Church. The Unification Church says, “Let the church be one! Regardless of whether it is Protestant or Catholic, abandon sects and become one.” This is what God desires most in this era. Then what kind of religion is that? It is a religion that can inherit God's will. That will is to save all of humanity, and the blessing is the blessing to be shared for the world. People with such faith are needed at this time. 

Therefore, our Unification Church is engaging in a religious movement that can inherit God's will from a historical perspective and can go to a higher dimension of a super-national world of God's will, creating one nation, one world, and offering it to God. That is what the Unification Church is. 

Would God hate black people? Would He favor white people just because they are white? If that were the case, whites would be beaten to death by yellow people and black people. The communists will use it. When Britain dominated the world, there may have been mixed races forcibly combined with Africans, but what about America now? It has been forced to become one. Why? Because it is dangerous, it has no choice but to become one. 

So what will happen in the future? We must want to become one. Freely... Without a religion that can make this happen, we cannot create one world. Do you think we can force blacks and whites to unite through political power? It cannot be done without the power of religion. That is why what Reverend Moon is doing is to create international marriages. That is something only I can do. No politician, no great person, no saint has been able to do it, but I can do it. 

Then, do you want to marry freely, or do you want to marry the person your parents choose for you, or the person your teacher chooses for you? Which one will you choose? “I will marry the person my teacher chooses.” Then they would say I am crazy. (Laughter) A random Eastern person, Reverend Moon, with a black face and insignificant appearance, why do the sons of senators and ministers gather to say they want to marry the person Reverend Moon chooses? How is that possible...? (Applause) 

We know how the providential will of God flows through the mainstream ideology, and we know that we must become a people who follow God's will and individuals who follow it, because that path is the fastest and most direct path, we transcend the issue of marriage. 

If there are those who oppose this, they are traitors to God's providence and enemies of humanity's welfare and the ideal world of unification. They are enemies of humanity. With that thought, Reverend Moon is on God's side and on the side of humanity. “Amen.” What is amen? You guys. (Applause) 

Is this possible or not? This time, when 1,800 couples were married at once, there was a lot of excitement in Japan and America, but no matter how much they try, I won’t budge. (Applause) 

If there is opposition, the children of those who opposed will all come to Reverend Moon to ask for marriage. You must understand this. (Applause) You all will feel that it is worth receiving a blessing from the teacher. Why? Because the teacher is the champion of marrying people worldwide. He has become the king of matchmakers. (Applause) 

Think about how glorious it would be to have someone like that marry you and engage you. However, that cannot continue forever. If I could do 5,000 pairs at Madison Square Garden, that would be amazing. (Applause) Since I did 1,800 pairs, I think that is no problem; anyone can do that. If someone does 5,000 pairs, I will do 7,000 pairs, and if someone does 10,000 pairs, I will do 20,000 pairs. (Applause) 

Young people really like to talk about marriage. If I say this and then go back to talk about something else, they might feel bad. 

The fact that American culture blooms in Korea after passing through Japan is God's providence. 

So where should America go now? Should it go to England, to Italy, or to Israel? Do you think it will create a kingdom in America and say, “The whole world should listen to America”? Should it stay in America or move? “It should move.” Should it go back to England? “No.” 

You must understand this. Ultimately, Christianity has come to the world through a spiritual foundation, but unlike the past, which started in Israel and went to Rome, this time, we must establish a spiritual foundation and return to Asia. We must return to Asia and unify Asia while creating a region in the Middle East. You must understand this. It will circle back. Do you understand what I mean? It must go to Asia. 

Originally, after World War II, the United States had to manage all the territories of the democratic world. But it lost everything to the Soviet Union. If it had fought back then, everything would have been lost. Because it didn’t, the United States has lost so much... It has lost individuals, families, nations, states, the world, and even the United States itself. 

You must understand that with all that loss, it has also lost the Christian ideology. Isn’t that right? “Yes.” It has lost the church, the world, and even the youth. Who is the master of America? Ford is not the master now. It is God, God. You must recognize that God is the master. Where has that master gone? Is there a place for Him? No matter where you look... Can He be in the American church? Can He be in this national family? Where is He? Due to the failure to take responsibility for all the foundations that were supposed to be in families and the world, no one knew it would end up like this. Do you understand this? “Yes.” 

Now we must have a Christian ideology that surpasses the old Christian ideology and the founding ideology, a love for God, and a patriotism that exceeds the founding ideology, and we must go on the path of God's will for all humanity. Without such a movement, there is no way for America to survive. Therefore, America must become a nation that can make up for everything that God entrusted to England and Italy and could not accomplish. America must make up for what England could not do and what Italy could not do. 

So where should America go? It must go to Asia, but should it go through the Philippines to Indochina, or should it go through Japan to Korea? It must go through the path of making up for the peninsula. It must go from the island nation to the peninsula. Why must it do so? It must make up for what England failed to do. After that, it must make up for what Italy could not do. That nation must be on God's side, not on Satan's side. The island nation and the peninsula must be on the side of heaven, not on the side of Satan. England has failed, and Italy has failed, and that must be made up for in Asia. It must take the opposite course. 

However, since the Philippines was managed by America and was American territory, it cannot be done. There may be a path to Indochina, but it cannot go to the peninsula and the relative Indochina peninsula... When considering the nation that can lead the Asian peoples, it is only the Japanese people. That is why Japan is fighting against the Anglo-American alliance. It is fighting on the side of global Satan. Japan will step onto the stage of confrontation with the Anglo-Americans. 

Japanese culture... What has Japan done for 120 years? Japanese culture has simply been transferred from Britain. It has all been transferred as is. Because it inherited British civilization, it was able to play a leading role in Asia for 120 years. Just as Italy entered Britain, it must dominate the Korean peninsula. That is why Japan attempted to dominate the entire Asian continent. Isn’t that right? “Yes.” Japan has undoubtedly become the vanguard of Asian civilization, fighting against the democratic world. That is why it fought against the enemy during World War II. 

After that, the territories Japan dominated, including Korea and China, must all be managed by the United States. If that had happened, would there be a communist party? India and all of Asia... If that had happened, the world would have been unified from that time. That is why I spoke to President Eisenhower. What did I say? During your presidency in the 1950s, when the Dalai Lama incident occurred, the entire world... When the communists made religious issues a problem, I strongly argued that we should unite all the numerous religious leaders representing the world, whether they were Buddhists, Confucianists, or Christians, and declare that the enemy of religion is communism. 

At that time, if the American government had deposited just 1 billion dollars and engaged in a global welfare movement for religion, it would have completely united the world. These issues are historical facts that have passed... The history of America does not revolve around the movements of the American people. You must understand that the fate of the nation swings based on whether or not they listen to one person's words. 

From this perspective, it concludes that a Christian culture similar to the Vatican in Italy will bear fruit on the Korean peninsula through Japan. Korea will become the contact point between Western civilization and Asian civilization. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” 

What kind of country can the Lord come to? 

Then the question arises: Where should the Lord come? If the nation of Israel and the Arab world are Abel, then the Asian world is Cain, as mentioned earlier. What is Christian civilization? Because it is a spiritual civilization, it must find the substantial form of Christian civilization in Asia, just as it expands Arab civilization. 

The Asian world was the substantial form, but having lost that substantial form, the conclusion is that it must come to Asia to find that body again. That is why the question is where to find Jesus' body. It must circle back... If you look at Jesus himself, his heart is Abel, and his body is Cain. And if the Israelite nation centered on Jesus and the Arab world of Jacob's twelve tribes are the heart form, then Asia is the body form, so where should Jesus' body appear? It must appear not in the Western civilization realm but in the Asian civilization realm. This is the providential view. 

In other words, Jesus' heart is spiritual, and his body is physical. If you think that way, the Arab world is the heart form, and Asia is the body form. Therefore, ultimately, the spiritual Christian culture must be inherited in Asia. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” 

Then where should the Lord come? Just as the historical indemnity process was carried out to indemnify 400 years of Rome for 4,000 years of history, this providential process must also go through historical indemnity.
The statement that it must appear among a single ethnicity is valid. At the same time, it is not a country that invaded others. It is a nation that has been invaded and has always been persecuted... That ethnicity is the Korean people. They have a history of 4,500 years but have never been able to invade; instead, they have endured and suffered through approximately 280 to 300 invasions. And in this era, Korea has been the battleground between the communist world and the democratic world.

So why has this happened? It is because the United States has not taken responsibility. Do you understand that? "Yes." If the established churches had welcomed the Unification Church born in Korea at that time... Who dominated everything in the established churches at that time? The missionaries dominated. If at that time the Unification Church and the established churches had united during the military government period, a global foundation that could influence the United States could have been established immediately. At that time, the Korean people were ideologically confused, and chaos was unfolding both inside and outside; it was a good chance to stabilize things with the power of religion. If only the Unification Church had been accepted then, it could have unified 45 million people at once. And the United States could have influenced Asia, and the entire communist bloc would have been under the teacher's control.

If that had happened, would the communists still exist today? If the teacher were in his 40s, he would have already laid the groundwork for a global foundation and would have been able to move freely anywhere. That global foundation should have been established, but instead, a familial foundation was laid. It is astonishing. In the Western civilization sphere, God has departed...

Religiously, the Unification Church has faced opposition from the established churches... Where is the blessing of the United States going? Why are the enemy nations, Japan and Germany, receiving blessings after World War II? It is because the United States has not been able to take responsibility, and God is playing a game of transferring blessings. Why are Germany and Japan, which were enemies of the United States and Britain, receiving blessings after World War II? (The recording briefly cuts out) 

Although the established churches opposed the Unification Church, they received the blessings of faith, the blessings of God through faith. The Unification Church received spiritual training and trials from the established churches, but still, the only place where the name of Christianity remains in the world is Korea. Do you believe that? "Yes."

So the teacher has been working until the second 7-year course... This is over. Centering on spirit and flesh, he has been integrating all the historical failures of all nations and fighting to connect national standards and global standards based on the first and second 7-year courses.

Why do we Unification Church members live? Why do we work in the Unification Church? For God's will and for the world! This is a common conclusion. Next, for humanity! 

In the historical era, we have observed and learned about all the nations that have failed in God's will. Now we must not fail and perish, so let us become a religion that serves God and humanity from this perspective! Then we will not perish! This is our view.

We are public beings. Reverend Moon is the same. I am a representative who serves God and humanity. I understand myself as a public being. Can a public being say, "Oh, I'm hungry, so let's eat first"? Can they say, "I want to play, so I'll do that first"? No, they cannot. "I can't sleep, so I'll sleep first." That doesn't work. Forget about eating, dressing, sleeping, and playing, and focus on God and humanity... This is the life philosophy of Reverend Moon of the Unification Church. How about you?

Making money, working, sweating, even going to the bathroom, everything is public. You must understand this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." So what is Reverend Moon trying to do? He is trying to correct the historical mistakes made by Cain, Ham, Abraham, Moses, and John the Baptist. Because they made mistakes, the conditions for indemnity were not established, and we must rectify that. This is what we are doing.

Who should take responsibility for that? Hasn't everyone failed until now? Even if the teacher enters a position like Jacob or goes through the suffering path like Moses, even now in America, it is the same. No matter what happens, what I must do is to establish the condition for indemnity before I die. That is my philosophy. Therefore, I must go to prison; I must go to prison. I must indemnify what Jesus bore on the cross by going to prison. This is what I am saying. Even the thieves, the one on the right, the one on the left, and Barabbas, all the ridicule they faced must be indemnified.

All religious people, of course, even if non-religious people oppose it, must go. Even if the king or representative of a nation representing the side of Satan opposes it, we must go. That is the path I have walked.

You who have entered the Unification Church today see the current facts of the Unification Church and say, "Ah, that kind of teacher." But what is hidden behind the teacher is something no one knows. Until now, you have not known. Your position is not that of a Unification Church member. You are far from becoming a Unification Church member. 

This applies to individuals. The Unification Church is in the era of individual indemnity, family indemnity, tribal indemnity, national indemnity, and world indemnity, and you must realize that you are staying in one area. You know that better than anyone.

What has God been doing for the past 6,000 years? What is God trying to do? To recreate! To recreate. So who should we start the recreation with? We must start with Adam. Before God created Adam, who was there? The archangel was there. When God created, the angelic world existed. Then He created all things and then created humans.

So where did all things fall from? Because of humans, because humans could not take responsibility... So before restoring humanity, who must be restored first? The archangel must be restored. According to the principle of creation, who was created first? The angel, right? Then comes humanity. This is the history of Cain and Abel.

Therefore, what is God's will? It is to create angels. Until the Messiah comes, it is the history of creating angels. This must be understood. Thus, it is inherited and transferred to the world of Adam. Creating a personal angelic world to inherit to a personal Abel, creating a family angelic world to inherit to a family Abel, then creating a national Cain world and establishing a national Abel to restore through indemnity. This is what we are doing. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

So what is the nation of Israel? What is the chosen people? It is the angelic world in substance. It does not oppose God but is a nation that supports God, which is the standard of the angelic world. Therefore, when Jesus, the center of the nation, comes, the angels must cooperate with Jesus. Just as the angels cooperated when God created heaven and earth, the nation of Israel must cooperate when creating individuals, families, tribes, and nations. Thus, it will be found.

We must recreate Jesus. The angels must cooperate in the creation. We must complete the individual, complete the family, complete the tribe, and complete the nation and state. Thus, the creation of the angelic world will end, and the creation of Adam, Eve, and the world will end. Through grafting... Do you understand that?

Why have heavenly people had to serve as slaves before the world of Satan until now? It is because we must recreate; because Adam made a mistake and lost, we must find this. We must create the archangel. We must save the archangel. Abel has sacrificed until now to save Cain... And only when the archangel obeys can Adam's position be restored. The archangel must completely serve Adam and become one with Adam for the position of the unfallen Adam to be restored. This is the principle. Do you understand clearly? "Yes."

So until now, religion has been about sacrificing for the world. Therefore, Abel has no place if he cannot restore the archangel and Cain. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." If we find the archangel, the archangel will cooperate, and Adam will be restored. This is because the fall did not allow cooperation. The fall occurred because of opposition. It starts from the individual to the family... 

If Jesus had married the daughter of the high priest at that time, what would have happened?

So what has the 6,000-year history, the history of Christianity, been about? It has been about creating a global archangel and a global Adam. Christianity is at the level of the spiritual archangel.

Now is the time to move from national standards to global standards.

So, what is our Unification Church trying to do? Since we are spiritual archangels, we must first become spiritual Adams. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Until now, our Unification Church has faced opposition from the established churches, but we have worked hard to save them. In the future, not just the first generation but the second generation will all come in. Although Jesus lost his physical body in the first phase, in the second phase, we believe that the physical body can be found. 

So, the second generation... We will select a few representatives from all denominations in the United States. Everyone must come in here. More than twelve denominations must come in. More than thirty-six denominations must come in. Various denominations from various countries must come in. Will they come in or not? "They will come in." Here, there will be all kinds of people, all kinds of denominations...

What does this mean? After you have indemnified everything spiritual, you must walk the path of indemnifying the physical and establishing a global foundation. Therefore, the teacher has come to America, the global center of Christianity, to expand the spiritual foundation from national standards to global standards, extending the 3-year course to achieve indemnity and restoration. 

This year, you will take the second generation and connect the physical standards of Korea with the world. Therefore, America must go through Japan to reach Korea, and we must go to Japan to indemnify what you could not go to and then go to Korea to indemnify. This is what the International Mobile Corps is doing.

Therefore, the path that the United States could not take responsibility for, which is centered on spirit and flesh, has been opened to connect to Asia. The United States must manage all of Asia through Japan, but since it could not do that, now, centered on God's will, we must leave that foundation, even if only religiously.

On June 7 of this year, people from 60 countries gathered in Korea for a rally of 1.2 million, centered on the nation and the people, establishing a banner of victory centered on substance. Now, if we connect the 3-year course to the world, including the United States, we believe that America can advance as a new place of hope centered on spirit and flesh. This is the providential view.

Just as Korea succeeded and had such influence, by holding three nationwide rallies at Madison Square Garden, Yankee Stadium, and Washington, we will realize the victorious results that Korea had on American soil. Thus, we believe that we can establish a global center and open a new path.

When that happens, there will be no one who does not know Reverend Moon. (Applause) Whether the rumors are good or bad, everyone will know. Then we can break through. (Applause) Whether NBC opposes it, whether members of Congress or senators oppose it, or whether there is a movement to expel Reverend Moon, we will go forward.

Now, think about what will happen then. What will happen? There are two possibilities. Either the teacher will die and the Unification Church will completely fail, or we will succeed and become a global issue. Those are the only two paths. The Unification Church will either fail and disappear or prosper globally... (Applause)

You guys, if the teacher dies, will you all run away? "No." That's right. It could happen. Are you better than the disciples of Jesus? "Yes." Then there is hope for you too. (Applause) God created a Christianity that could govern and move the world with the disciples who betrayed the dead Jesus, so why can't I create disciples who will not betray even if I die?

Therefore, the world moves through our hands. This is decisive. So when we think about this, we realize that being opposed is not a bad thing... Now, we have understood that. Fundraising, selling peanuts, and selling flowers may feel unpleasant... (He makes a face. Laughter) Look. Rich people do not buy. Those with money do not buy, but poor people do buy. If they buy, they get caught in those conditions and cannot come back. God is making it so that they do not buy, in order to bring everyone back. By not buying, they will all come back; if they buy, they cannot come back. (Applause)

Therefore, the teacher goes to prison... Therefore, even when the Japanese government opposes, I think about that regarding the Japanese government, and when the communists oppose or the Korean government opposes, I have that mindset, and even today, when the democratic world opposes, it is the same... Look, it is a confrontation of strength. What does that mean? If you hit someone who is innocent, you must pay damages many times over. The blessings of heaven and the motivation for the Unification Church to develop lie here.

Jesus knew this, so he could pray, "I will at least have compassion for those poor people who are losing everything." I think that is magnanimity. The teacher is now gathering all these blessings; what am I doing? I do not keep them. I return them with interest. People are spiritual beings, so they understand in their hearts. Do you understand that? "Yes."

The Responsibility of Unification Church Members and the Teacher's Mission

Now, let us conclude. Time has passed, so let us conclude. What has God been doing for 6,000 years? He has been restoring the historical archangel and the historical Adam. So what is the global archangel? In front of the Unification Church, it is the established church. I think of you as the embodiment of that archangel. I believe that Unification Church members are the embodiment. In other words, they are the resurrected body.

The spiritual archangel and the substantial archangel have united. Even if those people do not listen, if you oppose them, you can inherit that blessing, so the historical... If you are opposed by global Christianity, you can achieve the substantial realm that can rise to the global level. Isn't that right? "Yes."

Since it is the realm of Israel centered on spirit and flesh, when we create from 60 countries to 120 countries, and when it grows from 6 million to 12 million, the world will be in our hands. There is no problem. I will do it in the not-so-distant future. (Applause)

In that sense, you are the archangel type that has resurrected globally, representing both the spiritual and physical worlds. Thus, centered on the teacher... In the past, the archangel was Adam...
You are cooperating with the teacher for the cooperation that you could not provide. The archangel is doing the cooperation that he could not do. You need to cooperate with the teacher to restore what Adam could not do. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." There is a historical mission in this. Although you may not want to see it, this is all the beauty of the heavenly kingdom. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

You are the embodiment of the restored archangel. You are to subdue Satan and, instead of supporting the Satan who has made God suffer for 6,000 years, you are to support God and work for Him as the restored archangel. That is why we need to subdue Satan, liberate God, and liberate Adam. What are you? "We are the archangels." And what will you do next? You will liberate God, and then you will liberate Adam. The teacher's responsibility is to liberate God and liberate all of humanity. It is different. Do you understand what I mean? 

The teacher himself cannot do it alone. It cannot be done without you. Without the teacher, you cannot do anything. Do you understand? "Yes."

Then who is the master? According to the principle of creation, who is the master? "Adam." Adam. Therefore, if the teacher is in the position of Adam, you must absolutely obey the teacher's words. This does not mean exploiting you. It is absolutely about giving everything. That is the principle.

Now, who should be liberated? "God." Next? "Adam." Have I been liberated in America? "No." We are still fighting fiercely. If America can be liberated, the world can be saved in an instant. The teacher will do that. Do you understand? "Yes."

So what is the teacher's mission? It is to stitch together everything that has historically failed, to patch it up, and then what do we do? We apply butter and paint it over to make it look like it has not been patched, and offer it all to God. There is no responsibility other than that.

I am not someone who wants to be the President of the United States. The eternal, undying God must rule. The eternal, undying God must rule this world. It is not the teacher who does it.

I am not saying that I want to be the President of the United States or the President of the world. I am going to die. God must be the sovereign. It does not matter who God brings to carry out this movement and teach it. Now, do you understand that? 

You have learned about the archangel, right? I am a representative who bears global responsibility. Understand that I bear global responsibility. The Communist Party is in my hands... It is not the teacher who fights; it is you who must fight. Since this is about communism, you, the archangels on God's side, must fight and win. Do you understand? "Yes." The teacher does not take responsibility for this. If you do not do this, the teacher's path will be blocked. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." That is why the Communist Party is in my hands! 

To do that, you must work harder than the Communist Party. Do you understand? "Yes." On the day you do that, the Communist Party will retreat before us.

Now, who should save the established church? "We should." That is not the teacher's job; it is your job. That is why I try not to appear as much as possible. I appear because I cannot help it. Do you understand? "Yes." So after the Yankee Stadium event and after the Washington event, there will be no need for the teacher to hold any more events. After that, do not be concerned about me. The next tasks are yours. Why is that? Because you must fulfill the three stages of restoration, growth, and completion in this country. Do you understand?

Because you are in the position of the archangel, you must recreate Eve, meaning you must save Eve, and you must save Adam. The fallen archangel caused Eve to fall and caused Adam to fall, but you must restore Adam and recreate Eve. Therefore, you must find six people. Since it is the restoration of Adam's family, you must find six people. So when you get married, you will become eight people, and that will be the restored Adam's family. Only then will heaven bless you. You must become greater than the Adam before the fall to reach the completion stage. That means you can rise to the position of God's sons and daughters. That is the principle. Do you understand or not? "I understand." 

Should we evangelize or not? "We should." I am a woman, so I cannot speak... That is not acceptable. The principle is like that, right? So, should we evangelize or not? "We should."

That is why Jesus took three disciples to the Garden of Gethsemane. It is about creating a family of eight. Jesus did the same. You cannot be worse than Jesus. Do you understand? "Yes."

The teacher is the same. Once you reach the growth stage, you only need to follow the teacher. The teacher bears global responsibility. We must save all of humanity. It is not just the Korean people. We are now declaring a proclamation to save the peoples of the world. If there are problems in America over the next three years, many missionaries will face problems worldwide. What will Reverend Moon do in the next three years? He will have a seminary, a comprehensive university, a newspaper, and he will do everything in America. He will have a bank. He will own all businesses.

There is Rockefeller in America, but let’s see about Rockefeller. I do not think I am a man inferior to Rockefeller. There are families blessed by heaven that surpass that. When I went to the Vatican and saw St. Peter's Basilica, I thought that during the Middle Ages, as Christianity declined and became problematic, I could build something greater with gold. 

If you only listen to my words, you can do it. Whose property is all the property of the members of the Unification Church? Whose money is that? Whose property is that of the members of the Unification Church? It is God's, right? "Yes." Then where does it go? Since Adam lost it, it must return to God through the True Parents who are coming. 

If this person is a thief, it would be a big problem, right? (Laughter) But that is not the case. 

I will return it 100 percent. I will bless it hundreds of times and then share it again. Don’t you think like this too? “Oh, if a volcano erupts.” If the world unites around us, “That volcano is not made of dirt but of gold veins.” That could happen. Do you know where the veins are? If that happens, would we build something like the Vatican only with gold? When you hear this... that could be possible. 

You must become the ones who create the ideal partners and restore the material world. The teacher has not done normal work until now. He has done what others could not do. That is why I have such thoughts. Believe it! Believe it! Believe it! "Yes."

So, even if we are not there, even if we face opposition, even if we die... (Applause) Then, where is there a person as fearsome as us? You must understand that there is no one more fearsome than God. In that sense, the teacher feels... Are you feeling good or bad? "Good." If you think and practice the abnormal, that is victory.

So you must create Adam and Eve. You must create Adam and Eve with your own hands. 

Not only that, but women must also create their husbands, and men must create their wives. Isn’t that right? "That’s right." Therefore, even if you give a husband who is like a lump of clay and a wife, you must make them. You must create the ideal partners. Is that correct? "Yes." If a black man marries a black woman, what should he do? He must create them as ideal partners. 

In that sense, the teacher also brought the mother and carried out the history of recreation. The mother also recreated me as an ideal husband... It is the same. Even if I sometimes make it difficult (gestures), if the mother says "Ding," it is a failure. If that happens, there will still be materials left to recreate, so pressure must be applied to create.

What is the ideal partner? The man I created and the woman I created are the ideal partners. Just as God created Adam and Eve to live together, we live by recreating them. Only then can God create the ideal. If He creates everything, what... You must create it yourself. Only then can you have ideal partners, ideal couples, ideal Adam and Eve, and an ideal family. If you create it yourself and can live together like this...

If Adam does this, Eve will say, "Hey, you cannot do that!" and pull him along, and if Eve does this, Adam will say, "Hey, you cannot do that. You must do as God says!" They will adjust to each other... Do you understand? "Yes."

Do you think your mother is good-looking or not? Let’s ask. "I think she is good-looking." Look. When she first got married, she was just a little girl who didn’t know anything... At that time, there were many women who graduated from university and had doctoral qualifications. They were all proud. Only when you are humble can you create freely and listen well. "In every way, the husband is higher, and I am nothing." Only then can you raise them as you wish. 

You must recreate. That is why the mother is grateful for the teacher. (Applause)

So, after restoring the archangel, restoring Adam and Eve, and restoring your partner, what should you do next? You must seek the material, the material world. And you must seek people and the world. Why do you do fundraising? It is about creation and recreation. Just as God created from nothing... That is recreation. When God created heaven and earth, did He say, "Oh, I need to eat and live"? Did He not create for Adam and Eve, for humanity? Now, the money I earn is for humanity. It is just like God. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." How serious must God have been when He created all things?

What is evangelism? It is creating Adam and Eve. I am doing it in place of God. Who takes responsibility? Since I have fallen, I must take responsibility. Since I have sinned, I must take responsibility; the father cannot take responsibility instead.

If you have sinned, and your father goes to court to take on your sins, will that work?

Who does the recreation? It is not God who does it; it is I who do it. I must earn what I need to live. Furthermore, I must feed all of humanity. I must save the people of the world. That is the history of recreation. What should we do next? Since God is bound, we must liberate God. Shouldn’t we do that? It happened because of Adam... We must liberate God. In other words, we must create the ideal God with our own hands. That is recreation.

To the young people here, if you have the eyes of recreation, you should first see God, and then see your ideal partner. You should not look elsewhere. Do you agree? "Yes." 

“Oh, my face is pretty, so I hope some top billionaire in America falls for me.” So you paint yourself like this... If you catch a top billionaire, that would be good... That is all wrong. You must become someone who the coming Messiah can like, someone whom Adam can like. Do you understand? "Yes."

What mission does the teacher have? I am the representative of global indemnity and restoration. There is nothing else. That is why I come all the way to America to do this. After that, it will be to the communist world... Do you understand? "Yes." 

So what do we want to do? If you embody the teacher's ideology, you will...

Men must become the Messiah of men, and women must become the Messiah of women. 

Human beings in this world are men and women. Isn’t that right? "Yes." If you pull one man, all the men of the world must come along, and if you pull one woman, all the women of the world must come along. That is what Adam and Eve represent. Such people are blessed by God in the Unification Church wedding. Do you understand? "Yes." 

That is why when you say "my man," you must think that all the men of the world are included in your man. When I die, I think everyone dies. When I live, I think everyone lives.

The term "restoration of the Garden of Eden" refers to the "restoration of Adam and Eve," but are Adam and Eve just two? They are countless. It is about establishing the conditions of a global representative. Through those conditions... The tears I shed are the tears of all humanity, and the joy I feel is the joy of all humanity. What does that mean? Just as Adam shed tears when he did not fulfill God's will, when I do not fulfill it... When I fulfill it, I can rejoice, and that is why humanity rejoices.

When looking at the whole, the eye is one, the ear is one, and the body is one. That is the kind of thinking I have. Even if I sleep, I think I am sleeping on behalf of billions of men at this time, and even if I eat, I eat for all of humanity, and even when I speak, I have this thought. At that time, I can know that God is with me. Such a person is a public subject.

For the public world and for something greater... When I am insulted, it is for all people, and when I walk the path of indemnity, it is also for all people... That is how it is. If I pull out one hair, I think all the men of the world will say, "Ouch, ouch!" I think there is only Adam and Eve.

That is why a man thinks, "I am the Messiah of all men in the world!" If that happens, I become the standard. A woman also thinks, "I am the female Messiah representing all women!" If that happens, all people in the world must follow the path I take. If those two couples embrace and go, they must follow along. This is the restoration of Adam and Eve. So, we must unite this male Messiah and female Messiah, and the Lord who will guide them is coming. He will come and say, "Oh God! Please release all grievances, release all limits of humanity's indemnity and restoration, for your sons and daughters you have been searching for are here." That is the history of recreation.

From this perspective, those who have come into the Unification Church until now and have said, "I have been here for several years," and have done all sorts of things, will now clearly know what level they are at without having to say it based on these principles. Am I in the personal era? Am I in the tribal era? Am I in the national era, the world era? Am I fighting to fulfill the messianic mission representing personal men and personal women, while holding the world in one hand and confronting my life against Satan? You will surely know that well.

You need the conditions of indemnity, which is why the teacher must come. So what must we do? We must carry out such operations. We must create such individuals at any time. When you go to the spirit world, that is how it is. You create one great man... and all the people of the world are included in that. God will be there among them. All humans will become cells of God... 

In the historical process, we have been carrying out personal restoration, family restoration, and global restoration.
What I am saying is that it was to lay the foundation for the restoration of Adam and Eve. Therefore, to summarize the overall conclusion, it is to create representative forms of the male Messiah and the female Messiah. That is the ultimate conclusion of the restoration providence. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Now that you know this, you cannot complain. You have to work even at night without sleeping, and if you have time to play, you should work instead and recreate. If God does not rest and Satan does not rest, can you complain? Also, once you know that this path is the right one, there is nowhere else to go. If you go out, you will come back in less than a few months anyway. 

If we unite transcending nations centered around the Unification Church, world unification will unfold, and ultimately, Korea is now a global issue. In the communist world... Korea and Germany, these two places that are divided are in a position similar to the head and tail of the Western and Eastern hemispheres. This is the current situation of Korea and Germany. There are only these two places. The places where the communist world and the democratic world are divided... 

One here is the nation of Adam, and the other is the nation of the archangel. Korea and West Germany are divided horizontally, and one is divided vertically. One is divided east and west, and the other is divided north and south. This must be unified into one in order to ultimately digest the communist world. To create one, we need a subjective cultural sphere and a subjective power that can absorb the communist world. (Recording briefly interrupted) 

Here, life is threatened and forced to be governed, but here, liberation of life is given, and the right to freedom is... Reverend Moon may force you to work to the point of death, but are you doing this because you are listening to my words? It is not for the church. It is not for the teacher. I am doing this to recreate myself. Therefore, you should rather be grateful to the church and grateful to God. I should not be in debt. Because I should not be in debt, I am doing this to become a person who repays debts and rather imposes debts on others. 

Look at the teacher. Does the teacher work harder than you? "Yes, he does." Even though there is opposition from all sides, if you put your mind to it and pay attention, you will die; you cannot survive. You will die... Because you know this principle, you are told to do so. But are you in a position to complain about this or that? Can you complain, or not? "No." 

I wonder if there are people here who are seeing the teacher for the first time. Centered on this new historical view, we must discover the amazing fact that we are going as a group that can align with the historical direction that God is taking. 

That is why I believe the Unification Church will develop significantly in Japan and Germany. Because the enemy receives blessings, if enemies unite, America will not perish. The fact that we are loyal to the nation of our enemies is an astonishing fact. From the perspective of the teacher, Japan is Korea's enemy. Germany is also God's enemy in terms of World War II. They are the teacher's enemies. 

However, centered around the teacher, the Japanese can unite, the Germans can unite, and this America can unite with the enemy nation... That is why such a game becomes possible. Sending missionaries who are Americans, Japanese, and Germans together is to establish the condition of uniting centered around the teacher. You must understand that this is the purpose of this game. 

Moreover, appointing missionaries from Germany, Japan, and America is because they are all enemies to me. This America is also a nation of enemies from a faith perspective because it is a Christian nation. It is the representative nation of established Christianity. By doing this, we are trying to integrate the fact that God's fortune has been yielded to the enemy. We are trying to integrate it in any way possible. Is that right or not? "That's right." This is not done for no reason. It is to establish the condition of indemnity... 

The Israelite people, the three disciples Peter, James, and John, could not unite among their own people and betrayed Jesus, but if today the transnational three disciples unite centered around Reverend Moon without opposition, the origin of world historical unification will emerge from here. Therefore, when Korea, Japan, America, and Germany unite, the world will return to God's will, and this conclusion is established here. Now, is that possible? "Yes." 

Then, to whom will the world be entrusted in the future? To what nation or group will the world be entrusted within God's will? In this way, if we unite transcending nations and take responsibility for all global purposes and God's will, I believe that God will entrust all things in the world to this Unification Church centered around these four countries. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Centered around God, centered around Adam, when the original archangels, Lucifer, Michael, and Gabriel unite in the form of a bride, and finally create a national form on the earth, unification will be completed. All of this is enmity. Because they have fallen, Adam and Eve are enemies, Eve and the archangel are enemies, and God is an enemy to all. This nation of enemies must unite. It was so at the time of the fall. Is that right? "Yes." This is what we are doing. 

Then you will know how much of the world is left before us. How much of the world is left? How much will remain in history? When there is a national impact on Korea, a national impact on Japan, a national impact on America, and a national impact on Germany, it means that the world is not far off. 

Now is a serious and precious time; we must fight with all our might. So what do we want to do in America for three years? When we achieve victory in America, Korea can also achieve national victory, Japan can achieve national victory, and Germany can achieve national victory, all at once raising the victorious foundation to a global level. Is that right? "Yes." From now on, the three-year period is a time of struggle where the world is in turmoil. 

This period, which marks the 200th anniversary of the founding of America, is a time to indemnify the 2000-year history and draw a line in the 20-year history of the Unification Church. It is here that we will determine victory or defeat. That period is the three-year course. This three-year course of restoring the reality of the world corresponds to the three-year course of the reality of the Jewish nation centered on Jesus. Do you understand? "Yes." 

You may not know how serious the teacher is. If we do not turn this tide, the path of the democratic world will be bleak. By centering around 360 people from 120 countries and establishing this external foundation and solidifying the internal foundation, we can pave the way for a global foundation. Now is the time of the fiercest final war in God's 6000-year history. That is why we are carrying out this work by putting American youth at the forefront. 

If we do this, then... Europe is Cain. I went to Europe this time and said this. I commanded them, "In three years, I will support you, so prepare to accept this within three years." I was quite concerned about Germany, but because there is a hopeful direction, I specially instructed that this time. 

Then what position are you in now? You must realize that you are in a position similar to that of Jesus crossing Golgotha during his three-year course. No matter how heavy the cross becomes, you must have the conviction that you will not die and will overcome this three-year course; this is the mission of our Unification Church. Whether viewed from a historical mission, the principle of indemnity and restoration, or the history of recreation, when we see that all these conclusive standards align, you must understand how serious and precious this time is. 

Now you must conduct a mobilization movement as representatives of the Messiah. Do you understand? "Yes." Let us go out with all our might, with all our strength. Who among you can raise your hand and say, "I will manage it"? Now, we must resolve to do so. The reason I am touring this time is to carry out such a stabilizing operation in America and to prepare for this. That is why I am making a special tour. Therefore, I have planned the tour course to go to places like scenic spots where many people have interest, to pray and do all this. Even if you do not know... It is to establish spiritual conditions. It is to establish spiritual conditions... 

Now that we have understood this historical perspective, and we know what our position is and what we must do, I will conclude with the hope that we will become victorious sons and daughters of God. 

Regarding Economic Activities 

I will say a word about economic activities to you. Currently, Europe and America are in a confrontation, and anyone who enters the church must engage in economic activities, evangelistic activities, and pioneering activities. I have heard reports that I am also engaging in activities in Europe that do not lose to those in America. 

Let’s see a show of hands for those who graduated from college. Next, those who dropped out? And those who could not go to college, those who graduated from high school? 

Economic activities, evangelistic activities, and pioneering activities are training methods of the Unification Church. 

As I mentioned yesterday, God's ideal is to live happily with those He has created. You are the same. Now, the teacher is thinking about how to establish a university within three years. 

Now, to create a university, we must significantly develop CARP (Collegiate Association for the Research of Principles) during these three years. If our CARP membership reaches ten thousand, we can transfer all at once. And in the future, I plan to graduate all of you from university. (Applause) 

Then who will build the school? "We will!" We must build it. Therefore, to establish a university in these three years, we need to deposit at least five million to ten million dollars. We must prepare for that. 

Then we will create a scholarship system, and since we have our mission headquarters worldwide, we can conduct national exams to automatically gather excellent students. And in the future, many members will emerge throughout America. In the future, we will expand the number of people engaged in fundraising and economic activities as much as possible, aiming for about ten thousand people. We must do this within three years. 

Then what will happen in the future? Now there is a church organization and an economic activity organization, and then we will create a victory activity organization to establish a three-part organizational system. Therefore, anyone who joins the Unification Church must engage in economic activities for one year, then evangelistic activities for one year, and then undergo training and engage in pioneering activities for one and a half to two years. 

If a person does these three things, what can they do? They can solve their own economic problems, and since they will come into contact with many people while evangelizing, they will be able to analyze people's psychology at a glance and be able to improvise in all situations. Moreover, because they will be skilled in these areas, ultimately, their diplomatic skills will increase. The third point is that they will gain the ability to lead others. This is the conclusion that arises. If they do just these three things, they can become leaders wherever they go, in any place. 

We are trying to specialize and divide the activity departments. 

Currently, in economic activities, we are conducting a nationwide movement to surpass the standard of twelve thousand dollars, and about 25 people have surpassed ten thousand dollars. 

Why do we need to engage in such activities? In each church across the nation, if there are ten people, all ten are fundraising and earning several thousand dollars a month, but that is not enough. At this time when we need a large number of people, it is quite a waste. Some people earn 18 dollars, 20 dollars, or 30 dollars a day. That is not enough. We must set the standard ten times higher. What does that mean? It means that one person must do the work of ten people. 

Looking at the 50 states, on average, each church spends five thousand dollars. So, even if we send one person, they can take responsibility and do it, right? By doing this, they can become specialists and increase the number of technicians from one to two, from two to three, thus acquiring vast economic resources. Even with 50 people, we can operate the church, yet we are currently investing hundreds of people into this. 

Seeing this trend... Therefore, we want to reduce the number of people and train the remaining individuals to become useful figures. That is why we are strengthening the education system... This is how we are proceeding. 

In the future, excellent individuals in economic activities from the 50 states will become economic leaders and create a separate organization that is not subject to the district leader's interference to strengthen it. Then, the excellent individuals here will become local leaders... Now we must strengthen this organizational structure. And we must formalize these economic activities. Just as we set a standard for shooting a gun and practice shooting, we will also set a standard for economic activities and let the excellent individuals do it as they see fit. There is no other way. 

Now, everyone! To operate a large university, we must budget ten million dollars a year. To implement all these vast plans, we must earn more than thirty million dollars a month. Only then can we lay the foundation to influence America and all of the Americas in the future. 

We currently have a solid spiritual foundation, and we also have traditions. There is no doubt that we will develop, but what is needed for development? The economic issue becomes a problem. In that sense, since you are at the forefront, you must become national representatives in the future. Therefore, after two or three years of activities, they will find their path... If they want to specialize in economic activities, they will separate out, and then we will think about specializing in evangelistic activities or mobile unit activities, etc., to divide the departments. 

In this way, if you have abilities in church activities and economic activities, you will be sent to the economic specialty field, and if you have abilities in evangelism, you will be sent to the diplomatic field. Then, if you have been responsible for the principle teachings or church leadership, we will educate you in that field to create global leaders. Furthermore, we will use those who graduate from our schools. 

To seize the global economic sphere, we must have a global organizational foundation. 

Therefore, how do we seize the global economic sphere? Next, how do we move the global university community? Next, how do we... In these three areas, we can move the world. Don't you think so? "We think so." Therefore, we must earn money. In the future, who will seize the global economic sphere? It is not the countries with raw materials. It is not the producing countries. Even countries like America... As you know, regarding the oil issue, when the world collides, the producing countries are completely in control. What follows is that underdeveloped countries, consuming countries, and countries that are merely markets cannot seize the global economic sphere. 

These countries must form a community system; otherwise, a time will come in the not-too-distant future.
people are going to be the ones who will lead the world. I know that God loves me. I know that God loves you too. This is the time when we need to establish a historical tradition. 

So, think about it. Even though you are small, if you think, "Ah, if I do this, I can build an ideal home within a few years," you can all plan accordingly. When you engage in economic activities, you can see how much income you can generate and what kind of house you can buy within a few years. Do you understand? 

In that sense, the fact that I am making you engage in economic activities is quite remarkable. You, as Westerners, are working hard to earn money, while an unexpected Eastern person is spending it all, and yet you don't doubt it. This is strange. You need to recognize that there has never been a historical event like this. When this develops, something unprecedented will happen in the world. It is possible.

Look, can the Western organizations or countries like the United States, Germany, the UK, or Japan establish traditions without me? No, they cannot. I will be 70 years old in 15 years. If we don't establish this tradition by then, there will be significant trouble.

So, if we raise you to be active on the global stage and establish you as global leaders, since you will inherit the tradition centered on me, from then on, the tradition will be established, and the world will move toward a single purpose. This is not for me; it is for you and your descendants.

Therefore, take advantage of me quickly. Do you understand? Think about how busy I will be trying to establish a global tradition in 15 years. Everything in America must be settled within these three years. There is no time to waste beyond that.

After that, we need to create central countries in Europe, South America, and Asia. We need to think about all six continents. We must lay this foundation and move the world. In the next 15 to 20 years, with the immense power, political influence, and economic strength of the world’s nations, we can achieve what was previously thought impossible. We need to consider how much blessing and benefit this will bring to humanity.

If we do it for three years on each of the six continents, that makes 18 years, right? While people in America are saying, "Let’s expel Reverend Moon from America," I will be leaving anyway. 

If I choose someone and say, "I will make this person a global figure," can I do it? Yes, I can. That is the truth. Some may say, "Oh, I graduated from college, but what is a flower seller or a peanut seller?" But doing what others cannot do is what makes it great. Reverend Moon is not different; he does what others cannot do. Young people in America listen to Reverend Moon's words. They are willing to follow Reverend Moon, who may not even look handsome, and are ready to die for it. 

Think about how much thought I have put into this. While doing this, how much have I thought about it? I have thought of everything that you can reach with your minds. Have you ever been in a situation where the world was against you and it was a matter of life and death? No, you haven't. But I have played that game my whole life. 

If there is a better way for humanity to be good and happy, I would have already packed my bags and moved there. No matter how much I think about it, there is no other way. I have come to this conclusion through deep thought and prayer, seeing through the spiritual world. That is why I am walking this path. I believe this is the best path in the world. However, it is also the hardest.

So, if you understand this and smoothly overcome the guidance and training in the church, you will become a global figure. I know that God loves me.
When I see these faces coming in, I think they can be quite useful if they grow them out. Speaking in terms of a ball, it needs to have elasticity. You should know that if you press down and then release, it will bounce back up. That's why it's hopeful. If you just hit well, it can be a home run. (Applause) So, everyone, you should not hesitate at all in doing fundraising.

The human spirit is truly frightening. Even now, there are many times when I want to enter a serious state. It takes a considerable amount of time to reach that state alone. However, when you are in a position to confront Satan, you can enter it immediately. That shows how much the spirit... Mental unity can only be achieved in two ways: either by receiving control or by exercising control.

Now, we are being pushed by the teacher, opposed in the church, and opposed in society, which is truly ideal. This is the highest level of mental unity. So, let’s break through this! Let’s break through! There is no training like this during training. Think about it; if you have trained for three to seven years, if a young man has been going around a state for seven years, when he runs for Congress in the future, he will be elected immediately. (Applause)

For those who are new here, they might think, "Oh, what is this Unification Church...?" (Laughter) While you are sitting here, if you think about doing economic activities in the East, you need to train. When I first came to America and created a mobilization team and sat them down to talk, I saw that two-thirds of them were just frowning. (Laughter) Now, they are getting closer to the East without that feeling. So, this kind of training in the Unification Church is applicable anywhere in the West, in any part of America... People should know how to sit without chairs. Even monkeys can sit without chairs; we should be better than monkeys. Do monkeys use chairs? Monkeys can sit without chairs.

How many people here sleep lying down? Raise your hands if you sleep like that. Let me see how many there are. If you sleep like that, you need to train to sleep like this. You should learn to sleep straight... If you go to the East and three people sleep like that in a room, they will think they are all dead. (Laughter) I sleep like this, but I trained to sleep like this. If I sleep like this in the West... I can't sleep without a pillow. I have trained for all of that. A person should be able to adapt anywhere. When you are with singers, you should be able to sing. When joking and laughing, you should be able to do that too. When friends meet, what is this? (Expressing with body language) If you can act like you’ve known each other for ten years when you first meet, you become friends in no time. At that time, you just... (Laughter) I thought there must be something in this wallet, and I checked if it was true, and yes, it was right... That’s a joke.

To test a person, you do the opposite action. You sneak into someone’s room and open their secret drawer. Then you look for the key. You check everything like the closet or the desk. When they ask, "What are you looking for?" you say, "What do you mean? I’m looking for a key." Even though you know they have the key, you pretend to look for it. Then you get caught. It’s funny because you are looking for something that is already in your wallet. That’s how it becomes a joke. If you keep looking more, when they ask, "What are you doing?" you say, "I’m looking for a key." When they ask, "What key?" you say, "That key over there." When they ask, "Why?" you say, "I thought there must be something there, so I wanted to check." If you say that while laughing, they will tell you, "Oh, it’s in my wallet." Then you say, "Oh, really?" and you grab it. Then you become friends. I can take someone who has been a close friend for 20 years away in just two months. I’ve trained for this kind of thing too.

If you set a plan, you need to know that training and strategy are necessary to achieve that plan. So, do we need training or not? "We need it." At that time, you go out to work without your glasses. A person who always wears glasses goes out without them. When you always wear glasses and then go out without them, people will immediately take an interest when they realize you are not wearing them. It’s all about strategy... The same goes for clothes. Sometimes you wear shabby work clothes, but at other times you dress neatly. You adjust the environment through various strategies, so how much training do you think is necessary? For business people, meeting all kinds of people is truly good training. Do you understand? "Yes." Shall I trust you a bit? "Yes."

I felt really good seeing the fundraising teams yesterday. When I observed the overall reactions and expressions on their faces, I thought, "Ah, they have a lot of fundraising experience." What does that mean? It means that those on the front lines are always tense. That expression comes in quickly. So, you need to know that receiving training is the fastest way.

That’s how I am. When necessary, I even go to those who oppose me the most. I go to their homes and subtly... Why can’t I achieve my lifelong goal? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." When you engage in economic activities, never think of it as just a dream. You are recreating a person here who can lead the world in the future. I am rising up.

Now, let’s try evangelizing! A good businessman is also a good evangelist. Who doesn’t value money? No one puts money in their wallet; they put it here. You persuade them to open the sealed wallet so that their hand automatically goes in... (Laughter) Think about it. You are occupying that person. You are taking over that person.

If I say, "I’m going to sell to that bank president driving a luxury car," then I sell it. You need a strategy. How do you sell it? I thought of it. If you investigate and find out which store that bank president goes to in the evening, then when they go together, you strategize. When the president or a bank manager goes to buy something, you casually go by and somehow make a connection. You bump into them, step on their foot, or do something like that... You need to keep that in mind. Then, if you apologize and help them buy things, you become close. Why do you do that? Because you feel sorry.

Then they will definitely come to the company, and at that time, you casually enter and meet them. You say, "Oh, are you here?" When they ask what you are doing, you say, "I’m selling peanuts and flowers for this and that purpose."

A bank president probably doesn’t know this. They think in terms of thousands or tens of thousands of dollars, but they don’t think about ten cents, fifty cents, or one dollar. It won’t catch their eye. You should ask if they have ever bought something like this; you should encourage them to try it. Then they won’t be able to refuse.

Next, you write a letter. What I did was to test them, and seeing that they bought something because they understood our situation, I thought, "You must have suffered in the past to achieve this success, so your future looks very promising." I think I need to become even more successful than you, so if you have any secrets to your success, could you share them with me? Ah, then young people will respond...

You write that letter neatly so they can reply. Then they will invite you to their office. At that time, you don’t just walk in. You ask from the bottom where the president is, get introduced to everyone, and then go through the secretary’s office to meet the president.

Before that, you tell the secretary, "The president invited me to come and teach me everything about how he became successful, so I came here. Please take care of me." Then what happens? They think, "Oh, he didn’t even tell me, his secretary..." and immediately think that way.

After all that, you talk. When the president and I are stripped bare, we are the same. There’s nothing special about either of us. He has two eyes, and I have two eyes; he has a nose, and I have a nose; he has a mouth, and I have a mouth. If that person has a higher status as a bank president, I think I should at least have more guts than him. This is how you make friends. Evangelism is done this way.

When engaging in economic activities, selling goods is about sharing blessings. You should think that you are not just doing business but sharing blessings. If you know the reality of the spiritual world... that’s how it is. In the spiritual world, when a spirit brings the item they loved the most, that spirit follows that item. Similarly, when you Unification Church members bring peanuts, you are not just bringing peanuts. Your ancestors are all paying attention to you. (The recording briefly cuts out)

When you buy something with joy, they cooperate. Your ancestors cooperate, and there are others who help you meet people. When you buy something, that item makes your ancestors in the spiritual world think about the Unification Church and keeps reminding them of that item. You are sharing blessings. That’s the reality. When you stand in a position where you mobilize the spiritual world and distribute representative condition items, the spiritual world will definitely cooperate, and people will appear in your dreams or in a semi-conscious state. They even want to buy you lunch... There are many such occurrences.

Now, if you experience this once a month, twice a month, or three times a month, how wonderful would that be? You will surely know that God is with you. Looking back until now, this fundraising is absolutely necessary for you to whip yourself into shape.

Sometimes, you attack those who don’t buy. You might get a headache and feel dizzy while walking. For some people, you say, "You can’t leave without buying!" They can’t move their feet. Their feet won’t move.

So, how wonderful is this training? People who are going to hell and those who are going to heaven are all riding on you, going up and down. Therefore, you should think that in your daily life, the human world and the spiritual world are combined, creating a great whirlpool and wave. So, will you be a whale or a small fish? "I will be a whale." Knowing that, I hope you will work hard.

Let’s build a university for the world with our own hands. Therefore, regarding economic issues... I will build a university with my own hands. Then, when all of you come in to study there, think about how vast the influence will be on America and humanity in the future because that tradition will be established.

In the future, when we create our university here, each member in America should be responsible for graduating one person. You will be responsible for that person for four years. Then, when you enter, you will do the same... Think about that. That will become a tradition. If we have ten thousand Unification Church college students, then ten thousand people will be responsible. Then we can implement a scholarship system.

So, how much will we gather globally? Moreover, for women, if they take the smartest men from around the world and graduate them through their economic activities, they can also marry those men. That’s what we are trying to do. Therefore, in the end, it’s a university for the world, a university for the world, a university for America. This idea needs to be completely expanded. It’s not isolation.

So, knowing that, from now on... After meeting me today, will you do worse or better than before? "Better."

Last month, we spent 1.3 million dollars. However, this month, because I am traveling around, Kamiyama is worried. He told me in advance, "This time, there will be considerable difficulties." So I said, "Oh, that’s not true! We will achieve even better results!" And I came. Do you all agree or not? "We do." I believe what the teacher says is right. So, we can build this with our own hands. Your fists are bigger than the teacher’s fists. I am trying to manage the world with these small fists...

Now, let’s stop discussing economic activities and focus on our church members living in the Washington area, including newcomers. After listening to yesterday’s message, you probably understood how much America is in crisis and what position heaven has regarding America. Therefore, the most urgent thing now is how the teacher and the youth of America can unite, and I believe you understand that America’s fate and the world’s fate depend on that.

Thus, church leaders and individuals, since you are young, you need to influence the majority of young people, and especially to mobilize intelligent young people, we need to sweep through the college campuses.

We need to create many places to give lectures everywhere. While you are studying the principles, you need to practice giving lectures. You must practice and train. Do not do this in the church. Why? Because there are older members in the church who will evaluate the principle lectures, and that feedback can be so harsh that it poses a risk of not being able to rise again. Therefore, if you go to places without members, like homes or college campuses, and give lectures, no one knows... You can practice a lot. It’s okay to make mistakes. You need to practice. Even if you have to talk about the Fall Theory in a backward way, you should give that lecture.

Afterward, you will know whether you did well or not. If you feel good about doing well, then you move on to another page, another chapter. If you didn’t do well, you go and pray and study.

At first, if possible, you should memorize the main points like a recording. At first, when you see people, you feel overwhelmed, and you can only see their eyes. At first, you only see their eyes. Because you feel overwhelmed... During that time, don’t look into their eyes; look elsewhere, and memorize everything. Those who can’t memorize should acknowledge those who can.

Therefore, leaders should train all members to give lectures. It’s better for ten people to do it than for one person to do it, and it’s better for twenty people to do it than for ten. The more, the better... This way, wherever you go, whether to someone’s house or any place, you give lectures. Especially college campuses are really good places for that.
Everyone, sometimes it's scripted, you know. It's a debate between communism and its opposition. They discuss various points. Over there, they actively oppose, and here, they actively argue. It's all scripted. Then both sides become united, and the two groups of people come together and align with our side. Later on, if one person who was arguing says, "Hey, you are excellent," the whole group gets pulled towards me. This is the tactic being used.

Establish a foundation for pioneering evangelism.
We can also take that title and criticize communism, with one side opposing and the other side arguing, and we can do this as much as we want. After training like that, we can actually invite the communists to engage in discussions. There are only a few people who understand communist theory. If we can theoretically defeat those who become leaders in self-governing bodies at universities, we can completely take them down. We need to influence the university campuses. Do you understand? "Yes." And we should also create a vocal club for singing, and do all of this.

Who is the person in charge here in Washington? The newly appointed person? That person should take full responsibility here. They should also work on CARP and take charge of the Washington area until graduation. You need to take responsibility, you. While leading CARP, you should pioneer. There might be people coming from other states, but those who are going through the 120-day training should all pioneer. The places to go are not already decided.

If there is no place… one person can live in one location but go out to work in the east, and another can go out to work in the west. There are several states involved here, but pioneers should never be in pairs or groups of three at the same time. I need to recreate, I do. I need to create money, create people, and create churches; it’s about recreating.

Raise your hands if you have completed the 120-day training. Stand up. Are you all pioneering? Is there anyone who is just playing a supporting role, going to a center and being guided by someone who has been there until now? There is no state leader right now. We determine the leader based on the performance of three people.

That’s why, even if there is no place to be together, we should divide and go; one should go east to evangelize, and one should go west to evangelize. If there is no place, we can split the center in half and do it separately. Otherwise, one day person A does it, and the next day person B does it, and we need to build a foundation for development. We are giving lectures. Right now, there are no state leaders except for those who are captains in six states. Do you understand? "Yes." You should evangelize at least three people a month. Now, sit down.

So, you in the Washington area are in a position to prepare for the Washington conference in the future, and we need to expand this movement to thousands, tens of thousands over the next two years. Day and night! Everyone, those who have completed the 120-day training should take the lead and set an example. Do you understand? "Yes."

Then, all members in the Washington area should unite with these people, and upper and lower should become one to prepare for the upcoming Washington conference from now on. Can you take on that responsibility? "Yes." Can you take on that responsibility? "Yes!" That’s how it should be. Originally, I planned to finish by eight o'clock, but it has become quite late.

Let’s set conditions for indemnity.
I came here towards Chicago from five o'clock this morning, but I’m an hour late, so I apologize for making you wait. I originally intended to arrive here before ten o'clock, but due to traffic issues and various problems, I was delayed. You might think, "Since the teacher is an hour late, he should speak for an hour longer… even if it goes past twelve and into one o'clock." (Applause)

The Unification Church emerged to unify religions globally.
So, how many hours should we talk? "Indefinitely." Let’s just do two hours, just two hours. Now, let’s see how many people are seeing me for the first time. Raise your hands. There are many first-timers. Sit down. For those who are here for the first time, after one hour, two hours, three hours, or four hours, you might think, "Wow, I’ve never seen someone talk this long." But that’s because you want it… I can also shorten what I would say in four hours to one hour. It depends on how detailed we get, so if I summarize, I can do it in 30 minutes even with interpretation. (Laughter)

For those among you who are seeing the teacher for the first time, you might wonder, "Who is this teacher?" Some might think, "Our teacher doesn’t step on the stairs when going up to the second floor, doesn’t use the restroom, doesn’t eat with chopsticks…." That’s a big misunderstanding. It was the same during Jesus’ time. Jesus also walked up the stairs with his feet and ate with a fork just like everyone else.

When we think that nature itself is sacred and perfect as it is, everything is good. We have two eyes, and it’s all the same. (Laughter) The only difference is that white people have blue eyes, and I am of Asian descent with black eyes. Other than that, we are all the same. In fact, you are all bigger than I am.

So what is the issue? Currently, there are many controversies in the United States regarding Reverend Moon. Why has Reverend Moon become a controversial figure, and why are you waiting for him as a master? There’s nothing different. It’s just that the way of thinking is slightly different. Because the thinking is different, that’s why. In the world, there are people with big thoughts, average thoughts, and small thoughts. A special person is someone with special thoughts, not someone who is particularly tall or has a handsome face.

From that perspective… In this era where religion is a problem, our Unification Church is gathered to unify world religions and innovate as a new level of religion. You all know this well. However, that task is not easy. To create one from countless ethnicities, nations, and religions, it’s impossible without transcending ethnic, national, sectarian, and racial boundaries.

Is that really possible? "Yes." Even if you all answer "yes" and Reverend Moon claims it, will it happen just like that? Can it happen just because you do it or I do it? Then who can do it? Only God can do it. Because God can do it, if we learn how to do it through Him, there is a possibility that we can achieve it.

What is the center of it all? It’s not power, not money, not knowledge. The question is whether we can possess the subjectivity of love that can digest everything from the standpoint of truly loving humanity. The subjectivity of love, the subjectivity of universal love, transcending nations and sects, and being able to digest and lead that love, is the only way it can be possible.

The subjectivity of love cannot be claimed by Reverend Moon as "subjective love." You cannot say, "Oh, I am subjective love." What God calls subjective love is what is subjective love. When you see pure gold, you think, "Oh, that’s amazing." The same goes for diamonds… Among purities, what kind of purity? One hundred percent pure, pure whether you look up or down in the shade, pure even when cut…

So if true love exists, if someone has tasted that love, what happens? Will their eyes close or open? What will happen? "They will open wide." What about their ears? "They will open." Their hands? Will they do this or that? (Gestures) "They will grasp." What about their height? "…." (Applause)

In short… Those who are here for the first time to hear the teacher’s words might think, "Oh, Reverend Moon talks strangely. What’s up with his height and gestures…." If I am to spend a long time with you, I need to use gestures. You might think, "Oh, he talks like that…." You can hear something different while seeing something else. You can also see something different while listening to something here. Sometimes you can think of something different with your head. You can speak different words and think… Humans today can do everything in different ways. Isn’t that right? "Yes."

Even though we are such people, if we find a true person, their eyes gather in one place, their ears gather in one place, their mouths gather in one place, their nerves gather in one place, their hands gather in one place, and their legs gather in one place… (Laughter. Applause) So where subjective love goes, even if you tell them not to go, they will follow. (Applause)

Now, everyone, if you eat something delicious like honey or something tasty, if you then eat something less sweet, that’s wrong. It’s different. If you eat something like a melon or an apple, it may be sweet, but it feels unpleasant. You should remove that and eat honey… It’s the same. If you have tasted God’s true love, there’s no need for explanation. There’s no need for explanation. You all know it. Your hands and heads go that way. Does that make sense? "Yes." You need to understand it theoretically, theoretically.

The thought of the Unification Church is to conquer even God’s love.
If there is a person who can align with pure, true love of God, then nothing in the world can touch this, and only God can move such a being. When they appear as a counterpart of true love, no one can touch them. Only God can… When they receive such love from that world and see a single flower… In the past, people would say, "Gladiolus is just a white flower." But when you encounter that love, this world becomes an infinite world of mysteries. Even a million poems are here…

How wonderful would that be? It cannot be expressed by anything. It cannot be expressed by gestures or body language, nor can it be explained in any way. When you enter that state, even eating becomes bothersome. Oh, it’s lunchtime, but you feel it’s bothersome to eat. You don’t say, "I need to eat this…." You don’t say, "Oh, I need to sleep." You can endure it. You can transcend eating, dressing, resting, and playing.

If you can feel such true love in the Unification Church, and if you can taste even a small stream of that in the path of the Unification Church, all young people, especially those with sensitive senses, will know. Isn’t that right? "Yes." Are there such people in the Unification Church? Isn’t there? "Yes." But are there such people among the general public, including your parents? "No." Do you know? Have you tasted it? "Yes."

Then, can the taste of divine love be different for white people, yellow people, and black people? (Laughter) Would the taste be the same or different? "The same." (Laughter) That love is the same for everyone. Centered on that love, even black and white can become one. (Laughter) Even if you hit and get hit, the more you get hit, the better it is. The whip of true love is incomparable. It’s delicious, that’s what I mean. The rebuke of true love is delicious. Blessings accompany it.

That’s why a bridegroom with true love can meet anyone, whether they are Asian or Western, and it doesn’t matter. This is the conclusion. Is that right? "Yes." Is that not right? "That’s right." Is it really? "Yes." No. "That’s right." It is right. (Laughter. Applause) Why is that? Because it’s the truth. In front of the truth, even the teacher loses, and God loses.

Now, do you love Reverend Moon? "Yes." Do you love him this much? "No." Americans are good at lying, right? "No." Really, do you love him? "Yes." To match your words? "No." Is that really true? "Yes." Let’s see those who say it’s true. Look at that. If there are so many people who love like this, I would go crazy. (Applause) That’s why I cannot bear it, I cannot. But only God can bear it. (Applause)

That’s why you and I should unite and conquer God’s love. This is the principle of the Unification Church. The thought of the Unification Church is to unite with you and me to conquer God’s love. Without complete unity, perfect love cannot emerge. Here, there are white, yellow, and black people… It’s not just that you want white, black, and yellow; it’s a common goal desired by all humanity. Furthermore, it’s what God, who is the leader of our universe, desires.

We need to become young people in the springtime that melts the evil world.
If we are a group that sacrifices life and property to find God’s true love, then those who oppose the Unification Church are enemies of God and enemies of humanity. Do you understand? "Yes." Then will those people be blessed or punished? "They will be punished." Do you want those people to be blessed or to perish? "It would be good if they are blessed."

Then you will become great people, historical figures. Such people cannot be punished by God. If there are people who wish for those who can become enemies to be blessed, then God cannot let those people perish or punish them, and humanity cannot let those people perish either. Moreover, even the spirits in the spirit world cannot help but cooperate with those people. Because God knows, He says, "Oh, Reverend Moon, do well with the Unification Church!" The spirit world also knows and cheers, "Reverend Moon, do well with the Unification Church! Go for it!" The people of the world don’t know. They oppose because they don’t know; if they knew, would the greedy people of the world stay quiet? They don’t know. That’s why if we teach them quickly, your mothers and fathers will say, "Hey! You stay still. I will go," and they will leap forward.

So if you want them to be blessed, what should you do? You should be busier than the people of this world… The more opposition there is, the more you should work harder, right? "You should work harder." Faster? "Yes." Why? Otherwise, those people will be punished. If they get angry, we should shed tears and love them.
Reverend Moon has never shouted loudly, saying, "These bastards!" even though America has been noisy and the world has opposed him until now. No matter how terrifying icebergs are in winter, and no matter how solidly the ice has frozen, when spring and summer come, it melts away. We must create a spring day. That is why the Unification Church has the mission to melt the frozen and cold world before the world…. Do we need older people for this mission, or do we need young people? Do we need people in the youthful springtime, or do we need people in the winter of old age? What do you think? "We need people in the youthful springtime." Why? Because to melt the evil world, we need young passion.

What about you? Do you want to be a person in the youthful springtime, or a person in the winter of old age? What kind of person do you want to be? "I want to be a person in the youthful springtime." Now, everyone, are your hands warm? How is it? Are your hands warm or not? "They are warm." Huh? "They are warm." We need to use this warmth to melt the ice. When we touch the ice, it should make a squishy sound, cracking as it melts. It cannot melt silently. (Laughter. Applause)

That is why where there are young people in the Unification Church, there is bound to be sound. (Laughter) What kind of sound? The sound of love, the sound of love. Then the world will melt. No matter how much this world persecutes us…. When spring comes, even the cold and frozen Chicago will melt. With the atomic bomb of God's love, "Boom!" Can you do that? "Yes." My fist may be small, but on the day of battle, the heavens and the earth will tremble. There will be a vibration. So while running and falling, we shout, "Ah—Unification Church! Unification Church!" (Applause) Even while falling, we cry out, "Ah, Unification Church! Unification Church members!" and ask for help, now. (Laughter) Wouldn't it be great if it really happened? "Yes."

After that, imagine walking down the most famous streets here. What will happen? Will everyone rush out or not? After you become like that, when you go out, will the city people rush out to see you or not? "They will rush out." Then you will be more splendid than a queen, right? More splendid than the President of the United States, right? Only then will God, the owner of the universe, say, "My sons and daughters qualify. Now, let us live together forever." (Applause) Really, do you want that? "Yes." You bastards, what is it? You bastards. "That's right." Americans hate Asians and hate Black people, right? You bastards! "We don't hate them." Okay, okay, I’ll believe you, I’ll believe you. Just try it. (Applause)

Now, one lecture has ended. There is no better lecture than this. "Please give us more." (Applause) Well, if we’re done, we’re done. What more is there to say? I’m tired too. Now, even if I try to talk, there are no better words than this. I came this evening, and now we can just sing and have a welcoming party and stop. I’ll sing a song too. "No." 

You rascal! How can a teacher not feed the guests and make them work? Isn’t that how it should be? I’m never coming to Chicago again. "You must come." Now, if we’re done, we should say, "Teacher, let’s eat dinner." That’s how the greeting should be. (Applause)

So, shall we sing, and stop the teacher's words? "No." At that time…. Didn’t I say earlier? "True love doesn’t need playing, doesn’t need eating, and doesn’t need sleeping," but now we want to feel true love and want to learn, so if you ask for more true love stories, I can give you more. Then shall we do it again? "Yes."

God's providence to transform fallen humans into perfected humans

Now, let’s change the title a bit. You must walk the path to find true love and become God's true sons and daughters. Then where is God's true love? That becomes the question. It does not exist in this world. This world is filled with evil, and since it is a world ruled by Satan, we cannot find God's love in this world. We members of the Unification Church know that the fall is a hereditary fall. Humans are born as Satan's sons and daughters, so receiving God's love is not that easy.

Now, consider how deeply the roots of your sins have grown. When you look at your ancestors, they are all mixed. German ancestors, Dutch ancestors, Norwegian ancestors, British ancestors…. They are all mixed up. Were you born in a place guaranteed by God, or in a place not guaranteed by God? "In a place not guaranteed." 

You were born with the roots of the satanic world. There are roots of sin that move this world, there are trunks of sin, there are branches of sin, and there are leaves of sin. Can there be leaves that are not connected to the trunk, roots, or branches of sin? Do all those leaves have reflective qualities or not? "They do."

In that sense, there is no one who can say, "I am a good person." What about you? The leaves are indeed attached to a branch or somewhere. There are bugs attached to them, bugs. Do you think otherwise? When you quietly think to yourself, "I can become a son of God," can you claim that day and night, or for a year, or a lifetime? "No." Then what is it?

If you pull a leaf, what comes out? The branch comes out, the trunk comes out, and the roots all come out. If God exists, would He want to cut down this tree of sin that has grown for 6,000 years and is connected all over the world, or would He not want to cut it down? "He would want to cut it down." Does He desire it or not? "He desires it." He desires it. Then would God want to do it or not? Does He really want to? "Yes." Then if He cuts it down, what will happen to humanity?

In light of this, we must prevent the cutting down. That would be a big problem. So what method must be used? In the Bible, there is a parable of the wild olive tree and the true olive tree. So, is a sinner, a person who has sinned, a true olive tree or a wild olive tree? "A wild olive tree." Then how can a wild olive tree become a true olive tree? That is why God thought of the method of grafting. Do you understand? "Yes."

So, this tree cannot be cut down all at once…. There is a tree here. There are branches here…. (Drawing while speaking) If we cut all of this down, it would be a big problem. So, we have no choice but to cut the branches and graft them. If we graft this branch with the true olive tree, will this branch bear true olive tree fruit or wild olive tree fruit? "True olive tree fruit." No matter how smart God is, that is the only way He can do it. Then let’s do one more thing…. Would you think of this or not? "We would." Then does this tree die or not? Can two kinds live in one tree? Can a wild olive tree and a true olive tree live together? Right? "Yes."

The purpose of religion is to save humanity and bring them to God's love

Therefore, we can deduce that there are these two kinds of people among humanity throughout the historical age. If God exists, it must be so. We must graft and reform. Thus, the cultural sphere of the historical age is the religious cultural sphere. Is that right? "Yes." Isn’t that right? "Yes."

Then who are the people who have moved the history of humanity? We can understand that the logic of world religions grafted around God has formed to absorb the world. So, when we look at it…. What kind of people are saints? They are the founders of religions. Look. Jesus is called a saint, right? "Yes." Jesus is the founder of Christianity. Buddha is the founder of Buddhism. Confucius is the founder of Confucianism. Then Muhammad is the founder of Islam. So, these four branches are all this. (Drawing while speaking)

When we see this, how did religions centered on God come to be? It concludes that because God exists, they cannot not exist. Therefore, it is an undeniable conclusion that God, who manages history, and religion, which digests history, govern this world. Do you understand? "Yes."

What has been the purpose of establishing religions until now? It has been to eliminate the wild olive tree branches of the entire world. This was not known. Religions did not know this. That is why what is the mission of religious people? It is to complete the wild olive tree into a true olive tree. This is the responsibility of countless religions and the mission of religious people. So what are we trying to do? We have become sinners by falling away from God, so we are trying to become saints and return to God. It is a movement to return to God.

Therefore, what is the purpose of religion? It is to save humanity and bring them back to God. Do you understand? "Yes."

Then where is the individual purpose of religious people in their faith life? Until now, religious people have thought, "Ah, if I believe in religion, I will be saved and I will do well." Now, believing in religion should be for the purpose of saving the world’s humanity and bringing them back to God. That is the correct path of a faithful believer. What kind of people are true religious people, true believers? They are those who believe in religion to turn this nation back to God and to turn this world back to God, not first saving their own sons and daughters, but first saving the nation and the world. This is what they seek to resolve first before finding their own sons and daughters. If the nation is saved, then all of their families and sons and daughters will be saved. If the world is saved, then their nation will be saved all at once. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

That is why true religion is a religion that seeks to save humanity. A true religious person is someone who wants to save humanity and bring that humanity back to God. Does God want to save the United States first in saving this world, or does He want to save the world first? "He wants to save the world first…."

Then what kind of person is a true person of God, a true prophet, a true savior? We must understand this. A person who wants to save all the spirits in the spirit world and all the people on the ground, and then liberate God and return to the original world without sin, and return to God's love is ultimately a true person. That is a person of heaven.

God must be liberated, and from the liberated position, God must have true love…. Is God liberated and conducting the providence of salvation? "He is conducting the providence of salvation." Is God liberated? "No." Then when can He love before this mission is completed? Where is the true love mentioned earlier? True love arises only when God is liberated, when the Messiah who will save this land comes and is liberated, and when humanity is liberated and completely cuts off sin and even Satan disappears.

After that, there is nothing left to do. There is only love to do. What else is there to do? God is liberated, the Messiah's mission is completed, and the salvation of humanity is completed, so what else is there to do? So, is there only love to do? Do you understand that? "Yes." There is no true love in the fallen world. Where is true love in the realm of the fall? True love is God's love, and it must be grafted to God's love. This branch must change. It cannot remain in the world of Satan. True love must not be mixed. Therefore, only after everything is turned back to God can true love….

So, why does the Messiah come? "To save humanity." To save humanity. Then what is the purpose of saving? It is to allow them to receive God's true love. It is to enable them to receive God's true love. Do you welcome that? "Yes." Then that’s good. It must be so, that’s how it makes sense.

If there is a rag of Satan and it is stained with Satan's filth, in such a dirty position, would God love it? Just think about it. For example, if a lady marries again after her first husband dies, and she goes back to her second husband while still thinking of her first husband, would the second husband like that? Would he prefer that she completely forgets? "He would prefer that she completely forgets." 

If she secretly carries a handkerchief that her first husband gave her as a gift, would he like that? "He would not like that." If she has a tiny, torn letter, just a fragment left, would he like that? "He would not like that." "Get rid of that too! Get rid of it!" That’s what he would say. If there is a necklace or something left that she liked with Satan, would God say, "Oh, that’s really beautiful. I like it"? "No."

That is why, from the state before sinning, from the original pure root, trunk, branches, and leaves, only when everything has become a true olive tree can God want to love. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, let’s return to God! Let’s return to the original God. What do we want to do when we return to God? We want to receive the original, true love of God. That is the ultimate purpose of religion.

How do we distinguish true religion? If it’s Presbyterian, they say Presbyterian is right, if it’s Methodist, they say Methodist is right, and so on, with 400 denominations of Christianity fighting with each other, and even Catholics say Catholicism is right, and all sorts of…. As a result, over 500,000 people were massacred in religious wars, and while everyone claims to be right, how can we know which is true? Buddhism, Confucianism, Islam all claim to be the best, so how can we know which is the true religion? We might even think that our Unification Church is a gathering of Satan's group, a heretical faction. In fact, we might not even know if it is heretical, the Unification Church.

What is true religion? It must advocate returning to the original world. God's providence of salvation…. What is salvation? To save a sick person means to return to the state before they were sick. Until now, no one knew what the purpose of salvation was. They could not define it. In this confused world, the Unification Church has defined the essence of religion.

So, what is the providence of salvation? The providence of salvation is the providence of restoration! The discovery of the term restoration is a great discovery. How do we restore? Let’s return to the world where Adam and Eve could directly receive God's love before they sinned! This is the ultimate purpose of the providence of salvation. It is not just for humanity but for heaven and earth as well…. Therefore, God's purpose of salvation, the Messiah's purpose of salvation, and the purpose for us to be saved are one. They are all the same. Do you understand that? "Yes."

What is the purpose of believing in religion? It is only to seek the world without sin, the world of God and the original world. All humanity is brothers. They are brothers. Together with them, let’s return together to the world of God's love. Is there any objection to that religious purpose? "No."
Now, from this perspective, what is the true religion? You need to know that. 
When you look at the founder and the followers of that religion, you can tell right away. The religion that God loves the most is the true religion, so that true religion is what God desires. Let’s save humanity and liberate God to receive love! This leads to the conclusion that a religion advocating such claims is the true religion. It is not for a specific sect. It exists for all of humanity. Religion exists to liberate God. A religion that advocates such content can theoretically be concluded as the true religion.
And when you see them praying, you can tell immediately. When they pray, they do not say, “God, bless me. I will succeed and live for this country,” but rather, “Please mobilize me, my family, and this country to sacrifice for the sake of saving all humanity.” Such a religion is the true religion. Did you understand that? “Yes.” Then God cannot help but be moved. Jesus was the same, and no one who is a true person would deny this. Do you understand that? “Yes.”
Next, in terms of work, it is not about working for myself or for my church. It is about working for the world, for the world. Prioritizing the world over one’s own country or denomination is more important. A righteous person is willing to make their wife and children suffer to save others, and God is willing to sacrifice His servants or people to save the world. That is why that God can be called a good God, and that God can be called a God of love.
Among the religions in the world today, there is no such religious ideology. There is none. That is why I have come to know through the spirit world that this is the true religion, and after asserting such a religion, I established the Unification Church. The essence is that everyone should return to God.
The purpose of God, the purpose of the Messiah, and the purpose of humanity is unity. They are one. We can unify all three. This is the proposition of unity. It is to liberate God, liberate the Messiah, and create a world of love where all humanity is liberated and happy. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” The Unification Church has emerged from such a perspective. It is about unifying religions through the Unification Church.
Religions that deny this will perish in the end. Christianity must perish, and sects centered around themselves must perish, and all religions must perish if they do not align with God’s will on this earth. The time will come when they will vanish. When that time comes, know that it is the end! Everyone will come out and gather in the Unification Church…. The second generation will gather. The branches must be cut and grafted. When you graft the branches, they live. The wild olive tree represents the owner as Satan. It is returning to Satan. The true olive tree returns to God.
Now, do you understand? Do you know what the true religion is? “Yes.” What kind of person is Reverend Moon? Do you think I am a fraud? “No.” When you look at the common providential purpose of humanity, Reverend Moon is not working for himself. He has the perspective of shedding blood to liberate God, liberate the Messiah, and liberate humanity, so Reverend Moon is not a bad person. It concludes that he is a person sent by heaven. (Applause) Reverend Moon is not a false prophet. So, take hold of yourself.
Even if persecuted and opposed, we must walk the path for the world and for God.
From this perspective, when I go to the spirit world, I see it is undeniable, so I criticize religion from this perspective…. Reverend Moon declares to the 4 billion people of the world that those who do not walk this path will all perish, and those who do will be saved. Do you know what happens the more the world opposes? If you persecute and sacrifice someone better than yourself, you will have to pay compensation a thousandfold.
Therefore, the more you persecute good people, the more the church will perish, the nation will perish. Sects will perish, ethnic groups will perish, and nations will perish. If you oppose the good person sent by heaven, you will perish. Then what will happen to all the blessings they have received until now, all the possessions they have? They will all be transferred to those who are being persecuted.
The true religion develops when it is persecuted. That is a historical fact. Why? Because when persecuted, it takes away all blessings. Why is the Unification Church thriving even though Reverend Moon is being opposed? Even though the established churches in the world oppose Reverend Moon, who is sent by heaven, the established Christians of the world are moving to the Unification Church, and if the United States opposes Reverend Moon, who is sent by heaven, the blessings of America will move, and if the world opposes, the blessings of the world will move. This is the conclusion.
I thought persecution was bad, but it is a means of inheriting blessings without merit. (Cheers, applause) Even if Rome opposes, even if the whole world opposes, if Christianity had gone out strongly to save the world, the world would already be united. In other words, if Christianity had gone out with such an ideology, even if persecuted and opposed by Rome, it would have conquered the world. Do you understand? “Yes.”
The only group needed before the world and God is the Unification Church members. 
When you think, “Ah, Reverend Moon is a scary person,” you might think that way. I have nothing. However, I possess a weapon of truth that is scarier than America’s atomic bomb or the Soviet atomic bomb! (Cheers, applause) Look. The communists really hate Reverend Moon, don’t they? Even the communists…. Do you understand what that means? “Yes.”
No matter how much the communists oppose, they will not perish, and no matter how much the established churches oppose, they will not perish, and no matter how much the world opposes, they will not perish! Why? Because God is with Reverend Moon. (Applause) We do not have time. Be strong and courageous! We stand in the truth! We must know that we stand in the truth. It is an undeniable fact that without God, no one like us can save the world. We are the last ones remaining before God in the historical age. Marching for the world, if we march for 10 years, 20 years, the world will…. (Applause)
Look. How many foreigners are there in America? Yet, Reverend Moon, who has only been here for two and a half years, has turned America upside down and is causing more and more problems. Why is that? The established churches are envious…. (Laughter) Why do the communists hate? Because they are scared. This ideology is scary. (Applause)
The Unification Church is not about calling young people to make them my people. It is about creating people for God, people for the world. So, you must know that God is on my side. It cannot be done with guns and swords. (Applause)
Then what is the greatest pain in the free world? It is communism. Does America lack power, money, or people? What is the problem? It is because there is no ability to crush communism. Isn’t that right? “Yes.” If Reverend Moon has that, shouldn’t the American people support Reverend Moon? Was it right or wrong for Americans to oppose? “It was wrong.” I am not a bad person to be criticized. I am not a bad person. NBC and those…. 
That is why I see that you have become an opportunity to unite with the teacher. Do you understand? “Yes.” Our unity cannot be broken by public opinion in American society, by the power of the media, or by any force. We are extremely needed in this world. We must understand that we are the most needed in this world. That is why we must be alert. We must be alert. Do you understand? “Yes.”
From God’s will, the greatest headache for God in the world is that Christianity has fallen like this. That is the greatest headache for God and for the religious world of today’s democratic world. Do you acknowledge that? “Yes.” If you take away the Christian thought from the American people, you must understand that a division like that of old Europe will arise from here. Looking at this country, this nation lives by Christian thought, and if you take this away, it will fight and shatter into pieces.
Then will America help the nation of Israel? Even though the U.S. Congress decided not to send military aid, they are secretly sending it anyway. Isn’t that right? “Yes.” In the future, if China gathers all the Asians and does such things…. Americans must understand that they are not the people for China.
That is why the fact that the Christian thought that can transcend nations is collapsing is a threat to the democratic world and a threat to the United States. Therefore, no matter how much the established churches envy today, the youth of the Unification Church are necessary beings for American Christianity. We must understand that we are the group needed before the world’s Christianity and before God.
Through the Unification Church, there is an amazing fact that they do not know, that we can reorganize historical significance on a higher level and create a new realm of integration for the new world. They must understand that we are the most needed people in America. Do you understand? “Yes.” You must do better than the old Christians because of your faith in the Unification Church, right? “Yes.” It should not even be comparable. We have a theoretical historical view, and we criticize ideologies theoretically, while this is just a haphazard approach…. No matter how much you oppose the Unification Church, the more it will…. In the end, everyone will say, “Don’t go. Don’t go,” and follow along. Will that happen or not? “It will.” If it doesn’t, I must make it happen with my own hands.
That is why even when walking in the world, you must have the mindset, “Ah, this is enough for me to fight once. This is enough for me to exert myself and confront the world of Satan.” With this confidence, God will be with you.
We must fight with our lives to save America with our own hands.
Now, we have understood how close the Unification Church is to a clear religious view, and we have also understood the outlook on how the world will progress despite opposition from communists. Victory is decisive. Victory is decisive, and the future is hopeful. We have nothing to fear. Coming as a person from the East and moving America’s land, even though America is a big country, I promised before heaven that I would move it within three years, and I have done so within three years because God was with me. I do not think it was Reverend Moon who did it. There is nothing to be ashamed of or afraid of….
Though you may not know it now, within the historical age, Americans will know within 10 years. If you have the confidence that you must save America to save the world, you will work even if you are told not to. You can make a profit in business, but will you pour all your money and capital into it or not? “I will pour it all in.” It is the same. Even if you go into debt…. That is why the Unification Church can do what others cannot. I will become the world’s number one debtor for the sake of God and for the will of God.
There are too many in America. There are too many in Chicago. Even if I am not great, if there is one person like me in each state, think about what will happen to America. What do you think? America will be saved and more. There are so many…. Do you want to lose to Reverend Moon, or do you want to win? “We will win.” (Applause)
Now, America will be saved by our hands. We will defend against communism, defend against the collapse of established churches, defend against the moral decay of young men and women, defend against family breakdown, defend against the drug problem, and we will defend all national assets with our own hands. Are you confident? “Yes!” Do it. Do you want to do it in 10 years, or do you want to do it right now? “Right now!” Do you want to do it now? “Yes!” (Applause)
If people like me are not needed, I will return to Korea. “That cannot happen.” (Laughter) Americans are doing all sorts of things to expel me, but…. “That cannot happen.” If you expel Reverend Moon, will it cause a storm? That cannot happen. Even if expelled, I have many countries where I am needed, not just America.
You must campaign like lightning across all 50 states. You must evangelize and promote. You must promote about us, promote about our truth. Your throat must be hoarse. You must be so exhausted that you have no strength left in your stomach, day and night without a moment to sit…. What is there to sleep without clothes? You cannot sleep without clothes. And saying, “It’s night, so I must sleep,” that cannot happen. “Let the long journey go quickly!” Even in a running car, you must run with the heart that wants to go quickly, as if the long journey is as quick as a short one.
People are avoiding traffic accidents and going elsewhere while I am running…. That must happen. The police must see us and pretend not to see us, and it must be made so that they cannot see us clearly. If they see us, we cannot get caught by the traffic police. We must appear as if we are not running even though we are in a running car. There may be people saying, “Is what Reverend Moon is saying wrong?”
If there are such people, they must understand that the country should support and buy planes for us. “Hey! Let’s go quickly! Let’s go quickly, you rascal!” Even today, time is running late, “Let’s go quickly, you rascal!” I would have arrived 30 minutes earlier if I had driven. If I know how to do it…. (Applause) So if I have an accident and die, will I go to hell or heaven? If I caused an accident, would I say I couldn’t do it? If I died, would I go to hell or heaven? “I will go to heaven.”
I am putting my life on the line. Are you all like that? “Yes.” Walking and walking, where are we going? Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” Staying up all night giving principle lectures, staying up all night speaking. That is what the teacher thinks, and that is what God thinks. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.”
You people in the Chicago area, if about 350 people unite and bond here and spread in all directions, a new fire will ignite. Do you want to do it or not? “We will do it.” Will you really do it? “Yes.” I am an Eastern person, and you are Western people, so I cannot trust you. Will you still do it? “Yes.” Good. Do it. Would it be better to have support from behind, or not to have it? Would it be better to oppose, or not to oppose? Is it better to have support from behind and opposition in front, or no opposition in front and no support from behind? “It is better to have no opposition in front and no support from behind.” Then what will happen? If you don’t die, you will fly. (Applause)
That is why when you think you are going to die, you must jump. You will discover that God is alive. The teacher has had many such experiences. Then it will be really wonderful, right? “Yes.” God is alive. If you believe in the teacher’s words, then believe in this word too.
teacher is asking whether you prefer it when the teacher shows sympathy towards you or when they do not. "It's better when they do not show sympathy." Sympathy is unnecessary. If you do it yourself... 
It's like a slap. If you get too aggressive here, it will fly away from the other side. (Demonstrating with actions) That's why when I try to jump back and move forward, I kick it away. (Applause) Therefore, those who oppose must have the mindset to make everyone their ally.
Now, let those who welcome that raise their hands. So, they all say it's crazy. (Applause) Is that still good? "Yes." Not being able to eat all day, selling peanuts, selling flowers, just doing this, and then coming into the church and getting scolded by the church leader, "Why is the performance like this? Why is it like this?" getting hit, and then going out into the world and facing opposition... So, "Oh, how can I live? I can't live..." Haven't you been like that until now? You will admit it. When I go out, I face opposition, and when I come in, the leader scolds me for not having earned enough. Wasn't it like that? 
If I say, "Hey! You, don't come in if you can't take responsibility," then why eat? Then tears flow... Do you want to say goodbye to the Unification Church, or what will you do? "I won't." Then there are too many people. Women should go back and rest. "No." Do you guys welcome it? "No." Fight with each other. Fight with each other.
So if your leg is broken and you limp... can you be punished in court? When asked, "Why did you fight?" if you say, "We fought because we were responsible for America," can they send you to prison? If they say they will send you to prison, you will fight to go. Then prison becomes heaven. That's why you all fight like that every day... Even if you bleed, it's okay. You can fight, and it's okay to be punished like that. (Applause)
A true person is someone who works hard from the position of a substitute.
Everything difficult is something we take responsibility for. We take responsibility for the Communist Party, for the failure of established churches, for broken families, for drug problems, and for all sorts of social evils. You should work harder than established church pastors, harder than Communist Party members, harder than those who do drugs. It’s okay if you hate it and throw stones or whatever. It's okay if you get hurt. If the American people oppose it, 4 billion people will be on our side. The more problems you cause, the closer you get to the world of God's will...
So now, I say to create problems of goodwill. Where is the time to rest? All over the neighborhood... Do you want to do that or not? "We will." Black people should work harder than white people. You all should work harder than white people. You should make the white people bow their heads.
I am doing that. I do not owe anything to white people. I do not owe anything. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." We must unite. We must become one. So, I say to create problems of goodwill. At first... doing bigger and better things... it's natural to help.
Then you have definitely said that you will take responsibility for America. When I say that I am taking this responsibility and standing at the forefront, I have suffered more than you. I am suffering more for America than you are. I am not an American. As long as I care for America, it is my duty to ask you to do it. You must do it. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."
Let's set the conditions for indemnity.
You cannot complain about Reverend Moon. I am not living for my own sake, to make myself better. You all should do more than I do. Even if you have a mouth, you cannot complain. The Unification Church does not work for the Unification Church. You must understand that. Reverend Moon does not work for the Unification Church. He works for America and the world, for the world. He does not work for the church or the Unification Church. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."
When I came to America and heard all sorts of rumors, if I had complained every time, would I be looking for you now? I would have packed my bags and left. The teacher is working for the world, and you dare to complain? Can a country blessed by democracy, recognized by heaven, complain? Do you understand? "Yes." From now on, those who will not complain, raise your hands. Put them down. 
The teacher feels both good and bad. Why do I feel good? Because I feel good. I feel good because I have more people on my side. Then, even if I have to make you suffer more, I feel bad. "That's good." Is that good? "Yes."
There are only two hands. I have no choice but to appoint someone in place of my hands, my feet, and my body. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." I am appointing Dr. Ahn as the leader of Chicago in my place. (Applause) Is it a real welcome? "Yes." That guy is too nice, it's a problem. He's too nice. From now on, it can't be like that. Eyes like this... now it's different. (Laughter) Still welcome? "Yes." If you don't, what will you do? You take it, take it. Then Chicago will do well. Even if you appoint a woman who knows nothing as the leader here, she must listen well in my place. Why must it be like that? For training. Training means appointing those who are unwilling or unable to do it.
Then, now we know whether the Unification Church is a real church or not, whether the people of the Unification Church are real people or not. "Oh, if Reverend Moon said it, then if it really happens, the Unification Church is a real church! If the people of the Unification Church become real like that, then all the people of the Unification Church are citizens of heaven!" This conclusion comes out. (Applause) Now, it's ten minutes before three hours. It's coming up to three hours.
The path of restoration is the path of indemnity.
Now that we know about the people of the Unification Church, let's talk about what the people of the Unification Church should do specifically. Now, if we start talking, it should take three hours, but it will take six hours, so this is a problem. If there is even one person dozing off while I speak, I will stop. Are you confident you won't doze off? "Yes." Can you trust all these people? You hope there is no one dozing off, and I hope there is someone dozing off. It's not easy to speak while sweating. That's how I will stop. "No."
Therefore, if I want to finish speaking quickly, I will not give you any leeway, and if I just look ahead and talk quietly and amusingly, everyone will doze off. People in the back will all doze off. "I won't doze off." Even if you smell it, you won't doze off? Like this... (Demonstrating) Even if you can't hear the words, you can just hear a buzzing sound... Are you confident you won't doze off after hearing that? Are you confident you won't doze off after smelling the words? "Yes." After twelve o'clock, you will definitely doze off. "No." Now, let's take a break and sing. That much is enough. You all have done enough. Three hours is enough. "No." Do you want me to do more? "Yes." Three hours is too long, so let's cut it and talk.
Now, let's get into the specific content. So, the members of the Unification Church, you have said you will take responsibility, but I believe that specific content is necessary to take responsibility. What kind of path is the Unification Church on? I have heard it is the path of restoration. How do we restore? Do we do it haphazardly? How do we do it? "Indemnity!" You have learned about indemnity, right? "Yes."
What kind of indemnity? "Increased indemnity." Increased indemnity, that's good. (Laughter) All members of the Unification Church desire heavier indemnity. Is that good? "Yes." Is that the truth? "Yes." How heavy is the indemnity? Is it temporary indemnity, eternal indemnity? Or is it small indemnity, very large indemnity? Which one is it? "Large and eternal indemnity." Good.
So what is indemnity? Indemnity is indemnity, what is it? Is it repayment? "Yes." How do we repay? What is indemnity? In a word, it is a sacrifice, a sacrifice. You must understand that. It is a sacrifice. Do you understand? "Yes." Is it 'ha ha ha' or 'uh uh uh'? What is it? It's the opposite, the opposite. Your face must be like this, and you must grit your teeth. You must be beaten. A person must be treated like an animal. Do you welcome that? "Yes."
Indemnity is established when you believe and act in an unbelievable situation.
Now, you must understand that indemnity is established when you do not want to sleep but do not sleep. Where is indemnity established? If I sleep when I want to sleep, is that indemnity? "No." Oh, if I am hungry and want to eat, but I want to eat in a place where I am even hungrier... You must understand that the principle of indemnity does not establish itself in ordinary life.
Now, let's look at whether that is true historically. Even when we look at Noah, he established the condition of indemnity by building the ark. Isn't that right? "Yes." No, would God not know Noah? If He says to build an ark, wouldn't He say to build it by the seaside, why tell him to build it on a mountaintop? Why? Where is such a foolish God? This is the problem. It's pure nonsense. What it means is that God wanted to establish the condition of indemnity in reverse... Isn't that right? "Yes."
That was not for a year. For 120 years... He established a person who could go until death, not someone who could complain and turn back. A person who has the potential to change cannot establish the condition of indemnity. A person who says, "I will not change. I will never change." Such things are completely unknown in established churches.
It was the same with Abraham. He was told to kill his son... Look at this. God blessed him at a hundred years old and gave him a son, and then told him to kill the son he had given him? Where is such a God? This God... Isn't that the opposite? "It's the opposite." If you want to die, you should be saved, but when you want to live, you are told to die. Why is that? Why? All of that was to establish the condition of indemnity.
Look at Jacob. Jacob deceived Esau and took the birthright. God told him to lie if He wanted him to lie, and to speak well if He wanted him to speak well, and to do whatever. If you see Jacob deceiving his brother and taking the birthright, can that happen? Why is that? "To establish the condition of indemnity..." To establish the condition of indemnity.
Now, look at Moses. God told Moses to go to Pharaoh's palace, gave him all the miraculous signs, and even sent Aaron, who could speak well, to go with him, and then in the middle, God appeared and tried to kill him. What kind of God is this, and if you say it's Satan, everything will break. Isn't that right? "That's right."
Now look at John the Baptist. Jesus and John the Baptist are cousins. This was the case, but when Jesus became famous, everyone thought, "What happened to Jesus?" thinking he was an illegitimate child, and even though Jesus was like a younger brother to him, they thought he was all fake, but John the Baptist thought, "Our family is greater, my father is the high priest, and I was born into a powerful family in Judaism, and Jesus is nothing..." Isn't it hard to believe? He thought that the one he had been waiting for for 30 years would come down from heaven and that he would come out of some special palace, but Jesus, who became a problem in the family, is the Messiah? That’s a ridiculous situation. The conclusion is that you must believe in an unbelievable situation. If that is the case, the conclusion is that there is no one greater than John the Baptist in history.
If Jesus came to the world and used political means and diplomatic tricks to win over those who oppose him, that would be nice... but he spoke oppositely. That's why people do not believe. On top of that, he said, "The five books of Moses are for me. I was before Abraham." Would anyone believe that? He turned the scriptures upside down and turned God's providence upside down, so it could only be like that. While saying that Jesus himself is greater than Moses and greater than the nation of Israel... it is clear that he is on God's side, so he is needed by God.
When the disciples saw this, there were many things they could not understand. Why was that? The condition of indemnity is to believe in an unbelievable situation. You must believe in an unbelievable situation for the restoration of indemnity to happen. Look. After 400 years of suffering in Rome and shedding all that blood, it was made so that you could say there is no God. Can you believe in that God? Can you believe in that God? It is natural for communism to emerge. It has come to the point where you can assert that there is no God. We have come to the point where we can assert in public that there is no God. God is dead... Why did it happen like that? It is the only person who can judge the world of disbelief...
The path of indemnity is the public path and the path of love.
Everyone, I am busy on my path. Do you understand? "Yes." Honestly, will you walk this path? "Yes." It is a lonely path. No one sympathizes with you. Even God does not sympathize. Still, do you want to go? Those who want to go, raise your hands. If so, you will not perish like me... From the world's perspective, am I not a personally successful person? When I go to England, do I have no car, no house? It’s the same in Germany, France, Italy, and wherever I go in 120 countries, I just get off the plane and have a car and a house... I am a person who has nothing to envy. I do not envy the president. (Due to poor recording quality, some parts could not be recorded.)
Now, you have understood what indemnity is. The path of indemnity... Therefore, at first, you do not see what you want to see. You see the things you want to see the least... going to the slums and seeing the babies in diapers, everyone is doing that. (Due to poor recording quality, some parts could not be recorded.)
The teacher has no greed. I can settle it anytime... Everyone, why do Americans... what relationship do they have with Reverend Moon? Even your ancestors, even God Himself... Who does a conscientious person do it for? It is how the heart turns.
Then now you have clearly understood that there is a way to succeed not only on earth but also in heaven, and not only in heaven but also to monopolize the love of God, who is the Lord of heaven and earth. The standard for monopolizing true love from God... This is the only true path of love; there is no other path. Wishing for something else and saying it is somewhere else is all fake. It is all fake.
Everyone, where do you want to go? The people of the world, at first, had a lot of suffering, but they do not know that there is this path. When there is a lot of suffering, they want to narrow it down. They want comfort. So at first, it is narrow, but it gradually rises to something bigger. It is the opposite. (Writing while speaking. Due to poor recording quality, some parts could not be recorded.) Here, this connection point is the valley of the restoration of indemnity.
In the spirit world, you will live for the sake of all people... A private person cannot enter. Because of the Unification Church, the two worlds are clearly separated. Is it clear or not? You now know whether I am a person going to heaven or a person going to hell, my...
One action can clearly determine whether you are going to heaven or hell. There’s no need for excuses. You know that, right? “Yes.” Now, after listening to the teacher's words, you might feel that you must become a devoted follower of the Unification Church, unable to move an inch. Is that good? “Yes.” Whether black, white, or yellow, whether spirits in the spiritual world or any kind of person, no one can enter the kingdom of heaven without going through this formula. You all need to understand this clearly. You need to know where you are going. Do you understand or not? “We understand.” When Buddhas live together, you need to know how to treat their wives. And the same goes for sons and daughters… Just because someone is called Teacher Moon, you cannot act freely.

So, God is a grateful being. God has come forth like this, you see, God. Therefore, I must inherit that tradition. Because it is so public that Satan cannot accuse it, you can escape the world of Satan. It is liberation. 

Do you need a leader? Who would do it if someone is watching or ordering? Would I do it voluntarily? God has granted that privilege. Do it voluntarily! “God! I will now walk this path of indemnity for the world, even if you tell me not to.” That’s how it should be. If you are going to receive indemnity, receive something great. Some people in the Unification Church think, “Those people, they don’t know anything, they just do as they are told and suffer, while I can just watch from behind and go in after everything is done.” Such people are frauds, frauds. Satan does not recognize that law of indemnity.

Knowing this clearly, if you live like this, Satan will accuse you. It means that Satan treats you as Satan. Satan says you are worse than him. There is a law of indemnity and restoration even for Satan. So, you are afraid of Satan, afraid of heaven, and afraid of yourself. If you do not do this, the whole is frightening. Because the whole is frightening, you cannot stay anywhere, so you have no choice but to walk this path. If you walk this path, you will pass safely. Do you understand clearly? “Yes.” Therefore, you must practice this law.

Now you know how to go. Should I talk more? “Yes.” I feel drained now. Oh! It’s almost twelve o’clock. In fact, if I had more time today… I have so much to say to you in the future. However, if I say too much, you will forget.

To conclude, you have learned about God's love, you have learned that the Unification Church is right, and you have learned that there must be Unification Church members. Now, if you walk this path, what will happen? You will all become God's sons and daughters, inherit this universe, and monopolize God's love; that is everything.

At first, you understood what God's love is, right? Then you learned what kind of religion the Unification Church is; it is a united church. It aims to fulfill God's purpose, the Messiah's purpose, and the purpose of all humanity. Do you understand? “Yes.” Finally, what is it? It is how to go to the world of victory. That is through the path of indemnity. Do you know the path of indemnity? “Yes.” What is the content of indemnity? The public path is the content of indemnity. Do you understand? “Yes.” Therefore, we can become true sons and daughters of God and receive all of God's love. (Applause)

Let’s stop here and let me rest. It’s enough now. “Please do more.” It’s half past eleven. Eight, nine, ten, eleven… four and a half hours. So, I think you prepared some entertainment because the teacher came this evening. Did you? “Yes.” It would be good to do that later, but let’s have just one representative team do it, then let’s have a song from the mother and one from me, and then take a break. (Applause. The following words are from after the entertainment, and the earlier part was not recorded.)

Those who walk the path of sacrifice have no concept of ownership; they are public beings. Now, let’s look at our Unification Church. Has there ever been a peaceful day in the life of a Unification Church teacher? Has there been a comfortable day? “No.” Why is that? It’s because God loves us, right? Why? It’s because we have to go through historical indemnity. There are many things that you might not believe when I say them. On the day that you surpass this, God will open the promised path.

But why is the condition of indemnity necessary? It is to develop further. That’s why, when you surpass the era of personal suffering, you can deal with families, and when you establish family indemnity, you can move to tribes, and from the tribal era, you can move to nations, through the conditions of indemnity… Do you understand that? There are many things that cannot be understood theoretically when you look at it this way.

Now, even though God cooperates, what must you become? A sacrifice! You must understand that a sacrifice is not a private being but a public being. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” If you want to walk the path of indemnity… a person who walks a private path can never go there. You can only stand in the position of indemnity with a public purpose; you cannot stand there with a private purpose. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” Because a sacrifice is a public being, everyone must bow down before the sacrifice.

A public being governs the world. A person who has become a sacrifice governs the world. This is a historical fact that you must know. Confucius was like that, Jesus was like that, Muhammad was like that; they all were. Right? “Yes.” Why? They were persecuted, opposed, chased by their nations… A person who sacrificed their life for America governs all the people of America, right? “Yes.”

Now you understand that a person who wants to establish the condition of indemnity cannot have private thoughts. Even when I eat, I do not eat for myself; I eat publicly. I eat for the whole. Even when I sleep… I have no concept of ownership.

That’s why, even when entering a place of death, I cannot complain. Even when I go to a place of death, I cannot complain. Do you know how the lamb appeared as a representative of the sacrifice? The lamb does not resist when the owner stabs it; it accepts the knife and dies with a “baa.” My life is public. 

This thought has become the foundation of religious thought, and the conditions of this indemnity process are necessary for the stage of religious life to develop into a global stage, which believers did not know. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” To become a sacrifice, I must be persecuted in front of individuals. However, if I do not bring out my personal circumstances and remain in public circumstances, the persecution I faced in front of individuals can become a condition of indemnity. That’s how it works. If it were in front of the family, then that persecution would become a condition of indemnity, and if it were in front of society or the nation, the persecution faced would become a condition of indemnity.

That’s why a public being is needed for those on God’s side and also for sinners. When Jesus was crucified and asked to forgive them, it was also to establish the condition of sacrifice. “God, punish those Roman soldiers who stab me and the opposing Israelite nation.” If he said that… right? “Yes.” The same goes for the teacher. Do you understand? “Yes.”

Even though such conditions of indemnity were established, historically, the family of Adam failed, the family of Noah failed, in the time of Abraham, Jacob, they all failed, Moses failed, John the Baptist failed, Jesus failed, and now, all the failures of Christianity must be resolved by some individual, some group, or some nation… Only Teacher Moon knows this.

If someone who knows this does not take responsibility and practice it, a global persecution will come… Let personal persecution come! Let family persecution come! Let tribal persecution come! Let national persecution come! Let global persecution come! In the end, let the persecution of communism come! Let the persecution come even from the spiritual world! Attacking even God… You must stand in this position. Spiritually, even God will test and challenge you.

In that sense, if that is the truth, you will know that Reverend Moon has borne the historical mission. If you don’t know, you cannot do it. Because you know, you can do it. I came to America, but even if the American people oppose me, you all know my position, that I cannot approach them with the feelings of the Korean people and the feelings of the Eastern people. Even if I am opposed in America, I cannot approach them from the perspective of a Korean or an Eastern person. If I cannot do that, it becomes private, not public.

From a position higher than the beloved people, from a position higher than the leaders of the American church, I must approach America from a public perspective regarding the world… Does that fit the formula? “Yes.” It must be public. When Moses broke the tablets, it was not public; it was a private feeling. Isn’t that right? “Yes.” You cannot establish conditions of indemnity from a private standard.

So, who receives the global blessing of God? The one who establishes the conditions of indemnity and wins before God receives it. When this is indemnified, Satan cannot accuse it. God says, “Hey, Satan, you are the one who fell through private desires!” Isn’t that right? “Yes.” Therefore, if you center on yourself, Satan will come in… Our Unification Church members must understand this clearly. Do you understand? “Yes.”

You have no concept of ownership, no concept of ownership. Do you all feel the same? “Yes.” Even if you are turned upside down, do not complain; even if you are kicked in the stomach and kicked in the rear… By being turned upside down, you can add to the conditions of indemnity of heaven and earth, and by being kicked in the stomach and stabbed, you can add to the conditions of indemnity of this world; it does not diminish.

You should not even feel sympathy for receiving indemnity. Don’t do it. It’s just between God and me; a third party is unnecessary. The relationship with a third party has ruined the world. Because Satan made mistakes in the relationship with a third party, everyone fell. Do not believe anyone. Do not listen to anyone… Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.”

In that sense, Reverend Moon is the most pitiful person in the universe. I cannot trust friends, and I cannot discuss anything with even the closest people. No matter how much I have a mother and a wife and children, I cannot talk about it. It’s just God and me. This cannot be broken… Now you will understand this. You understand what the conditions of indemnity are, right? “Yes.” You understand how to walk the path of restoration in the Unification Church? It is through indemnity.

To conclude with one word, there is a way to win here. Do you want to know? “Yes.” “When should I quickly die publicly…” You must find the path to die quickly. I will sacrifice my life for the world… Now, if I promise to sacrifice and walk this path but have not died yet, it is not public. So, for something greater, for something greater, for something greater… Then, if you establish the conditions of indemnity, God will hold on and weep. That is something you must know personally. You know it. Otherwise, you cannot shake off Satan.

Satan is private, and God is whole and public. This is the difference. Do you understand now? “Yes.” Therefore, even when doing business, do it publicly. You must work harder. You must find at least one more for God. The teacher must also walk the public path. If there is one person, hold onto that person and evangelize. Open the way for many people… That’s why when I walk the same path, I must think that I should walk together.

Here, you may not know the conditions of indemnity, but you must know that the teacher is paving the way for you. If you can attend without any value, that is a grateful thing. When you build a bridge to find the nation, I will use my head. If you can cross, I will say, “Hurry up, hurry up.” I will do anything… If you can go, I will say, “Step on me and go over.”

Is there any complaint on the path of indemnity? Can you complain? On the day you complain, you are on Satan’s side as a private being. It is immediately caught. This strict world… The boundary between heaven and Satan, between the evil world and the good world, is being built around the issue of public works through the sacrificial offering, and until now, the world has not known this. The teacher thinks this deeply. If God says, “Now, abandon your children!” I will abandon them. I have already decided, and if He says, “Abandon your beloved wife today!” I think that is also no problem. If He says, “Abandon the Unification Church entirely!” I think that is also no problem. Even greater things are no problem.

If you understand this, you will surely know what the teacher’s life is like. If the teacher had not taken on such responsibility, God would have to take responsibility for me spiritually. Can that happen? That cannot happen. I take responsibility. When I enter that position, even if I am in a place where I spit blood, where I am beaten and fall into the brink of life and death, God cannot help me. You will understand the feeling that I cannot pray to God for help. Do not worry; I will not die. As long as I am alive, I will take responsibility for this… Do you understand what that means? “Yes.”

Therefore, when you ask about the teacher through the spiritual world, you will cry. I am the most pitiful person in the world. Only God knows, only God. You didn’t know this when you didn’t say such things, right? “Yes.” Now that you have crossed all these hills, I am saying this. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.”

Now, you must believe in the teacher and follow the teacher. Build a bridge… If you want to go, sign in the name of God and the name of the True Parents, and I will definitely grant you the inheritance of sons and daughters. I will sign for you. (Applause) In return, our mother and father… God is public, the teacher is public, and I am also walking a public path, so you must have the belief that you can go anywhere. You must not forget this. It is public, public.

Whenever you carry a burden, day or night, if you decide to go anywhere until I die, you can surpass the authority of the conditions of indemnity. Do you understand? “Yes.” You must be grafted in. You cannot be separated. What is the main thought here? It is public thought. So, what must I do before I die? I must do something more public. I must say that I will die for the world rather than for the nation.

I must go to another neighborhood rather than doing it in my own neighborhood, to another state rather than doing it in my own state, to another country rather than doing it in my own country. I must say that I will go to Asia rather than to Western countries, to Africa rather than to Asia, and eventually to the communist world. I must say that I will go to more difficult places.

Now is the time when it is not the dead who resurrect, but the living who say they will die and resurrect. It is not the dead who resurrect; it is the living body that says it will die and is undergoing substantial resurrection. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” As Jesus said, those who say they will die will live, and those who say they will live will die. They stake their lives… Knowing this formula, when you read the Bible, it will be immediately resolved. Do you understand? “Yes.” For the sake of creating public sons of God, I am placing a heavier burden.
This physical world is short-lived. It is not long. Once you realize that, you will feel that the time spent sleeping is a waste, and the time spent eating is a waste. Even eating is done while moving. Sleeping is done while moving, and playing is done while moving... How miserable is that? The more so, you receive blessings that no one in the world can receive. You can inherit all of God's blessings...

Now, you need to understand that this is a historical fact. If you do this in that country, the name will remain in that country. Reverend Moon is currently a subject of controversy in American society, but even if I were to die, this ideology will be inherited by the American people. They cannot not inherit it. Do you understand that? "Yes." (Applause)

That is why fighting leads to victory, and going leads to triumph. Does that sound like a fact, or does it sound like a lie? "It seems like a fact." Look again at biblical history, whether it is so or not. Forget about biblical history for a moment and look at Eastern and Western history again. Don't you remember the person who sacrificed for you at any time? If you live for the world and humanity, the people of the world will remember you. If the Unification Church moves for the world, the people of the world will remember the Unification Church and its path... That is a certain principle.

Will the intellectuals, the smart people, deny this principle or affirm it? "They affirm it." This is an undeniable truth. It is just that this truth was not known in such concrete terms. No matter how much you try to discover why... So, do you want to walk this path or not? "I will go." "Oh, I want to get married, but I can't go the path of death." This cannot happen.

What will you choose? Will you choose a lady or a man, or will you choose the public path? "I will choose the public path." Because you understand this clearly, if you remove this concept and go anywhere... If you deviate from this, and stand in a position where you are caught, you will discover that there is no greater suffering than that. By then, it will already be too late. You need to understand that there are many such people.

Everyone, if you cannot do it in this short period of time on earth, you will have to go for eternity, for eternity. If you go with such a concept centered around yourself, there will be no way to escape in the afterlife. You must first establish the condition of indemnity on this earth. How difficult it is to do it through people on the earth after you die, you cannot even imagine. "Even if I die a million times, I should have gone..." Just look at how much regret there is.

So, in your youth... I have lost all my youth... (The recording cuts off and is not included) *

Indemnity

What time did you sleep last night? "I slept at 2 o'clock." What time did you wake up in the morning? "I woke up at 6 o'clock." You will feel sleepy. "No." Originally, this morning was not supposed to be a gathering, but since I stopped by, I said to gather to see your faces for a moment and to say a few words before leaving.

I know that many fundraising teams have come here this time; let’s see them raise their hands. Put them down.

The path of indemnity is the path desired by God and humanity.

You learned last night, as I mentioned, that we are "going out for indemnity and restoration." However, there is no indemnity and restoration on a normal foundation. Therefore, the path of a believer, especially the path of the Unification Church, is to joyfully walk an abnormal path for the world. This is the path that God desires, and it is the path that humanity desires, as you have understood.

When you see people experiencing miserable or unhappy events in the world, we can observe that there are two types of people from this perspective. There are those who become unhappy due to punishment, and then there are those who become unhappy based on the principle of indemnity, bearing the public burden. The former leads to destruction. However, those who become unhappy from a public standpoint develop more as time goes on. This is different. It means they are getting closer to God.

Everyone, what is the fastest way to succeed? It is the path of indemnity. Until now, because you did not know this content, you said, "We need to do good deeds. We need to sacrifice for others," but this has not been established theoretically. "Be good! Be good to others! Let's walk the good path!" All of this means to walk the path of indemnity. Those are the kinds of people. Isn't that right? "Yes."

If you understand this principle, all problems of life and history will be resolved, and all issues related to the moral order that has been established in our social life will be resolved based on this principle.

When we consider whether America is an unhappy country or a happy country, if we say, "America is unhappy," and if America stands in an unhappy position because of itself, then America is a hopeless country, a country that can receive divine punishment. However, if it stands in an unhappy position because of humanity, then America is a country that can develop. This is the conclusion.

Korea is a country that has become a sacrifice for the world and for God.

On one hand, when the conditions for indemnity are established, the opposing environment persecutes and opposes. They mock because they think it is wrong. If you go the wrong way in God's eyes, you will be mocked, and all blessings will be taken away from you. Do you understand? Do you understand now? "Yes." All of this will be resolved.

So, what is the most pitiful country in the world? Let's find out. Find it. "Korea." What? Korea? Since we are on the topic, let’s talk about it. When you look at Korea, it did not become so miserable because of itself. Korea became like that because of the United States and the Soviet Union... Because the United States could not take responsibility, Korea became like that. It did not happen because of itself; ultimately, it happened because other countries could not take responsibility.

Then, it has been oppressed by Japan. However, if the Korean people understood, "I stand in a public position, and I am going through this persecution and suffering for Asia and the world," it would be good, but it is difficult to understand that.

When we look at the whole world, now only Korea and Germany remain as the battleground between the communist world and the democratic world. One is divided into North and South, and the other is divided into East and West. Isn't that right? "Yes." You need to understand that this is the final dividing line.

Germany could have become like that because they did something wrong during World War II, but Korea became like that without any wrongdoing. Considering the fact that Korea has become a sacrifice and is still suffering in the democratic world and the communist world, we need to think about whether the people of that country are suffering because they are being punished or whether they are receiving indemnity on behalf of God's providence. If they became like that because of punishment, then that country has no hope. But if they became like that by taking on the indemnity, then the more suffering they endure, the more blessings they can receive from the world.

That is why, when you look at the current world situation, the country that occupies Korea can occupy Asia. The Soviet Union also needs Korea. When the Soviet Union occupies Korea, it will occupy Japan. China also needs Korea. If China occupies Korea, it will occupy Japan. If the United States cannot occupy Korea, it will lose Japan and Asia. This is how important it is. Therefore, these great powers are connected around Korea and are competing with each other, and it is a natural conclusion that a country that retreats from here will fall out of the balance of power in the world.

Originally, if there had been no Vietnam War, the United States would have been in a position to withdraw from Korea. God made it so that the United States could not withdraw, and that is the Vietnam War. Now, it is inescapable that the United States must hold onto Korea. It is in a fate where it must fight to the death. Do you understand that? Because of such Korea, Korea has been in a position to fail in Asia until now, but from now on, it is on the path of development. And if it establishes conditions for indemnity before God for the world and all nations, Korea will be able to greatly contribute to God's will and to humanity ideologically. This logic can also be found here. Does that not contradict itself? Does it seem like a fact? "Yes." Therefore, you can find the perspective that a new global religion centered on God's will will arise here, and that a new providence of God will appear to replace history. From that perspective, it is not a coincidence that the Unification Church emerged from such Korea.

The Unification Church, which has come out bearing Korea's internal mission.

Because Korea has become a sacrifice for heaven, it can only present a new path to humanity by finding the deepest concerns of heaven through this principle of indemnity.

The Korean people did not know this, but the Unification Church in Korea, which has borne an internal mission, has been walking the path of indemnity with gratitude for decades, which is amazing. However, the Korean people have opposed the Unification Church. The nation opposed it, and everyone opposed it. What does that mean? It is to bind the blessings of heaven here. Even though there was opposition, now the nation and the Korean people have entered a stage where they cannot do without the Unification Church. (Applause) From that perspective, if Korea has fulfilled the mission of indemnity, then the people have now entered an era where they can understand the path of indemnity and seek it.

In Korea, "Reverend Moon" is famous. Everyone knows it. It is even more famous than in America. (Applause) While there are many who oppose it in America, in Korea, the opposition has diminished, and now we have entered a stage where only the good is known. (Applause)

Here, Asian people living in America, whether they are Chinese or Japanese, will soon say, "Hey, Reverend Moon did not arise from Korea, but from Asia." It will happen. (Applause)

Now look. If white people and Americans keep opposing Reverend Moon, the yellow race will unite with Reverend Moon, and then even the black people will unite with Reverend Moon, and all people of color will unite with Reverend Moon. Do you understand that? Does that seem likely? "Yes." This is how the path of indemnity goes, where one side faces opposition, but on the other side, there is a strategy to gain.

And among white people, half will say, "What is wrong with Reverend Moon? He is absolutely necessary for America." It will be split right down the middle. Do you think that is possible? Do you think it can happen? "Yes." This is how history changes.

The conditions that a country must meet to become a sacrifice for the world.

Now, when we consider the most important place in the world, whether it is Germany or Korea that can determine the victory of the democratic world and the communist world, you need to understand that it is not Germany, but Korea. Why? Because Korea is the last country remaining in Asia where the four great powers are competing in the historical era. We know this.

Let’s briefly discuss why that is the case. This is something you need. To understand the present, we must understand history... Without knowing history, we cannot understand the present. Now, let’s use this principle to analyze history.

After indemnity, blessings must come. This is a principle. You learned that from the principles, right? Whether in Jacob's course, Moses' course, or Jesus' course, it is all the same. This also applies to history.

To succeed, you must endure hardships, right? You must study, lose sleep, and suffer without food. Then, there will be joyful days, becoming an honor student, a PhD, a renowned person. Isn't that right? However, if that person studies not for themselves but for the whole, then the whole will honor them. This is true even in this world, right? "Yes."

Then, when we look at the historical era, which nation has endured the most suffering while standing in a public position and holding onto heaven? Let’s find out which nation that would be. It must be a single ethnic group, a single ethnic group.

What about a country like America? Therefore, America must fall out of that. It will fall out. Even if you say it is not so, it cannot be helped. America must either bear the sins or unite with those who offer sacrifices to receive blessings; it must do one of the two.

So, why has America developed in modern times? It is because it attracted all those who were opposed because of faith, because of God, and who were opposed due to their public names. "Come! Come!" That is how it is. This is a secret to receiving blessings. Isn't that so? They brought in all the famous people from everywhere, and now they have gathered all the smart people in the world to create a comprehensive civilization... That is why, in the last 200 years, there has been global development. That is a historical fact.

Therefore, welcoming those public people who offer sacrifices and receiving blessings is where America is the champion. You need to understand that. The reason American people have been blessed is not because they are good, but because they welcomed those who are receiving indemnity and protected them on God's side. They received blessings because of others, not because of themselves. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, the American people have nothing to boast about being the first nation.

Now, if Reverend Moon becomes a little more famous in a good sense, those who want to expel him will suddenly change and say, "Reverend Moon, please don't go, please don't go." Please don't go, please don't go... (Laughter) They will say they will give him as much money as he wants to stay... At that time, I might not be here. It is different. Why? It is the end, the end. It is time to finish, the end. At the end, I must go my own way. I must go my own way. I can understand that before it is over.

So, is a country that will become a sacrifice a big country or a small country? "It is a small country." Why? Because God thinks publicly but does not want to sacrifice many people. When offering a sacrifice, what kind of sacrifice should it be? It must be pure, it must be pure. It should not be mixed with blood or be mottled. It must be a single ethnic group. The sacrificial lamb must not have black spots. It must not be mottled. You need to understand that. If there are spots, it is not acceptable. Do you understand that? "Yes."

When you take apples or grains as sacrifices, it is not about making them big. You must prepare them to be beautiful, flawless, and just well-shaped. It is the same. That is why it must be a single ethnic group. Do you understand? "Yes."

When you look at America, America has shed a lot of the blood of the Indians. It has shed a lot of the blood of the weak Indians. Do you understand? "Yes." The sacrificial lamb must shed its own blood. A nation that makes others shed blood cannot be accepted. Do you understand that? "Yes." If God exists, it must be so.
So, which nation will we find in this world? The path to finding that nation is becoming increasingly narrow. What does that mean? We can conclude that the nation is composed of a pure ethnic group with a long history that has never invaded another country throughout history, and is a single ethnic group. Furthermore, this ethnic group has maintained its identity and has been a nation that has clung to heaven and has been oppressed. That makes sense, right? "Yes." They have always been chased, colonized, occupied, and persecuted.

Now, let’s look for such an ethnic group in the world. Which ethnic group would you point out? Which country would you name? "Korea." Setting Korea aside. "Israel." That's correct, Israel.

When we consider this principle of indemnity, if there is an ethnic group that will be a significant issue in history, that group is the Israeli people. This can be discovered through this principle of indemnity. It is theoretically correct, isn't it? "Yes."

Next, what other country is there? One is Israel in the Middle East, and the next is Korea. Korea has a history of 5,000 years but has never invaded another country. It has suffered invasions from outside forces over 270 times, but it is a special ethnic group that has never invaded others. Despite that, it has not perished. It has not perished. Isn't that strange? Minor ethnic groups always revere God. Do you understand that? "Yes." If we point out such countries, they are Israel and, in Asia, Korea. There is none other than Korea. Now, among scholars today... Who were the central members that developed Chinese civilization and contributed to ancient civilization? They were Koreans. This is becoming clear. Looking at history, we can now see that, through a long historical process, this nation has pursued goodness, art, and culture while revering heaven deeply and profoundly.

Now, which other country is there? There seems to be none. Therefore, the Israeli people and the Korean people are the problematic nations in world history. This has emerged. A problem, a problem.

The blessings of God bestowed upon America must be protected by us. The conflicts in Asia are all due to Korea. The Sino-Japanese War, the Russo-Japanese War, and the Greater East Asia War, that is, the conflict between America and Japan, are all because of Korea. Where did communism and democracy first clash? It was in Korea, right? "Yes." Why did people from 16 nations come to shed blood in a conflict akin to a civil war in one country? When communism and democracy faced off globally, the only place where young people from around the world gathered and shed blood was Korea. Not Vietnam or anywhere else. Isn't that right? "Yes."

The name United Nations forces originated because of Korea. It is a historical event, a historical event. The survival of the UN depended on the Korean War, and if America had established Korea as the center of Asia and supported it, America would have become a nation capable of dominating the world’s UN forces and could have always dominated the UN organization. However, because it failed to do so, it has entered a stage where it could lose that army and the countries of the UN.

Thus, now in the UN, America is isolated. Everyone is opposed, opposed. Isn't that so? "Yes." Now, why has America been cornered? Is it because it took on the responsibility for the world and was cornered, or is it because it failed to take responsibility and was cornered? Earlier, it was said that if one is persecuted and cornered, there is a way to receive blessings. Is it for receiving blessings or as a punishment for losing blessings? What is it? "It is a punishment for losing blessings."

That is why America will perish. America will perish. We can conclude through the principle of indemnity that if America does not repent of its liberal tendencies and unite again for the world and for God’s will, there is no hope for America.

Can the American government do that? "No, it cannot." Can the CIA do that? "No, it cannot." Can the American military do that? "No, it cannot." Then, can the scientific power that sends satellites to the moon do that? "No, it cannot." Can money do it? Nothing from civilized society can do that.

From my perspective, knowing the principle of indemnity, it will perish. It is not far off. Then who will do it? "We will." If there are young people in the Unification Church in this nation who can step forward and say, "I will repent on behalf of America, which has failed to take responsibility and has harmed Christianity and this world," then there is hope. But if there are no such people, there is no hope. Therefore, the fact that there is a Unification Church is a hope.

We aim to establish all conditions to inherit America’s blessings before it perishes due to the opposition of the American people. This is the movement we are engaged in. Do you understand? We must set up conditions to inherit before it perishes. Do you understand? "Yes." Then it concludes that there is a way for America not to perish because of us. Who is proclaiming that? "Reverend Moon." Reverend Moon, Reverend Moon.

From this perspective, we must understand that an unexpected Asian person has made a great contribution to American history, and it is not just remarkable; it has the potential to emerge as the pinnacle of hope in American history.

So how precious is the guest that has come? Is it less than Brezhnev? Is it better? "It is better." Is it less than Mao Zedong of China? "It is better." Recently, when the Emperor of Japan came, there was a lot of fuss. Those people are nothing, but when you think about it, Reverend Moon should be elevated to the heavens, yet he is trampled upon. You must understand that I can apply the brakes to America’s path to destruction and instead indemnify it.

I know this historical... I know myself. I know myself. Think about how I am treated like this, how I am treated poorly in such a position. This is all... So, "You will lose your blessings, so I will manage them and distribute them back to you." Otherwise, you will lose all of God's blessings, the blessings of 6,000 years, on this earth. You must understand that I am doing this to inevitably protect those blessings.

The American people, however, you young people in the Unification Church must recognize the teacher as a precious guest and do your best, saying, "Teacher, whatever you say, whatever you ask me to do, I will do it all with gratitude." Because of you, I can forgive.

Therefore, "Let everything bound in America be released, even if it means beating these children, us." That must be your demand. Is that right? "Yes." Do you treat the teacher with the utmost respect? "Yes." That is all the principle of indemnity.

If you understand the principle of indemnity, the problems of life and the world will be resolved. 

Now, if we keep talking like this... What time is it now? Should we continue? "Yes." When you go to school, if the lecture time is only two hours, you fall asleep, get bored, and oppose the teacher, right? Don’t you oppose the teacher? You were gathered early in the morning without breakfast... Did you eat? But you want to continue? "Yes." Then they say your head has gone round. (Applause) Is it okay to say the world is crazy? "Yes." Then let’s talk.

Let’s take a look at history. Now, which ethnic group in this world has received the most blessings? It is the Israeli people. God promised to entrust the world to the Israeli people. He entrusted the world, the world.

But what did Israel not know? They thought only the people of Israel were entrusted. They thought only the people of Israel would remain and only they would receive blessings and live, but that is not the case. The Israeli people did not know that the world must receive blessings and live. God's will is to save all humanity. All humanity, all humanity. It is to liberate humanity. If humanity can be liberated, God would even sacrifice the Israeli people, and they did not know that. Did the Israeli people know this? They did not know. "Hey, we are a persecuted nation, God's chosen people... When the Messiah comes, he will crush everything and save only us, and the whole world will belong to us." They thought it would be like that.

The Israeli people did not know. The Messiah does not come only for the Israeli people, only for themselves. The Messiah comes not for the Israeli people but to save the world through the Israeli people, and they did not know that. They thought everything would end when the Messiah came, but that is not the case. The Messiah did not come like that. Because the Messiah comes bearing the principle of indemnity, it appears miserable, and the Israeli people did not know that. If they had known our principle of indemnity...

Thus, they ended the 4,000 years of history meant for the Messiah with the history of killing the Messiah. Is that God's will? "No." Did Jesus come to die? That’s nonsense. From here, the Israeli people are abandoned. Then where does this blessing go? Which nation becomes the greatest enemy of the Israeli nation? "Rome." It goes to Rome, to Rome. It is a shocking event, this. It is a lamentable event. Did that happen or not? "It happened." Christianity was transferred to Rome. Christianity should have taken root in Israel and Israel should have dominated the world centered on Christianity, but the fact that it was transferred to Rome is lamentable. Isn’t that right? It fits the principle, right? "Yes."

Then to whom will this world be entrusted? It was entrusted to the Israeli people, but...
Because they could not take responsibility, God could not help but transfer this to the Roman people. Why? From now on, I will explain that. Why could it not be transferred? If they cannot take responsibility, who will take this blessing? Satan will take it. Where does the blessing that was here go? It goes to Rome. To the enemy.

So, in order to reclaim that, to receive it back, they have to enter there. They must indemnify, indemnify. Ultimately, because they must indemnify the 4,000 years of history of that nation, they did all sorts of things for 400 years. Personally, they were beheaded, entire families were beheaded, and all the church members were beheaded. However, they become stronger. The more they do that, the stronger they become, and the more united they are. They come to take it back. This is how, when it reached its limit, Rome became a Christian nation, a Christian state.

So, although the Roman Empire was an enemy, by re-establishing the blessing on the side of the enemy, they made the enemy's nation a country that receives heavenly blessings. God intended to entrust the world to the Israelite people centered on Jesus, but because Israel fell, they could not do so. Christianity entered Rome and indemnified, and finally, the Roman people came to take charge of the world. They dominate the world. Do you understand? Because the Roman Catholic Church could not take responsibility, England inherited that blessing.

So, what was God's will at that time? It was not only for the Roman people, nor was it for the Catholic Church. If this Catholic Church had become one that serves God's will to save all of humanity, it would have become a Catholic for humanity, then Rome would have conquered the world. If it had become a Roman papacy that serves the world, not for the church and not for the Roman papacy...

Now, if that had happened, would the world have become one or not? What do you think? Would it have become one world or not? "It would have." If that had happened, today’s humanism, humanitarianism, and communism could not have appeared. If the Italian people had fulfilled their responsibilities, they would have made the world one, but because the Roman papacy became corrupt and focused on dogmatism and ecclesiastical authority, rather than taking the place of humanity as a sacrificial position, they exploited the world instead. Therefore, God could not help but intervene. He could not help but punish them, and He could not help but let them fall.

What happened there was a movement opposing the Catholic Church. So, who receives the blessing? The Protestant Church receives the blessing of the Catholic Church. And who receives the external authority of the Roman papacy? The factions that opposed it receive it.

Which country unites with Protestant thought and directly attacks the Roman Catholic Church? Who is the enemy that directly attacks? In other words, which country, based on Protestantism, riding the wave of Protestantism, attacks the Roman Catholic Church? Which country is that? "England." It is England.

You all know Anne Boleyn during the time of Henry VIII, right? Due to a love affair, while negotiating with the Catholic Church over the issue of divorce, when they opposed him, he opposed the entire Catholic Church. So, he organized a new parliament, amended the laws, and created the Anglican Church, completely opposing the Catholic system. Isn’t that a fact? "Yes." This is a historical event.

So, who inherits the blessing? England inherits it. At that time, England was a Christian nation. It was different from Rome. Think about it. How could the island nation of England, the Anglo-Saxon people, boast of being a country where the sun never sets and could move the world? If God does not bless, it cannot happen. Can it happen without God's blessing? "It cannot."

At that time, what did Queen Elizabeth I do during her reign from 1558 to 1603? What did she do during her reign? She realized that a nation that holds maritime power cannot dominate the world. God trained England more than any other country.

What was unfavorable for England at that time? Because it was an island nation, pirates from Norway and Scandinavia could attack England at any time. Because of such unfavorable conditions, the English people had to hold maritime power. And as a weak nation, they had to believe in God anew. They trained on this foundation of faith.

At that time, countries like Spain, Portugal, and the Netherlands were in the midst of world development and colonial development, but because Queen Elizabeth of England quickly caught on to the idea of dominating the world centered on maritime power, England became a country that could indeed dominate the world. This is something you must understand, that it was because of the queen.

As you all know, South America was under Spanish control, and North America was under British control, but at that time, they could not compete with Spain. So, Queen Elizabeth of England maintained harmony with Spain while taking an internal offensive. By doing this, she protected North America. You all know this historical fact well. They protected North America, right? Isn’t that so? 

Thus, in other words, God abandoned the Italian people and entrusted the world to the Anglo-Saxon people. Do you understand that? "Yes." At that time, centered on Protestantism, with a new Christian system opposing Roman Catholicism, Henry VIII had to repent and unite with the people to absorb all the opposition to Rome in Europe. They had to completely absorb it.

If that had happened, all the believers who were active in Europe opposing Protestantism would have gathered in England. They wouldn’t have had to come to America. They would not have come to America; they would have gone to England.

Because England could not take responsibility, the blessing was transferred to America through the Puritans. What are the Puritans in American history? Due to Henry VIII's wrongful love affair in England, the Anglican Church was created, but they opposed that church, carried out the Puritan movement, and corrected everything that the English Parliament had done, establishing a new parliament centered on God's will, creating a new church that was not tainted. This is the Puritan movement.

They were supposed to create such a parliament, establish a new country, and create a new church that God desired, but because they could not establish a new system, England remained in its old framework and opposed it, they had no choice but to seek a new country, crossing the Atlantic on the ship Mayflower. These are the so-called "Pilgrim Fathers" you speak of. It is nothing different.

If England had digested such a new faith movement, if they had digested Protestantism, they would have truly become the United Kingdom. Then, with respect to all the colonies of the world, they would have established their policies to fulfill God's will, and united with the church, they would have worked to instill faith in all of humanity, constructing the world like their own England. If that had happened, England would have unified the world. They would have made one world. If England had done that, would they have dominated the world or not? Think about it. "They would have."

If they had established such a tradition, when they came to America, they could have absorbed any nation that desired religious freedom. If the training had been done in England, they would have been able to digest any nation that sought religious freedom when they came to American soil. If that had happened, there would have been no such thing as the War of Independence. Would it have happened or not? "It would not have happened."

Ultimately, what is it? England could not take that responsibility. England was clearly entrusted with the responsibility to save all of humanity for God’s will in the third phase, yet what did they do in the historical process of about 300 to 400 years? England made the colonies for England, not for heaven. We must recognize that mistake here.

You see, the Industrial Revolution occurred in England, and the new faith movement and today’s democratic parliamentary system also originated in England. Everything... As a vanguard of this new Protestant stage, England became the birthplace of all civilizations because of God’s providence, yet no one knows this.

For example, England ruled India for 300 years, and if they had loved the Indian people more than their own citizens and made India a central country where God's will could be established in Asia, a country that could move Asia, England would not have fallen. They would have dominated Asia. Would that have happened or not? God’s will was yielded to England, which was the enemy of Rome. There is no doubt about that. Then, where does the blessing of England go? Because England could not fulfill its responsibilities, because it could not fulfill the responsibility of saving the world, where does this blessing move?

God, after being opposed by established religions, sought religious freedom and established the Puritans, who pursued a new global faith and a new nation that God could govern. You must understand that the heavenly blessing began to move from England to this America they established.

Thus, because of this, transnationally... If England had taken responsibility, whether black, Indian, or Asian people, or white Europeans centered on the Anglo-Saxon people, they would have united completely. However, because they could not take responsibility, because they exploited Asia and Africa centered on the English people, we must understand that England could not help but be removed before God’s will.

Because they formed one nation centered on God, blessed America. God’s will is transnational. So, what was the reason the blessing moved to America? Because all the European nations moved to America. Why? Because of faith. They all gathered to oppose Catholicism and for a new ideal faith.

You must understand that without the background of this movement opposing Catholicism, a nation like America could not have emerged. They came here because of the freedom of faith. Spain and the Netherlands were also Catholic, but when they came... Then, England itself opposed the faith standards they did not want, and when they came here, there were fears of the Indians, threats from Spain, threats from the Netherlands, and so on. Therefore, they had no choice but to unite based on the standard of the Protestant movement to maintain their faith.

If Christianity had not existed, if this freedom of faith had not existed, if the various nations of Europe had been divided, they would never have been able to unite. Ultimately, in order to maintain their faith, they had to unite, even if they did not want to.

Whether it was England coming, Spain coming, or France coming, they all came here after being opposed, yet when they followed and tried to dominate here, all the people who loved Protestantism united and attacked. This is the War of Independence.

So, risking their lives... You see, if you look at the War of Independence, no one ever thought that the independence forces would win against the British army. No one thought that the independence forces would defeat Britain... At that time, Britain was like the sun of the world. Wherever you went in the world, it was all connected to Britain. No one thought that the independence forces in America would win against Britain. At that time, the independence forces fought out of necessity, but it was an environment where they could not think they would win. Don’t you think so? "I think so."

Then how did they win? God protected them, God protected them... Therefore, by winning the War of Independence, they truly realized that heaven was with them. Thus, they said, "Let us unite and form one nation." Under the title "One Nation Under God," they formed an ideal nation centered on Protestantism. This is what you must understand as the independent nation called America.

The fact that they became one transnationally is God’s will. It is what God desires. Even now, America is centered on the Anglo-Saxon people, opposing black people, which is for the enemy that can break the blessing of America, the blessing received from God. Did that happen or not? History shows it, doesn’t it? "Yes."

Having inherited England's blessing, who then took charge of the world? The American people, this composite nation, centered on God's love and Christian thought, formed a new transnational foundation, and this American people took responsibility for the world again. This is the first time in history.

So, who is England's enemy? "America." The enemy of the Church of England is the Puritans, and the enemy of the nation is the American people, the independence forces. Isn’t that right? Did it match the official narrative or not? "It matched." This is not taking away the blessing but pulling it out and making it God’s side.

Then, if you say America is where God’s love and will are, you might ask, "Is the massacre of the Indians also God's love and will?" How did America receive blessings even after killing them?

Look. At that time, the Indians were the owners, and they were the guests. If the guests had come into their country, they should not have been treated as enemies but should have been treated well, and then the Indians would receive blessings.

Look. The British settlers came, and now in America, they boast about the "Pilgrim Fathers" and "Puritanism," but when those people crossed the Atlantic and arrived here with nothing to eat, would they have taken corn from the Indians’ fields? Would they have stolen it or not? "They would have." Because they could not afford to die.

So, despite this... When they were hungry, they should have taken it, eaten it, and loved it, becoming a protector, but they could not do that. These people, who came for the freedom of faith, did not first attack the Indians and kill them. They did not attack first. If the Indians had accepted the Westerners and united, giving up their land and farming together to share food, the Indians would have become the central nation that could move this country.

With such motives, such emotions piled up, the immigrants later committed historical sins like purging. That will have to be indemnified someday.

They should have welcomed those who came carrying God’s will, but because they opposed it, it was inevitable. In other words, at the very beginning...
I should have welcomed the white people coming in, but as I began to oppose that, ultimately such a miserable thing happened. Therefore, we need to understand that America is a country that has taken responsibility for the world. After 200 years, it has become a powerful nation capable of moving the world. Did the American people achieve this? No, God did it, God.

Because a nation was formed centered around this new faith, and because it was composed of a super-national entity, and because it stood in a position to align with God's will, God could not help but bless this nation to take responsibility for the world.

That is why, during World War I, it was because of America that England won. England and France won, all of them. Isn't that true? Did England win because of England or because of America? "It was because of America." It was because of America. Even in World War II, with operations like Normandy, Eisenhower and others executed strategies that, right after World War II, placed the responsibility of managing and overseeing all territories in opposition to the democratic world on America. 

America, which failed to fulfill its responsibility to God and the world.

Therefore, if America had only thought wisely, it could have managed all the countries occupied by Germany's Hitler, and then Korea and China occupied by Japan. It could have tightly bound the world together. So, could America have done that at that time? "Yes, it could have."

But why negotiate with the Soviet Union? Why sit the Soviet Union at the table? "You are going to fail, but didn't you win because of us?" With a strong community system centered around that, America should have taken the lead. Who divided West Germany? It wasn't the Soviet Union; it was America's mistake that caused the division. The way Korea ended up like that, and the fact that it should have managed all the way to China, is also America's fault. The creation of the 38th parallel is all due to America. The division of West and East Germany is also... Is that so, or not? "That's right." America had the authority to do so.

This is how a strong United Nations was formed... Isn't that why the UN was created? By creating UN forces and having a strong leadership to suppress the Soviet Union, it was America's responsibility to strengthen this world organization to have the power to suppress and surpass the Soviet Union, yet it failed to do so.

At that time, if Truman had not dismissed General MacArthur when he dispatched troops to Korea and had followed MacArthur's words, it would have been a historic opportunity to occupy all of China and eliminate the Soviet Union, but that chance was lost. At that time, it was a great opportunity to manage all the territories ruled by England and France, including China and India, and Southeast Asia. Truly, America could have managed more than half of the world, two-thirds of it... Would that have been possible or not? "It would have been."

Right after World War II, America had the foundation of heavenly blessings to become a leader in world development, capable of exerting a leading influence anywhere in the world, but it lost that because it failed to take responsibility.

What did America think? Like England in the past, it thought of democracy for America, a world for America. It did not realize that it was God's will for America to be for God and for the world. It must understand that God's will is to sacrifice America to save the world.

After creating the UN... Who turned this UN into a rag? America created it and then turned it into a rag. Who occupied the UN? "Communism." Do you know why? Because the enemy steals blessings. It has taken Asia, Europe, Africa, and South America; it is all being taken away. Would God feel good about that? "No." When this great nation was fleeing from Vietnam, God must have said, "Hey, you fool, you fool."

Who would believe in America? Who would trust it? If you know that, American youth should feel indignation. "Ah, so this is God's will. America was blessed to save the world, yet it has become a nation that destroys the world." When you think of that, you should feel indignation.

From the 1950s to the 1960s... In the 14 years after World War II, all the preparations to dominate the world were made, yet it ended up in a mess, sick and unable to act.

Do you think America took responsibility? "No." You cannot deny this historical fact. Look. If Germany becomes communist, France becomes communist, and Italy becomes communist, those countries will say, "This America, this guy!" And all the countries in Asia will say, "This America, this guy!" and regard it as an enemy. Even the fallen nations will regard it as an enemy, and the communists will regard it as an enemy saying, "It will perish, it will perish." If the American people do not awaken, wherever they go in the world, those nations will want to beat them to death saying, "This American guy!"

Now, look. The Philippines is the same, and the airport issue in Thailand is the same. They are all rebelling against America. Is that so, or not? "That's right." God entrusted this world to America, yet it has made a mess of it, so how can America not perish?

It is God's punishment. Drugs, moral decay, the destruction of family systems, and the collapse of churches. That is why communists say, "America is our food." Do you know that this is the time? You should not boast that you are American citizens. You must understand that you have become a shameful nation before heaven and earth, and a shameful nation that cannot hold its head high before humanity.

The Israelite nation should have united around Jesus and gone out into the world. America has ruined the world and ruined Christianity. If America falls, who will take over? Japan and Germany were enemies of the democratic world during World War II, yet how did they become blessed nations after World War II? You must understand that. If America falls, if America fails to take responsibility... Do you think Japan and Germany will side with America? Not a chance. If East and West unite and Japan strengthens its military power, America will no longer be needed. They cannot trust America.

Now, look. The will of God has reached America, but now to whom will this world be entrusted? That is the question. Where will it go? Because of the failure of the Jewish people to fulfill their responsibility... Originally, Christian civilization should not have become Western civilization. Because Jesus died, Christian civilization passed to the Western people.

If the Jews had embraced Jesus, would Christianity have gone to Rome? Think about what would have happened. Look. If at that time the Jews had united with Jesus, a kingdom centered around Jesus would have emerged. Would the Roman Empire have left that alone? They would have opposed it. At that time, the political system of the Roman Empire was in a state of paralysis. Therefore, if at that time the Israelite nation had united around Jesus, if Rome had opposed it, the Arab nations under Roman rule would have completely united with Israel. Would that have happened or not? "It would have happened." They are all descendants of Abraham. They are all from the twelve tribes of Jacob. Isn't that right? "Yes."

At that time, if they had completely united around the Messiah, and if the Messiah had brought forth such a nation, would the religion of Muhammad have appeared? The religion would not have arisen. Would it have? The possibility of that is very high, isn't it? "Yes."

If that had happened, the Arab world would have united... Since there is a great country called Rome, how would the Arab world centered around Jesus have acted? They would have joined hands with the Asian Empire. Countries like India and ancient civilizations like China, which had a reputation in the world, would have completely united against Rome. The Arab civilization and the Asian civilization would have completely united centered around Christian civilization. Would that have happened or not? "It would have happened."

This historical preparation was necessary, so God already sent Buddha to India, Confucius to China, and Socrates to Greece to solidify the ideological foundation. Did God prepare? "He prepared."

That is why Asia and the Middle East are uniting. And the whole world will unite centered around Asia and the Middle East. Therefore, from the position of the owner, it would command and absorb Rome. If that had happened, it would have become one world, right? If that had happened, would there be Catholicism today? Would there be Methodism, Presbyterianism, or Holiness? "No." Would religion have become one or two? "One." It would have become one religion and one world. If that had happened, the conclusion would be that the world would move centered around Asian civilization.

However, because of Jesus' death, the body and the heart became separated. The spirit and the flesh were divided. Isn't that so? "Yes." The Arab world is internal, so it is like the heart, and the Asian world is external, so it has become like the body. The heart is in the position of Abel, and the body is in the position of Cain, and in the unification of these two, God's will is fulfilled. This is the principle. Do you understand? "Yes."

Originally, the will to be fulfilled centered around Asia had to lay a spiritual foundation because of Jesus' death, so it had no choice but to enter the world of enemies and go around to lay a spiritual foundation before returning to the physical foundation of Asia. You must understand that. Rome cannot do it. At the end of days, Western civilization must inevitably return to Asia due to historical reasons. That is spiritual. It is spiritual. It cannot be done with just the spirit. Western civilization represents the spiritual world... You must understand that.

It is a restoration. If, during Jesus' time, the Arab and Asian worlds had united, the body and heart, the spirit and flesh would have become one, but because that did not happen, it must carry out the history of inheriting this spiritual cultural realm and returning to the physical cultural realm of Asia.

At the end of days, with the decline of Western civilization, there will be expectations placed on Asia. That is why you are interested in Asia now, right? "Yes." And Asian people are interested in the current material civilization of the West. Look. Although Asian civilization is physical, it has focused on the spirit, and although Western civilization is spiritual, it has inherited material civilization. This is a truly ironic issue. Therefore, when the two unite, they are twins, twins.

Then the question arises, did God create the spirit first or the flesh first? Asia engaged in the play of creating a body where God could dwell. In other words, Asia was playing the game of finding people. In doing so, this was a mindset for the whole, while Western civilization, inheriting Christian thought, was not for the whole but was entirely individualistic, thinking of itself. It is the opposite.

For example, this is similar. (As he writes and speaks) If this is a rectangle, it is divided. One is on this side, and one is on the opposite side, and they are working to unite. Look. Here, before prioritizing the spirit, they have individualism centered around the material, while here, standing in an internal position, they have lost everything in the material aspect. Centered around the material, they are all playing the game of finding, while here, they have lost. Therefore, they need each other.

What is that? It is like the movement to find the body of Jesus that was divided. Therefore, Western civilization must find what it could not achieve by establishing the Cain-like position of Asian civilization centered around the Arab world. Thus, the providence of God is to connect the Cain-like cultural realm to finally create a cultural realm like a complete person. This is the most important thing. Here, the history centered on the providence of God unfolds. This is the historical view, the historical view.

Then where should Western civilization go? "It should be on the continent." Is that it? "No." Where should it go? It must go to Asia. Therefore, the Christian civilization that inherited the spiritual realm of Jesus must unite with the Asian empire that can inherit the bodily civilization of Jesus to build a unified ideal world that Jesus should have achieved without dying. This is precisely the purpose for which God has developed civilization.

Look. The Asian camp is currently under the control of Satan. Therefore, it must confront America. Which enemy nation is it? Japan, Germany, and Italy. Now look. It is interesting. What is interesting is that there is an island nation, a peninsula nation, and a continental nation. Isn't that right? Germany is a continental nation, Japan is an island nation, and Italy is a peninsula nation. This is a global war.

And if you look at America, America belongs to the continent, Britain belongs to the island, and France is a country on the Iberian Peninsula. Broadly speaking, that is how it is viewed. Therefore, this is a historical war that encompasses the entire globe. It is a battle that connects even to the seas. Thus, the democratic camp of three nations must win against the three allied nations.

Then, what is the path America must take in Asia? How should it find its way to Asia? It must overcome the enemy and find its way. It must go through Japan, cross the Korean Peninsula, and enter the continent. That is the only way.

Now, the question is what? The will of God centered on the continent attempted to dominate the world through the Italian peninsula due to the failure of the Jewish people, and it attempted to do so through the island civilization centered on England but failed. Therefore, the American continent inherited this, but if it is to turn back, it must go through restoration. It must restore centered around the island nation and centered around the peninsula nation. Otherwise, it cannot go to the continent.

Therefore, the problem is which Asian nation can match England as an island nation. It is Japan. The reason Japan dominated Asia for 120 years is that it had to create a satanic power that influences Asia just as England influenced the whole world, so Japan received such a fateful benefit. Therefore, modern Japanese civilization has inherited directly from England.

Next, what peninsula can restore something like the Italian peninsula, which failed to keep the blessings centered around the Vatican? From America's perspective, there are only two paths. One is the Philippines...
The Philippines is an island nation and the Indochina Peninsula, centered around this, is the path, and then Japan is an island nation and Korea is a peninsula, and this is the path centered around these two. 

However, where should we go? From a providential perspective, it must pass through the enemy's country. We must take back what was taken from the enemy; we must find it from the enemy... The Philippines was a territory of the United States. Therefore, this is not possible. Thus, the conclusion is that there is no other way but to find a path to the Korean Peninsula centered around Japan's base.

Since we have entered the era of restoration, Japan, in contrast, has occupied Korea and has influenced Korea's development, even though it is the enemy of the United States, which is in the position of Rome. It has acted in the opposite way. It has become exactly the opposite.

For this reason, Korea can be concluded from a providential viewpoint as a base where a new civilization, similar to the ancient Roman civilization, can contribute not only spiritually before God but also in body and spirit, and when Western civilization comes to Asia, it can inherit that civilization.

Therefore, just as spiritual Christianity was able to move the world centered around Italy, here a form of the Vatican can emerge that inherits the spiritual cultural sphere and moves the world centered around physical standards. Restoration through indemnity...

Thus, the place that must fulfill a mission like the Vatican from a physical standpoint is the Korean Peninsula. This is how it operates. It operates according to the principle of restoration through indemnity. Do you understand? "Yes."

Therefore, where should the Lord come from? He cannot come from Western society. Originally, He was supposed to restore the physical position centered around the Abel-like Arab sphere and the Cain-like Asian sphere, but because that could not be done, the conclusion is that the Lord must come to the Korean Peninsula, which is a country among the Asian empires that can connect with Western civilization. Thus, we conclude from a historical perspective that 'if the Lord comes in body, He must come to Korea, the Asian nation.' Do you understand? Therefore, we must connect with Western civilization and unify the West and Asia.

The only place that can take responsibility for the future world is the Unification Church.

Now, from this providential historical perspective, the religion that has emerged from Korea will inherit Asian civilization and Western civilization, uniting them to create a new cultural world that can lead one world. It will form a unified cultural sphere. That is precisely the current Unification Church.

You are now following Reverend Moon, but why is that? It is because the Asian people and Western people have become one in a way that cannot be separated. Have they become one or not? "They have become one." So, who did that, the teacher or God? "God did it." God is doing it. Through such history, we are now moving toward a unified world and seeking a place of settlement, and you must understand this fact.

So, who will take responsibility for the future world and the fate of the world? That is the question. There is no one but our Unification Church. Then what path should our Unification Church take? We must not go the path that Israel went, nor the path that Italy went, nor the path that England went, nor the path that the United States is going.

Why did they fail? Why did they fail? It is because they thought of their own country. They should have thought of the world and of God, but they thought of their own country and themselves. Therefore, their own country is the enemy, and they themselves are the enemy. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Furthermore, the church is the enemy, and if it is Roman Catholicism, then Roman Catholicism is the enemy.

Our Unification Church must go the path that will not lead to failure. The purpose of learning history is to understand the whole of history and find a path to development, to prevent the path of failure and seek the path of progress, and that is why I speak of such history.

Young people of the Unification Church around the world, do not be foolish before the will! You must understand that the world can stand before God, but a nation cannot stand. A person who respects individuals cannot stand. That has ruined history and ruined God. That has ruined the will. Is that right? "Yes."

Let us work for the world! Let us save the world! We must have such pride. Although we do not have a nation, we will create one soon, and we will unify the world. Do you understand? "Yes." Here, there are five colors of races... In England, they may have sought a way to unite by force because they could not, and in America, they may have sought a way to unite because they could not, but we must voluntarily transcend the black and white races and create a unity. You must understand that without this, we cannot form one world. Is that correct? "Yes."

This is what God desires, what humanity desires, and what Jesus envisioned. That is what our Unification Church aims to do. That is what Reverend Moon of the Unification Church is trying to do. If we cannot do this, the Unification Church will also fail.

Now, according to the formula I mentioned earlier, we can inherit the blessings of the established church, and if the democratic world opposes us, we can inherit that blessing, and if the communist world opposes us, we can inherit that blessing. We aim to inherit that blessing.

A Unification Church that can align with God's will, that loves humanity more than anyone else and strives to make the world God's kingdom, will never fail. Do you understand? "Yes."

From this historical perspective, God's blessing has no other path. We are the only ones who have a path. You must understand that there is no one else to inherit this thought and this tradition. You must understand that there is no nation to inherit it. Do you understand? "Yes." That is a historical fact.

For this reason, the issue of Korea has become a global issue. You must understand that the cornering of Korea, Israel, and the United States in the UN General Assembly is a sign that the time has come for them to unite in the providential age. Isn't that so? Isn't that the case now? The first Israel has not established its position... The representative of the second Israel, the spiritual Christian civilization, is the United States, and the third Israel is Korea. Therefore, these nations must unite under God's will; they are in a historical destiny that cannot be avoided.

When that day of unity comes, the world can be saved without any problem. Can the United States do that? "No, it cannot." Can Judaism do that? "No, it cannot." Reverend Moon is trying to save the established church and Israel, yet they oppose him, calling it anti-Semitism and anti-Christ.

From this perspective, can I become an opponent of Israel and an opponent of Christianity? If we do not realize this and continue as we are, both Israel and the United States will fail, but the Unification Church will remain. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." We are establishing justice with a historical view.

For 6,000 years, God has worked through history; we can catch how that history is moving through which church in the present age. We must recognize this amazing fact. You must understand how significant this time is, even if you do not know it. Do you understand? "Yes."

If I fail, the world fails, and if I succeed, the world succeeds. That is the belief. We must move beyond America to the world. Do you agree? "Yes!" From there, God can finally have hope and meet a group equipped with truth, both inside and out.

To revive a failing America, we must carry out a super-national Puritan movement.

Therefore, when God looks at the whole world, you must not forget that He can trust you and place His hopes on you. We must influence New York and Washington.

We want to try this for three years. Next year marks the 200th anniversary of American history, and during these three years, we must recognize that this period can determine America's fate. This corresponds to 200 years.

The American people must now make a decision. They must present a new Puritan movement that can lead to the world... This is not about nations and ethnicities. When we bring forth a new super-national Christian revival movement that can go to the world, America will advance toward a new historical era.

England is the United Kingdom. The United States is the United States. While "states" can mean countries, it also strongly implies states. From there, the United Nations must emerge. The United States must become the United Nations. So, is there a United Nations? The UN should be doing that... There must be an army, but the army has all failed. If America had done that, could it have succeeded? "It would have succeeded."

So, what I said to President Eisenhower was that. I spoke about these things. I told Nixon that to exert influence in this country, he should teach this content and carry out a national movement... And if he waited just six months, I would go on TV and reveal all these historical secrets to the entire nation... What would have happened then?

Nixon did not know Reverend Moon. He only saw him as one person from Asia. He never dreamed of having thoughts or plans on how to control the fate of the world, America, and himself. I am more of a benefactor than anyone else. I am closer than anyone else. If my words are right, the world... If I speak of how he can survive and how America can survive, he would have to listen...

Now, if Nixon had been there, would Vietnam have turned out that way, and would Cambodia have turned out that way? "No, it would not have." To God, America and Vietnam are the same. Do you think America, which caused the downfall of two countries, will do well? No. If Nixon had been there, it would not have happened. I was planning to tell him everything if I met him just three times. Now Ford... You all need to understand this. Do you understand? "Yes."

In this country, not recognizing and Nixon not recognizing this teacher, we must quickly fulfill God's will. The longer we delay, the more everything will fall into the communist world. We must stop this before it happens. The reason I hurriedly toured Europe this time was to prepare for this. The reason I am touring America this time is to seek an urgent countermeasure that can defend against America, which cannot take responsibility for this national and global crisis.

If I had 100,000 young people in America who could move right now, not even 100,000, but just 30,000, we could save this country. We could overcome this crisis. Knowing that it is obvious that it will fail, watching it fail with my own eyes, this is what we are doing. So how busy do you think I am?

God's will for the young people of the Unification Church who carry a historical mission.

Everyone, I see about 350 people gathered now. If we can unite these people and multiply them by ten or a hundred, we will have 35,000. If you can multiply it by a hundred in three years, we can save America centered around the Chicago area. That is possible. We have this content, and we have this truth that is not found in history... Do you understand? "Yes." We must be exemplary men and women who carry a historical mission without envy, establishing heavenly authority and heavenly prestige. The whole must resolve to go for 24 hours and continue to go.

So, if we do not do that, is there hope for America? "No." Therefore, we must connect America and Korea to bring about a victory that can unify this world. This is God's will. We must be able to do such work and prepare all the necessary arrangements to do so, which is why the teacher is hastening to establish universities, create banks, and form global religious organizations.

Now, I have done this alone. Can the teacher do this alone? Therefore, you must all dedicate your youthful years to the will and become exemplary soldiers who live sacrificial lives to save the world. Do you understand? "Yes."

Now, at this time, as the teacher prepares to leave, I want you to resolve in your hearts, 'I will create this much material in one year.' This is what those engaged in economic activities should decide. I am currently spending $3 million a month; next year, I will need to spend $30 million. Without that, I cannot manage America, nor can I manage the world.

Do you believe you have the ability to do that? Do you think the teacher can do that? "Yes." Now, there are rumors that Reverend Moon is rich in America, right? I have money, but it is not my money. I am someone who saves every penny. I am not someone who exploits your money. Ultimately, America owes me, and you all owe me.

So, understand that, and from now on, the Americans must earn what America will use. Those Americans who cannot take responsibility for the world must earn this in the future. Why? To restore what America could not take responsibility for... Now, ladies, will you do it or not? "We will do it." Men, will you do it or not? "We will do it." Even if you cannot get married, you must understand that you must do this work first. Do you understand? "Yes."

Even if you cannot go home and cannot meet all your colleagues, you must understand that you must first fulfill this will and then work for your family and colleagues. A family without a nation always stands in a miserable position. We do not have a nation.

The nation of the satanic world is being mobilized. If we want to save the nation, the world's peoples must unite super-nationally and become a group that receives all of God's love equally. Through such a group, one nation will be formed. Do you welcome that? "Yes." Then, even if a white woman marries a black man, there will be no complaints, right? "Yes."

Interracial marriage is the fastest way to unify humanity.

Now, if you do not like the black face, if you do it for about three or four generations, it will all turn white. You must understand that only white people can make black people white. Do you oppose that? "No, we do not." According to God's will... If you do not like this black color, you must make it something that can be liked. It is faster for a white person to marry a black person than for a yellow person to marry a black person. Do you all think so? "Yes." So, who will do that? Who will do such things? Is there anyone in the world who can do it? Not even the President of the United States can do it, nor can the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. 

Now, in giving marriages, the teacher currently holds the world championship title.
(laughter, applause) So, everyone, do you want to marry whoever you want, or do you want to marry the person your mother chooses, or the person your teacher chooses? "I will marry the person my teacher chooses." Even if they are black for the white guys? Is that still okay? "Yes." Alright, let's do that.

This time, we are going to have 1,800 couples getting married, and even though there are all sorts of demonstrations in Japan saying, "What about this, what about that...," I said, "Hey, just clear it away." And in America, the teacher said, "Hey, just clear it away. Do you think I can't do this because of your silly demonstrations? Just stop it." So I did everything I wanted to do.

Now, if we have about 5,000 couples here at Madison Square Garden, it would be great to have half black and half white. (applause) You see, when you think of marriage as a form of indemnity, it is a blessed path, a blessed path. In the historical age, couples made up of white and black people will be recognized as contributors to humanity and God's will, and within a few years, they will rise to prominence. When the teacher goes to that country, he will definitely visit and stay at their home.

Also, the teacher understands all the hardships. I know what hardships exist, but when you think of marriage as a form of indemnity, you can receive heavenly blessings more than anyone else, and through their descendants, many leaders who can guide the world will emerge. What kind of person will the future president of the United States be? It will be a mixed-race child born from a black and a white parent. This is the conclusion. (applause) That's how it will be. You should seek each other out. Between whites and Africans...

Until now, mixed-race children born from international marriages have had nowhere to go and have been wandering around, but our era is one of protection. A mother with bright yellow hair and blue eyes nursing a baby with black hair, a black face, and black eyes... how wonderful would that be? Even God would want to come and see it. People are the same, you know.

So, how do we create one? We create one through marriage. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." That's why the teacher is facilitating international marriages, international marriages.

The teacher also had such thoughts. If I could achieve my purpose by marrying a woman with a big behind, who needs to sit on three or four chairs, what would that be like? I went through all the questions and answers... even walking like this... (mimicking, laughter)

If humanity is to live and God's will is to be fulfilled, why can't we do it? The earthly life of 70 or 80 years is short, but when we go to the spirit world, we will become the most beautiful of the beautiful. You should know that in the spirit world, there are no black people. If you look at a light bulb, there is a filament inside. It may be black, but when the light comes on, is it black or white? The filament is black, but when the light comes on, it is not black. Do you understand? "Yes."

Realize that you are the unification warriors who will save the world and work hard.

So, whatever the teacher asks you to do, will you do it? "Yes." Raise your hand if you are willing to do that. This one thing is certain. If I ask you to do something difficult, it is not to make you fail, but to bring you closer to God's will. Remember that. If I can make you into a global figure, can I do it or not? "You can do it."

We need to seize the global economic sphere, guide university students around the world, and then lead the global media. These three things... I am thinking of moving a global organization. Right now, dozens of our PR team are working in the U.S. Congress, and dozens are working at the UN General Assembly. There is so much work to be done!

Now, in November, we will hold a scientists' conference, right? How much will it cost? It will cost 800,000 dollars. In just three or four days, 800,000 dollars... Only a crazy person would do that, right? Who... wouldn't it be great to live well with that money? You would like it if I gave it to you, right? But it is unavoidable to gather the world's scholars.

So now, you should listen to the teacher's words, no matter how you look at it. Do you understand? "Yes." Work hard until your bones break, will you fail? Now, have you prepared? Have you made up your mind? "Yes." Here, the person in charge, Edwin, should make them all work, and the church leaders should just grab them and make them work. They should not be allowed to play day and night; they should just work.

The people who are fundraising are probably gathered here. I talked about this when I was in Kamiyama and New York. Kamiyama said, "This month, because the teacher is on tour, fundraising will be significantly hindered," but I don't think so. In my heart, I think, "Absolutely not. Once I go, the boat will come in." So, will we do less than last month or more? "We will do more." Kamiyama, don't worry.

Everyone, while I was coming, I talked about this in the car. What does Chicago mean? Chicago means it has no meaning. In Korean, it means "to work hard, breathlessly." That's what it means. It means to work vigorously. (cheers, applause)

I think that the people in Chicago need to be made to work hard in order to develop. Do you welcome that? "Yes." Let's see a show of hands from those who welcome it! By raising your hands, you are swearing to heaven, and that hand will become one with heaven, and you will surely become unification warriors who save the world. I hope that will happen, and I want to see it happen for real. Will you do that? "Yes." Then I will trust you.

Now, today originally... I have talked for nearly four hours, but know that this was all extra because I especially love the people of Chicago. Instead, I ask you to remember that I have an important responsibility to bear and to work hard when you go back.

So, by speaking like this in the morning, the teacher has become busy, and I need to drive quickly. I am thinking that the teacher is heading west... Wishing you God's blessings and health, I will conclude my words. 

**The Place of the Will and the Group of the Will**

Last night, I went through several courses. This morning, I will briefly summarize what I have been saying all along. The title is "The Place of the Will and the Group of the Will." I will speak with this title.

God's ideal of creation must be fulfilled through the completion of the ideal of the son-in-law.

You all know well that the world we live in is not the world that God originally envisioned. So what is God's will? We know that countless religions do not follow human will but seek God's will, the will of the divine. When we look at the question of what God's will is, if this is not clear, we cannot find the path of the will.

When we focus on God's will, we must clearly understand the difference between the world where the will is not fulfilled and the world where the will is fulfilled. What is God's will? It is to complete the ideal of creation. It is to realize God's ideal of creation. What is God's ideal of creation? We know that it involves creating all things and creating humanity.

Ultimately, it is about governing all things centered on the human ancestors, Adam and Eve, and not only governing all things but also establishing one family of God's love. In our Unification Church, we define this standard as "the completion of the ideal of the son-in-law." Ultimately, God's will is to fulfill the ideal of creation, and what does it mean to fulfill that ideal? To put it concretely, it means to complete the ideal of the son-in-law. What is the ideal of the son-in-law? It is when the perfected Adam and the perfected Eve receive blessings in God's love, becoming His sons and daughters, and then, in order to establish the family that God desires, they must have children, thus completing the children.

In conclusion, the world of the ideal of creation is an ideal family of love where God's love is centered, and where Adam and Eve, as God's sons and daughters, become one, and then, centered on God's love, Adam and Eve become parents and unite with their children.

What must exist in the world of the ideal of creation? First, God must be present. Next, there must be true sons and daughters centered on God's love. Then, there must be true couples. Following that, true parents must emerge centered on humanity, and there must be true sons and daughters. Therefore, in order to enter the world of the ideal of creation, we must find all the love centered on the content of the ideal of creation. Without that, we cannot enter.

From this perspective, I must be born centered on God and God's love, I must complete my individuality centered on God's love, and I must become a couple centered on God's love. After that, I must have sons and daughters centered on God's love. That's it. When we look at this standard, are there any sons and daughters born from God's ideal among the people living on this earth today?

Where were you born? Were you born from God, or from someone else? Did you grow up receiving God's love? Did you grow up receiving God's love and then marry in that love? No, that is not the case. So when that couple has children, do they love and raise them in God's love? That is not the case either.

The people living on this earth today are those who have been expelled from the world of God's ideal of creation. They have been cast out of the Garden of Eden. They have been expelled from the ideal garden to the world outside. Because they have been expelled into a world centered on Satan, they have developed personalities centered on Satan, they were born centered on Satan, they grew up centered on Satan, and they married centered on Satan, creating nations and worlds centered on Satan, becoming groups that have nothing to do with God's ideal will.

Therefore, what do they live for on this earth? They live centered on satanic love. When Satan originally started, he forsook God and started centered on himself, believing that everything born there was born because of him, that love is because of him, that family is because of him, and that sons and daughters are because of him. This is the result of the fall, and we know that all have fallen into this world.

Is that true or not? Even when studying, they say they will conquer the world. If you look, it is all centered on themselves. Therefore, the world resulting from the fall is a self-centered world. Satan was like that, and Eve also ultimately thought, "I will become like God by gaining wisdom." As a result, conflicts arise in the human world. A war of slaughter breaks out.

Everyone wants to be number one, and if someone becomes number one, they will overthrow them to become number one themselves. Isn't that right? "Yes." Then everyone... In this historical process, individuals, families, nations, and states are ultimately in the satanic world, which we cannot deny. If the ideal world had not fallen and had become an ideal world, then everywhere would be centered on God's love. Everywhere would be God's love... "I" comes next. It is to make God the subject and I am always the object.

It is not about me being number one, but it is best for God to be number one. By receiving God's love, everything is resolved. Thus, centered on God's love, God becomes the subject and I become the object, and we become one. We become one through love. After becoming one, God's rights become mine, and everything that is God's becomes mine. When we look at it this way, ultimately, if we make God the subject and become one with God, everything becomes ours.

It is the same in the satanic world. In the satanic world, we cannot make God ours, we cannot make God's love ours, and we claim it as ours. But here, because we have made God the subject and have God's love, we say it is ours. Originally, creation is... One God exists as the subject, and the purpose and principle of creation is to establish the object before that subject.

It is not about each one elevating themselves, but about becoming one. God's will, God's ideal is to become one. You must understand this. It is to become one centered on God's love. You must understand this. The core path to becoming one centered on God's love is the way of the ideal world of creation. That is the ideal of creation.

Humanity has fallen. The fallen world is a world filled with unhappiness and death, so we must escape this world and return.

Forgiveness can only be established where there is a possibility of improvement.

Until now, established churches thought that God would save them. They believed that salvation depended on God being the center and that God would do it all. They thought everything depended on God. All religions have understood it this way until now. However, upon closer examination, that is incorrect. Who fell? It was not God who fell. Then who must rise? The fallen person must rise.

From that perspective... what the Unification Church presents is that the path of salvation is indeed a path of salvation, but that path of salvation is a path of restoration, a path of return. Because humanity has fallen, humanity must return. Even if God has lowered the rope of salvation, if I do not hold on to it, I cannot rise. I must strive to rise; those who do not strive to rise cannot be helped by God.

From that viewpoint, established churches believe in a God who saves, but we believe that I save myself. The way to save myself centered on God is the path of restoration. This must be clearly understood. No matter how much God works for salvation, if humanity does not cooperate, it cannot happen. Established churches believe, "Isn't it enough if God uses His power to pull everyone up?" They believe that way. But that cannot happen.

Can parents take responsibility for the sins of their children? No, they cannot. Can that happen? "No." If that were the case, it would mean that if God's sons and daughters sin and go to hell, then God must also go to hell. Can that happen? Can it? There is no principle of creation like that.

Therefore, in order to be freed from sin, the person who committed the sin must go to prison and be freed from sin. They can receive help in being freed. Isn't that the case in the world? When people go to prison and sincerely repent of their sins, realizing that they can do better than before, they can receive a reduction in their sentence. There is a reduction in sentence, a reduction. If they can be better than before, then forgiveness exists.

If someone has sinned, can they be forgiven if they are expected to get worse? If forgiveness is granted in that case, it means nothing. It leads to destruction. Isn't that right? "Yes." When does forgiveness become established? It is established only when there is a possibility of improvement. Even when children make mistakes, parents say, "This child has made a mistake..."
Oh! When you say, "Mom, I'll do better," the response is, "Okay, do better," and that's how forgiveness happens.

Today, many religious people, especially Christians, say that God loves unconditionally because "God is love." But where is such nonsense? Is that statement correct or not? "It's not correct." Then why doesn't God forgive everyone in this world and send them all to heaven? That doesn't make sense theoretically. It's impossible. Forgiveness only exists where there is the possibility of improvement. This is what they didn't understand.

Therefore, the conclusion is that the hope of the heavenly kingdom continues only where there is the possibility of improvement. Only from the individual can one rise to the family, from the family to the tribe, the nation, and the world, and then reach the heavenly kingdom. Such words resonate even in today's society. Today, these matters are simple issues, yet people don't even think about them or are unaware of them.

What did you come here to do early in the morning? Did you come to be worse than before or to get better? "To get better." So what are we going to do? We are going to rise step by step. If we do this, everything will be... Religion can also become a way to find God's will through analytical theories and reasonable theoretical forms. We can discover a religion with a valid theory.

Then what happens when I say I will do better globally? If I declare that I will do well before heaven and earth, then minor sins simply disappear, just like that. They are forgiven. You don't even have to ask God for forgiveness; you can just be forgiven. Don't say, "Oh God! Please forgive me," for a sin as small as a needle's tip. Even if you have a smaller sin than that, if you understand this principle and say, "I will do better for the world and be kinder for the world," then trivial sins are forgiven. This logic also holds. Can it be so? "Yes." Once you understand this, you realize, "Ah, then it's done..."

What does God like the most in this world? Think about it. Not humans... Then what would the President of the United States like the most? Let's compare. What is it? It is for America to be the best. Then how can it become the best? Does it become the best through fighting, or does it become the best when everyone becomes one? To be the best, the citizens must unite completely, and they must also unite completely with the president. Only then, standing in the right direction, can it become the best. Is that right? "Yes."

It's the same with God. What does God like the most? Well, God likes what brings Him joy. So what brings God joy? Is it eating delicious food? Is it giving Him a bag of money? Is it power? Is it the power that shakes the world? Is it knowledge? (Laughter) God can create money, He possesses all power, and He has all knowledge. He has everything.

Then would God be happy alone? Can God be happy as He pleases? Will God be happy alone? "Ha ha ha!" Is He going to be happy alone like that? (Laughter) Then God would be crazy. (Laughter) This brings us to the question of what God likes the most. What would bring Him the most joy? It is to find a perfect object, just like He is perfect.

All these words like joy, happiness, and love are not things one does alone. They are said in a relational context. Can you be happy alone? "Oh, I'm so happy!" Can that happen? Can I just say, "Love, love, love!"? (Laughter) Can you be happy alone? Can you laugh alone like this? "Ha ha ha"? That doesn't work. A counterpart must appear for all of this to happen at once. The conclusion is that even God cannot do without a counterpart. Is that right? "Yes."

Ah, God cannot do without a counterpart... Then who would that counterpart be? Nowadays, in America, there are people who prefer dogs over humans. Would that be the counterpart? "No." Then it must be monkeys, right? (Laughter) No matter how you look for a being that can be God's counterpart in this universe, there can be none other than humans. There is no one but humans.

Now, when we talk about humans, there are men and women. If each one says, "I will be God's object, you can step aside," what would happen? Therefore, God, being the God of wisdom, says, "Oh, don't do that. You two become one and let's become one with Me." Is that how it works? So, should men and women become one or not? "They should become one." After becoming one, it doesn't matter whether the woman has God or the man has God.

When we ask why we get married, it can be said that we start marriage to jointly have God. So, what do we want to do together? We want to be loved together. Doesn't that sound nice? "Yes." Can you become an object of God? "Even though I have such a big mouth, such a nose, such eyes, and I look like this, can God still make me His object?" God would say, "Yes, I can." If God were to say, "I cannot," then I could attack God. "God, as the subject in the principle of creation, you are the subject and I am the object. Can you dislike me?" Then God would have no choice but to say, "Ah, that's true." (Laughter, applause) That's how it is.

I will share a testimony about an elderly woman. When I go to Korea, there is a very wrinkled grandmother. Just looking at her makes you feel uncomfortable. But this grandmother loves her teacher so much that she cannot help but see him once before eating breakfast. She comes to greet him at dawn, at lunchtime, and at dinner, and she follows him wherever he goes. (Laughter)

So one time I said, "Hey, this old lady! Can't you stay still for a moment?" Every time I said that, she would respond, "It's not that I dislike you, but I like you." (Laughter) However, she continued to do this, so she prayed for three days before God. "God, does my teacher really dislike me? Is this right or wrong?" She prayed earnestly. God told her, "Go and answer your teacher like this." What was the answer? "Whether beautiful or ugly, because you are made in God's image, it is your teacher's duty to love God's image. Therefore, he cannot help but love you." That's what she was told to say. (Laughter)

I raised my hand. I cannot move against the principle. (Applause) You all feel the same, right? Among young people, especially women, there are those who feel discouraged if they are not beautiful, but don't do that. (Laughter) That is a sin. "I am the ugliest in the world, so I am number one in the world." You should think that way.

Go to a mountain that is said to have beautiful scenery. Do you like something that looks like the Washington Monument, or do you prefer something that is rugged and uneven? Going in and out, rugged... (Laughter) If only beautiful people existed, we wouldn't be able to live. There must be shadows in people. How unpleasant is that? Following around every day... But that shadow is necessary. There must be highs and lows; it must be rugged to be good.

In Korean proverbs, there is a saying, "Beauty brings misfortune." So, our less beautiful women should never feel discouraged. An hour has already passed. If I keep talking like this, it won't end. Let's jump to the conclusion.

I understood this. We can make God our subject, and we can be a dignified object. You all must love God's image, right? "Yes." Whose hand does this resemble? "God's." Who does God resemble? He resembles me... How many eyes does God have? He has two, just like me. If God has eyes, would He just sit still like this or would He do something? If God has a mouth, He would surely speak. When God laughs, would He do it like this? (Laughter) It's the same. Since we resemble God, we must love Him.

You all love your bodies, right? "Yes." Do you love them or not? "I love them." Then how much do you resemble God's image? There are people who resemble Him one hundred percent, seventy percent, and in various forms. That's how hearts and bodies are. You think about your body, but you are not the most beautiful form in God's image. There are many people more beautiful than you.

Which part of your body do you love the most? Do you love your fingers the most? Do women love their cheeks the most? They love their lips, right? (Laughter) What women love the most are their eyes and lips. That's what women love the most. Is that right? "Yes." That's why they keep putting on makeup. (Laughter) Then what do they love next? They love their nails, right? (Laughter)

I have thought about this too. Why do women love their eyes, lips, and nails? That is the most important thing. When Satan tries to corrupt, what does he try to grab first? He must have drawn in the eyes. Then the mouth, the whispering mouth, and then what? After the eyes and mouth, it is the hands. Satan knows this. I think so. (Laughter) When you think about it, it makes sense.

Therefore, women must be careful with their eyes, hands, and mouths. Why do they put makeup on their eyes? If they want to charm men, they become like Satan. If they open their mouths and whisper, they become like Satan. If they act mischievously with their hands, they become like Satan. If you want to have the charm that God would like, then do it. If you can do that, then put on eye makeup and paint your nails; do it all. If you lack confidence, then don't do it. Are you confident? "Yes." If you are confident, then do it. If not, don't. (Laughter)

We have the privilege of being the object of God's love and monopolizing God's love. We have the privilege of receiving God's love. God must be joyful with me, happy with me, and love me. How happy is that person, and how wonderful is that person?

Let's stop here for this morning and conclude. "No." It's been an hour... Ah, yesterday in Denver, the teacher spoke for six and a half hours, and my throat is sore. My throat hurts. When you talk a lot, your throat hurts. So, can we stop? "No." Should we stop? "No." Are your legs hurting? "Let's do more." Then let's do more! "Yes." If you all are happy, then I'm happy too. (Applause)

The secret to conquering God is to practice true love.

So what is the desire of fallen humanity? It is to return to the original world. It is to become one with God, to return to the world of receiving God's love. This is the purpose. Have you experienced God's love? What does God's love taste like? Have you thought about that? What could it be? If you can attach yourself to God's love, then your eyes go there, your mouth goes there, your hands go there, and everything goes there.

And you get intoxicated by it. Have you ever drunk alcohol? Some of you may have. I have never drunk. No matter how intoxicated you get from alcohol, it cannot compare to this. Those who take opium cannot reach that level either. The love that men and women have for each other is the love of fallen archangels. You must understand that. Even so, people are desperate, but what if you receive love within God's realm? All my nerves are directed toward God 24 hours a day, toward God. Do you understand that? "Yes."

The closer I get, the more God does not move away; the closer I get to God, the more He is happy, and I am happy too. Do you understand what that means? When two people in love get closer, do they do this? (Gesturing) It's the same. How happy would that be? Think about how happy it would be. How happy would it be? In that place where you experience that love... Once you become one with that love, there is no one to separate you. I cannot separate myself, and God cannot separate Himself either. Therefore, even the absolute God cannot separate Himself, eternally... Do you understand that? "Yes." Can God separate Himself? God cannot separate Himself either.

Look, when a mother and father have a baby that dies right after birth, even though the baby died right after being born, they cannot forget that baby and shed tears. Why is that? "Because they resemble God." They resemble the source. Who is the source? It is God. Can you separate that? Can God separate His love? No matter how omniscient and omnipotent God is, He cannot escape love and is conquered by it. What is stronger than God? True love. Is that right? "Yes." What do you love the most? Love, love. More than my life... Then what does that mean? What is God? God is love more than life. Does that make sense? "Yes." That's how it is. God cannot escape love either.

Therefore, if there is a secret to conquering God, it is to practice true love. You can catch God with true love. (Laughter) That statement is correct. "Yes." These thieves, all these people who seem like thieves, should not recklessly try to catch God. It must be true love. It must be true love; it cannot be anything else, only true love.

To return to heaven, fallen humans must serve their counterpart. 

What is today's title? "Where God's Will Is and the People Who Fulfill That Will." So where is God's will? It is in true love. To find true love, you must find true people. That is why God has been... What is God's will? It is to love with true people.

Our Unification Church has decided this according to the principle of the son-in-law, and this is seen as a historical discovery. It can be viewed as a historical conclusion. There are men, women, parents, and children in that. Everything is there. God wants to feel parental love, spousal love, and children's love. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." It is the same for people.

So is the world like this now? (While writing on a board) This is the ideal world. This is the fallen world. It is like this. The love here is all self-centered love filled with jealousy and envy. The love here is love that serves the counterpart. That is the difference. Why is that? God...
When you create, you create centered on love, and since that love is found in the partner, love emerges from wanting the partner... If you center on yourself, you don't create. How difficult is it to create? That is why what God presents is to care for the partner if you want to return to heaven. This statement holds true: to care for the partner.

Just as God created the partner, just as He created for the partner, as I mentioned the other day, we must carry out the history of creation. We must recreate. It means that I can play the game of creating the partner from God's position. We must love for the partner and engage in the game of creating the partner. Then what happens? That grows into the authority of my love. It's the same. The more you do that, the more you become one. Is that right? "Yes." That is the game we want to play.

Now, we have two worlds, and today God's will... Earlier, I said it is a place of 'will,' but when we look at the will... (while writing on the board) here, the current time is the time of the fall. It is a world outside of the will. Then here is the era of the providential will, the era of the providence of salvation. Ultimately, it is the restoration providence, and the restoration providence is the providence of recreation, rebuilding again. Restore means recreation. Do you understand? "Yes."

Therefore, the providence of salvation originally did not exist when there was no fall. It is a methodical providence that arose because of the fall. Today, Christianity claims that God's providential will has existed from the beginning. That is all wrong. They say, 'Jesus existed before the fall. Because of the Trinity...' They say this. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. If you say such things, you must conclude, 'Ah! The fall was also created by God.' The term savior originally did not exist. Because of the fall, a savior is needed, and hell also exists because of the fall... Do you understand?

A religion that knows God's will can unify. Therefore, in the providence of salvation, since there are numerous religions in the east, west, north, and south, we must gather them all... This is the providence. How do we gather them? We gather them through religion. Religion blindly asserts, 'Believe! Unconditionally believe!' Why is that? Humanity must be better than the fallen ancestors. We must believe in God better. We must believe in God absolutely.

Because we could not believe in God absolutely and did not obey Him absolutely, we fell. Therefore, to rise again, we must believe in God absolutely and obey Him absolutely. Such logic is established. That is why we must sacrifice, obey, and all... These principles are all... There are various religions among religions. (While writing on the board) This is how it gradually progresses... Generally, it goes through like this. Then... Among religions, there are mainstream religions. If you enter here, there are mainstream religions. Then there will be religions that go this way. There are various religions. If a religion goes this way, it combines like this. According to Toynbee's theory, 21 civilizations gradually absorbed into 4 religious cultural spheres. We know this. The higher the religion, the more it absorbs the lower-level religions. God operates such a strategy.

Now, then, is this God's will to make religions fight against each other, or is it God's will to unify them? "It is for the purpose of unifying." That is why the Unification Church says, 'Let's unify!' In unifying, should we center on the will of religion or the will of God? "The will of God." Then what is God's will? We must know it clearly. What kind of religion can unify? A religion that knows God's will clearly can unify.

From that perspective, no religion has concluded that God's ideal of creation is like that of the Unification Church until now. Therefore, it means that the Unification Church can unify religions. Do you believe that? "Yes." Do you want to unify? "Yes!" You? "Yes!" Even Jesus couldn't do it? God couldn't do it? "We will do it." With what will you do it? Through the principle, the principle. That is why the scripture says, 'You will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.' Right? "Yes."

The mission of religion is to prepare everything for the coming Messiah. Look at this world... (pointing to what was written) This has not yet entered the ideal world. So, when does it enter? That is the question. You can only enter when you completely fulfill God's ideal of creation. That is theoretical. Before that, what must you do? You must become a person of God. Those who can live in the ideal world are people of God. Adam and Eve were originally people of God, so everyone on this earth must become people of God. What kind of people are those here? Are they people of God or people of Satan? "They are people of Satan." They are people of Satan. Therefore, they cannot go.

That is why they must separate from here and become candidates to become people of God from being people of Satan. What is religion? It is to distinguish candidates who can become sons and daughters of God. You must understand this. Therefore, this is the realm of adoption. The adopted ones are candidates for sons. Is that right? "Yes." The adopted ones still have a different bloodline. The bloodline is different. Does God need ten million adopted children, or does He need one true son? Which is more precious? "The true son." You know that well.

Originally, the ideal of creation is that everything is to be given to the son, the true son. The world was not made to give to the adopted ones. It is not for the adopted ones. It is for the true sons and daughters. Therefore, to inherit, it cannot be done with adopted ones. The true son must come. That is why it is a correct conclusion that a true person must come to this fallen human world. The true son must come...

Then when will the true son come? At the end, at the end. Who is he? He is the Messiah. Do you understand? "Yes." Why must the Messiah come? What will the Messiah do? He will come as the son of God and say, 'These people have been loyal for me and have given their lives for me, so God, please give them the blessings that are due to me.' This is what He will do.

'Ultimately, I have prepared the family I need for myself, the tribe I need for myself, the nation I need for myself, and the world I need for myself. Where is such a person? Therefore, please love all these people instead of me. How many people have sacrificed for this? How many nations have sacrificed? How long have they suffered?' It can be said like that. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." If that son truly desires it, God will say, 'Okay, if you desire it, I will give what is due to you to them.' This is the mission that religion must fulfill. Do you understand?

What is the mission of religion? It is to prepare the family, tribe, nation, and world that the coming true son needs, and to conquer all the nations of Satan so that everything can be brought down. This is the mission of religion. Does the Messiah need to have only this world, or does he need to have the entire fallen world? Does he need to have all of it or just part of it? Which one? "He must have all of it."

We can understand the meaning of religion and the meaning of the providence of salvation here. The meaning of the providence of salvation is to save the whole world. We must understand that God cannot kill or send to hell the son He created out of love. Therefore, the providence of salvation aims to completely save without leaving a single person in the world of Satan and to expel Satan... Leaving only Satan in the world of Satan, God wants to take all people away.

Then what kind of religion is the true religion? The true religion is one that seeks to save humanity. For whom? For God! Then who else? For the son of God, the Messiah! Do you understand? "Yes." The true religion is one that seeks to save humanity. If there is a religion that seeks to save humanity for God and for the Messiah, it is the true religion.

The purpose of God's providence of salvation is to find this world. Then why did He send the Messiah? The purpose of sending the Messiah is also to find this world. Now we understand the purpose of religion. Religion is for the world... To find it and then for the Messiah... Therefore, the Messiah comes and gives all the people here the qualifications of sons and daughters... Heaven is originally for those who become the sons and daughters of God, not for the adopted ones. You must have the qualifications of sons and daughters to enter.

Thus, the Messiah must come to save fallen humanity and grant the qualifications of sons and daughters. Is that clear? "Yes." Yes, we need the Messiah? "Yes." Is it only needed for Americans? Is it only needed for white people? Is it not needed for black people? "It is needed." Is it not needed for Negroes? "It is needed." If black people say they need the Messiah, wouldn't white people feel uncomfortable? "No." Until now, they have thought it is uncomfortable.

If, in creating sons and daughters, a white person is placed first, and then a thousand Negroes are placed, and then a white person is placed again, they would feel uncomfortable. You must understand that the black person, being more robust, is faster than the individualistic white person who thinks of themselves. They can fall away. Then would they say, 'I will boycott that heaven'? Would you white people say, 'I will not go with blacks' and stop? 

In places like Washington, all white people go out of the city. If the center of Washington becomes heaven, what will they do? Then they will want to come back in, right? (Laughter. Applause) Such a human world is all wrong. You must understand that all must be judged. Should we be judged or not? "We must be judged." If white and black people are told to live forever with their foreheads touching, what will they do? (Laughter) Would they say, 'I don't want that'? "No." 

All humanity, regardless of who it is... It is all. Now, if God has gathered this, would He want this world to be mixed, or would He want separate white clubs, yellow clubs, and black clubs? What would He want? "He wants them to be mixed." Unity is complete unity, complete unity. One finger can be a white finger, another can be a black finger, one can be a yellow finger, one can be an Indian finger, and another can be an Eskimo finger. God would like that, wouldn't He? "Oh, I don't like that." Would He like that?

What is the mission of religion? It is to mix all humanity together. That is what religion must do. It must quickly mix everything together. That is God's claim and the claim of Jesus Christ. It is a claim that aligns with the logic centered on love. Is that correct? "Yes."

What is the path of the Unification Church? The Unification Church aims to unify not only denominations but to make all kinds of people one. If that can be done, it concludes that it is the place closest to God's will. Is that correct? "Yes." Therefore, being closest to God means being closest to the Messiah. If the Unification Church can do that, then the Messiah comes for the Unification Church. Therefore, it is also reasonable to say that the Lord comes to the Unification Church. Is that right? "Yes." This is why we assert it because it aligns with the theory.

People in the world think Reverend Moon is a money-making head and call him the Antichrist and false prophet... They think it is nonsense, but it is not nonsense. You must understand that. Am I forcibly brainwashing you? (Laughter) Are you doing it because you like it, or am I forcing you to do it? "We do it because we like it." You say that because you are crazy, and I am called crazy, those fools. "No." (Laughter) It is not like that, those fools? You should be aware of it, considering your parents' feelings and living carefully. If you just do it like this, problems arise, don't they? (Laughter) Do you still like it? "Yes." 

Is it noisy to come to the Unification Church, and do you dislike hearing bad things about Reverend Moon? "Yes." Since you like it, that democratic consciousness cannot be helped. (Laughter. Applause)

Do you understand this? What is the path of the Unification Church? It is the path to fulfill God's will, the path to fulfill the will of Jesus Christ, and it is to first seek to save humanity. We must save humanity and return for Jesus Christ and God, so we must first save humanity. This is the path of the Unification Church.

Now, do you work for New York, for America, or for the world? "For the world." The world? "Yes." It is different. I am a New Yorker, but I do not live for New York. I live for the world. I am an American, but I do not live for America. I live for the world. After saving New York with this hand, I will save America, and after saving America, I will save the world, and after saving the world, I must present that to the Messiah, and then I will return to God, united with that Messiah.

Then will God be pleased or not? "He will be pleased." How will He be pleased? "He will be very pleased." If God looked like you, if He had a mouth, would He sing, or what would He do? "He would sing." Ah, He would sing... Would He do it with His eyes closed or open? Would He do it while smiling or crying? "While smiling." If He has hands, would He just do this, or would He do everything He could? If He has hands, He would do everything as He wishes. (Expressing with gestures. Applause) He would dance.

If God dances, if God laughs, and then if God sings, what would happen? If God jumps, He would step on Korea, then on America, then on England, right? (Laughter) Can that happen or not? "It can happen." If that happens, what will the earth be like? Boom, boom, boom... The earth will shake like this. (Laughter) Is that right or not? "It is right."

Then those who have returned to God will just watch and say, 'God is going crazy.'? "No." (Laughter) Since the subject is like that... God cannot do that without an object. There, people must align with God... All people in the world must align with God. Then who will watch? It would be fun if someone is watching; if no one is watching, would it be fun? At that time, the angels... (Applause)

Then would Satan want to watch or not? Would he want to watch?
During the day, one might say, "God, let me take a look too." Then God would respond, "Alright, alright. Satan, you can take a look as well." He would allow even Satan to observe. Wouldn't He want to sing a song? Wouldn't He want to? (Applause) So, while God is this happy, would He say, "Hey, hey, don't like me, go to Satan instead"? Would anyone go? "No, they wouldn't." Even if told to go, they wouldn't. That's why at that time, it's okay to let Satan loose.

What is the purpose of the Unification Church? It is to have humanity dance with God and the Messiah on Earth and to let even Satan receive blessings. This is the path of the Unification Church. Isn't it great? "Yes." How great is it? (Laughter) That's the Unification Church. The goal is to reach that point. So, after hearing this, is the Unification Church a wonderful place or a silly place? "It's a wonderful place." Really? While the people of the world talk about how the Unification Church is this and that, a heresy or some cult, we don't even flinch. It's like thinking that holy people are walking down the street while neighborhood dogs bark. (Laughter)

Even if I face opposition throughout my life, even if everyone opposes me, I wouldn't budge. Even if 220 million Americans all shout, "Expel Reverend Moon!"... go ahead and try to expel me. If you send me away, I'll just come back with a rice cake. (Laughter) It doesn't end with being expelled; all the young people in America will gradually embrace the thoughts of Reverend Moon. This is something they don't even consider. (Applause)

No matter how much NBC, The New York Times, or The Washington Post oppose me, I just say, "Pfft!" It's ridiculous. I say let them all oppose me. The more they oppose, the more their sons and daughters will criticize them. Young sons and daughters will line up to oppose them. How shocked will those fathers and mothers be? Would you listen to your parents? You will absolutely listen to your teacher, no matter how foolish you are. Right? "Yes."

Therefore, we are strong. We are stronger than the world, stronger than God, and stronger than Jesus, which is why we have the thought of saving all humanity, liberating Jesus Christ, and liberating God. If you were born a man or a woman, wouldn't it be worth doing something? "It would be worth it." You should want to do something until your skirt rips and everything comes off. Only then can this happen... Is it worth it, you kids? "Yes."

Now, let's conclude. Now I understand. This is why the Unification Church wants to create one, one. So now, I think about this world. This is New York, New York. (While writing on the board) Is this big or not? This is Madison Square Garden. Here is Yankee Stadium. (Applause) Will the Unification Church be big or not? "It will be big." Wow, wow, wow, Washington Monument... (Laughter) It will become like this. (Applause)

Look. On the day this happens, the world will know Reverend Moon. Even so, the intellectuals of the world, the smart people, will all know. Even while being beaten down, it has grown. (Applause) So the conclusion is that the more they hit, the bigger it gets. (Laughter) That’s why they say, "Let’s stop, let’s stop." Then when we hit... (Applause)

Therefore, this ugly Reverend Moon will become more famous as time goes on. (Applause) How much pain will the white people feel? (Laughter) Right, or not? "That's right." "We white people have created this cultural world on the continent for 400 years, and suddenly this yellow-skinned Reverend Moon comes in, what is this? It feels bad. Oh..." They will feel this way. (Laughter) Is it Reverend Moon who does this? You need to understand this. It’s not Reverend Moon doing it, but God and Jesus Christ doing it.

So what will happen? America will become the most punished country. You need to understand that if Reverend Moon's words are correct, there is no other way. On the day white people oppose, black people will immediately side with Reverend Moon. Not only that, all the yellow-skinned people will unite. Do you think that will happen or not? "I think it will happen." It’s not a funny existence. You need to understand it’s a fearsome existence. If one doesn't have the ability, they wouldn't know, but they do have the ability.

If there are ten million people, they can incite ten million to immediately say, "Let’s go!" and they will respond, "Yes!" Can that happen or not? "It can happen." So the white people should be quiet. They need to think deeply. White people, hearing this, don’t you feel bad? "No." White people need to be quiet for God to work quickly.

The people of Israel must repent for the sin of killing Jesus. 

Now, if Jesus had married, would He have had sons and daughters? "He would have." Then, 2000 years have passed, so how much would they have multiplied? They would be in Germany, in China, here in America; they would all be there. If that were the case, would Germany and America have fought? "No." Would Japan and America have fought? "No." If they were to fight, the descendants of Jesus would have said, "Hey! No way!" and stopped it.

If that were the case, the world would have united. It would revolve around one kingship and go on forever. Then who would be the king? Jesus would go first, and then the disciples would follow. The son of Jesus would be the king. Would there be something as trivial as the Roman Catholic Church? Would Christianity, which is now divided into over 400 sects, have become a fighting Christianity?

Would this world have become a democratic world with a presidential system? Would a monarchy be better or a presidential system? "A monarchy." Then, has democracy been achieved or not? "It has not been achieved." Everything is wrong. Everything is wrong.

If the sin of killing Jesus has become the motive that ruined the world and destroyed heaven, then the people of Israel must atone for that sin. Would it be okay for them to receive blessings? If they receive blessings, then there is no God. The people of Israel need to understand this. They need to know this and repent even now! Just because I say this doesn’t mean I’m being anti-Semitic or doing such tricks.

Even if I gather the people of Israel before God and speak, it can happen. Then whose words would be right? It’s Reverend Moon’s words that are right! It’s not too late now, so they must repent for the sin of killing Jesus and change Judaism into Christianity. Judaism must close its doors. Are they still considered heretical? Do they still oppose Jesus? For 2000 years... If there are Jews here, they need to understand this. They need to understand it clearly.

The Buddhism or Confucianism established in Asia, the incredible crime that has shattered everything that God prepared by sending prophets centered around the Asian empires, is a fearful crime, an unforgivable fearful crime committed by the people of Israel. This fact has never even crossed their minds. Do you understand? "Yes."

Because Israel could not take responsibility, God's blessing moved to Rome. 

Originally, Christianity was not meant to go to the West. It was not meant to go West. Do the Anglo-Saxon people or all the Western people have a deep understanding of religion? Asia has worshipped religion for thousands of years up until now. Even now, in terms of the spiritual aspect... Right? "Yes." If God's will had been fulfilled centered around Asia, how much... Today’s Western civilization, which is centered around white people, would not have existed. Up until now, how much have they exploited by promoting Christianity? Did they or did they not? "They did." If it had been spread to the East, it wouldn’t have happened to that extent. It wouldn’t have happened if it had been spread to the East. The East was coming out based on high moral philosophies centered around the world.

If Jesus had lived, would it have been easier to evangelize in Rome or in Asia? Think about it. Where would it have been easier? "Asia." This is certain. God prepared it this way. Therefore, the conclusion is that it had to be this way. Look now. The fact that they have been robbed and still remain without resistance until now is remarkable.

By killing Jesus, the original purpose centered around the nation of Israel and Asia was shattered. If the Arab world is said to be the heart of Jesus, then the Asian world is like the body of Jesus. The body of Jesus has all been shattered. Because Jesus died on the cross, He lost His body. Everything was shattered, and only the mental and spiritual standards were resurrected. Is that right or not? "That’s right."

So who took that blessing? Satan took it. Rome took it. Do you understand? "Yes." When Satan invades, Satan takes it. God could not take it, and Satan took it. Rome took everything that the nation of Israel had prepared for 4000 years. This must be fought for and taken back.

Because they lost the kingship of the nation of Israel established over 4000 years, they had to pay back 400 years for those 4000 years, personally being beaten in Rome, beaten as families, beaten collectively, beaten as churches, beaten as tribes, and paying the price. After paying this price, the 400 years truly led to the establishment of the kingship of the Roman Empire, the enemy nation centered around Christians. It’s a remarkable play. If God hadn’t been with them, would there have been any Christians left in the Roman era? "No, there wouldn’t have been." They would have become food for lions and all sorts...

Now, you need to think about the unfair circumstances that God had to hand over the world entrusted to the chosen people of Israel to the enemy nation of Rome. You need to understand this. When one cannot fulfill their mission centered around God's will, if there is a place that fervently desires heaven, blessings will be transferred to that place, and if not, they will be transferred to the enemy. You need to understand this. It will be passed on to the opposing side. If a more fervent group emerges within God's will, the group that has not been fervent until now will inevitably oppose it. The conclusion is that it will be passed on to the opposing group, that is, to the enemy.

The reason God's blessing moved from the Roman Catholic Church to England

So, centered around spiritual Christianity, God entrusted the world to the Italian people through the Roman Catholic Church. It was handed over. Did the Roman Catholic Church fulfill its responsibility to save the world? Did it or did it not? The Roman Catholic Church thought that Christianity existed for the Roman Catholic Church. It did not. They did not know that it existed for the world beyond the Roman Catholic Church. They did not know this. This is similar to the people of Israel.

They thought God existed for the Roman Catholic Church. They did not know that God's will was to save the world even at the cost of sacrificing Roman Catholicism. If the Roman people and the Vatican had known this principle, they would have united the world. Would they have done that or not? "They would have." They would have united the world.

However, everyone, centered around Christian culture, the dark age known as the feudal era that Christianity left behind is a shame for God. That was an exploitation centered around Christianity, exploitation. So could God be there? "No." That’s why Satan attacked. Humanistic ideas attacked. They rose up to attack the new church.

So what happened? The Catholic Church killed the Christians. They massacred hundreds of thousands, over 500,000. All the loyal followers... Would God be in that Roman Catholic Church? The more they opposed, the more the new church exploded. So where did the blessings that God entrusted to the world move? The conclusion is that they moved to the opposing new church and the opposing nation.

What nation is that? "It’s England." That’s correct. Why is that? Everyone, during the time of Henry VIII, the Anne Boleyn incident, they formally created a new church through the assembly. They expelled Roman Catholicism and established a new English church. Thus, the nation of England, the Anglo-Saxon people found an opportunity to receive God's historical blessing.

At that time, what Henry VIII needed to do was to oppose the Catholic Church entirely, but now he needed to draw all the new churches from across Europe into England. They did not know such a thing. If they had known, they would have concentrated everything in England. If they had done this, the nation and the church would have united, and if they had sought a new church movement and a new national system, how wonderful would that have been?

If Henry VIII had repented and sought such a new religious movement, even if he opposed the Catholic Church, they would all gather. Then a new Protestant nation opposing Rome would have boldly laid the foundation of the world. Henry VIII did not know this fact.

However, those who live a faith life centered around God's will saw the corruption of the union of kingship and church and planned to prevent the corruption of the church itself and to carry out a new expansion movement, creating a new assembly to establish a nation that aligns with God's will. This group is the Puritans, the Puritans. They could not support it and put on the brakes. Isn’t that right? "Yes."

If they had welcomed that, today’s America would not have emerged. This world would have all been under British influence... Would it have happened or not? "It would have happened." Such Anglo-Saxon people came to the point where they could inherit God's will instead of Italy... Why did England become the birthplace of the Industrial Revolution and the origin of modern civilization for 400 years? Because God entrusted England with the world’s leadership, they received such blessings. The English people did not know that. Isn’t that right? "Yes." It’s not because the English people are great.

As a maritime nation, England, being an island nation, was always under attack from the Vikings of Norway or Sweden, so they trained for maritime defense with an interest in the sea. Because without control over the maritime domain, England could not survive, Queen Elizabeth strengthened the policy of dominating the maritime domain. This was all in accordance with God's providence.

When countries like Spain dominated South America and England dominated North America, they outwardly liked Spain while executing a policy of deception internally. Don’t you learn history and know all this? Spain dominated South America. So, to prevent Spain from trying to dominate North America, England strengthened various maritime policies.

Because England received blessings within God's will, the sun never set on the British Empire across the five oceans and six continents. Do you think it was because the Anglo-Saxon people were great? It was God who did it, God. So, did England create a good opportunity to unify the world or not? Would it have happened or not? "It would have happened." Look. England quickly reached Asia... Even while ruling India for 300 years, they exploited everything, and the actions of the English will lead to punishment. 

God did not intend to create such a nation. Instead, He should have created a strong nation that could represent England and dominate Asia.
Yes. This is why we become one, and become like brothers... Christianity must become one with Asia. Why? Because that is the will of Jesus. Originally, Asia is like the body. Even though it was all entrusted to become one and more, England did not think that this blessing was for the world, but believed it was a blessing for England. 

In fulfilling God's will, the nation of England was an enemy. If England had supported the world’s humanity and the world’s nations as a brotherly nation, and invested all of itself with true love centered on God's love, then, based on our principle, to recreate Cain, it would have had to invest all of itself. If England had known this principle, today’s England would not have become what it is. 

You see. We must understand that Christianity has been branded as an exploitative institution because England did so. Isn’t that right? “That’s right.” The blessing that was entrusted to England could not be transferred. So it was transferred to those who opposed them. The Puritans engaged in internal and external movements for Christianity or the establishment of a council. So, when they were all cornered and faced death, they had no choice but to flee to the continent of America. Because persecution against the new religion was severe in Europe, all those seeking freedom of faith went to the continent of America. They were all gathered in one place. That is America.

America, established with the blessing of England, within the will of God.

What are the Pilgrim Fathers? They are Puritans. They sought to establish an ideal church and pursue an ideal nation in the name of God. Although they themselves could not see it, because what they thought was in accordance with God’s will, it concludes that God could not help but think of the immigrants of America centered on the ideology of the Pilgrim Fathers, abandoning the British Empire.

There were attacks from the Indians, threats from Spain, threats from the Netherlands, and then they came here abandoning England because of the Catholic Church... All these things allowed for a new faith movement to unite. They transcended nations and united based on faith. They became united centered on God, right? They sought an ideal church, didn’t they? They sought an ideal nation, didn’t they? It fits perfectly. The thoughts desired by God and those of these settlers matched exactly. Therefore, God could not help but entrust the world to them. That is why a nation was created. The nation was made by God.

That is why they waged a war of independence against England. Do you think the independence army thought they could win against England, which was ruling the world at that time? No one thought that. It was impossible. It was not the independence army that won; it was God who won. No matter how great England was...

America must understand this. America is a nation established by people united around the new religion centered on God’s will. That is why they began to use the motto “One Nation Under God.” It includes whites, blacks, yellows, and all. Even the enemy nations of Europe are all included. You must understand this. England is called the United Kingdom. In fact, that term is correct. It is not a United Kingdom centered on whites. It is a United Kingdom centered on humanity, but they did not know that. If that had been the case, would America have come into existence? “No, it wouldn’t have.” That is how it happened.

This is a nation that has made a high-level, super-national union centered on one faith and one nation, establishing a new religious nation centered on Christianity. Therefore, we must recognize that it is a nation established in accordance with the will that God’s providence desires.

What kind of person is an American?

Then, what kind of person is an American? We need to know who an American is. Right now, there are all sorts of commotion about the 200th anniversary of America and other things. But we need to understand what a true American is. First, they are people who are in agreement with the will of God. They are people centered on God. Those who are not united around God’s will are not Americans. They are not true Americans. Those who are centered on God’s will are true Americans, regardless of their ethnicity. Blacks or anyone else can all be true Americans. That is the first point.

Next, they are people who want to create an ideal Christianity, ideal Christians. Then, they are patriots who want to create an ideal nation, an ideal nation centered on Christianity. It is not centered on America but on Christianity. You must understand this. Therefore, members of Congress should not decide alone. They must decide with the people of God. Senators should be famous church pastors, loyal servants of God, and then members of the House should be true Americans. From the perspective of what I know as God’s will, the American Congress should be like this. Senators should all be faithful members of the church and exemplary people who can lead the national spirit. House members are fine. God desires that.

If that had been the case, America would not be like this today. They would not be playing games of shaking hands with the communists, saying they are friendly with the communists. Absolutely not. Even if American people, American congressmen, and the Congress oppose this, let them oppose it. Reverend Moon’s words are correct. Such a nation must be created, a Christian nation, one. A united world must be created. Even if they lose their Senate seats, if they had included exemplary global figures who are loyal to world Christianity in the American Senate, world Christianity would have become one.

To quickly stop this, should the young people of the Unification Church, who are white, be sacrificed without rest, or not? “They should be sacrificed.” Should they, or should they not? “They should.” They must.

Now, look. Where is Yankee Stadium? Is it in America or Korea? “It’s in America.” Then who must succeed this? “We must.” Ultimately, America will be ruled by blacks. Do you understand what that means? “Yes.” You must understand that the Unification Church ideology is feared even by the communists, even by the communists. The top leaders of the communists all know Reverend Moon. The communists already know that “our enemy is none other than Reverend Moon in the free world.”

However, the leaders of the free world regard Reverend Moon as a joke. This is ridiculous. The leaders of the free world should support Reverend Moon and engage in activities that can overcome the communist world, but what is happening? Do you believe that? “Yes.” Therefore, we must unite. We must influence America and the world as soon as possible. Will we do it, or not? “We will.” Let those who will raise their hands and swear!

In the end, what remains is unity and love.

Now, shall we stop, or shall we continue? “Yes.” It has been two hours. Our mothers and daughters are probably saying, “Oh, I wish he would stop...” (laughter) That’s right, mother. I promised two hours. “Today, I will do it for two hours.” (laughter) I promised to do it for two hours, so what should we do? Should we break the promise, or keep it? “We should break it.” (laughter) What should we do? If you say, “Mother cannot do it either. If we are better, mother should yield,” isn’t that what we should say? (laughter, applause) Then, let’s do a bit more.

Now we can conclude what kind of group can fulfill God’s will. If there are individuals, families, tribes, and nations that want to return to God through such work, that nation will dominate the world and lead it together with God. Isn’t that right? “Yes.” Even if I were God, I would not be able to think beyond this. If God had not taught this and Reverend Moon knew it all, would He say, “Wow, Reverend Moon is really great,” or would He say, “Oh!”? God would do this. (making a face, laughter)

How long will the Unification Church last? Think about that. For a moment, forever? “Forever.” You must be certain about this. (pointing to what he wrote) The mission of the Unification Church ends here. The Unification Church cannot go beyond this. The name of the Unification Church must be cut off here. In heaven, there is no need for the Unification Church. You must understand that. Only God, the Lord, and humanity will remain. Therefore, within unity, God’s love governs everything. In the end, what will remain is God’s love. Nothing else will remain. Within God’s love... That is why only unity and love remain, understand? “Yes.” Unity and love remain.

Therefore, we must prepare to leave unity with humanity... Because love of a proportion that can unite will emerge, the subjective love that becomes the standard for creating oneness will emerge. The extent to which you unite with humanity and achieve harmony in this regard will determine the various levels of God’s love that you can possess. This is the conclusion.

Why do we do this? Because we do it for humanity and God, we cannot complain. Because such levels are determined in the name of God, and such positions are determined in the name of humanity, the levels are determined in the name of God and humanity, so we cannot complain. Complaining would mean opposing God immediately and opposing humanity. Therefore, that place is a place where only unity and love exist, which is the ideal world. There can be no complaints. Do you understand? “Yes.”

The reason and method for the absolute true son, the Messiah, to come again.

Then how does the absolute true son, the Messiah, come and make sons and daughters? (writing while speaking) The Bible says there is a true olive tree and a wild olive tree. The Messiah is the true olive tree, and all other people are wild olive trees. If individuals become one, families become one, nations become one, and the world becomes one, and if such preparation is made for the Messiah, then the Messiah can come and cut the world off and graft it in all at once.

In seven years, He can graft the entire world and still have more to spare. Can He do that or not? “He can.” What kind of fruit will come out when He grafts? Is it the fruit of the true olive tree or the wild olive tree? “The fruit of the true olive tree.” The fruit of the true olive tree. You become the sons of God. If that happens, it is the automatic passage to heaven. Originally, you go to heaven if you have the qualifications of the sons and daughters of God. It is a place where the sons and daughters of God go.

Then, has the Messiah come here? We are hoping for the Messiah to come... Heaven cannot be realized before the Messiah comes. Why? Because they have not become sons and daughters. That theory is correct, isn’t it? “Yes.” You must understand that Jesus is also in paradise now. Originally, when entering heaven, you enter with a family after getting married. When Adam and Eve mature within God’s will, do they become Buddhas or brother and sister? “Buddhas.” So, they would have formed a family as the sons and daughters of God, given birth to God’s grandchildren, and then entered heaven. A family must enter.

That is why in our Unification Church, this is called the ideal of creation. Did we conclude it well or not? “We did well.” Is it because the teacher’s head is good, or because God loved us that it happened? “Both.” That’s right. It is both. (laughter, applause) What does the completion of the ideal of the son-in-law mean? Now you must understand that such words came out from this content. It is understood that entering heaven by forming a family is the ideal. That is the principle, the heavenly way. It is the unchanging ideal of God.

Therefore, it is natural that Jesus could not enter heaven. Because He did not have a family. Does Jesus have a family? “No.” Does He have sons and daughters? “No.” So, can God accept Jesus into the ideal world or not? That is why He is in paradise. Paradise is a waiting room for entering heaven. Did you understand that clearly? “Yes.” It fits the theory. It must fit the theory.

That is why Jesus must come again here. What is the purpose of Jesus coming? It is to find what can match God’s ideal. Therefore, the established church must standardize and conclude this until the end times. Then, what must the manly Jesus do when He comes here? What must Jesus do? Does He come to find the world? Before finding the world, what must He find first? He must find the nation. Before finding the nation, He must find the tribe, and before finding the tribe, He must find the family, and before finding the family, He must find the wife, the wife. Therefore, the Lord must come as the bridegroom and find the bride. The conclusion of such a Bible is precisely the wedding feast of the Lamb. That statement is correct.

Then, will Jesus come riding on a cloud? Today’s foolish Christians, will He come riding on a cloud? Will heaven be realized by coming on a cloud? “No.” That’s nonsense, nonsense. It does not fit the theory. However, you must understand that Reverend Moon’s words fit the theory. Who is the heretic, who? Is it the Unification Church or the established church? “The established church.” Now, must the Lord come as a person, or must He come riding on a cloud like a ghost? “He must come as a person.” As a person? “Yes.” There is no other way. No matter how you look at it theoretically... The fallen world is completely broken here, so it must be fixed here before going, how can it be done by coming on a cloud?

If the Israelite people had known God’s will and become one with Jesus...
If they had known that the Messiah came for all of humanity rather than just for the Jewish people, the Israelite nation would not have allowed the Messiah to die. If they had thought about whether what Jesus was doing was greater than what the Jewish people and their priests were doing, they could have considered Jesus as the Messiah. Would that have been the case or not? 
"It would have been." 
Then why couldn't they accept Jesus? They thought the Messiah was meant for Judaism and the Israelite nation, but he came for the world. It couldn't be helped. God's will is not to serve just the Israelite nation; rather, it is to save the world, even if it means sacrificing the Israelite nation. Therefore, if they blocked Jesus' path, the world would perish, and they could not help but confront him. Is that right or not? 
"That's right." 
If Jesus only followed Judaism, why would there be opposition? If they only thought of the Israelite nation, why would there be opposition? The will of God, the will of the Messiah, the will of Judaism that hopes for the Messiah, and the will of the Israelite nation were different. 
Those who cannot stand before God's will are removed. They perish. No matter how hard they worked... Is that certain? 
"Yes." 
Even when Jesus spoke, he spoke for the world and for humanity, for God's grand purpose, but this narrow perspective... this is the problem. Jesus is not the person who fits the scriptures through the Old Testament. The Jesus who came is the one who fits the world's perspective... there is a fundamental difference. 
Jesus should have saved the world even if it meant sacrificing the Israelite nation and Judaism, but they absolutely could not sacrifice that and could not bring the world forward. This must be understood clearly. Why did the Israelite nation perish? They did not know that God's will was to save the world and that the Messiah was coming for the world, so they killed the Messiah, and by killing the Messiah, they perished. That is why they have been wandering for 2,000 years. They have been trampled by every nation... Does that theory fit or not? 
"That fits." 
Then, when considering where there is a nation that does not perish or a religion that does not perish, you must understand that without a religion that follows God's will, that seeks to save the world and humanity, there is no way to avoid perishing. You must understand that clearly. Do you understand what I mean? 
"Yes." 
That is very important. 
Then, what will happen to the will that entrusted the world to the nation of Israel? That is the question. It must be transferred, right? Before we discuss that, let me say one more thing. Now, if Jesus and the Israelite nation had become one, what would have happened? If they had united and honored Jesus, what would have happened? Then it would have become a world-oriented Jewish form of Christianity. If that had happened, the Jews would have dominated the world. Would they have dominated the world or not? 
"They would have dominated." 
If Jesus and the Jewish nation had united at that time... The political power of Rome was corrupt. We can see how weakened they were from the fact that Pilate was afraid of a riot if he killed Jesus. If God exists, Rome could not have been like that when Jesus came. 
What would have happened if the Israelite nation had united with Jesus? Would they have accepted him as the Messiah or not? If they had accepted him as the Messiah, what would have happened? They would have crowned him as the king of the Israelite nation. Right? 
"Yes." 
If that had happened, what would Rome have done? Would they have opposed it, or would they have supported it saying, "Oh! This is great, the Messiah!"? 
"They would have opposed." 
They would have opposed it. 
Then the Israelite nation would have become more united. If the Israelite nation and Jesus opposed Rome, the Arab world centered around the 12 tribes of Jacob, which was under Roman control at that time, would have united all at once. They would have united all at once. Would they have united or not? 
"They would have united." 
All the Arab world and all the 12 tribes of Israel would have honored Jesus as the Messiah. Is that correct? 
"Yes." 
Then would the Arab world have become Islamic? 
"No." 
The Israel of today could not have even dreamed of that. If the Arab world had united... Rome would have gradually... Then what would have happened? India and China, Asia would have united with the Arab world. Then the ancient civilizations of India and China would have looked down upon the arrogant and proud Rome and would have supported the "Jesus of the Arab world." Would they have supported or not? 
"They would have supported." 
If that had happened, from our principle, when Cain and Abel are completely united, the Arab world would be the inner Abel, and the Asian world would be Cain, and Cain would support, causing Rome to surrender. By establishing the conditions for unity, a world-dominating unified kingdom centered on Jesus Christ would have been established. With this, if God worked, Asia and the Middle East would have united, and Rome would have been automatically absorbed. If that had happened, a unified world in the name of Christ would have been created. Do you think that could have happened? 
"Yes." 
That is why God, who knows all this in advance, must prepare in the historical process for the day the Messiah is sent to the descendants of Abraham in the Middle East, so that the Asian region can receive the Messiah. Therefore, he sent religious leaders like Buddha to India, Confucius to China, and Socrates to Greece to carry out ideological and religious preparations. When we see these facts, we must conclude that Reverend Moon's words are correct. When we see that, we believe that the conclusion of the teacher is natural. Is that so? 
"Yes." 
God prepared all that. If that had happened, Asia and the Middle East would have united and created an ideal Christian realm that expanded Judaism, achieving a victorious Christian heavenly kingdom. 
The Will of God Centered on the Messiah 
If that had happened, would Jesus have to marry or not? 
"He must." 
They say this, and they call Reverend Moon a heretic, a heretic. Men, listen. Is there any man who thinks he does not want to get married? Raise your hand if you are a man who does not want to get married. That guy should be beaten to death. Beat him to death, that guy. But even if you want to beat him to death, there is no one. (Laughter) Would Jesus be the only one saying, "Oh, it's me"? Wouldn't he say, "I am just like you men"? 
Today, Christians think that when Jesus eats, he does not use chopsticks, flies around the second floor, and does not go to the restroom. (Laughter) They think, "How could the holy Son of God do that?" Jesus had excrement in his belly, you know, excrement. Right? 
"Yes." 
That is holy. He is holy because he is a true person. A true person is holy. Butterflies fly in pairs, and birds chirp in pairs; that is holy. Would you prefer a butterfly flying alone or two flying together? Would you prefer a bird chirping alone or two chirping together? Which is better? 
"Two..." 
In God's eyes, would it be better for Jesus to sing alone or for Jesus and his counterpart to sing together? 
"With his counterpart." 
That is beyond discussion. He must marry. When Jesus himself looks at it, if there was a woman better than him, someone who could love God more than himself, would he have proposed to marry her or not? 
"He would have." 
(Recording briefly cuts out) 
He is devoted to the church. If someone who was a president or prime minister in a Christian country were made a senator, wouldn't that have created a Christian nation? Wouldn't they have created a nation? 
"They would have." 
Because I say this, they oppose Reverend Moon in the U.S. Congress, claiming it does not fit the democratic system and Pan-American ideology. Let them oppose! Reverend Moon's words will remain in history. If the senators of the United States were people who had been presidents of various Christian nations, would this country perish? Would the democratic world today have become a result of opposing America? 
If they listen to Reverend Moon's words even now, I believe America can survive. If the ideas left by the Pilgrim Fathers are inherited by the nation and the world, can we not fulfill God's will in this world? A nation... The people of various European countries, even if they come to live in America, are the same. America is similar to European countries, so those who have been presidents can easily become senators in America. Then, wouldn't the European countries naturally unite? If this is Abel, Europe must unite as Cain. I think this is the method Reverend Moon desires, the method God desires. Do you think so? 
"Yes." 
If I become president, it will happen immediately. If I can give orders and commands to the President of the United States, I will create such an America. My intention in trying to work with Nixon was to create such an America that would lead the world. You must understand that. If that had happened, America would truly become a nation capable of uniting the world. 
America has the actual power to dominate the world centered around World War I and World War II. The Roman Empire has wiped out 4,000 years of Israel's history, but America must wipe out 2,000 years of history in 200 years to receive blessings. 
Instead of being opposed, they are to receive blessings. In 200 years... This is next year. Next year is the limit. America must understand that it is in the greatest crisis. If they make one good decision, America will survive; if they cannot decide well, America will perish. 
But what is the strange trend in America? Reverend Moon of the Unification Church is seen as a strange person. Based on the principle of blessing transmission, Reverend Moon has faced opposition from established churches and America, yet he is advancing boldly, and you must understand that he is not someone to be opposed. Do you understand what that means? 
If we follow Reverend Moon's words, America will survive, and if we follow Reverend Moon's words, the established church will survive, but if we do not follow Reverend Moon's words, the blessings of the established church will be taken by Reverend Moon, and the blessings of America will also be transferred to Reverend Moon and the Unification Church. If the established church opposes, the blessings of the established church will come. Is that the formula? 
"Yes." 
That is why he is the most frightening person. He is the most frightening person for the established church and the most frightening person for America. He is the closest and the most precious guest, yet he is also the most frightening guest. 
This is not just my perspective; it is how God sees it. What I am saying is not Reverend Moon's words. I am speaking from the perspective of God's providence in history. This is God's message. Is there anything like this in American history? 
"Yes." 
Is there a book in the world library that contains such words? 
"No." 
Does it make sense or not? 
"It makes sense." 
Then you must wake up. 
As a result of America's inability to take responsibility before God's will, Western civilization has now borne fruit. Christianity has come to the end of the world. Just as a new global movement arose in Rome 400 years after Christianity, the time has come to bear fruit because a new explosive global movement will arise in the end times of American history, representing 2,000 years in 200 years. 
Why do we question events like the Madison Square Garden event, the Yankee Stadium event, and the Washington Monument event? The fact that Reverend Moon has done such things within four years... No revivalist or religious leader in America has done such things. This is historical and global. By creating a good opportunity to lead the American people in a new direction, it will provide a direction for the church in America to survive and for America to survive. 
In contrast, the established church continues to fall away. American youth are all dying. They are all decaying. Our youth, the Unification Church, will definitely rise. If this country is to be saved, we must find an organization that can properly take responsibility for the young people. Then the conclusion will be the Unification Church. 
No one knows that such a tremendous historical mission lies before this small group of young people. You yourselves probably never dreamed of carrying such a mission. You only realize it when you hear the teacher's words. The Pilgrim Fathers of old were all refugees fleeing on ships. They did not know that God was following behind the refugees. They could only think nationalistically centered around the Anglo-Saxon race, but we think of global matters, and we must realize how much we surpass the Pilgrim Fathers. We are not comparable to the Pilgrim Fathers. Do you understand that? 
"Yes." 
The conclusion that God has expectations of us is a logical conclusion. 
After World War II, America became a country that could truly dominate the world. Is that correct? 
"Yes." 
In both World War I and World War II, it was not Britain that won. It was America that won. They won because of America, all of it. Is that correct? 
"Yes." 
Then what should America do? Countries like Germany and Japan, which were the leading nations in World War II, are all enemies of God. They are enemies of God who massacred Christians and Jews. They opposed Christianity and massacred Jews. The Christianity of countries like Korea... Japan is the same. 
Therefore, having fought against the satanic world and having occupied all of it, they should not give away even a piece of land that Germany had, nor should they give away a piece of land that Japan had; America must manage it and not hand it over. You must understand this. Did America do that or not? 
"No." 
Why did they hand over the land that Germany occupied, like Czechoslovakia, Yugoslavia, and Albania, to the Soviet Union? Why did they divide Germany into East and West? America should have managed all of it. If the Soviet Union claimed it, they should have said, "No, you little brat! Don’t you know that you are standing here because of us?" These guys marched in lawlessly. Is that correct? 
"Yes." 
America failed to take responsibility. If they had said, "You little brat, I fought the fight, and you want the spoils? You little brat, retreat!" then the Communist Party would have disappeared at that time. Wouldn't that be the case? 
"Yes." 
The purpose for which the youth of the democratic world shed blood and fought was to expand God's territory, to broaden the scope of the heavenly kingdom, and to find many heavenly people. Even with such a divine will behind that struggle, they all retreated? You little brat! 
America must take responsibility for dividing Germany, and they are also responsible for creating the situation in Korea. If they cannot take responsibility, who benefits? 
"The enemy." 
The enemy. The country that should have received the greatest blessings from World War II, America, lost all those blessings because of its inability to take responsibility, and the Communist Party took them. You must understand that the Communist Party took them. Do you understand? 
"Yes." 
Next, do you know why Germany and Japan, who were enemies of America and Britain, received blessings?
Why did the defeated countries revive after World War II? There is no principle in history that states that a defeated nation can revive. The enemies received blessings because the United States could not take responsibility. Is that correct or not? "That's correct." And now, Europe is retreating, Asia is retreating... Look at the state of the United States. How would God view America? These children... America is just rotting away. It's collapsing now, isn't it? "Yes." The Christians who cannot take responsibility are facing consequences. Christianity is failing. Because Christianity did not lead America to completely push back against communism and did not even grant a unified land to the communists, this is what is happening. 

If the United States does not accept this purpose, the entire world will be communized. Is America for the world, or is it for itself? "For the world..." Don't the American people know that? "No." They don't know, so we are teaching them to listen to Reverend Moon's words. We are teaching them correctly. Is this leading to destruction? What would happen if Reverend Moon were supported now? What if all churches supported him? What if the American people supported him? It's not too late even now. Because they are not listening, we must exercise our power, which is why we are doing this. Should we do it or not? "We should do it." If we don't, America will perish! The free world and Christianity will perish! 

If that happens, the entire world will be swallowed by the communist world. On that day, just like the Jewish people and the nation of Israel, those who hold the ideals of the free world and Christianity will become sacrificial offerings throughout history. We must understand that good can turn bad. We must understand that we will receive a punishment more severe than that of the Jews. Is that so, or not? Are we not now caught in the grip of the communist world, retreating like this? Look at Europe. The time has come when the communists can do as they please. Look at Asia. Only Korea remains. Look at American soil. Right now, the communists are conducting a movement to overthrow the American government in broad daylight. 

Who is stopping that? Is the American military stopping it? "No, they can't." Is the American church stopping it? "No, they can't." Are the American people stopping it? "No, they can't." If the United States, representing the democratic world, does not accept this purpose, all of humanity will become like the Jews, God will be expelled from the earth, and the world will turn into a satanic world where humanity cannot call upon God's name. 

Unite and succeed in the Yankee Stadium event. 

So, when will the Lord return? When will the Lord come? You must wake up. If the communists come, do you think they will spare the members of the Unification Church? Do you think your necks will remain intact? Do you think you will endure? First, the Christians and the people of the free world who advocate democracy will all lose their heads. Is that so, or not? "That's so." You all know that this is an undeniable fact, but can you just let it be? "No, we can't." You must make a final decision with your lives on the line. Is that right or not? "That's right." 

The American people will take responsibility and succeed in the Yankee Stadium event, will they not? "We will succeed." If we can't, God will perish. God will perish. How serious do you think the Teacher is? How serious do you think the Teacher, who understands this, is? You must be even more serious than I am. 

Am I saying that I will hold the Yankee Stadium event to succeed? "No." I am saying we must resurrect the American people who could not take responsibility and make them a responsible people. We must correct this. As long as we have the energy, we must invest all our energy into this event. Now, those who can do it, raise your hands and swear before heaven! This is a serious matter. 

The Teacher has thought about this. 'Why have I taken on this responsibility with this purpose?' There are times I think like that. It is astonishing. The world is vast, but there are no people, no foundation, no money... 

That is why I cannot help but think about how to do this. Whether I eat or go anywhere... I think you are happy. There is no one else in the world who thinks like that except Reverend Moon, so God believes in me. I wanted to believe in this great America, but instead, I am believed in by America, believing in me, an Eastern person... How astonishing is that? Do you understand that now? "Yes." That is why those who oppose Reverend Moon will perish. 

We must unite, right? "Yes!" Even if a thousand, ten thousand, or millions of people put in their all, it cannot compare to what must be done with this number. But it is certain that God is with us. It is certain that heaven is with us. We must love our black family during this precious time. The good environment is not the problem. You must do the same. You have understood this. 

Therefore, we must succeed in the Yankee Stadium event. Now, Western civilization, Christian civilization, centers around America and is at its end. Italy is revival, England is growth, and America is completion at the end. If we fail here, there is only communism left. Do you understand? "Yes." That is why the center of Christian nations worldwide is America. You must understand this. That is why I said earlier that we must unite the leaders of Christian nations worldwide and globalize a unified world Christian foundation. 

What will happen if America does not do this? You must create it. You must understand that. America must take full responsibility for the astonishing fact that Christian nations have become the stepping stones for the communist world. 

America is the place that has inherited Western civilization, spiritual civilization, and emotional civilization, bearing fruit globally. Therefore, America must understand that it is the center country of the Second Israel. Is that not so? "Yes." 

Where should America, having reached the end of Western civilization, go? Where should the Christian civilization country, America, go beyond the American continent? The Americans say, 'America should exist as America itself.' This is what the American congressmen say, 'America can exist as Pan-Americanism, as America itself.' God's will is to unite Western civilization and Asian civilization into one. 

Then, if the Christian civilization centered on the spiritual civilization of the West has borne fruit, what should come next? We must find the body, the body of Jesus. If we have found the heart and laid the global foundation, we must find the body. Where should we find that body? Originally, if the Arab world had united around Jesus, that body would be the Asian civilization. Therefore, where does Western civilization enter? It must go to the Asian civilization, where we can find the lost body of Jesus. 

That is the conclusion. Is that correct? "Yes." 

Isn't it the case even now? The Western civilization is in decline, so it must inevitably be dominated by Asian spiritual civilization, as Toynbee concluded. Don't you also have an interest in Asia? Yes, right? "Yes." On the other hand, Asia has an interest in Western material civilization. They are both hoping for each other. Therefore, we must strategize to make one. Has that matured now, or not? "It has matured." The Americans themselves can no longer survive, and they all know there is no way to go in the world. They have no choice but to rely on Asia... The Asian people are also waiting for Western material civilization... They are both hoping for each other. 

Isn't that strange? Why did Western civilization centered on the Christian cultural sphere receive the blessings of material? They found the body of Jesus. With this, they created something like the body of Jesus and where should they go? They must move to Asia, where they were originally meant to go, to a place where East and West can become one. 

That is why America must aid Asia. They must understand that they should aid Asia more than Europe. They have been doing that until now. However, since the time of President Kennedy, they have been reducing foreign aid, which is why Kennedy was assassinated and all that happened. There was something behind all that. The reason they could draw in the communists and welcome them at the UN General Assembly was because of Hammarskjöld... That was the situation back then. Originally, they should not have brought the communists in. Nowadays, they are lifting the legs of the communists, and they are cornered, going, "Ha, ha, ha, ha," right? (Expressing with gestures) 

Thus, we have reached a stage where we must dismantle the UN. Isn't that a good situation? Isn't that so? "Yes." This time, Korea, Israel, and America are cornered. Isn't that strange? Isn't that so? "Yes." The three should become one, but they are not becoming one, so heaven is pushing them through Satan and the communist world without them realizing it. The question is how to handle Judaism and how to handle Christianity. That is the problem. Only the Unification Church can do that. Only the Unification Church that came out of Korea can do that. Isn't that so? "Yes." 

Now, when we consider where America, having reached the end of Western civilization, should go, it must go to Asia. We cannot just return; we must return through indemnity. (Writing on the board while speaking) Having crossed from the Italian peninsula to the island nation, when returning to this continent, we must travel along the islands and focus on the peninsula, making indemnity. According to the law of indemnity, there is no other way to reach Asia. However, the region of Asia is held by Satan. We cannot just give such places to Satan. We must find such places. That is the purpose of World War II. 

Now, regarding the positions of America, Italy, England, Japan, and Korea from a providential perspective, there are two paths for America to return through the island nations. One is the path centered on the Philippines leading to the Indochina Peninsula. Vietnam, where the Viet Cong are. The other is the path through Japan to Korea. So, which path is the way according to God's will? The Philippines was American territory. Therefore, that will not do. It must be a nation that stands in a position like an enemy, a country where we can fight and win, and that country is only Japan. 

What England must do is unite the Asian empire with England, but because they could not do that, Japan, standing on the side of Satan, must play the role of uniting Asia. Satan cannot help but allow that standard to be exercised. Thus, Japan sweeps across all of Asia. Where do they primarily occupy? They occupy Southeast Asia centered on India. They had occupied all of that. Therefore, Japan fought against America and eventually lost. 

As a result, what happened? America was able to manage Japan. Korea, which was within Japan... If this is the West... Ultimately, Japan must fulfill the mission similar to how England saved Italy. Thus, Korea, which was occupied, is now liberated and living. When we see this, England is the sun nation. Italy is the papal nation. It is Adam. Therefore, through the sun and moon, America emerges. This responsibility is carried out here, this responsibility is carried out here, and the archangel's responsibility is also carried out here, making all three responsibilities fulfilled here. That is why people from Europe are moving here. Thus, a comprehensive nation has been established. 

Therefore, we must go back to find this. This nation must go to Asia. From this side, that side is the Adam-type, but from that side, this side is the archangel-type. We must understand this. This is the sun nation, and this is the Adam nation. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." We must indemnify. (Pointing to what was written) 

Thus, World War II is God's operation to create a base for America to go to Asia. Japan has purely inherited British culture. It is purely British culture. They have just transferred everything British over. Japan is the sun nation. They have worshipped the female deity Amaterasu Omikami. That is the sun goddess. Japan is a female nation. 

However, this is the opposite of what England on heaven's side should have done. England should have embraced the world like a mother and raised it, but because they are on the side of Satan, they occupy Asia and fulfill all their own desires. It is the same. Just as England gave birth to America, this sun must give birth to Adam. Because they are on the side of Satan, when the fall occurred, Satan took Eve, and Eve took Adam, which must be indemnified and restored. They have established that entire position. We must indemnify it in reverse. 

Thus, from the archangel's side, we must take Eve and find Adam. This nation will perish and disappear, and Adam will be independent. Korea will become independent. Ultimately, from the satanic world, the archangel will break Eve and come to find Adam. They will subdue Eve... Therefore, what is the fall? The fall is when the angel on Satan's side subdued Eve and caused Adam to perish. Therefore, from the perspective of the archangel on heaven's side, it is about subduing Eve and coming to find Adam. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

When we ask how Japan dominated Asia for 120 years, it is because, within the providential purpose, Japan had to develop inevitably to restore indemnity and could not help but have a leading influence in Asia for a time. Thus, they must carry out the task of finding what was lost. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Then, the conclusion arises that Korea will become a civilization sphere like the Italian peninsula. Italy is the place that dominates global spiritual Christianity centered on the Vatican. Therefore, if Korea is the place where spiritual Christianity is completed and enters Asia to bear physical fruit, that Korea will create a papal authority centered on spirit and body, and become the place that dominates the world centered on God's will. Does that conclusion hold? "Yes." 

That is why the Lord must come to Korea. When this is centered here and becomes one, all of Asia will become one, and the Middle East can also become one. Since the spiritual start was made to the west, the Middle East becomes the last based on physical standards. That is how it will be. Thus, a single world will be formed. Therefore, the Unification Church must liberate the Jewish nation, and America and Korea must all be saved. Does that hold? "Yes." 

Korea is the place that will determine the final fate of the communist world and the democratic world.
It's left over. If the United States had taken responsibility, the Communist Party would have already disappeared. Because they couldn't take responsibility, this game is happening. If they had listened to MacArthur in 1951, even though MacArthur was dismissed in April, by September of that year, the communist world would have completely disappeared. 

Since the United States couldn't take responsibility, we have to do it, in terms of meaning. Right? "That's right." We need to find it again. The United States cannot find it. We, centered on a new meaning, need to bring this back. What happens if we lose this? What happens if we lose these two representatives of Asia and the West? It's the end, right? Right? "That's correct." 

Then Europe will be instantly communist. Asia will also be instantly communist. Right? "That's right." If all the communist countries in the world unite and strike down the United States, everything will collapse. Forget about international conferences, nuclear disarmament meetings, and all that. Kissinger is busy going around, doing this and that, but none of that works. The more he goes around, the more he contacts, it's absolutely a loss. The more he goes back and forth, the more he loses. Isn't that right? "Yes." He went around France and tried to reconcile Vietnam, and look what happened to Vietnam. Nowadays, he's going around looking for China and the Soviet Union, doing all sorts of things, but that doesn't bring any benefit. Do you think it will? "I think so." 

That is a result of solidifying the foundation of freedom for the Communist Party to operate domestically. Kissinger said, "Ideology has nothing to do with us! Let's engage in cultural exchange." That was his policy. That means it's okay to engage in leftist ideological activities in the United States. It means it's fine to engage in communist activities in the United States. What are we trying to do? When you look at these things, it's a ridiculous game. 

Where is the final fate of the communist world and the democratic world going to be decided? It's not Germany. Germany is connected to the satellite countries. When Satan looks, where is the best place? In Asia, where God's providence can settle, is the place Satan fears the most. If you look at it centered on Korea (while writing), here is connected to the Soviet Union, and here is connected to China. Then Japan is connected. Then the United States is connected. These four major powers are focusing on Korea. There is no other region like this in the world. Is Germany like that? "No." 

Therefore, the place that will determine the fate of the democratic world and the communist world is Korea. The day China occupies Korea, Japan will automatically be occupied. Then China will occupy all of Asia. If the Soviet Union occupies Korea, it will automatically occupy Japan. That is why there is a fierce competition over the occupation of Asia. Isn't that right? "Yes." 

But the United States can embrace Japan and manage Korea, so why couldn't it occupy Asia? Why couldn't it manage Asia? If it loses Asia, the fate of the United States, the fate of Western civilization will come to an end. From God's perspective, is the United States doing well or not? Originally, wouldn't the United States manage all of Southeast Asia, all the way to India? But didn't it lose that? It lost India too. Didn't Vietnam, Thailand, the Philippines, and Indonesia all go to the side of China? 

Should the United States retreat from Asia or not? Should it stop in the United States and abandon the world? Is that God's will? There is no other way for the United States to avoid destruction. It must take responsibility to return humanity to God through the Messiah who comes to save humanity. But it is not just the United States that God wants. It must understand that God's will is to save the world, even if it means sacrificing the United States. 

Originally, before the Korean War, the United States set up the UN forces. The Korean War broke out because the United States abandoned South Korea. It was thought that they would defend along the line from Alaska, through Japan, to the Philippines. When the United States said it would withdraw, North Korea attacked. So Truman established the UN forces, involving 16 countries. That was a good move. It created a standard for the United States to establish a connection with Asia in the future. That was a good thing. It means that the Korean people and the UN forces stood in a position to shed blood for Korean independence. 

Because the United States couldn't take responsibility, it led to a fight to leave a foundation of responsibility through bloodshed, all of it, between the communist world and the free world. Thus, the conditions for a shared destiny were established. When you look at history, the American people and the Korean people are bound by blood. The people of the free world must understand that they are bound by blood. Do you understand that Korea is the central nation of the world? "Yes." Now the question is... This is where Satan and God are trying to come, and this is the last place where Satan's front line and God's front line will be established. 

So this time, centered on Vietnam... This time, the issue of Korea is that the United States was trying to give up, give up. It was trying to give up Korea while doing everything along the line from Alaska to Japan, through the Philippines to Australia, connecting to India. Because I know that... In Asia, Vietnam was made a sacrifice. Heaven set it up as a sacrifice to hand over the Indochina Peninsula to the communist world, to hand over Cambodia to the communist world, while holding onto Korea. 

As a result, the United States has made a mess of itself. If it abandons Korea, the United States will have no place to go in the world... So it had no choice but to hold onto Korea. Has that happened or not? "That has happened." Korea is an important land. It is also important to God. 

If Korea, Japan, and the United States become one, they can do global work. So what has the Unification Church been doing all this time? If the Lord must come to Korea, what has the Unification Church been doing all this time? Because of the nation of Israel, Christianity has become spiritual Christianity, so it must lay the foundation to find a physical nation. If it cannot do that, it concludes that it cannot welcome a spiritual Christian nation. Who should grant independence? The independence of Korea must be granted by the United States. 

Why? Because the archangel made a mistake and lost Adam and Eve, the United States, which is in the position of the archangel, must find and return the Eve nation, Japan, and the Adam nation, Korea, back to God's side. It is the same. Therefore, the teacher believes that if Korea, Japan, and the United States become one, it will be as if Adam, Eve, and the archangel are united, and the world will not perish. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

That is why the teacher has been receiving the same persecution that Jesus received until now in Korea... The established church is like Judaism, trying to kill him. However, after fighting and fighting, it has ultimately developed into today's Unification Church, which can influence Korea spiritually and physically. 

So spiritually reborn, grown, and completed... Because a position that can surpass the national standard has been created in Korea based on spiritual standards, it must connect the world to a global spiritual Christian nation centered on spiritual standards. That is why the teacher came to the United States in 1972 to create a global foundation and connect spiritual standards. When the nation of Israel started in Rome, there was no spiritual standard. Christianity initially had no spiritual standard either. It restored that. 

So, having restored that standard, the teacher's operation in the United States for three years was to unite around the spiritual standard of Christianity. Ultimately, during these three years, the United States welcomed Reverend Moon. It achieved great success. Because of this standard, it connects the national standard of Asia with the spiritual standard and connects victorious conditions before the global standard of Christianity. Then what do we bring to the Asian continent? We bring the people along with the spiritual standard. That was the history of this year, bringing the international mobile force to Japan and Korea. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

The United States has retreated from Asia, and the democratic world has retreated from Asia, but it will advance again and create a standard of unity with Asia centered on spirit and body. As a result, until now, many spirits of Christianity in Western society can go to Asia, and many good spirits of Asia can unite. 

The standard that the United States could not take responsibility for cannot work. It is impossible in a place where the United States could not take responsibility. However, because it connects with a new meaning that can be connected from Asian countries to the world, it becomes possible. It is conditionally possible. At the same time, it becomes one spiritually and physically. That is why the territory of Korea is completely Christian... No matter how much Western Christianity opposes it, I will not be defeated. It is completely a one-way street. 

(Recording briefly cuts out) It is opposition. Two thousand years ago, the government and the people of Israel united to kill Jesus, but this time, the government and the Korean people united to oppose the established church. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Because we must stand in a position to move the nation, such events must be connected to the global foundation, so we brought representatives from 60 countries to hold a conference in Yeouido. That is a global new declaration ceremony. Thus, a foundation has been laid that cannot be destroyed. Therefore, this is not just a Korean event but a global event. During this period, the largest number of people, 1.2 million, gathered and praised God, breaking the records of history. That is the declaration ceremony of the unified world. It is recorded even in the U.S. Congress. 

Who did this? The United States, Japan, and Korea united to do it. And so, a miracle was achieved. When the people unite, they can do global work. Therefore, if the American people, the Japanese people, and the Korean people unite, it concludes that they can move the world and still have more left over. Isn't that right? "Yes." So, because we stand in a position to hold the spiritual and physical foundation, we must put that victorious foundation back into the global spiritual foundation. You must understand that. 

The Unification Church is where God is trying to take responsibility for His biggest headache. Korea, from a national standard... The United States is the spiritual world foundation, so this three-year course is to attach the physical world foundation to this spiritual world foundation. That is the three-year period in the United States. When the United States becomes one, the world will completely revive. Even if the Communist Party is strong, it will decline. Do you understand? 

That is why, after 1945, right after World War II, it was supposed to dominate the world, but because the United States made a mistake, the teacher has spent 30 years. Adding three years to this, until 1978... You must understand that this is the same time as when Jesus completed His mission at the age of 33. The global responsibility... Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." This all fits mathematically. (While writing) That is why it is centered around the 200 years of the United States. 

And if you look at the Communist Party, it corresponds to 60 years. This has taken 7 or 8 years. The Communist Party has been in existence for 60 years, in 1977, 1978... 60, 61, 62 years... That must come down with the responsibility of the democratic world. If we take responsibility, it will come down. Why? Because Satan is number 6. If we take responsibility for three years, will it come down or not? "It will come down." 

At this time, how old is Kim Il-sung? He is 66 years old. That is the age of Satan's rebirth, growth, and completion. Therefore, if you look at the side of Satan, Kim Il-sung is like a Jesus of Satan. That is why they call Kim Il-sung "father." In the south, they call Reverend Moon "father." (Applause) This is a fight. If we follow God's will, the True Father remains; if we do not, the False Father remains. Is that strange? It is a decisive turning point in the conclusion of providence. Kim Il-sung was 7 years ahead of the teacher. 

When you see this, you will understand what kind of country Korea is. Hmm, Korea is like that... What is in Korea? There is Panmunjom. What is Panmunjom? It is the place where Satan and God accuse each other. The place where the spiritual world of God and Satan accuses each other has been realized in substance at Panmunjom. It is the place of accusation. The spiritual has manifested in substance. Is that right or not? "That's right." So is it a place where God's will is present or absent? "It is present." 

When our Unification Church subdues Kim Il-sung, Germany will automatically welcome the Unification Church. Isn't that right? "Yes." If that happens, the whole world will support the Unification Church. At that time, the preparation to gather scholars is the current scientists' conference. Do you understand? "Yes." Should we do this or not? "We should do it." No matter how much money it takes? "Yes." 

There is no one but the Unification Church. What is God's biggest headache? Where is the organization that can save the failing Christianity? Where is the organization that can push back the communist world? Where is the organization that can prevent the collapse of ideology? These three are God's headaches. That is what the teacher is doing. With the principles of the Unification Church, can we create one Christianity? Can we save it? "Yes." We are victorious in our ideals... The Communist Party is now theoretically running away from us, right? We have a new philosophical thought, and that is the Unification Thought. 

When you see that, would God need Reverend Moon? "Yes." If Reverend Moon is the guard champion, is it worth listening to him? "Yes." Then he will rise globally. He will rise in religion, politics, and all fields. Do you want to try? "Yes." 

Serve with all your life the will of God to entrust the world to you. 

Now, since the United States has not taken responsibility, where will God's will be transferred? If a religion emerges in Asia that is centered on God's will and has the intention to save all humanity, that religion will be able to inherit God's will again. It transcends nations. It is not a nation. Does our Unification Church have a nation? "No." Where is our nation? It is the world, the world. 

So what are we? We are like the independence army. Just like the American independence army fought against England, thinking they would lose but winning, we are fighting against the world. In this fight, all humanity is mobilized. Everyone who has believed and not believed until now will come into the Unification Church and participate. Isn't that right? "Yes." Black people? "Yes." White people? "Yes." Indians? "Yes." 

So what are we trying to find? "The world." So what are we trying to do? We are trying to possess it.
is not to be loved, but rather to be overcome. 

So, if God is to be the center of love, then the existence of Satan as an enemy of love must be eradicated. The conclusion is that Satan is the enemy that disrupts God's love. 

In this context, if we consider the existence of Satan, it cannot arise in a place where God's love is present and where Adam and Eve can rejoice. It can only emerge in a place of sorrow, where unwanted love manifests. 

Therefore, Satan can only appear when God is in a state of sadness. This leads us to understand that the ancestors of humanity have become the cause of standing in a place of sorrow before God, rather than a place of joy. 

When you think about it, can a person become an enemy simply because they took a piece of clothing I wore? Consider this: if there is an enemy of God, what sin or wrongdoing must they have committed to become an enemy of God? If there is an enemy before God, it cannot be anything trivial. God can create all things, including humans. However, if something that God values and cherishes is destroyed, that entity becomes an irredeemable enemy of God. 

So, what is it that God seeks? It is love. Can God say, "I am God, so I possess love"? Can men and women say they have love? They can say it, but when they are alone, they cannot truly feel it. No matter how much one claims to have love, it does not manifest when alone. This means that even if God possesses love, He cannot express it alone. 

In this light, love requires a counterpart. Among all creation, only humans can fulfill this role, specifically Adam and Eve. 

God created humans to find love, to possess love. Today, many in established churches do not understand this. They think of God as always holy and in control of everything, omnipotent. 

Therefore, if there is something that disrupts what God needs and seeks, it leads to the conclusion that there can be no greater enemy than that. 

So, what exactly is Satan? What kind of enemy is Satan? The only condition under which one can hate and remain an enemy for eternity is as an enemy of love. This is the most logically sound conclusion. 

In this context, which argument holds more validity: the one that claims humanity fell by eating the forbidden fruit, or the one that states that love was taken away, making Satan an enemy? 

Thus, Satan is indeed the enemy that disrupts God's love. This is undeniable. Jesus is love, and He taught us to love even our enemies. If Jesus, the Son, must love his enemies, then God, the Father, must love even Satan. 

So why can't Satan be forgiven and allowed into heaven? This creates a contradiction. Why can sinful humans be brought to heaven, but not Satan? This is the essence of God's love. 

The command to love one's enemies is not about loving Satan; it is about overcoming him.
You need to understand that it is not a message to love, but a message to love those who are on the side of Satan, the enemy. It means to love those who are aligned with Satan. That is why Jesus also hates Satan. Do you understand? "Yes." This is how the theoretical system is established, the theoretical system.

Only after finding complete love can I find my own. So, what is the fall of Adam and Eve? Because they fell, God's love could not begin in the human world. It means that we could not see the start of Adam and Eve's happy marriage centered on God's true love. Therefore, ultimately, they were supposed to become God's sons and daughters, but they became the sons and daughters of Satan, and humans, who were to become the body of God, ended up becoming the body of Satan. We understand that this is what the fall is.

If humans had become the temple of God, what would have happened? Originally, we humans were not born for ourselves, but for God and for the center of this universe. Then, when did the concept of 'I' arise? Today, when exactly was the 'I' discovered? Was there a consciousness that I was born for myself? The motivation for my birth was not from me, but from some master. Can you think of yourself as 'I' without considering the will of that subject? 

If you ask God, "God! Why did you create me?" God would answer, "Ah, you were created for your father, for God." He would not say, "I created you for you." Is that a legitimate answer? 

Now, if you ask, "What comes next?" God would not say, "I created you because of you." He would say, "I created you because of this world." Right? "Yes." Surely, God would answer like that. This is the principle. This is the principle.

Therefore, I was born for God and for this world and universe. Now, let's see whether that is something to be sad about or something to be happy about. If you do that, you can create and occupy your own. Why? Because love is established, because love is formed.

Now, when you get married as a bride and groom, what do you look for? Do you look for a husband who gives for you, or do you look for a husband who says, "Do for me, do for me"? Or do you look for a wife? "I will look for a husband or wife who gives for me." You all know this. Humans were born like this. It is natural to say that we were born for God and for humanity and for this universe.

After being for God and for humanity, God becomes mine, and humanity becomes mine. We become one. Since we are one in love, that love is yours and mine, and mine and yours. Therefore, the way for humans today to find their own is… They did not know that by finding love, their own would come into being. You can assert yourself only after finding love… Do you understand? "Yes." Before that, there is nothing that belongs to me. I do not exist! I do not exist! I cannot exist. The conclusion is that on the day I exist, I cannot find complete love. If I exist, I cannot find complete love. Is that point clearly understood? "Yes." 

So is that bad or good? There is nothing better than this. There is nothing better than this. By finding the most precious thing in the universe, I can also become the cosmic center. Can that happen? "Yes." When I go, God follows, and the universe comes and goes after me. When I am happy, God is happy, and when I am happy, the universe is happy. Only then can humans stand on a standard where they can care for me.

That is why you can only enter heaven with love, and only by centering on love can you find your absolute value as a human before God, before the absolute subject, and enter heaven. Do you understand? "Yes." This is the foundation of the universe, the foundation of the universe.

Those who care for others develop. Compared to that, how fake are you today? Where did this assertion of 'I' come from before I was born? We need to know the origin of this. Where is the origin of asserting 'I'? It arose because of the fall. If this is private, then God is public. Those who care for others develop, and those who are self-centered and proud will perish. This is how it is. Everything divides into two.

Based on this formal principle, when individuals do not meet this standard, they go to hell, and when they pass this standard, they go to heaven. The same goes for families, tribes, nations, and the world. It is simple.

So where is heaven? Heaven is where people who have the mindset of wanting to serve God and the world live. Naturally, God's love will dwell there. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Then where is hell? Hell is where those who say, "I am God instead of God. Humanity is unnecessary. Humanity exists because of me," live. Therefore, it has nothing to do with God's love. They are enemies, enemies. Satan originally fell from being the archangel, a servant of God, because he set himself up to act like God, and Eve also fell because she thought she could become like God after her eyes were opened.

From this perspective, we can immediately assess whether one is a citizen of heaven or a citizen of hell through this principle. Those who are here can now know whether they are going to hell or heaven. Now, raise your hands if you know. You all know. That is how it gets organized. It gets completely organized.

So, are the members of the Unification Church going to heaven or hell? "They are going to heaven." Just knowing is not enough. You have to act, you have to act. Just as there is a ground when there is a sky, if the sky is thought, the ground is action. There must be substance. Those who say, "I am definitely like that," raise your hands. Excellent.

Then today, we can clearly divide the true religions from the false religions, the true nations from the false nations, the nations that will perish from the nations that will prosper. Those who are within this principled formula will never perish! They will never perish! They will eternally develop. So, is the Unification Church a true religion or a false religion? "It is a true religion." No! "It is a true religion." No! "It is a true religion." (Laughter) What do you see? How can you know? First, it is about believing in God absolutely. It is for God. Then it is for the universe and humanity. When you come to love this, then "The Unification Church is our church" arises. Only then does the Unification Church, our church, come into being. Do you understand? "Yes." When you cannot do that, there is no Unification Church or anything else. (Applause) You must understand that this is the undeniable principle, the undeniable principle of the universe. It is the constitution of the universe established by God, the constitution. Can you change that constitution? Can God change it? "No."

Therefore, no matter how much the world opposes it, the conclusion is that the Unification Church will not perish. Why will it not perish? If the Unification Church perishes, it will lose God's love. Is that right? "Yes." If the Unification Church perishes, the love of the universe will disappear. The love for humanity will disappear. The love for humanity will disappear. The thing that God fears the most is… God fears the disappearance of such organizations, such people, and because the entire universe fears that, it concludes that God cannot create such a world. Therefore, we will not perish. Is that a theoretical truth or not? "It is true."

God is looking for such individuals, such families, such tribes, and such nations. Therefore, if the Unification Church is heading toward such a nation, it will absolutely not perish. (Applause) The path we are taking is only development… It is not narrowing as we go, but it is widening as we go. The more we move, the larger it becomes. When all our senses are active, we develop and prosper that much faster. (Applause) Therefore, you should be active day and night, 24 hours, from the moment you are born until you grow old and die. Do you like that? "Yes." Good, do it. (Laughter)

Therefore, the Unification Church, which was thought to disappear if opposed, actually grows larger the more it is opposed. (Applause) Here in Tarrytown, in Barrytown, in New York, day and night, people say, "Let it perish. Let it perish. Oh! It would be great if those things disappeared." (Laughter, Applause) But let’s not worry. We should worry about whether I can live like this, not about worrying about perishing.

Thinking about the fact that by loving God and loving humanity, God can love me and humanity can love me, a dignified march toward a higher dimension of life begins. This is something that the entire universe reflects on at all times. Amen? "Amen!" (Applause)

I must become public to celebrate the public day. 

Let’s stop now. "No." We need to have breakfast. "We don’t need to eat." (Laughter) This is what it means to be crazy. (Laughter)

Now, the opposite of this is hell. It is destruction. Even if you tell it not to perish, it will perish. Such people will perish even without asking for it. Look. This is how the teacher thinks. "Hmm! Let’s see who remains. No matter how big NBC is, in the not-so-distant future, you will be consumed by us. No matter who opposes, even if the New York Times opposes, I will become greater than the New York Times." This is how I think. (Applause)

Now, even though you are condemned by the American people and your parents, just wait and see. Think about the Unification Church in about five years, think about the Unification Church in about ten years. (Applause) Here, you should think, "We work for God and for humanity!" This is truly wonderful. Compared to that, what was it like when I worked in the past? "I, my wife, our kids…" This is how it was. How much… (Laughter)

Now, looking at the principles that Reverend Moon advocates, is this a religion that will perish, a religion that will go to hell? What is it? "It is a religion that will not perish." What has no life will disappear in winter, but what has life will, because of winter, shed its skin and become the motivation to sprout new life.

So now, having become a member of the Unification Church… If Reverend Moon's words are correct, should we consider it an honor to be a member of the Unification Church or a despair? "We should consider it an honor." How much? (Applause) Today, this statement is to say that in celebrating this day, you must become a valuable existence to qualify to celebrate God's Day, Parents' Day, and Children's Day.

This Children's Day is a public day recognized by God and acknowledged by humanity and the universe. Therefore, to celebrate this public day, you must discover the public self. Since this day is publicly recognized by God, humanity, and all of creation, the one celebrating must be public.

Now, you must know that I am such a public person. Is that true? "Yes." If so, celebrating this day is indeed praising the day remembered by God and representing the day praised by humanity. I can declare here that this gathering is a representative assembly. When you think like that, how holy this place is.

How much difference is there between hearing the teacher's words before and after? It is a world of difference.

Now, let’s talk about the essence of Children's Day. If God's love and humanity's love come out, God's Day, Parents' Day, Children's Day, and All Things Day would all occur at once. However, because this did not come about, and because everything was lost due to the fall, God has been conducting the history of salvation and restoration through the ages to find this.

So, what kind of person is the ultimate goal? It is to create such a person, a person like the one just mentioned. Ultimately, we want to return to the world of God's love where there was no fall. Because after the fall, Satan has built a fence and is ruling over individuals, families, tribes, nations, and the world like a fortress, it is truly impossible for those people to return.

Therefore, we must understand that in any era, individuals have never been enemies of God, families have never been enemies of God, tribes have never been enemies of God, and nations and the world have never been enemies of God. Why? Because this is the world of Satan. If God's love appears here, this world of Satan will perish, so Satan actively opposes this.

When an individual tries to go to heaven, who is the enemy? It is the family members, the closest people. That is why the Bible also claims that your family members are enemies. What does that mean? It means that to go, you must overcome your family, and you cannot go without overcoming your family, so you must go beyond your family, which means you are taking a path of opposition. That is why you cannot help but stand in the position of an enemy because you are receiving opposition. Is that right? "Yes."

Now, when the young men and women of the Unification Church try to come out, everyone says they want to go to heaven, so who is the enemy? It is the mom and dad, the most beloved mom and dad who become the greatest enemies. Is that so? "Yes." However, knowing that opposition is scary, oh… Such people will never find the way to go from the individual to the family and to the kingdom of God.

Next, when the family tries to go, who becomes the enemy? Relatives become the enemies. Grandparents, maternal grandparents, and people from both neighborhoods oppose. "You little rascal! If you believe in the Unification Church, if you go to that church, the whole family will perish. It will perish." They say that.

Those who go to heaven must pack a bag for a journey, a refugee bag. They must carry their belongings. History has shown that it is the wanderers, the people who are chased and driven away, who have ruled and revolted. Christianity is also an evolved form of a gypsy group. Is that right? "Yes." Do you like gypsies? "Yes." Do you like refugees? "Yes." When opposed here, they go there, and when opposed there, they come here… (Laughter) Like clouds, when the west wind blows, they go east, and when the east wind blows, they go west… There is no place to settle.

Therefore, if there is a hole through which one can go, one must go. If a tribe stands on the side of heaven, when that tribe tries to go, then the nation will oppose. "You little rascal…" Would they oppose?
"Are you not going to do it? 'I oppose it.' After a single nation is established, then the sovereign nation becomes the enemy. What comes next? If we occupy the nation, then the world becomes the enemy. If we have made the whole world on our side, then the spiritual realm becomes the problem. The evil spiritual realm is the issue. At that time, all of humanity, the living and those who have lived and died around the world, will be in conflict. It is a spiritual and physical battle. That is the path we must break through. It is the way to break through Satan.

Now, to break through that, is it enough for just one person to break through? We must expand that to break through families, nations, and when the nation passes through, we must make it so there is no opposition. We must create a path that cannot be opposed even if the nation goes to the heavenly nation. God cannot help but hope that humans will break through this path to bring people from the world of Satan to the heavenly nation.

And following God's will is religion, so if there is a true religion, it cannot help but want to open this up globally. Therefore, the entire world is already absorbed into the four major religious cultural spheres. We must understand this. Any nation that opposes religion in any era is bound to perish. We must understand that. This applies equally to individuals, organizations, nations, and the world.

The Unification Church is a movement to unite humanity centered on God. So, what will happen to the Communist Party? Will it perish or thrive? 'It will perish.' The conclusion is that if there are no better sons and daughters of God than the Communist Party, the Communist Party will remain forever. However, if the world unites even more than the Communist Party and stands in the position of heaven, the Communist Party will automatically break apart.

Why is that? Why? If God were to strike the Communist Party without such an organization, what would be lost in the future would be forever gone. Therefore, we think we must leave some enemies behind. 

So today, representing the world's religions, if a true religion centered on God emerges that can unite all of humanity better than the Communist Party, then God will carry out the movement to crush the Communist Party. When God looks at the real and the fake, He is on the side of the real. Right? 'Yes.' If there is no real, we must use the fake as a substitute. Do you understand what I mean? 'Yes.' What that means is that when the democratic world cannot take responsibility, it will strike through the Communist Party. It will hit like, 'Hey! You!' It will create a game of becoming one. 

That is why God hopes that the religious people in the global Christian realm will unite and explode this movement: 'Can the sons and daughters of God lose to the sons and daughters of Satan? They must win.' This is the representative organization that hopes to go forward, the Unification Church. (Applause) Now, we Unification Church members, even if we are women, are more dedicated to God and humanity than Communist Party members are to the Communist Party. (Applause) Right? 'Yes.' I cannot believe it. How can I believe it? You will know when you have a fight, a fight. 'Alright.' Is that good? (Laughter)

What that means is that even if we put forth Unification Church women, the world Communist forces... the Soviet army, the Chinese army, or the North Korean army, if we put forth the Unification Church women's army, we can sweep them away without any problem. Am I right? Is that correct? 'Yes, it is.' Can we do it? 'Yes.' We must make a resolution. In reality, it must be so... Then what will the men do? (Laughter)

So why does the Communist Party hate Reverend Moon the most? Because the Communist Party knows. They know that if this organization exists, it will be a big problem. Mao Zedong, Brezhnev, Kim Il-sung, they all know this. If we can overcome the Communist world, where can the Unification Church be defeated? God is on our side, and humanity is on our side, so who, who? Even if we run away, God will follow us, and the world will follow us, saying, 'Let’s live together. Let’s live together.' If Reverend Moon says he will go to another country instead of being in America, the American people will say, 'Oh, Reverend Moon! Don’t go. Don’t go.' (Applause) What is happening now? 'Phew - Reverend Moon…', the FBI and CIA of America are saying, 'Oh my...' (Laughter) Moreover, the white people living in America are saying, 'Who is Reverend Moon? We have been weaving a framework for about 400 years, and suddenly this yellow-skinned person comes and takes all the young people and disrupts this country... What is this?' They are upset. (Laughter) That is a misunderstanding.

I am not the enemy of America. I am not the enemy of white people. Why would I be an enemy? I am not the enemy of the Jews, but the Jews are making me their enemy, and I am not the enemy of Americans or white people, but they are making me their enemy. They are creating that. They are making Reverend Moon able to be opposed by the Jews, and they are making Reverend Moon able to be opposed by white people. You must understand that. I am quietly sitting here, without any sin, and even if I am hit once, I remain quiet, and if I am hit twice, I remain quiet, and if I am hit three times, I remain quiet. But when they try to hit me a fourth time, I must oppose it; this cannot happen. (Applause) That is how it is. Isn’t it the same in the world? If you hit an innocent person, all the people around will be filled with righteous indignation and will strike back. When you endure more than three times and then retaliate, God also says, 'Strike.' (Applause)

Look. If Reverend Moon commands, 'Strike,' then this one person can handle ten thousand or a hundred thousand. You must understand that. If I give an order, I can do anything. The Communist Party is not the problem. Right? 'Yes.' You must understand that well. But we endure quietly.

Now, look. For someone who has the record of being the world champion in a wrestling competition, it is nothing. Sitting in the corner, after everyone has fought, when I go out and strike them all down, that is when... (Applause)

We have a responsibility to turn humanity back to God's will. Look. If Reverend Moon were to give a microphone to the 220 million people in America for just three days, I could turn more than half of them to my side. (Applause) Do you think that is possible? It is not blind faith; it is not blind faith. It is theoretically valid. It is in accordance with theory. Even if there are ten million people here, you must know that we have the ability to encourage and incite ten million people. Can we do that? 'Yes.' So do not think of it casually.

If Reverend Moon says here in America, 'Unification Church youth from 120 countries around the world, gather in New York,' they will do anything to gather. No matter what... Even if they are all caught by immigration, will they gather? 'Yes.' Even if they are caught, they will come. If there is no place to accommodate them, and if the doors are opened, they will not enter, and then they will act. (Applause) That is why the problem is significant. You must understand that the problem is significant.

Now, ten years from now, there will be tens of thousands of people trying to enter here in Belvedere. Right now, the police are saying something about the Unification Church, traffic disruptions, and so on, but the time will come when they will say, 'Welcome. Welcome. It’s okay to disrupt traffic.' Will that happen or not? 'It will happen.' (Applause) Why? Why? You must understand that at that time, the police chief of New York will come. You must understand that the governor of New York will come. Do you think that will happen? 'I think it will happen.' If they do not come, I will make them come. (Applause) Therefore, do not look at it lightly. Without knowing, just...

Now, is Reverend Moon saying useless things here today? Even if I speak to the 4 billion people of the world, they will support me, saying, 'Reverend Moon is right,' rather than opposing me. Right? 'Yes.' So we must unite. No one can divide us.

Now, we know that this free world and the Communist world are unreasonable worlds according to the principles of heaven that we understand, so we cannot just tolerate this. We must correct this. Can we do it? 'Yes.' Let’s see a show of hands from those who can do it. Good. Thank you.

That is why we must take pride in being members of the Unification Church. If the President of the United States cannot do this, I will not overlook it. If a senator cannot do this, I will not overlook it. I will educate them. I will educate the people who lead this country.

If America becomes a nation for God and for all of humanity, America will not perish. However, if it continues in the state I know now, it will perish, it will perish. America cannot survive apart from the world. America cannot survive apart from God. We must understand that the blessing of this country is for the world and for God. That is why we are different.

Now, if the patriots and historical figures who founded America are in the spiritual realm, ask them whether Reverend Moon and the claims of the Unification Church are correct, or whether what the American Congress or the President is doing is right. Do you understand? 'Yes.' Therefore, we are for America and for all of humanity... If we save America, we can save all of humanity very quickly, which is why we are focusing our activities here. This is because it is more for humanity and for God that we are doing this work. We have the responsibility to expel Communism from this world and to turn humanity that does not know God's will back to God's will. That is what we must do.

God's will is to save humanity. 

So after turning humanity back to God, the Unification Church will disappear. At that time, it will be one nation, one nation. There will be no religion. There will be no lord. It will be centered on Godism, the ideal Adam and Eve who have not fallen. Culture will be the nation. We are already a group that has declared we will advance toward that world. Can we retreat in the middle? 'No.' That is why I have come to America.

We must clearly understand that the Unification Church is the true religion, the global religion that can remove all the problems that hinder the path God is taking. We established the nation of Israel to open this path, but it failed. We established Judaism, but it failed. Now, to take on this responsibility, we established Christianity to lay the foundation for the entire world, but despite having opened all the doors, they are now closing them... We must understand that Christianity is facing a bad omen of failure. Christianity is failing. That is why the Unification Church has emerged as the third option.

Therefore, we must be stronger than Judaism, stronger than Christianity, and stronger than the Communist Party. Judaism could not transcend Judaism. Christianity could not transcend Christianity itself. When the Lord comes, He will not burn the world in judgment... No! No! They do not understand that He has come to save the world. The will of God and the will of Jesus can destroy Christianity, but if it can save the world, then that is what will happen.

The same logic applies to the Unification Church. Even if it means destroying the Unification Church or Reverend Moon, let us liberate humanity; that is God's will. We have the mindset that we love God and the world more than we love America. As much as we love the Unification Church, we must love God and humanity. This is the true path. It is not that we should not love America and should love the Unification Church instead. We must love humanity. This will remain in history. Those who oppose this are not human. Even if they are American citizens, they will perish.

That is why I asked the White House and the congressmen, 'Can you sacrifice America and even yourselves for the world and for God?' If they cannot do that, America will perish. It will decline. I have met with former President Nixon and all the famous senators to understand what kind of America it is... And I concluded that America has no hope. It has not become the America that God looks upon and that humanity desires. That is why the Unification Church is needed. That is why the Unification Church is necessary. Do you understand what I mean? 'Yes.' 

Becoming a Unification Church member means becoming a young American who is not dying but reviving, a young American who is not heading toward destruction but giving hope. Be a Unification Church member. Is that right, everyone? 'Yes.' Do not be trivial. Do not be trivial.

That is why even if I am selling flowers and campaigning, I am dignified. I am doing it for America. We cannot do it because we have no foundation. We are doing this to save America and for the future of America, to save the world. If we establish a foundation, we will not have to do such things. Since there is no other way, we must grit our teeth and do it. We must grit our teeth and do it. We need money. We need money.

The money of this world of Satan is filled to the brim, but there is no money to use for heaven. You must consider it an honor to prepare that with your own hands. We must do this work with pride greater than that of the patriots of old America, whose statues were erected in parks. We need money, so we must earn money, and we need people, so we must gather people. You who are well-fed and comfortably sleeping, if you want to criticize, criticize, and if you want to oppose, oppose. That is fine. You are living well by taking advantage of America, but we are struggling so hard that we cannot even sleep to save America! From that perspective, we know what we need.

The battle has begun, but will we lose in this battle? Will we lose? 'We will win.' There is no time. Reverend Moon has no time. We need time. We need people. We need money. If I were to care for myself, I would have a house to rest in, money to eat, and people to take care of... Why? Because I am busy saving a great nation. You must understand that saving a great nation requires a lot of money and many young people. Will you earn it? 'Yes.' The time is busy, the time is.

The third seven-year course must be taken responsibility for by the young people of the Unification Church in America.

In that sense, this Children's Day is the first Children's Day marking the beginning of the third seven-year course. You must understand that in the first and second seven-year courses, there were blood and tears of struggle. Therefore, the third seven-year course must be taken responsibility for by you, the young people of the Unification Church in America. Since America, centered on the Christian cultural realm of the Second Israel, is collapsing because it cannot take responsibility, you are in the middle of the process of developing this into the third seven-year course. You must understand that if you do not lay a foundation during this three-year period, it will be difficult to fulfill your responsibilities. Now, can you do it? 'Yes.' 

Now, at the Madison Square Garden event, at Yankee Stadium and the Washington Monument..."
We must advance as a competition. Why do we need to do this here? The history of America is such that if we focus on the East and lay the groundwork, the West and the entire nation will automatically unfold. That’s why we need to push here. Are we going to do that or not? "We will." Then will we do it successfully, or will we do it halfway, or in a trivial manner? "We will do it successfully." 

Now, when we return, we must resolve to do several times more than what we have done so far. ‘We have worked ourselves to death until now... Oh! I thought I would hear good words from the teacher on Children’s Day, but it seems like I’m being told to work even harder. I thought there would be good gifts because it’s Children’s Day, but what is this?’ You might think like this. (Laughter) We should be more joyful about receiving the blessings of future happiness and the world than just being handed a lump of gold. We must understand that giving the nation and the world is a greater thing. Do you welcome that? "Yes." So, do you have the confidence to multiply that by several tens and move forward? Really? "Yes."

Now is the time when Satan can be accused before God. 

To talk about the time leading up to Children’s Day is quite lengthy. We must resolve all historical failures. For this Children’s Day to come about, parents must emerge, parents. For parents to emerge, since they have been divided spiritually and physically, they must go through a process of spiritual and physical resurrection. 

Due to the fall, humanity has been led by Satan and has always been in a position where Satan can accuse before God. However, in the restoration era, a person must emerge who can lead Satan and always be in a position to accuse Satan before God. 

Now, do you think the Satan who has been accusing God for 6,000 years will be easy to deal with? The term 6,000 years refers to the history of human culture. Our Unification Church must capture Satan and accuse him. To do that, we must understand the constitution of the heavenly kingdom, the constitution of the heavenly kingdom. Today, we have understood that great purpose. We can tell at a glance whether this is on Satan’s side or on Heaven’s side. Do you know? "Yes." Good, who did you learn that from? "I learned it from the teacher." You learned it from the teacher.

Therefore, if I can accuse Satan, you can also stand in a position to accuse. Instead of the fallen Adam and Eve, a representative must emerge on this earth who can now accuse Satan before Heaven. If we say, ‘Satan, you must be accused,’ we must create a foundation where Satan can completely surrender. 

The teacher stood in that position as a subject, as a parent, in 1960. That’s why from 1960, this world entered a period of confusion, and a historical separation began. Since then, conditions have been established before Heaven to accuse Satan, so you can find conditions to accuse and remove Satan. 

You must know that the day when God’s sons and daughters can accuse Satan before God throughout the world was exactly the beginning of October 1960. Since then, wherever Unification Church members go, it enters an era where they can exercise the authority to accuse Satan on the world stage. That’s why Satan hates the Unification Church the most.

Thus, over the course of 21 years, we must lay a foundation that no nation in the world can ignore. The dispatch of missionaries to 127 locations this year, along with the start of the 3rd 7-year course, is done in that context. During these 21 years, we will see many things that we have never seen in history. What does that mean? Countries that were in dire straits will become problematic nations, and countries that were once considered great will fall. Isn’t that true? Britain was like that, France was like that, Germany was like that, Italy was like that, Japan was like that, and now America is… Isn’t that right? "Yes." History has changed a lot.

And in the future, you must understand. Black people, unite. Why? The person who helped carry Jesus’ cross was Simon of Cyrene, who was black. He was the one who helped carry Jesus’ cross. Do you know that? What does that mean? It means that the time will come when black people can hold the world with strength. Therefore, I believe that black people will occupy many champion positions in the global movement. This is the teacher’s view. Do you see that? "Yes."

That’s why I’m doing something in Washington, creating the ‘D.C. Striders’ (athletic team). Do you understand what that means? "Yes." Additionally, we must learn that while the world is filled with lies, the thought of the Unification Church is something we can trust. When the Messiah who died and resurrected comes, it will become a global issue.

Now, when you have a foundation to accuse Satan, who has been accusing the world, personally, within families, tribally, nationally, and globally, and when there comes a time when Satan cannot remain anywhere, Satan will naturally be expelled from this earth.

If a country can emerge in Europe, one in Africa, one in South America, and one in Asia, then the world will not be a problem of communism. Is communism a problem? Do you think so? "Yes." That’s the movement we are doing now. We must not leave all that is wrong in the world alone. We must accuse it before God.

In that sense, we must stand in the position of judges of justice. Is that right? "Yes." Then how can we do that? If we are for God and humanity, then everything will work out. It’s simple.

Our Unification Church members are like that. My personal work is for the world, our family is for the world, our church is for the world, and if there is a Unification Church nation, that nation is also for the world. What about America now? America exists for America, for America. We must understand that there is no nation on God’s side that is for the world.

Then whose hands will create such a nation? It is created by these hands, by this body. It is made with this head. Therefore, we must understand that we are the founding warriors and independence fighters of the heavenly kingdom. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

You who have gathered here today are standing in a position to commemorate Children’s Day on behalf of the world. Therefore, today must be a celebration where we pledge to unite for the founding of that nation, which can serve the world, humanity, and the heavenly kingdom that God desires. That’s why we must understand that we are independence fighters, independence fighters. In that sense, at this time, let us raise our hands without shame before Heaven and humanity, and before the entire Unification Church, to pledge and resolve this. "Wow!"

Now, I hope that you will be blessed on this day and become those who can lead the world. (Applause) *  
          Selected Words of Rev. Sun Myung Moon <Volume 80>       
               Printed on January 15, 2002
               Published on January 25, 2002
               Editor: Rev. Sun Myung Moon’s Words Compilation Committee
             Publisher: Hwang Seon Jo
             Publishing Company: Seonghwa Publishing Co., Ltd.
               Address: 172-1 Cheongpa-dong 1-ga, Yongsan-gu, Seoul
           Phone Number: 715-3894~6, 701-0110 (Cheongpa Bookstore)
           FAX Number: 701-1991
           Registration Number: No. 3-98
             Registration Date: May 20, 1961