Mr. Moon Sun-myung's Selected Words
82
Compilation Committee of Mr. Moon Sun-myung's Words

Foreword
                   President of the World Peace Unification Family, Hwang Seon-jo

Table of Contents
  Foreword …………………………………………………… 3
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································

1)
The Era of Historical Fruits
Everyone! Because it is so cramped, when I look at this headquarters church, it can be quite unpleasant, right? If it were a bit wider, we could sit comfortably as we please…. It would be nice to sit like in a spacious traditional church, but sitting so close together makes our backs hurt, our heads bump into each other, and our shoulders touch, which is quite a hassle. 
Also, why is it so hot today? I wish it were a bit cooler. (Laughter) I’m sweating too. I thought you were waiting for me…. So I said I would arrive more than an hour late, but I heard that those who came earlier arrived around two o'clock, and I apologize to those who waited a long time. The person sitting in front probably came around two o'clock. “I came at nine o'clock.” However, since I came without having lunch, I might have to run away while talking. I don’t think I’ll have time for dinner either, so I just drank some beef bone soup and came out, and now I’m sweating.
Now is the era of global providence. 
Shall we talk again? Isn’t it enough just to see each other’s faces? Elder Jang is here too. Many young gentlemen have come as well. I think since you’ve seen me, I won’t talk much. Since today is the 30th, tomorrow will be the 31st, and that year was 1970-something, right? “It’s 1976.” I don’t know if the number six in 1976 is good or bad, but it will be the first day of the lunar new year in 1976. 
Then among you, those who are sixty-nine will turn seventy, those who are seventy-nine will turn eighty, and those who are eighty-nine will turn ninety. You will all age one more year. When it comes to crossing over a hill after a few hours, there will be grandfathers and grandmothers saying “Oh my!” but don’t worry about that. I hope next year will be a good year, and I hope heaven blesses you to live longer in this world.
And young people are the same. Since young people have now aged one more year, if they have been here for two years, they will be entering their third year. There is a saying in the Unification Church that if you serve for the sake of the purpose centered on the third year, you will receive blessings, so they might think, “Oh! Now I can also be blessed!” (Laughter)
Now, if I leave today, tomorrow, since this place is a day ahead and the U.S. is a day behind, if I leave here today, I will arrive at six o'clock and two minutes or eight minutes in the morning on the 31st. And even if we hurry to our Belvedere, it will take about an hour to an hour and a half, because we have to unload our luggage and do other things. Also, since it’s morning, if there’s a lot of traffic, we will have to hurry and get there. By nine o'clock, all the leaders from across the country will gather, and perhaps all the active members and pioneering members will also gather, so it will take quite a while.
In our Unification Church, we do not celebrate Christmas on December 25th. Originally, it should be celebrated on January 3rd, but in the U.S., the custom is firmly set on December 25th for Christmas. Therefore, all annual important events are centered around that day. Our young people also, on Christmas Day, according to the annual customs, those in the east fly to the west, and those in the west fly to the east. So I thought the Unification Church would do the same, but to my surprise! Christmas is not December 25th but January 3rd, so the concept of Christmas is quite weak.
However, young people, where are you? Everyone wants to go home, and just seeing the planes flying, whether to the west or east, makes them feel a bit nostalgic for their hometown. So I firmly decided about twenty days ago. We celebrate the 31st as Christmas and the first day of the lunar new year as a joyful day to welcome the new year! I have firmly established that. And on that day, the teacher will also give a special message…. From now on, as we leave 1975 and welcome the new year of 1976, there will be the Yankee Stadium event, so I said I would have to talk about the overall plans, so everyone is quite excited and waiting. It’s unfortunate for you, though. Coming here and leaving after four days is really unfortunate for you.
However, this time is more than just for Korea; it is a global era. I briefly talked about this to the church leaders yesterday, but the time is such. It is the time of providence. Until now, we have been responsible for a national era centered on Korea, but now is the time to connect all the purposes achieved at the national level to the Western civilization and transition to a global era. This year, which is the second year, is the time of maturity. If Adam is the time of revival, Jesus is the time of maturity.
Now, it must be done in the U.S., the center of Christian civilization in the world. This year was done in Korea, but it was not just in Korea; it was done in the East. This three-phase seven-year course is the time of global providence, so although it was done in Korea, it represents the East.
It was done representing the whole world and the East, but how was it done? By bringing all the young people from Western society here and making a big splash. “Day of Hope” and so on…. The established churches opposed fiercely, but 17 denominations gathered and fought against the Unification Church, tightening their belts, saying they could not lose, but in the end, they slipped beautifully. (Laughter) That’s how it happened. Such things cannot be accomplished by human power.
The current era is a time of contradictory fruits due to the contradictions that have been sown globally.
So what has happened due to our fall until now? Everything has been divided. Heaven and earth have been divided, east and west have been divided, and people's hearts have been divided; everything has been divided. Families have also split into two factions, the mother’s faction and the father’s faction. Neighborhoods have also become factions of who’s who, and everything has become factional. If that were just to remain still, it would be fine, but to seize the initiative, they have been clashing and fighting since the fall until now. Such seeds have been sown.
Because the subject and object have been divided, left and right have been divided, and up and down have been divided, the historical origin of these contradictions has been sown, and now is the time to reap it. The harvest time has come. Because it is the harvest season, it is certain that we will reap. Centered on Cain and Abel, the ancestors of humanity…. The conflict began from the time of Cain and Abel. The elder brother kills the younger brother…. Because of this, the origin of such contradictory conflicts was sown, where parents could strike the elder brother. It has grown as it was sown, and the time has come to bear fruit as it was sown.
Although it was sown individually, what was sown individually does not end at the individual level. It connects from the family to the tribe, nation, and state, and the world bears fruit in two ways. Thus, the fruits will appear at the end, where the Cain-like world represents the communist world, and the Abel-like world represents the democratic world.
In history, who struck first? Evil struck good first and started. Therefore, when it is harvested, the evil side will definitely come out and strike the good side globally, and we can predict that this will be the end.
Until now, all civilizations have not walked their own paths but have followed the historical origins sown in humanity, going through a process of flawed and contradictory historical backgrounds. Therefore, we can think that the time has come to bear the results of this contradictory history.
So what is the title of today’s message? It is "The Era of Historical Fruits." (He writes on the board) In order for fruits to come out, they must be sown. The current time is the time of bearing fruits. It is divided into two major factions. The very nature of being divided into two factions cannot be completely united, and as long as we can be interested in it, it does not bear fruit in an ideal way but is divided into contradictory, conflicting, and combative contents. Therefore, even within the democratic world today, it is fragmenting. The communist world itself is also fragmenting.
In the decayed world of humanity, the time is coming to bear undamaged fruits established to bring about a religious world, while at the same time, due to its own internal division, nations are splitting, and not only nations but also the concept of tribes is disappearing, and even families are facing an end-time. This is how it looks. What is this? It is decayed. It is completely decayed. However, the true fruits that have been borne do not decay. No matter what harsh winter comes, they do not succumb to the cold. The vitality within the shell may huddle up in the cold, but the shell endures, and because of the cold, it can burst forth. The cold can be the motivation for life to sprout.
Those with vitality can create such harmony, but these decayed entities emit a foul smell. Individuals emit a smell, families emit a smell, socially there is a smell, nationally there is a smell, and the entire surrounding emits a smell. When such a time comes, we can conclude through reasoning that it is the end time that predicts the need to deal with the decayed fruits.
Therefore, the same goes for the communist world. The International Communist Party came out and said, “If we have this communist theory, we will surely dominate the world! Centered on the Slavic nation of the Soviet Union, the whole world will unite under the banner of the Soviet Union, and all mankind will become one with communism.” They dreamed like this. However, they are divided, divided. Therefore, China and the Soviet Union can never unite forever. Moreover, communism itself has different nationalities, different habits, and has been influenced by all the historical content of fighting and opposing each other in the past, so when we see the contradictory struggles within themselves, we can understand that both are in a decaying era. This is the time we are in.
From this perspective, everything decays. Everything decays. The leaves all fall…. Where is the thought of the Lord? There are only bare branches left. What has borne fruit there is not hopeful fruit that can be eaten, but fruit that emits a smell and cannot be eaten. Therefore, there is a smell from you as individuals, from families, and from all religions. Wrong religions also emit a smell. Such religions will all fall. Religions that are divided into various sects and fight…. This is the time we are in.
Why is that? Because, centered on human greed, the seeds of division and struggle have been sown from the standpoint of betraying the heavenly principles. Therefore, it is inevitable that such fruits will be borne, and the purpose of the religious world to deal with the decayed fruits of humanity is what is called judgment. Who is the owner of the decayed fruits? It is Satan, who violated the heavenly principles. Therefore, the time to clear away all the decayed world of humanity centered on him is the time of great judgment, this is how we see it. Do you understand?  
“Yes.” 
We are now facing such a historical turning point. Now, the question is, what should happen in such an era? We must not become decayed seeds. We must not become decayed fruits. Then where are the undamaged fruits in such an era? This is the problem. God will surely seek them out.
Until now, there have been countless religions, but those countless religions come forth to bear undamaged fruits from a good standpoint. What God has sown has not yet grown to bear fruit. It has not yet borne good fruits even once. To bear these good fruits, the path of growth has been inherited, and the religious realm today has taken on a mission and responsibility in the historical era. Do you understand? It is religion. Religion. Since religions have different national backgrounds, they must absorb all cultural backgrounds and establish religions that can fit those habits and systems, uniting as one world, as one religious world.
In the end-time, religions are also fighting among themselves.
Then, the world will emerge as one world, but it will be divided into two. Religions will also emerge as one religion, but they will be divided into two. In a general sense, they will be divided into pure religions and impure religions. Looking at the world today, Buddhism and Confucianism still exist, but in the end, what will clash? It will be Christianity and Islam. They will clash and fight each other.
Among religions, there must be a religion that strikes first and a religion that matches it. In this end-time, whatever religion comes out next, the religion that strikes it will stand on the side of evil. Islam is always attacking Christianity. Isn’t that so? Christianity also does not know if it should just stay quiet, but it is fighting against it.
Then how will this religious conflict be resolved? What methods can we seek for a solution? This is extremely difficult. Philosophical trends can present a new ideological system centered on new perspectives regarding life issues or world issues, and while they can pull things from the previous field into a new dimension, religion itself does not work that way. It does not know. It starts without knowing, goes through the process without knowing, and ends without knowing, blindly believing. Isn’t that so? If you go to a great pastor of the established church and ask, “Pastor! Why did God allow the fall?” he will say, “Oh, don’t complicate things like that. Just read the Bible and believe. That’s how you will know. First, read the Bible and believe.” This is just closing your eyes and pretending to understand. Therefore, until now, religions have come out without knowing, and they have also come out without knowing about the future. As a result, conflicts have arisen, and they are in a situation where they are about to perish.
Looking at it this way, if the world continues as it is, it is bound to perish, and if religions continue as they are, they are bound to perish. Then, has God led humanity until now, supporting the good side in the struggle between democracy and communism, just to let it all perish like this, to let it all be completely destroyed?
The Unification Church, the one life that grows by rooting itself in a completely decayed board. If that is the case, then the conclusion is that such a God is a cruel God. Therefore, if God exists, God says, how does He speak? He says, "There will be one life that can grow by rooting itself in the midst of decay. This alone is hope. If it can grow by rooting itself in that rotten pile of manure, it will grow in an instant." This is what He would say. If God envisioned such a thing, then it is right.

So, what happens? Although all people are decayed, they have eyes, noses, can speak, and carry their bundles of greed, because of this, a person like that will emerge in such a world and root themselves, absorbing all the essence from the dead bodies of those who have been blessed and lived well until now, and if they grow robustly, people will not stay quiet and will say, "Oh, let's tear it apart, let's tear it apart." This is how a religious organization like that could come into existence. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

In such a chaotic time, when one cannot discern left from right, when heaven and earth, men and women are all in confusion, there will be a group that insists, "God says the world should be like this. Humanity should be like this. You should go this way. Personally and as families, you must go this way." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." I wonder if that group might become the Unification Church. (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean? Even I shout, "Hey!" and religions shout, "Hey!" and mothers and fathers shout, "Hey!" and everyone is in a frenzy.

However, now, no matter how it looks, I say to grow by rooting myself there. It is not about running away from there; it is about growing by rooting myself there. (Laughter) If there is such a religion, then a man who has walked the path of history and now says, "Let's tackle this chaotic world!" is a yellow man, and that person is someone named Moon. (Applause) Why are you clapping like this? (Laughter) This is a contradiction. When Westerners clap, the yellow man will just... This is how it will be. But perhaps because you resemble me, or I resemble you, or maybe it's because our colors are similar... (Laughter)

Now, how much will this tree grow? This tree is rooted as the true seed of God's life, as the correct seed of God's life, so it cannot be pulled out. When it spreads its roots and establishes itself, no matter how much Satan and the devil try to pull it out, they cannot. Isn't it a tree planted by God? The more you touch it, the more it sticks and does not come off. That is why there is a history that sticks to the Unification Church. (Laughter) When you go to the Unification Church, it sticks. I don't know if it's like a sticky rice cake or a taffy, but when you come here and sit down...

You are the same. Why did you all gather here in such a narrow place? Is there going to be rice or bread? "To see Father..." What kind of Father? You came to get scolded. (Laughter) I'm sorry. I was just trying to drink a glass of water. (Laughter) It's hot, and since I had some beef soup, I'm thirsty, what should I do? If I stop talking abruptly, it would be rude, so I just... 

"Father, there is an eighty-eight-year-old grandmother from Cheongju who came here saying that if she could just see you once before she dies, she would have no regrets." This is not the time for Elder Jang to speak. A grandmother who knows that is doing this. There are all kinds of circumstances. What is eighty? It could be someone over ninety or even a hundred years old who can come. (Laughter)

When this tree, which is sown as the seed of life, sprouts and grows, it will be covered in dung and the smell of decay, shaking its head around. Isn't that right? When you go here, you say, "Oh, I don't like this," and when you go there, you say, "Oh, I don't like that," and when you enter the living room, you say, "Oh, I don't like Mom and Dad," and when you go to school, you say, "Oh, I don't like my friends," and when you go in front of the teacher, you spit... (Laughter) There might be a group that can endure such things. If there is a religion with such a history, then that religion may have the potential to carry a new heavenly mission in this world. (Laughter)

What is that? It is the Unification Church, the Unification Church. Is that right? "Yes." Do you know how much Reverend Moon has been scolded? Do you know or not? "We know." You know. People must be honest; today is a holy day. Did you all come to send off the departing guests? Then you should say it's good even if it's bad...

The Unification Church has developed while being scolded and opposed. 

Now, do I look like I'm going to get scolded? "No, you don't." I don't, right? "Yes." Look at me. With a man's physique, I don't lose to anyone, and even in wrestling, I was the champion in high school. There is nothing I can't do. I speak well, I am theoretical, analytical, and I have abilities in every aspect. The reason I am saying this is that I have a foundation to say such things. (Laughter) "Look at that guy! He's bragging about himself. What kind of a madman brags...?" You might think this. Now, I can say, "That's right," because I have reached a point where I can say that. Until now, I haven't said such things.

No matter what it is... Even in sports, if I don't come in first place, I won't participate. (Laughter) Why are you laughing? Why are you laughing? (Laughter) I said something right. That's how it is. Now, look. There is nothing I can't do. 

As a teacher of the Unification Church, what have I gained? Since the day I mentioned the unique term "Unification Church," I have been wearing rags and only receiving direct scolding, and with this... If it were you, you would have already become dried squid. But here I am, still standing without a single bone broken. (Laughter, Applause) That's how it is. 

Throughout my life, from the time of Japanese rule, passing through various countries, even if I couldn't do it, I went through at least three or four countries, and wherever I went, there were always problems. There are always problems. If I enter a neighborhood, there will be problems day and night until my news disappears from that neighborhood. Whether it's a fight or someone getting sick, there are always disturbances. There are always conflicting matters. But that doesn't mean it's bad. For the past 30 years, I have endured hardships, and rather than shrinking, drying up, or becoming miserable, 

If I receive a major opposition, I become more excited and say, "Let's go! Let's go!" That's how the Unification Church has developed while being opposed. Isn't that right? "That's right." Reverend Moon of the Unification Church has developed while being opposed. What about the members of the Unification Church? "It's the same." (Laughter) Is it the same? Is it the same for the rice merchant in the upper village and the rice merchant in the lower village? (Laughter) It's not the same. The rice is different depending on what kind of rice it is. There is sticky rice and non-sticky rice. So why is it the same?

So, what kind of pear are you? Are you a genuine pear? Even if the rice you eat and the rice I eat taste the same, when it comes to liking rice, you and I are different. We are different. Isn't that right? Some people like sweet water, while I dislike it. Some like savory things, some like soju, some like ginseng tea, and some like... what is it? They like Kopi Luwak coffee... They are all different. What do you mean it's the same?

So, have you been scolded as much as I have? Do you speak carelessly without confidence? That's why you're wrong. You have been completely embarrassed among the crowd. Genuine pear, how about it? (Laughter) If you attend Seoul National University, you should know that much, why is that? Is it the same or not? "It's not." You all scolded me, and I got scolded. It's different. Isn't it? You all scolded me, didn't you? Did I get scolded? You little brats, isn't that right?

And those mischievous women... Did these women scold me, or did I get scolded? Why are married women sitting here since two o'clock? (Laughter) Married women, you see. So, I am bound to get scolded. Why are you following the teacher at dawn and enduring all this? What are you doing sitting there like a big cat waiting to meet guests on the mountain ridge at night?

Do you know what a big cat is? It refers to a tiger cub. (Laughter) Whenever I say I'm going to Suwon, they are already there waiting. So when I ask, "Why did you come?" they say, "Oh, I wanted to come. Even if I have to die, I must follow the teacher. I can't help it." This is how it is. So, I have no choice. When I sleep for a night, these women also stay and sleep for a night, and they hear all sorts of mischievous words, and all kinds of nonsense happens. Who gets scolded? Those women... Speak up. 

Since this time is passing, it will soon be the end of the year, so I must resolve my grievances before I go.

Who got scolded? "We did." You little brats scolded me. (Laughter, Applause) Why are you laughing? If I am speaking and I am wrong, you should cover your ears and listen, why is that? That way, you can avoid bad luck. Isn't that right? The first-time visitors here might think that Reverend Moon is very straightforward and lacks manners. In a formal setting, in front of a large crowd, they would say that such words are completely inappropriate in Confucianism. Are we in Confucianism now?

The story of the scolded teacher. 

Our Unification Church is different. If the wives don't listen, they get slapped. I call them little brats. (Laughter) Even if they get hit and are told to run away, they don't go. "Go, you little brats..." Look. At one point, history was happening... I have only slept two hours out of 24 hours for the past seven years. When I sit down, I speak continuously from morning till night. There is that much material to talk about. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

I don't sell empty words, but I have materials. When I speak, it's fun. If I want to make you laugh, I have the ability to do so. Even if there is a pig in a dung heap, I can make it laugh by playing with that pig. So, it becomes fun. I lose track of time, thinking it's nine o'clock, but it becomes one or two o'clock, and since I can't leave because of the curfew, whether I get hit while sitting or lying down, it doesn't matter... (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." I think the same way.

Getting hit once, what's the big deal? Is that all there is to being a man? I think there might be a better man if I follow our teacher. So, what is this... It's a mischievous thing. That's why I chase them away at midnight. But when I chase them out the front door, they are already in the back room, sitting there... (Laughter) So, is this a wrestling match or what? Why are you doing this? I chase them away and lock the door, but after about an hour, when I go to check, they are sitting in the corner of the church like this... (Laughter) When I check what they are doing, it's that woman, that woman. 

So, I have to get scolded. I have seen all sorts of things in the world. Some women come after getting hit, with their cheeks swollen, some come with broken hands, some come all beaten up, some come with shaved heads looking like a pumpkin, and when I throw them out at night, they have nowhere to go, so they come back to where the teacher lives—because they don't want to freeze to death—barefoot, hesitantly climbing over the wall... Think about this. I have gone through all sorts of mischievous things.

So, who got scolded? These women got me scolded. Because of this, wherever the Unification Church goes, wherever I go, it is not dignified. Why is that? As I speak, 30 minutes have already passed. I must handle the business today...

You are the champions and players in scolding the teacher. And I am a player in getting scolded. (Laughter) Among the players, who won? No matter how much you scold me, I remain because I am a better player. (Laughter) Since I have been scolded a lot, I have remained like this. If I had only been scolded a little, I would have already broken down and disappeared. 

Look at the teacher's eyes; do I look like someone who is going to get scolded? 

If I hadn't walked this path in the past, if I thought even one thing was against reason, I would say, "You little brat!" I am someone who does not forgive. I am quick in speech, and my personality is impatient. If children with money in the neighborhood bully the kids from poor families, I do not forgive them. In that regard, I am someone who cannot tolerate. I have not done anything wrong in my dreams.

I am also bold before God. No matter how scary God is, I can stand boldly. But why is it like this? Why is it so difficult? Like a tiger with a broken back, I have spent 30 years in the valley of Cheongpa-dong. I have lived half my life like this. However, because the time has come, now... my back has healed.

Let’s give a grand shout to the world... If I want to do that, I should do it in a big country like America; it doesn't feel right in a country like Korea. I said that in three years in the world’s number one country, America, I would create problems, and I have done that. Did I do it or not? "You did." But then, because I was too strong, too powerful, and too cool, there was another uproar. "How did Reverend Moon create assets worth tens of millions of dollars in just two and a half years? Even bankers can't do that..." They can't do it, so can I dominate the bankers? Even the President of the United States cannot do that. If I had to learn from the President of the United States, could I lead you? I must be better than that. Isn't that right? No senator or anyone can do that. 

Young people, those who have graduated from university, like little minnows, goldfish, just blinking and sipping tea, they are untouchable. They go to church and challenge the pastor with theories, making him unable to respond, and then they escape through the back door. Those little sneaky ones, even when they go to school, they cause problems. Where can they go? Even if they wander around America, there is nowhere to go, but when they hear Reverend Moon has come, they come looking to take advantage. They came to take advantage, but they ended up falling for it. (Laughter)

So, I catch one, catch two, catch three, and the groups start to form... One group forms, two groups form, three groups form, and it becomes unmanageable. So, I bought land and houses... I did this in America. When I give orders to the young ones, no matter how much their eyes bulge and how big and scary they are, if I tell them to wake up at six in the morning, they will wake up. But it's not because they are scared like in the world of thugs or the world of power. They are indeed scared.
What are you afraid of? You're afraid of my words. Of course, it's scary. When I say, "Get up!" you get up. You are made to listen well. Isn't that right? You all listen well, right? "Yes." I can't believe that. Do you listen well? "Yes." (Laughter) I need to test if you really listen well. Should we try to see if you listen well? "Yes." Everyone stands up and lies down on the train tracks with their necks out. Would that be plausible? (Laughter) How cool would that be? And if no one survives, then Mr. Moon would be someone who could unify the world. If that happens, just with that history of the Unification Church, even if thousands of people are bleeding on the tracks, not running away even if their necks get cut off by passing trains, if you gather those who don't run away under one flag, you could conquer the world without fighting. Is that possible? "Yes." Really? "Yes." Should we try it? "Yes." Oh my…. (Laughter) Surely, the teacher is just joking…. (Laughter)

Now, this is strange. Am I your father or your brother? Why would I say that? If that happens, what will come of it, you guys? What will come of it? Nothing will come of it. If nothing will come of it, why would you want to do that, why? So, it’s crazy. (Laughter) No matter how much you study, ordinary people don’t understand. But if you become part of the Unification Church, you will understand.

There’s nothing beyond this, nothing unusual…. If you hold a treasure that others don’t have, it’s all…. (Laughter) That’s possible. If you want to curse, go ahead, if you want to stop, stop. No matter how great you are, when it’s smaller than this, I endure. As long as you don’t take this away from me, I can endure, that’s the way it is. Isn’t that right? "That’s right." Even the 70-year-old Elder Jang is like that? "Yes." How much respect would you get if you believed in mainstream churches? Would you be sitting in a place like this? If you went there, they would say, "Oh, our esteemed Elder has come!" and would have you sit in a nice chair, so why would you come and sit among young people, with the sound of breathing in front and back, your back shaking, your stomach shaking…. Is that still a good feeling? "Yes." You should go back to the mainstream church now. (Laughter) "This place is good." Look at that. That’s why you’re crazy. (Laughter)

The opposition is a stimulating tonic to make me stronger. If I keep talking like this, it will never end. In this rotten world, even if you plant roots and stick them in upside down, they will turn around and come out again. If you stick them in sideways, they will come out again. This is the Unification Church way. Looking at this, Mr. Moon is a tough guy! Do you acknowledge that? "Yes." He’s a tough guy. But if you peel back my skin, I’m just like you. However, I’m a tough person. For 30 years, I’ve been labeled a criminal of the nation and chased, without making excuses, without getting sick, until now…. But I still look young, right? "Yes." If I wrestle, I could probably beat 80% of you here. Even if it comes to a fistfight. So don’t look at Mr. Moon lightly.

This kind of person is being criticized and is like this, huh…. Such opposition does not make me weaker but can be a stimulus to make me stronger. If a country like America opposes me, I will not return to America having drunk the cup of defeat but will appear holding the flag of victory. Therefore, America opposing me gives me a stimulating tonic, that’s how I think.

However, when I make guns, cannons, and atomic bombs, I will go all out in one shot. What’s the point of doing it multiple times? I will practice shooting. I’m good at shooting. When I go hunting, I’m an expert at catching pheasants. I can shoot down flying pheasants, flying geese, and I’m good at shooting wild boars. Isn’t that impressive? Isn’t it? "Yes." You guys have eaten a lot of wild boar meat, haven’t you? For free. (Laughter) Now I will collect all the payments. It’s said that you reap what you sow.

Now, I’m a tough guy. I’m a tough guy. If it were you, you would have all retreated. When you see those who have recently joined the Unification Church and fallen away opposing it…. Even those guys, when they see me, say, "Wow, he’s a great man." When you go to the market, the one who looks at the latest arrivals and sees who did it more cleanly becomes the owner of that market. Isn’t that right? That’s how it is. If you want to be someone greater than a Unification Church member, you should say that after Mr. Moon dies and the Unification Church has passed, you will settle everything and then go. Such a person will receive greater blessings than a Unification Church member. That’s how a person should be.

I’m the same. For 30 years I’ve been opposed, my whole life I’ve been opposed, but I still haven’t retreated on the stage of God’s religion. All the people who opposed me have died, collapsed, and are struggling, and I have to feed them water to raise them up again to oppose me one more time, and after taking them all home, when there’s no one left to oppose, I must have the leisure to pray, "God, I’m the only one left." There’s still opposition from the mainstream church. That’s why following Mr. Moon brings blessings. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." In terms of mountains, we haven’t even climbed the 70% mark yet. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." How will you climb the 80%, 90%, and 100% marks? How will you climb? You will hold onto the teacher’s back. This is the Unification Church way.

You all have come to the hiking trail. You’ve come. You’ve made it to the 70% mark, but looking up, it’s easy to go down, but going up is hard. Now, will you still go? "Yes." You guys with money, will you still go? "Yes!" (Energetically) Didn’t you eat dinner? Didn’t you come without eating lunch? Did you eat, or didn’t you eat? "I ate." What dinner? You ate lunch, but didn’t you skip dinner? 

Now, do you have the confidence to go? "Yes." Do you really have the confidence to go? "Yes." Do you have the confidence to go beyond next year? Do you have the confidence to go beyond 1976? "Yes." What will you do if Kim Il-sung comes out here? "I will fight." What will you fight with? With your head, with your hands and feet? What will you fight with? "I will fight with my body."

There are such possibilities. It’s wrong to oppose, but if everyone says it’s right and I’m the only one who’s fallen, can I do anything? So, "Oh, don’t go. Don’t go." There can be people who follow along like that. Isn’t that so? (Laughter) So, will you go? "Yes." There are people who say yes and then run away. They say, "Let’s go, let’s go!" and then run away. That can happen. Is that how you will go? "No." Will you still go even when bullets are flying? "Yes." If a bullet whizzes past your ear, will you say, "Oh no, oh no…" and still go? "Yes." If that’s the case, I will once again….

I hope we have a lot of guns made and stacked in our factory. Let’s give one to each. Even to the women…. These girls…. Don’t they like dating? Would they go to the battlefield? Isn’t that right? "They wouldn’t." Don’t lie, girls. Do you really want to go? "Yes." Oh my…. So, you will really go? "Yes." When I come back, many of the people who came here will have fallen off. "No." "They will increase." Increase, what will increase? There’s tofu, right? I mean soft tofu. It may be this big, but if you press it down, it will go pfft and shrink. (Demonstrating. Laughter)

The way for the Republic of Korea to survive in the current situation
Koreans are good at deceiving others, so how much will they deceive me? Is the Unification Church any different? When the teacher does something, what will inflate? What is that, puffed rice snacks, puffed rice snacks, right? How about it? Will it inflate? "Yes." If it doesn’t inflate, what will you do? Will you attach something like this to your forehead and something to your back? "Yes." Try doing that, let me see.

Why do I say this? Because looking at the current world situation, it’s truly astonishing. Think about the citizens of the Republic of Korea. To the west, there’s a huge China with a population of 800 million. Now look to the north. The leading communist country, the Soviet Union, is threatening. Now look to the east. There’s Japan, which colonized our country for 40 years, a vast economic country with a population of 100 million. Countries that the world is concerned about are all lined up. But Korea is sick, its waist is split in two, lying upside down. It can’t even lie straight.

So, where will it go? When you say, "You Chinese!" do you have the power to say "Yes"? When you say, "You Soviet!" do you have the power to say "Yes"? When you say, "You Japanese!" do you have the power to say "Yes"? Do you have that power? Do you have it or not? Answer me. "No." Those who say they do are crazy. Can you believe that? No matter how loud you shout, no one believes you, and the louder you shout, the more trouble you get. "If I listen to that guy, when the communists come, I won’t survive. Get rid of that guy." That’s what it seems like.

This is the situation we are in. The teacher is thinking about how to deal with Japan, how to deal with America. When there’s no way to deal with this, the fate of the Republic of Korea will be blocked. There’s no way to go. Either surpass communism or digest the democratic world, or eat and digest the democratic world to fight and win against communism, or have the ability to eat and digest communism to revive the democratic world again. Until we find one of these two paths, Korea has no way to live. This urgent time has come.

You know, in the past, even at the UN General Assembly, America was cornered because of the Korean and Israeli issues and made a mess. If you can’t take responsibility, you will suffer consequences. If you listen to Reverend Moon, there’s a way to save the country…. Who will believe this? We are in such a desperate situation. In this situation, do university students, who haven’t even matured yet, protest? What are they trying to solve by protesting? Can you solve the fate of this country by protesting? If you’re going to protest, you should have the capacity to defeat the communists, to defeat the Soviets, and to digest Japan first. I’m not saying this because I support the current government. When thinking about the long-term strategy of the country, the protest is not the issue.

I must be in a position to surpass the ideology of communism, to surpass the ideology of the democratic world, and to surpass the imperialistic ideology of Japan. Then I can tell the Republic of Korea to listen to me. If that doesn’t work, it’s right to protest. So what will you do? All the young people are making a fuss protesting in school…. Will the current government let that happen? That’s what I think.

Where is the problem? The Unification Church members are the same. In the future, we need to have the mental attitude to swallow China, to swallow the Soviet Union, and to digest Japan, and we need a man with a self-reliant and healthy mind who can confidently eat and digest them in front of anyone. Then, one-on-one… in terms of military power, of course, we may be at a disadvantage, but in terms of knowledge, if even one person has the ability, he can take down not just 100 million but tens of billions of people. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

The one and only way for a weak country to survive
That’s why the one and only way for a weak country like Korea, standing in a miserable fate, to survive is to have the subjective power to digest the democratic world and the communist world. And if the leader of that country, whether it’s the prime minister or the minister, has the power to bow his head, if there’s one such person and ten companions, then ten people can become a hundred, a hundred can become a thousand, and a thousand can become ten thousand…. Ten thousand is too many. Even if there are just ten people, from the foundation of that power, a base for digestion can emerge, establishing a base of peace in Asia. This is a matter of time, whether short or long. That’s what I’m saying.

That’s why I often regret being born a Korean. If I had been born an American…. For example, among the 350 participants in this scientific conference, there are world-renowned scholars. If I poke and ask them about the fundamental issues of life, no matter how smart they are, they won’t be able to answer. When they can’t surpass me in terms of ability and achievements, they have to submit to me. That’s how I started with this letter.

The problem is that the one and only way for a weak country to survive is to have the self-reliant capability to ride the waves of the ideological world. If there is a person with the ability to calm the entire situation, and if that person is a citizen of the Republic of Korea, even if Korea perishes, that one person can create the opportunity to reproduce the national identity of Korea from there.

That’s why, no matter how much I am opposed…. Those things are all irrelevant. Even in Japan, there is opposition…. Let them oppose. They should oppose. A storm must come to know the true helmsman. A storm must come, and chaos must ensue to recognize the true guide. When I went to America and shook things up like this…. The American media is enormous. Their power base spans the entire world. If they strike, even the president can be destroyed in an instant, and a senator can disappear with just two shakes. But Mr. Moon, no matter how much you shake him, he doesn’t shake. The Daily News in New York sells 8 million copies. No matter how much you hit, the teacher doesn’t budge. It doesn’t even register like the fart of a dead grandfather in the neighborhood. (Laughter)

Newspaper reporters can pass anywhere, there’s no curfew. These kids, they misunderstood. These kids, I’m educating these reporters. If they come to Reverend Moon once, they won’t be able to go again. They realized that. Then they go, "Oh no, oh no…." They hit the brakes. These kids, do they think the whole world will always be a one-way street for the opposition? From now on, we have to push these reporters into the ruling party world. If you feel bad, try hitting me. Let’s see how much you can do.

So, I didn’t meet with a single one. That’s why I became famous for not meeting anyone, and now it’s been formalized. Reverend Moon doesn’t meet with anyone…. At first, they said, "Is he not meeting with anyone?" But after a while, they developed. They said, "Is he not meeting with anyone?" Now they say, "That person doesn’t meet with anyone." That’s how it has become. (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean? At this point, the authority of a man born as a Korean is quite useful, right? What’s wrong with that, you kids?
However, the journalists in the Korean media are not human beings. If such a person came here, I would tell them to go and attack a certain Mr. Moon tomorrow. Attack! They don't understand the heavenly principles.... If a person named Reverend Moon were the kind of man who could be swayed by their whims, he would never have started such work. So, what is the problem in the reality of Korea? We must dominate the ideological world. And regardless of what power opposes us, we must theoretically dismantle it. Moreover, in the practice centered around that theory, we must reach a standard that no one in the world with any authority can match. At that time, they will have to submit. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." How about you all?

If it cannot be done by human power, I will do it with spiritual power. You can tell when you see a person. "Isn't that the kind of kid who used to do this kind of thing back in the day?" If you hit them right on, there is something to it. Do you understand? Because I can see people, I can judge the fate of the nation and the state of the world. What I said about the situation in Japan ten years ago has come true just as it was. A lot of it has come true, right? "Yes." Because the principles of the Unification Church are like this, history develops according to those principles, and the fate of the world does not go beyond its limits, right? "Yes." Isn't that interesting and wonderful?

That's why the greedy evil-doers are still here. If they go a little further, a good honey pot will appear, and they will open their mouths wide and say, "Let's go over." They endure this and go on; what is there to it? Once they open their greedy bags wide and fill them up, they want to shake the bundle of laughter and say, "Hehe." All of that is just a bunch of thieves' cousins. (Laughter) I think I should curse like this.

There is no one who can take away the foundation laid in America. I thought the UN General Assembly was scary, but our ladies have been scouted and are taking all the ambassadors around. I thought all the U.S. senators were high and mighty, but they have all become friends with our ladies. Even a certain committee chair in the House of Representatives is like that, and there is a person named Jack Anderson. He was the kingpin who took down President Nixon back in the day. Now he is my friend. I met him this time. With this, I have taken hold of all the congressmen.... This world is indeed a riddle. I thought everyone was scary and terrible, but when I see what Reverend Moon is doing, he shines in Congress, shines in the UN, shines on campuses, and appears like Hong Gildong, this is not all bad.

If you look at the person who introduced me this time, he was a key figure in the Security Council, but would such people try to ruin the country? The methods used by the communists are exactly the same as those used by the people opposing Reverend Moon of the Unification Church. This is communism; they are all marking their targets. Now, if you think like this, how do you feel? Good or bad? "Good." You all feel good without any reservations, right? "Yes." Good at night, good during the day, good in the evening, good while sleeping, good in dreams.... Good, right? "Yes."

You ignorant fools, you foolish ones! You feel good, but what about the teacher? Just feel good without thinking? When a marathon runner stands at the front and runs vigorously, the citizens of that country cheer him on. At that time, the runner feels good, right? (Laughter) Good or bad? It's a matter of life and death, right? You need to understand that, you kids.

If you want to feel good, you have to know what you are feeling good about. You can't just say you will come in first without knowing how to do it.... You have to be able to do it and then say it feels good. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." There is a bloody struggle in that. In the vast America.... Just a word from the State Department can cause a stir.... Isn't South Korea in a terrible situation? However, Reverend Moon does not budge even when President Ford issues a statement. They have done all sorts of investigations to expel me from the State Department. They want to study and investigate me and then decisively pin me down and spit on me to burn me. Do I not know that? It is all clear. They have put up fences to keep themselves out, but I enter the country through the embassy properly. Do you understand? I am a person with such skills. Do you think so? "Yes." That's right.

That is why I have faced opposition for 30 years, but if I am an eel, I am the best eel, and if I am a wild boar, I am the best wild boar. I am the grandfather of wild boars. (Laughter) I am not a baby eel. I can tell just by looking at the rice cake. If you do it this way, I will do it this way. I have come this far, but I am a person who can think of ways to cross mountains and sail boats, to sing a song, to take a nap, and to rest. So, the pastors of established churches should not oppose the Unification Church anymore; they should quickly pack their bags. If I were to give a few million dollars in rice cakes and say, "Reverend Moon is giving gifts to the established church so that they won't fight," they would say, "Oh, I need that money, but I oppose Reverend Moon." Is this a human being? I do not do that. If you want to oppose, you must refuse the money as well.

Today, I went to the Little Angels School, and do you know how much has been spent on building the Little Angels School? About 2 billion won has been spent so far. To complete it, about 2.7 billion more will be needed. But they tell me, "Teacher, help us," saying they have no money. The Ewha Womans University Foundation is making a fuss about building the Little Angels School, and that made me feel good. The facilities are already completely done. They spent about 220,000 to 230,000 won per pyeong. I told them to build it the best in South Korea. Yes, it looks like a palace, a palace. Right? Have you all been there? "Yes." You haven't been there, have you? Our Unification Church members have to pay an entrance fee of 1,000 won to go there. (Laughter) They must pay. I made it with my blood and sweat.

Now, we need to place the best piano in the world, the best piano from America, there. We also need to have the best piano at our training center. The exterior may be shabby, but the contents must be the best. Do you understand? This is the principle of Reverend Moon of the Unification Church. The headquarters of the Unification Church may look shabby, but its essence cannot be bought even for hundreds of millions of gold. (The recording briefly cuts out)

Even if South Korea is sacrificed, if it can save the world, we must go that way. What is that? It is a kind of magic. People thought I would live in a palace, but I live in a house built for tens of billions. When you enter my house, it feels like a dark cave, and you won't know where to go in or where to come out; it is a very narrow path. It feels like entering a cave. If I came here to ask for donations and someone says, "I have no money," they would think, "Well, of course, how could there be money?"

However, when I wanted to build the best church in Korea, I had enough money to pay immediately and still have some left over. Do you believe that? "Yes." You would like it if I helped you with your school fees, right? You would also like it if I helped with the expenses for getting married, right? But I absolutely do not help with those things. (Laughter) I do not help at all. Even if one person cannot go to school, even if one person cannot get married, South Korea must survive. South Korea must live. Even if South Korea perishes, if it can save Asia, I will spend this money for Asia. If it can save the world, I will spend this money for the world, leaving Asia behind. Why? Because if the world is saved, Asia will also revive. Will South Korea perish while Asia is surviving?

Until now, I have devoted myself to South Korea, Japan, and China. Although General Chiang Kai-shek has passed away, he was someone who laid the foundation with a visionary perspective and has paved the way until now. This is something that no one in the South Korean government knows. No one knows what kind of foundation Reverend Moon has.... There is no one in Japan who does not know me. When something urgent happens, they send someone to consult with Reverend Moon. You have never heard such words before, have you? This is enough for the established church pastors to have passed the point where they can oppose me. Those guys are now so blinded that they do not know whether it is day or night.

Time is passing quickly. However, I must say everything I need to say before I leave. I do not know when I will return. I may not return to Korea anymore. What can I say about this country, a stubborn country, the most vicious one? This is how I think of Korea. Look. If I had been able to support such capable people for over 30 years.... If I had just supported them and put them out into the world, I would have made this country a heavenly kingdom on earth. I would have allowed all of you to live with your cars parked.

If, right after liberation, this nation and this people had just supported us, hundreds of millions of people would have joined our Unification Church. I am currently spending 3 million dollars a month by sending a small number of American members. Wouldn't it be nice if I could give that money to you? Who earned that money? I earned it, I did. I led it with ideology. I have organized everything from business activities to all activities in detail and have been leading them.

If you go, you will become like that within 40 days. Wouldn't that be good? Then.... You must know how to make money. After that, you must know how to conduct diplomacy. Then, you must have the ability to digest and impress the masses. You must know how to speak eloquently. Anyone who cannot do all of this cannot be a responsible person. Reverend Moon of the Unification Church is someone who has already been trained in those aspects. There is nothing I cannot do. I have never lost a fight. Since I was young, I have fought with bigger guys. I was skilled at taking down those who were three years older than me. There was no one within ten ri of my neighborhood who did not know me. I have that kind of character.

Now, when I leave, do you hope I will return? "Yes." Who do you want to see? Is my son here, is my wife here? What would I come back to see? Just thinking about the insults I received from behind, in front, and on the sides makes me sick and tired, and you want me to come back? "Yes." To eat me? "No." You want me to come back with money and hope that I will help you, saying, "Come on"? Isn't that right? Look. When the teacher goes on a trip, you want to help with the travel expenses and come to provide supplies and weapons for the great battle on the world stage, right? What is it?

Let's be frank. Since I have come this far, I should say everything I want to say and hear everything I want to hear. What is it? Are you asking me to come to help, or are you coming to receive help? "To help." What will you do if I die tomorrow? Don't even say such things. It would be better to just say I died and stay quiet.

What is it? "To receive blessings." What? "To receive blessings." To receive blessings? If you want to receive blessings, just receive them or not. Anyway, it is good to be honest! (Laughter) You must be an old maid. Otherwise, you must be a flirty girl. Ask if that is true or not. It must be true, right? It doesn't matter if your face turns red. To receive blessings for a long time, oh my! (Laughter)

Look. How much cursing have I received for giving blessings? I borrowed money to do it with my own funds. Have any of you ever given me even a penny when you got married? If I had no money, I would have emptied my own bag to send everyone off to get married.... What sin is this? What have I done that I deserve all this fuss? I do it because I like it. How wicked are the people of South Korea? The people of South Korea are terrible. Isn't that right? For a good person like me, who is doing good things, to say, "You can't give a bowl of water to those who are working hard, but don't break the pot," is the same as saying, "Can't you give a bowl of water to those who are working hard?" What is this?

Would you want to come to such a country? Would you want to come? You would be sick of it, wouldn't you? So, do you still want me to come? "Yes." Is it because so many people have gathered? Did so many people gather for me? They gathered for themselves. No matter how many people gather, what does it matter? They are all empty husks, rotten seeds; what can they do by gathering a lot?

So, do you really want me to come? "Yes." I cannot come. I cannot come. That is why I came to say goodbye, in fact. Listen to me. Now, there are people from three countries in over 120 countries. Germans, Americans, Japanese, and so on.... So, I cannot retreat. In the past, I could go alone and retreat, but because I went representing three countries, I said I would not return even if I die. Just like today’s victory, just like fighting and winning in opposing countries, in your case, opposition will be the counterpart, and attack will be the boundary, and anyone who retreats from there has nothing to do with me.

That is why that place is a miserable place. However, in three years, all of that will become a stepping stone. If there are about 50 to 100 people, then after that, we will organize a mobile unit of 1,000 people, a mobile unit of 10,000 people, and it will come to the time when we can mobilize 30 aircraft at once. Just hearing about this feels good, right? "Yes." If an established church pastor came here, they might think, "Oh no! If he does that, what will happen to the established church? They will cut off my head." But don’t worry. I am not someone who cuts off heads. (Laughter) I am not someone who wants to cut off heads; I am someone who puts heads back on. So, don’t worry.

This time, 350 members of the international mobile unit came to Gimpo Airport, and Seoul was bustling, and South Korea was bustling, right? "Yes." If they mobilize 30 jumbo jets, it will take at least 30 minutes to land one, and if you count 30 minutes, it will take about fifteen hours. Is there even a place at Gimpo Airport to park 30 jumbo jets? So, we have no choice but to land one and take off again, land one and take off again.... We have to coordinate everything like this. I am considering all these things.... This is not a lie.

When I went to America, I said, "Hey, you guys, because you are foolish and do not know the teacher's abilities, you oppose me and all that, but in one or two years, I will get a mobile unit and create a revival group that will be known worldwide and take it across the Atlantic, so believe it." (Laughter) Have I only gone back and forth once? I have gone back and forth dozens of times. Did I do it or not? "You did."

The European mobile unit of 300 people, the Japanese mobile unit of 300 people, the American mobile unit of 300 people, thus forming a mobile unit of 10,000 people with 300 people from each country. If we organize 300 people each, how many countries would it take to reach 10,000? 30 countries, right? "Yes." Isn't that right? 30 countries. Is this 30 countries? How many countries is it? "120 countries." 120 countries. Then how many times is that? "Four times." Four times, so how many people do we need to send? 100 people each means 100 countries. 100 of
What is 100 times? Is it not 10,000? If we can only mobilize 100 at a time, it means they will come no matter what. They will come. The mobilization of 10,000 may not be visible, but it means that the 10,000 will appear. Do you understand? There is that capability.

Feeling good, right? The person with such capability is not a Japanese, not an American, not a German, but a person named Mr. Moon, who is being criticized in Korea. Mr. Moon, that guy. Do you understand? "Yes." Everyone, feeling good? "Yes." Are you feeling good or bad? "Good." Ah, even if I say Mr. Moon, that guy, you feel good, huh? That’s not it; only the mobilization of 10,000 is good. You shouldn’t feel good about that guy.

So, would you like it if we did that, or would you not like it? "We would like it." Raise your hand if you want to do it; I will do it. No doubt, right? "Yes." Then we should think about that. So, where do we start with the mobilization of 10,000? We started from Korea, right? Therefore, when will Korea return to the 128th position? It should be the 128th, right? Isn’t that so? If not, they are thieves. To make one full round, we have to come back after 128 times.

If the teacher returns to Korea in the 128th round, it will take several decades if we leave now. If you stay in one country for a month, how many years is that? It’s 10 years, 10 years. If you stay for two months? "20 years." If you stay for three months? "30 years." If the teacher stays in America for decades, stays in Korea for decades, and doesn’t even stay for three months in our country, what kind of teacher is that for the world? A fake teacher. If foreign members protest, saying, "You are a sinner," the teacher has no choice but to execute that. So, after leaving Korea this time, will we see each other again or not? Can we meet in 30 years or not? Are you confident? "Yes." Only those who might die tomorrow or in a few days can answer; a normal person cannot answer. Do you know how a person’s life will change in 30 years?

This time, they are calling the teacher from Japan. When the teacher went to Europe after four years, they held on and cried. What can I say, crying like a wolf… They cried so much that they couldn’t make a sound, just sobbing… (laughter) It’s not a laughing matter, you guys. It’s not a lie; it’s the truth. Now, should I go or not? I can’t tell you how much guilt I felt for not going to Germany this time. "I am a sinner," I said. Because I was busy, I slept one night in one place and returned in two days.

While traveling in Europe, they followed me everywhere. When I went to England, they followed me to England; when I went to France, they followed me to France; when I went to Germany, they followed me to Germany… Then what about passports? Since it is within the EC (European Community), a passport is needed. That passport is there, and it’s just a matter of getting caught and living in prison later; it’s okay even if I get caught on the way back after meeting the teacher. So, this is a strange movement.

Now, should I go to those people or not? Think about it. Holy young men and women of the so-called Unification Church who have the Juche ideology, should I go or not? Should I go or not? You rascals? "You should go." Koreans only answer after being scolded, haha… Didn’t I tell you to do that? When did you raise your hand to say you would do that? Then why aren’t you answering? Doesn’t it feel bad?

Now, it has become so busy. Now that we are in the historical fruit-bearing era, the historical era of the teacher coming back and forth to Korea is over, and it will bear fruit in not coming. This is the time that has come. Otherwise, I will die. Now, did I sleep while I was here? I have no time to sleep, and I can’t even eat on time. In just six days, I probably slept only a few hours. Is there a rule that says it’s okay because I’m the teacher?

When I come and go, what can I say, it’s like living in a prison, that’s royal living. I came foolishly without thinking about the teacher’s meal time or sleep time… You may think it’s been a long time, but you sleep comfortably… For you, it’s only been a day, but for the teacher, it seems like a whole year, twelve months. So, can I live well? Would that be comfortable and good, or would it feel bad?

Become the historical fruit-bearing body of the Republic of Korea
Now, even if I’m not in Korea, all of you… If you raise chicks, they should grow up to be hens and roosters and be able to crow in season. How long will you stay as a chick? So, should I still come? "Yes." This is crazy. (laughter) The time has come. So now, whether the teacher comes or not, don’t think about it… What I want to say to you now is to "become the historical fruit-bearing body." Whatever it is, it must bear fruit.

You must ripen well like the fruit of the crabapple tree, receiving sunlight well, so that the taste of that crabapple fruit is known by all the people of the orchard, by the owner. If the people who know the taste can come back from a long journey at any time to pick and eat, do you understand what I mean? "Yes." No matter how much you go to America or travel around the world, if you stand in a position where you can say, "The taste of the apples in the Republic of Korea is good, and there are many delicious fruits there, oh, I must stop by at some point," this makes sense. Then you can make time. But if you come, it’s all rotten pears, rotten apples, all magical things, and you still want me to come? Why am I saying this? There is a reason. Don’t act foolishly. The Republic of Korea is now a subject country. You must know that it is a subject country, a subject country. This is what you need to understand.

Among the members in America, two-thirds have been here for less than six months. They are all people who have been here for less than a year. They are the ones fighting on the front lines. Most of them are graduates and smart people. The democratic educational method is not the memorization method you used. They studied by observing everything and extracting the essence from the whole, so they can extract the essence of principles within a week.

Moreover, they are warriors who have been appropriately educated in countries that lead Western civilization. When you say, "Do this," you answer as if you’ve prepared rice cakes, but when told to go south, you go north, and when told to go east, you go west. And when you ask where they are going, they say, "I’ve arrived." It’s the hardest to get the people of the Republic of Korea to work.

However, it is difficult to give orders to those people. What the person in charge orders has become a traditional training that is life-threatening. It’s because their civil quality is high. With such a foundation, they have the absorptive power to move the world, so they have a tremendous advancement base. But what happens when you, who are in the subject country, appear in the West? It’s a disgrace to the teacher. It will bring shame to the teacher. Do you understand what I mean?

Now, when someone asks, "When did you join the Unification Church?" you say, "Oh, it’s been several decades." Then they think they’ve met the teacher. They think you know the principles well. What if they ask about the principles? If they examine the creation principles and give a comprehensive evaluation, saying, "I see it this way, how about you?" what do you think those rascals will do? I don’t want to see that. Are those the youth of the subject country? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." So now, you must take responsibility in place of the teacher and work tirelessly to become the fruit-bearing body in the Republic of Korea. Although you were born in the Republic of Korea, you must cross the ocean, go over the continent, and find the point where you can achieve your goals and settle down to lay your eggs. You must become those who can do this.

If you can’t even play such games within the Republic of Korea, what will you do abroad? That’s impossible. Can I brag about such people? If I praise and commend them, I will only be embarrassed more and more. Therefore, they must be isolated… If they act like that, they should just be embarrassed. I wish I could whip them and re-educate them. It would be nice if there were things I could use, but if not, I have no choice but to leave them alone and watch.

Only a transnational ideology can remain as an ideology that can lead the world
Look at what has been done. For decades, I have told all Unification Church members to "build the church, build it!" but since they didn’t do it, I had no choice but to do it myself. I built about 200 churches at once. Did you all bring any money for land prices? What have you all done? You must think about it. What have you done after joining the Unification Church? No matter how much hope you have, I cannot have hope in you. There is no way to find hope that can manage the world.

That’s why I had no choice but to train American youth. From there, I sent out people with leadership capabilities to the world, and since we cannot avoid managing the world, I sent out Germans, Japanese, and Americans. Is there even one Korean among them? Out of the 120 places I sent, is there even one Korean? "No." Even after doing that, no one came to the teacher to protest. Did you ever think, "Teacher, why did you send missionaries to the international stage and leave out our Koreans?" Did you ever think, "Oh, well done, well done. After they all work, our teacher will make us good and finally make me the person in charge"? That’s not going to happen. It’s impossible. Isn’t that how it turned out?

Now, we are in a global era. Look. The reason why communism is collapsing now is that the Soviet Union has a decisive view that it must dominate the world centered around the Slavic people. That’s why they lost China. If the Soviet Union had made a claim that could jointly recognize the achievements of humanity under the common goal of communism, they would not have lost China. After all, communism based on national consciousness cannot be established. World communism can be established from a position that transcends nations. The same goes for democracy. The leading country of democracy, the United States, has led the world centered around America, but even if the world collapses, America must not collapse. Because it has become such an America, it has been expelled from the world.

From this perspective, it is only an ideology that can transcend national borders and serve the world, and that can instill a patriotism that goes beyond mere patriotism for one’s country, which can lead the world in the future. Isn’t this a matter that can be conclusively determined from the standpoint of the present world?

If you have no ability to save the world, can you hold onto you and say you will save the world? That’s impossible. If Americans do well, they will be placed in front of the world and advance with a transnational heart. Just because Korea has fallen does not mean we should retreat and go back to save it. It’s on hold until we make a full round. It’s about putting it at the very end. That’s how I think.

Now, if you have any objections to this, speak up. That’s why I called everyone here today. Do you have any objections? That’s why I have invested all economic power in America until now. I plan to establish a university within three years. I have signed a contract for a building that is nine times larger than the main building of Columbia University Club. You, New York Times, I will become a bigger grandfather than you! I will establish a university and bring all the world’s scholars to work for me. If I give each of them $55,000, I can attract anyone. If I just bring about 50 people… With $2.5 million, right now… The $2.5 million I spend is not a problem. It doesn’t even cover a year’s expenses. You rascals! I bought 800,000 pyeong of land to build a school in the Republic of Korea, but I’m not building it. The land is there, so you should build it. Why? Because the time has changed. Now is the global time. Instead, I will make them love the teacher more than Koreans. Do you have any objections to this? But still, can’t do it? Do you still want to complain? Then you are a villain. A villain. Those without ability will fall. Ability and results will determine the victory or defeat of the world.

That’s why Reverend Moon says he must have ability and assert that he has ability. When I do what the Republic of Korea cannot do and do what the Korean people need, the Republic of Korea must recognize the achievements I have made. No matter how much you dislike it, it must be praised nationally. I have done a lot of such things.

When I turn all the degraded young people in America into capable, result-oriented, and hopeful youth, the entire American people must kneel and praise those achievements. There will come a time when those who opposed yesterday will compete to entrust their sons, daughters, and grandchildren to Reverend Moon.

Now is the time when God looks forward with the greatest hope in the final battle
But what is the one problem? It is to create people who can love the teacher more than you do. Then it will be fine. This is also what God wants. God also says, "Why don’t you do it centered around the Korean people?" It doesn’t work that way. God wants that to be done as much as possible.

Then, would you prefer it to take a long time to restore, or a short time? It should take a little time, right? "Yes." So, would it be faster to work with you or with those who are currently graduating from universities, enjoying the best cultural life, and working while flying on airplanes? Which is it? Answer me. What’s there to ask? It’s faster to work with those who fly on airplanes. So I am putting in all my sincerity, more than the sincerity I put in decades ago, to educate young people. I will send these educated people in the not-too-distant future.

Then I will gather these 72 families and discuss various matters. I will tell you many things you haven’t heard. You need to know how the world goes. You need to know when night comes and when day comes. Foolish ones… Not knowing what kind of heart your parents have and believing in such children who trust their parents even at 30 years old is wrong in itself.
Therefore, everyone, in 1976, do not question the teacher. If you have love for the teacher and trust in the teacher, then cherish your own work, love the children of faith, and love the Republic of Korea. Love the Republic of Korea more than the teacher, love your neighborhood more than the teacher, and love your school more than the teacher. That is how you should live. It’s okay if you don’t even think about it in your dreams.

What time should I leave? "You should leave at seven o'clock." Seven o'clock? There are still 30 minutes left. Now, we have come to this time of reality. At such a time, if I leave now… What kind of time is it when we look at 1976 historically? It is a time when we must make the final turn in providence. In terms of sports, it is like the final marathon competition. It is a time when we must conclude the final act and fight, and this is a time when God looks upon history with the greatest hope that has never existed, a time of the first battle in the democratic world.

When we look at the 200-year history of the United States, it is a record that no one has been able to achieve. From the perspective of providential history, this is also a historical play in creating a bridge where Eastern and Western civilizations can interact. In 1976, we must realize that there is a fateful providential path that must be resolved here. If I fail alone, I can return as just one person, but if I fail alone, I cannot return as just one person.

If I fail here, if I cannot succeed in this work, I will not be able to hold my head high before heaven, and it will be a solemn and serious year that leaves a stain of not achieving all the hopes I had when I stood proudly before humanity. That is why I have longed for 1976, but you must understand that this coming year will be a year of utmost fear for me. To bring about the results of victory in this battle, I must completely forget about all of you in the Republic of Korea. You must understand that it is a time when you must completely forget and devote yourselves.

In this historic time of fruition, I am in a position to walk the path that can resolve the historical fate of whether I can cut the tape at the top from a global historical perspective. Countless spirits from the spirit world are watching me. God is placing hope in me. Moreover, in the current situation where the Republic of Korea is likely to become isolated in international affairs, this is where a new spring of living water that can save the nation can burst forth. The path to expelling communism in Asia also originates from here.

Because God is a lonely and solitary being, we must walk that path so that a source can explode to solve all the international problems today. In 1976, during this one-year journey of Reverend Moon, it is to be resolved. The path of a man who bears such a fateful responsibility is lonelier than anyone else's path. If it is a difficult position, it is more difficult than anyone else's position. I stand in a position where I must carry out this battle.

What I hope for you is to establish the dignity of the mother country. Even if born as a tiger cub, even if its legs are crippled, it is still a tiger cub. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You children, do not go around being scorned and criticized, and do not become spineless creatures. You guys, what is it? Even if I have something to say, I won't say it. Just wait and see in ten years, in ten years. When my hands become great, and my young face becomes the same as yours, your children will kneel before me.

If one does not solve matters that cannot be infringed upon, one cannot sleep deeply, and one cannot claim to have succeeded. I need men and women who can establish themselves and head straight toward their goals. Without such people, I do not believe there can be any way to solve the current situation of the Republic of Korea and to build a bridge to a new world, a new heaven in the future.

The teacher will pave the way to connect the Republic of Korea with the European stage. When the teacher says to the young people of Korea, "Hey, the time has come, so gather," those young men must be fully equipped, buckle their belts, concentrate, and when the command to advance is given, they must be ready to launch a full attack toward the enemy. When I look at that spirit and that trained appearance, it is my hope that you will be superior to the young people of any Western country, as someone born in the Republic of Korea.

This thought is a patriotic thought, and because of this thought, God will bless you more. However, if it does not happen, I will regret being born in the Republic of Korea. Throughout my more than 30 years of life, I have endured persecution and walked the path of suffering, and I would spit on the Republic of Korea, thinking that I would become a citizen of the United States. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Soon, the day will come when each country will compete to invite the teacher. In the near future, that day will come. By then, the Republic of Korea will not even be a candidate. This is what I think. I have shed tears of blood, lost sleep, and poured all my sincerity into this country. Yet, this country does not listen to the words any more. So, even though I have created a foundation where you cannot fail, these children have not even become tiger cubs as I asked them to. If I have educated poorly, I must take responsibility. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." I am a serious man. I am a man who takes games seriously.

From this perspective, the time for me to take responsibility for the Republic of Korea has passed. Within three years, I must take the United States into my grasp… God is pulling with this hook, and I must not lack in my hands! The line must not break! If God's power is lacking, it can be lacking, but my line must not break.

How serious have you been while walking the path of your will? The teacher has walked that path all his life. I do not know my family. Only I know. Only God knows. A lonely man walks a path that no one knows, and God cooperates to present problems to this society with results that astonish humanity, and he has become a figure who presents new ripples within the ideologies of this crumbling democratic world. This has happened not because I am great, but because God has been with me.

Because God is such a lonely being, and because He is such a solitary being, and because I am like Him, I know that He understands my circumstances, so until the day I die, I have come to fulfill even one of His wishes and to gather people who can expand that field for God. I have endured insults without knowing how to oppose, and I have come out with love, even when beaten, because I was born as a child of God and because I have a responsibility to establish His will. So, while thinking about how to establish this tradition, even if I stumble or bend over, or crawl, I have fought to leave this behind.

Now the time for the teacher to leave is approaching. This remaining tradition… Just wait and see how I do it. If you do not become those who can hold onto this land and come to God with tears, you must realize that you are contrary to my hopes and expectations. No matter how much I look, I cannot expect more than this, nor can I place more hope than this.

Become the fruit of the Unification Church, the fruit of Reverend Moon, the fruit of God. As for me, I have fulfilled my responsibilities as the leader of the Unification Church in the Republic of Korea. I have worried alone, fearing that I might become a group of people who starve to death, and I have laid the economic foundation for four years. Because there was no church, I even created a church. Then you must protect that company and develop it beyond the teacher to create an economic sphere for the nation, and with that economic sphere, you must connect the path to use it not just for our church but for the world.

That is why I have established a bank in the United States. While you slept at night, I did not sleep and had to do things that no one else could do in a short period. That is why I am a son of God. God is with me. It is not that my sincerity is lacking; when my sincerity reaches beyond this, I will do things that no one else can do. Because God is with me, I cannot rest. I cannot give this precious thing that has come about after countless hardships away cheaply. If I do not give this notice, my heart will not be at ease.

If you wish for the teacher to come, you must feel the responsibility to unify the Korean Peninsula. If you want to hear news of the teacher's activities in America, you must work hard and engage in activities that do not fall behind the teacher. I told the church leaders before, but until I return, the church must be filled with members. Do you understand what I mean, you children? "Yes." You must know the miserable stories of being looked down upon because there was no church, you children. How many times have you heard the prayers of curses wishing for our downfall, and how many times have you seen them with your own eyes? A man with bones will not become a man who fails here.

So understand… I might come back once after finishing the Yankee Stadium event. I am thinking of coming here via Europe, but if your sincerity is lacking, I will not come. In this event, can I stand in a place where God can rejoice, singing the victory song with the universe in one hand, or will I be a man who drinks the bitter cup of defeat when I step down from the stage? This is a serious matter.

Until we meet again, day and night, if you want to eat, think of the teacher, and even if you do not eat, you must work for the will of the teacher. If you feel sleepy, think of the teacher who does not sleep and fight for the will. You must think of the teacher who endures insults without making excuses. You must have the determination to carry out your own achievements to see the enemy's forces naturally surrender with the desire for victory tomorrow. Only through such efforts will there be a way for you to live, and for this nation to live.

In just a few months, a great transformation will occur in Asia. I am currently playing a leading role behind the scenes. Therefore, we must be stronger than the Japanese people. We must be stronger than those Westerners with yellow hair and blue eyes. We are the mother country, the mother country. We are the mother country, you children!

Where will you pour the blood of youth? For you? For your belly? For your one child? That child might become a criminal. Pour that blood for the nation and the world! Then that child will inherit that path, and those children who held onto their hungry bellies will be welcomed by the people of the world! This is the path the teacher has walked… I have been chased, starved, sleepless, and lonely, but do not the young people of the world gather around this lonely person? Do not people of all colors seek the teacher, crossing borders and oceans, offering prayers of blessings and shouts of praise?

Until we meet again, be a man with bones, a serious man, the final fruit, the fruit of the Unification Church, the fruit of Reverend Moon, the fruit of the son of God, and be a man who is not ashamed before anyone. Today, we must deny this impoverished history, break away from all habitual lives we have lived in the Unification Church until now, and engage in the act of sowing new seeds. I must become a person who can reap, sowing new seeds in 1976. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Then I hope that God's protection will be with you on your path. If you walk that way, there will be God's protection. Therefore, until the teacher comes again, you must not fall behind the teacher… This is the time, this is the time. This is a once-in-a-lifetime, unprecedented time, so you must work hard here so that Korea, as a relative country where the teacher is active in the United States, can establish the dignity and prestige of God, who has come to find this nation while enduring thousands of years of suffering. I ask you to make every effort to bring about a shining, leap-forward development during this time. Do you understand? "Yes."

Can it be done, or not? "It can be done." Those who can do it, please stand up. Now, those who can do it, let us raise our hands and swear.

<Prayer> Beloved Father! Please remember your children who remain here. Now it is time to depart toward the land of America.

I clearly understand that this is a historic time of fruition. The remaining children relative to the teacher who is responsible for this era must become a group that can win the battle rather than just waiting for the teacher, so I sincerely hope that you can become such a group.

Until we meet again, I earnestly wish and hope that this period will allow this nation and this people to establish Your authority in a corner of Asia. Embrace thirty million and unify the North and South, and bless us to become a Republic of Korea that can directly receive Western civilization, pleasing to God.

Now I entrust the path of departure to You, Father, and I earnestly hope that this period will bring good news of hope to those I meet. I earnestly ask that You take full responsibility for everything as I entrust it to You, and I pray all these things in the name of True Parents. Amen. 

Let us lower our hands. Just as you swore before God, I hope you will practice that oath in the homeland even without the teacher. Let us shout for ten thousand years. Long live the Unification Church of the Republic of Korea! Long live! Long live! (Applause) Take care. "Long live True Parents! Long live! Long live!" (Applause) 

2) 
Let’s Cross the Hill of Hope

I left on the 25th and traveled a long distance to come here today. What did I newly feel while touring this time? Of course, I must continue such days a bit more, and I thought that if our Unification Church members continue like this, we will develop significantly. I felt that the urgent feeling of time being short has become the most precious position for us who must fulfill the responsibility of restoration providence. Now, the content of the tour is not what I will talk about today, so let’s talk about something else.

The purpose of the Unification Church is to create people who are loved by God and humanity. As you know, today is the last day of 1975. I think this gathering is the last one for this year. 1975 was a year of life…
If we look at it, our Unification Church has done a lot for understanding. It was an important year for solidifying the national-level foundation in Japan and Korea, representing Asia. From now on, we have an urgent mission to transfer all our foundations to the United States, which is akin to the fruits of Western civilization, and we must solidify them.

December 31, 1975 (Wednesday), Belvedere Training Center (New York, USA).

When we look at God's will, there is no concept of East or West. When centered on God, everyone is one child. The fact that the West and the East are fighting today, divided, or blocked by various absurdities, was not originally part of God's plan. So why has this happened? Because of the Fall. Therefore, we cannot help but feel that God, looking at this reality, must be even more sorrowful.

Then how do we make the world one? Who will do this? It is not God Himself who does it on earth, but He raises people to do it, and that has been the mission of religion until now. However, religion has not yet seen that solution.

As you all know, John 3:16 says, "For God so loved the world…." It says "the world," not "America" or "Christianity" or "Judaism." "For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life." It is neither Christianity nor Judaism. So what about the Unification Church? It is not that either. To receive God's love, we must be able to love humanity on behalf of God, who loves humanity. Only such a religion can be loved by God; otherwise, that religion is unnecessary.

Humanity did not know what God's view of humanity is. They do not have that view. Humanity still does not know. From that perspective, today the Unification Church is going beyond religion, based on religion, and is making efforts to love the world and humanity more than religion itself. From that perspective, we cannot help but think that the Unification Church makes a significant contribution to the historical era.

I know that you love me, and I love you too. However, I love you centered on God and through God's love. That love of God is a love that stays among all of humanity, not just within the Unification Church. To leave that love in the world and to plant that love, I must put you forward to do such work.

By sacrificing you and making you suffer, I am creating contributors who can contribute to the love that brings the fruits of love representing the world, so that we can receive God's love and the love of humanity, creating Unification Church members. You must understand that this movement is happening now. The purpose of the Unification Church is to create people who receive God's love and humanity's love.

Therefore, you are not people who are loved only within the Unification Church. You must become people who are loved by God and humanity. That is why I will love you not just within the Unification Church but in the love of humanity and God. I will be such a teacher. This is the path we are taking. Now you must understand me clearly. Such a view has not been presented by religions until now.

Opinions and purposes must be the same as God's.

When I think of myself, Reverend Moon, who is trying to establish this will and lead, it is my lifelong philosophy that I must be a model. That has become my life philosophy. Only those of you who believe in the Unification Church will understand this. Therefore, during my life, I am not someone who lives in debt. I must repay my debts. If I owe you, I am an exploiter. With that, I cannot be a leader who establishes the laws of justice before God.

If there has been suffering in the Unification Church, I have suffered the most, and even if I have been persecuted globally, I have received it more than anyone else, and even in heartache, I have experienced it more than anyone else. In terms of suffering, I have suffered more than anyone else. Not for a short period, but for 1 year, 2 years, 3 years, 10 years, 20 years…. As time goes on, because I have done such work, I believe that you who have entered the Unification Church can think deeply about such goals and become individuals with such convictions, which is why you must understand that even if persecution increases, you endure silently without rebuttal.

When you and I are surrounded by the persecution of the environment, we must be able to unite internally and bind God's heart. If the foundation for these three to become one can be established in such a place, then I think that persecution is also valuable. I always think that the thoughts of God, myself, and you must be the same.

When God sees those who persecute, He might think, "Why are these children interfering?" and if He takes revenge on all of them, this world will perish again. Because I know such a God, I must align my opinions with God. I must have the same work and purpose. Then, if you are like me, from that point on, the problem changes. Those who strike here will inevitably retreat. God will surely remove them.

Throughout history, it has been very difficult for the triangular relationship of dealing with God's will, the leader of a task, and the followers to become one. Knowing that, if we can unite and attack when God says to attack, it will hit the mark every time.

Even looking at the time of Jesus, while the opinions of Jesus and God were the same centered on God, the opinions of the disciples were different. That was the problem. If at that time the twelve disciples and the seventy disciples had become one, no matter how much the nation opposed, no matter how much the environment opposed, they would have managed everything. To strike from the other side is to strike God. That is the result. To strike the disciples is to strike Jesus and God because they are one with God.

Until now, there has been a lot of noise about Ted Patrick and deprogramming in America, but what I am giving you is how you are doing. And I am saying to hit harder with dirty play. No matter how strong it is, it will not change, and even if it is done a hundred times, it can return. God is the same. He teaches you, and when you do not do it, He punishes you, but does He punish you without teaching you?

Why do parents oppose? It is because they do not know. It is because you have not been able to clearly teach your parents what this will is. Parents who oppose even after being taught are doomed parents. They are not parents. In that sense, I feel a sense of responsibility. If I am an American citizen, or if you are my parents, I feel a sense of responsibility for not being able to teach them what my will is.

Is there any parent who would oppose their child doing well and going to a good place? There is none. They only complain if it goes badly or if they go to a bad place. However, there is nothing bad for you. You all know that there is nothing bad from your perspective. You know yourself well. The same goes for me. I have been persecuted throughout my life…. If you understand Reverend Moon's thought, there will be no one to oppose it. They oppose because they do not know the thought.

When you are opposed, you feel frustrated, right? The same goes for me. However, the perspective is different. The more so, we have the responsibility to teach quickly on a national level. If we have taught that and they still oppose, then I have no responsibility. Reverend Moon has no responsibility. If I have taught them and they still oppose after knowing, then those who heard it will not let it go. Such things will happen. God's providence…. Believers know that principled path, so they look forward to that principled path.

Therefore, even if it means shedding tears for those who oppose, we teach them once, twice, and up to three times. That is what the Madison Square Garden event, the Yankee Stadium event, and the Washington event are about. It means teaching three times. Now there will be no one among the American people who does not know Reverend Moon. It has come to that point. They know it. However, they think it is bad. They see Reverend Moon as someone more terrifying than a mafia. (Laughter)

That is why everyone is in an uproar. How long will that last? You will scoff at it. Then you will become stronger. When someone opposes, even if they say not to make excuses, they will risk their lives to make excuses. And they will do great things that the current Americans or those who oppose cannot do. They will do good things. For example, Rabbi Davies opposes our Unification Church, but he will do dozens of times more good than what Rabbi Davies does. Then all the problems will be solved. Until now, they opposed from the front, but as it grows, they will come along saying, "Oh!" and oppose. Will that work? Oh dear…. (Laughter. Applause)

Look. Thirty years ago in Korea, the state mobilized, and established churches mobilized to oppose me, but now they all welcome me. Japan is the same; Japan too. Similarly, America is just starting, so now they say Reverend Moon is right, but it will not be long before they all welcome him.

Today, among the members of the Unification Church, I see that there are those who have sinned against me. "Isn't it true that Reverend Moon is like what the world says?" they say, and I respond, "I don't know." How many times has that been? Is it true or not? "No." (Laughter) They all think that way and only say "No" verbally. That is how they think. They have two eyes and are double-minded…. (Laughter) I am a person who has no guilt before God or people at all. This person is weak in justice. They cannot move in what is right. Instead, they are extremely strong against evil. Stronger than anyone else. I know myself well. I know myself better than anyone else. You all know yourselves well too, right? From that perspective, you….

Look. Westerners are all making a fuss about me, who is an Eastern person. That is why it becomes a problem, and parents are all opposing, saying, "There are greater religious leaders than Reverend Moon, like Billy Graham; how nice it would be if they all went that way!" What is there? (Laughter) If you go to Billy Graham and work 24 hours, he would be bragging, saying, "Oh, my daughter is doing well!" (Laughter) Parents think Billy Graham is greater than me, but you regard me higher than Billy Graham, right? The perspectives are different. (Laughter. Applause) The thoughts are different. So, this all passes and comes back to meet.

Where is the problem? It is about how much the young people of the Unification Church can become greater than the people Billy Graham has. If that happens, everything will be resolved. Can you do that? "Yes." Then America will bend before the whole world. The spiritual world will turn around. The problem is ability and results. This will settle everything. You yourselves stand in such a position and everything…. You are better at English than I am, right?

In that sense, what would happen if you became a young man or woman like me? In three years, I made a fuss all over America…. You all speak well and are all accustomed to life, so if such people go into each state and cause problems, what do you think will happen to America? Will it go badly or well? (Applause) In that sense, if you become brave people who present good events centered on God like Reverend Moon, America will not perish, and the America that represents the democratic world will not perish, so the world will not perish, and the communist world will not become a problem. Are we gathering to do bad things? "No."

Am I making you fundraise to make money? I am doing this to save America and the world. It is different. This is what history looks at and what humanity desires. Even if we all die and disappear, this thought will remain and conquer the world.

How we lay the cornerstone will determine the victory of history and the universe.

Therefore, do not worry that we cannot influence the current world. In the future, whether in 30 years or any historical era, if this thought and this ideology are necessary, the minority ideology of the Unification Church will dominate the world. Even if there are no countries and nothing, here, a country will surely emerge, and a whole ideal world will emerge. Do you think so? "Yes."

There must be a nation with this ideology and thought, and there must be a religion, but currently, there is none. However, the Unification Church is the only one that can say this…. When looking at this world, this is the place of hope, and from God's providence, there is no other place to believe in but this. Do you all think so? "Yes."

We must lay the cornerstone correctly in this position. We must set the standard point well. If we lay the cornerstone correctly, everything will be laid correctly. Considering that how we lay this cornerstone will determine the victory of the universe and the historical victory, the fact that you, who are nothing, are playing a leading role in laying this cornerstone is a fearful fact.

Therefore, we must put our heart into it, see it again and again, and lay it again and again. Because we are immature, we must put in hundreds or thousands of times more effort to achieve results beyond maturity.

In 100 years, 300 years, or 1,000 years, if it is said that this cornerstone is wrong, it will be a big problem. If we correct this, even if other foundations are misaligned, we can manage it centered on this. I always think about that. The issue is how to lay a single cornerstone as an individual, as a family, as a tribe, as a nation. Money is not the issue.
58   Over the Hill of Hope
It’s not about thinking of money. It’s not about power or one’s own honor. It’s not about any kind of authority. Everything is not the issue. The issue is how to lay this cornerstone. From this perspective, I believe that without sacrificing myself and leaving behind the traditional thought that aims for something greater, a new world will not emerge. If that cannot be left behind, it will all come to an end.
Didn’t the country of America and all of you owe a debt to me, a Korean? You are currently indebted. You all…. I initially spent all my own money without using American money. When I first came here in 1972, the people who remained here did not like the teacher coming to work. Everyone…. Your way of thinking and the teacher’s way of thinking are different. After about three years, they realize that what the teacher does is wonderful. Now, I can leave without saying anything.
With God’s cooperation, the Unification Church is developing despite opposition and persecution.
They know that a small group like us can have an impact not only on a national level but also on a global scale. Everyone sees what our Unification Church’s small group is doing globally as a group worthy of historical study. The Communist Party, which occupies one-third of the world, is awakening and saying, “Hey! We need to take all of that out.” They think they need to trample Reverend Moon before trampling America. Why is that? Is it because I am here or not? “No.” 
From God’s perspective, would God like the Communist Party or dislike it? “Dislike.” Then how does God think about Reverend Moon, whom the Communist Party hates the most? “Likes.” This is theoretically true. That’s why God is saying, “Hey, Reverend Moon! Do well! Do well!” and is trying to support me in any way possible. Even if I say I dislike God, God comes to me and helps me. (Applause) Even if the world disappears, even if the Communist Party disappears, God wants to leave this organization behind, and even if the democratic world disappears, He thinks to leave this organization.
If this is true, would God be happy if the established church opposes Reverend Moon? “No.” Do we oppose the established church? We have never done that. We have always been saying, “Let’s hurry and become one. Let’s become one.” Until now, we have been playing that game. This is just a fuss to oppose. Here, we are selling ginseng tea, and they are demonstrating and making a fuss. It’s trivial. It’s at such a low level that it cannot even be compared. Isn’t it funny? (Laughter) They are just followers. (Laughter) Even if you oppose, don’t do such trivial opposition. Theoretically, you should say, “The doctrine of the Unification Church is bad….” It must be doctrinal; this is absolutely…. That cannot last long.
I am someone who knows all the theology of the established church. And I am the one who founded the theology of the Unification Church. So I know the enemy, but the enemy does not know me. Therefore, they are already at a disadvantage. Listening to you, it’s funny to hear what the established church says. It’s utterly childish.
Therefore, to conclude, the established church is all…. Our smart young people were all people who used to believe in Jesus. They all attended the established church. When we take those people out, since they cannot have them, they become jealous and oppose us. Therefore, because the young people of America have become like this, America will move, and because the young people of the world have become like this, the world will follow the teacher of the Unification Church; this is an automatic conclusion. If you look at the established church, it’s all just old people. It’s like a nursing home. That won’t last long, and they will all have to close down. It’s like a nursing home, and if they die, that’s it. So, this is a big problem. That cannot last long. Therefore, it’s pitiful. Then why does the Communist Party do that? Because they are afraid of us.
The number of people supporting such opponents will decrease as history passes, and the number of people supporting us, who are being opposed, will increase as history passes. If God exists, where would He want to support: among those who are collapsing and are so fearful or among our Unification Church, which stands tall? 
Because He wants to support us, we can conclude that the Unification Church has developed despite being opposed and persecuted.
This is the legitimate perspective that God sees, the legitimate perspective that I see, and the legitimate perspective that you see. Since all three perspectives are legitimate, when we move forward from this place, no one can get hurt. That’s why, even amidst persecution, even if we are persecuted, we cannot help but develop under God’s cooperation. Even if I am persecuted, did the members of the Unification Church decrease or increase? “Increased.” When I first came, this room was big, but now it’s narrow, right? How many more people have come? By next year, it will be filled at least ten times. (Applause)
If we have any pride, it is that we have developed while being persecuted, and even if the world dislikes us, God likes us, and all historical spirits cooperate, and in the future, conscientious and true people will support us, and future generations will welcome us all. Because we can have more circles numerically, we can conclude that we will forever be victorious. (Applause)
Let anyone oppose us as much as they want. What if they oppose? Let them oppose and do everything. Once they do what they want, they will not be able to slander us later. That’s why we shouldn’t fight together. If we become greater and more excellent than them, they will naturally…. Would you prefer to make it quickly or wait quietly? “Quickly….” These Americans say, “Eight hours of labor, so just work for eight hours.” But I find 24 hours insufficient. For God, for humanity…. Does God have daytime? Does God have nighttime? Does God say, “It’s night, so I should sleep”? (Laughter) Therefore, the son of God should want to become one with God. When the sun sets, he should think, “Oh, this sunset is not going down; it’s rising towards the morning.” One should be able to think to that extent. Can you all think like that? Have you thought like that?
Is it bad to live for God, for humanity, and for oneself? Is that bad? “No.” Those who criticize and dislike that…. They need to understand that. The teacher has done everything, including what you all do in your fundraising. I have done it all. Because I have done it all, I am making you do it that way. When many people gather, how to concentrate and move them all at once has been thoroughly studied, and I have done a lot of that.
The problem lies within oneself.
Now, knowing that…. Did you all come into the Unification Church well or poorly? “Well.” What do your parents say? Do they say you came in well or poorly? “They say I came in well.” (Laughter) Let’s see a show of hands from those whose parents oppose. Are you better than the old hippies? (Laughter) Our claim is undeniably correct before God, humanity, and history in any position.
The teacher has laid a global foundation while being persecuted for 30 years. Even though they say it’s bad, it has developed. Think about what will happen when we successfully overcome that stage. What will happen to the world? (Laughter) Would you like that time to come or not? “I would like it to come.” Then, would you prefer that time to come naturally or for me to create it? “You should create it.” Who will create it? Should I create it, or will you create it? “We will.” Then I will leave for my home country tomorrow. “No.” Isn’t that right? If you create it, I will not be needed. Since I am not needed, I will not be here. You will all do it.
There are places that need me more than this country, so if there is a country that needs me, I should go there. The sooner the teacher is sent away, the better; the sooner I can go to another country and do this work, the better. The U.S. State Department is trying to drive me out, but I say don’t do that. Even without that, I will go. You all don’t want to see me. (Laughter. Applause) I did not come to America hoping for money, nor did I come to enjoy good cars and houses or American culture. I have more money than the wealthy people in America. I have all those abilities.
62   Over the Hill of Hope
Just like I said earlier, even while being opposed, I am developing…. Do you want to make it possible for people to support us? “Yes.” Then what do you think God will think? Will God think, “Hey, Reverend Moon is suffering like this; I want to save him all at once”? “Yes.” Then it is possible. What about the teacher? Does the teacher want that or not? He would want that, right? “Yes.”
While suffering the same, would you think the teacher would feel good when you are just being kidnapped and going through deprogramming? The teacher does not want that either. I also wish it could happen all at once. The problem lies not with God, nor with the teacher. The problem lies with you. If you do more than God wants and more than the teacher wants, it can happen immediately. If you desire more than the teacher or God, the problem changes.
Why is that? Even if the mother and father say, “I won’t go,” if their beloved son says, “Mom, I’m going,” they will be dragged along. Then they have no choice but to do it. That’s how it goes. But if they do it unwillingly, if they want to, can they not do it? Where does the problem lie? “With us….” With you? “Yes.” That’s right. When you work harder than God and harder than the teacher,…. Shall we try doing that? “Yes.”
So far, we can conclude that our claims are dignified claims that can be supported not only by God but by all of humanity. The more we assert this with our lives on the line, the more it will return with tens of millions of times the value. It is an honor to participate in this work that one has wished for in life just by being born as a human. Do you all agree? “Yes.” Raise your hand if you feel that way. Put your hands down. Now, one act, the first act, is over. (Applause)
Has it been an hour? It’s been an hour and ten minutes. Then is this enough? Should we continue? “Yes.” My throat hurts…. I have been talking for six days straight. Yet, no one shows sympathy. I came in wearing the suit I wore yesterday and have not taken it off even once. (Laughter) With such busyness, I have talked this much; is that not enough? “Yes.” What do you want me to do? Is it polite for you to ask for more, or is it inappropriate? Think about it. “It’s not inappropriate.” (Laughter) Even democratically, I have been completely caught up in it. (Cheers. Applause)
God has worked for 6,000 years to create the Kingdom of God.
Now let’s finish the first act and move on to the second act. Let’s enter with the title “Over the Hill of Hope.”
If we could turn everything we have been persecuted for over the past 30 years upside down and evangelize to the Unification Church amidst the joy of God, the teacher, and you, with the public fully supporting us, wouldn’t it be wonderful to think that we could turn the world around through TV or radio all at once? It would be truly wonderful! How about you? Would you be excited? “Yes.” If I say don’t doze off, will you doze off more, or will you open your eyes? “I will open my eyes.” How exciting is that? It’s indescribable. Is that right? “Yes.”
Then God would feel the same, right? “Yes.” God would also be saying, “Hey, look at that.” and would shout, “Wow!” If He were to shout and rejoice for the first time, His mouth would be wide open, His eyes closed, and He would be drooling…. He would melt away like that. Wouldn’t He? Then would He jump down from heaven to earth or not? Because of that, He would want to grab you all with one hand and hold on without letting go and just take you up. (Laughter. Applause) Is there a time when that can happen? “Yes.” Yes, it can happen. You need to know when that time is.
Human cultural history has gone through 6,000 years, but what God has been doing until now is creating just one Adam. He is raising up the completed Adam. After finding Adam, He then created the world through Adam, right? That’s why Jesus is referred to as the bridegroom…. The term bridegroom and bride comes from here. Because what was created through Adam was lost through Adam, it concludes that it must be found and recreated through Adam. Therefore, we must find the world. That’s how parents come forth. That’s how true parents come forth.
64   Over the Hill of Hope
All of fallen humanity was born through false parents. So, we have fallen ill. We have broken down. Therefore, this must be fixed. This is repentance. It is about repenting, washing away, and making anew as sons. Religion plays that role.
Then what does the Messiah come to do? He must save the world. To save the world, He must start from the individual. If Jesus represents men, He must save women as a man. Here, these two must unite…. Since the two fell in the Garden of Eden, they must restore through indemnity and unite to save humanity.
What must come next? What must be found next? We must find families. There must be sons and daughters. Wouldn’t it feel good for you to see Jesus as a father and His child saying, “Father!”? Would that feel good or bad? “Good.” Then should Jesus get married or not? “He should.” That’s right. Then when Jesus’ grandchildren call Him “Grandfather!”, wouldn’t God feel good? “No.” Would Jesus feel bad? “No.”
It’s the same in the world. If parents have sons and daughters who are older but cannot marry, they cannot sleep. God sent His son to this earth as the Messiah, and seeing that He could not marry until He was thirty-three and could not have children or experience love before returning, would God be happy about that? Would God like a celibate? What does He like? Then it contradicts the theory.
Because God is a parent, Jesus wants His partner, wants sons and daughters, and then wants to form a clan centered on His sons and daughters, and through that clan, He wants to form a nation, and through the nation, He wants to form a world. God must have thought that way. That’s why Jesus is the same. Today, all of humanity also wants to do the same.
My wish is to return to God and become a son or daughter of God with that thought.  
But has the world of God been realized? "No." Is there a kingdom of God? "No." Is this America the kingdom of God? "No." Then is there a company or organization of God? "No." Is the established church today the church that God desires? "No." Then is there a family of God? "No." When asked if there are people of God? They do not know what a true person of God is. They do not know what kind of family God truly desires, what kind of lineage God truly desires, what kind of nation God truly desires. They do not know any of these things.  
So would God want to see such people? "Yes." You must understand that the one who comes as the Messiah represents individuals and families centered on God, represents lineages, represents nations, and comes as a collective entity that encompasses the world. If there were only people who could do as Jesus wished, they could create families, societies, nations, and the world. It could be done in seven years. When what was created in seven days is to be indemnified, it takes seven years. In seven years, everything can be accomplished.  
A religion that can mobilize one hundred percent to save the world is the true religion. That is why the number seven remains in the seven-year tribulation at the end. This is the meaning from which it comes. If Jesus is to prepare to be able to organize and cook everything at once as he wishes, it must be prepared, and that preparation is the Israelite nation. That is for sure, right? "Yes." Therefore, the conclusion is that it must become Judaism, the Israelite nation, which can be done as Jesus wishes. At that time, Jesus will say, "Hey, Jews, come out." and say, "With your wife..." (Recording briefly interrupted)  
Let’s cross the hill of hope.  
"If we are to take responsibility for the world, even if we are poor, let us help each other." What will you do then? What will you do at that time? "Oh! The Messiah and whatever, my husband is good." Can it be like that? "Oh! We are good with each other. Oh! Let them go." Will it be like that? Then what will happen? Can it be like that? "No." Women have become servants, and men have also become servants, so everyone must be grafted in, but that cannot be done all at once. It must be grafted separately. It cannot be done. It must go through that process until it is regenerated again. If that happens...  
Jesus wants to save the world, but you cannot say, "I do not want to save the world." Now, do you want to save the world or hold onto your own position? "The world..." In the end, the saying that your family members are enemies may have this meaning. There is a saying that "There is anger against a nursing woman." What does that mean? It means that the Messiah who is for the nation of Israel is not the Messiah who is for the world. When the nursing woman is for the nation of Israel, she can feed there, but when she sets out for the world, she cannot take the baby with her. That is the problem.  
If only men work and women do not have to cooperate, how long will it take to save the world? That is why the conclusion comes that both men and women should work together. Wouldn't Jesus think that way to save the world? Would he or wouldn’t he? That is why he says, "Leave your family, leave your husband, leave your children, and step forward to save the world." Is that a bad command or a good command? "It is a good command." After saving the world, the people of the world will bring your sons and daughters to places of glory.  
That is why those who are loyal to the nation should become loyal subjects of God. Why? Because the fact that they have left their homes, left their wives, left their children, and invested everything there becomes important material for establishing a tradition in that world. In that way, would God and Jesus want to quickly save this world or not? "They would want to."  
Look. Now, let’s think about why it is good to do that. A person dies in a hundred years. If one person dies among a hundred people each year, that means one percent dies. Then, if there are 220 million Americans, how many die each year? "2.2 million." Then, the 2.2 million people who die in a year go to hell. How many die among 4 billion people? "40 million." That means 40 million die. It means that the citizens of a country like Korea go to hell all at once.  
When looking at that, would God want to stop it as soon as possible, no matter what sacrifice it takes? "He would want to." What about my wife? Because of one wife, because of my children, this problem... The whole world must be saved quickly, but what are children? In God's view, would he want to mobilize women and grandmothers to save even one? Would he want to save or not? He wants to mobilize the whole.  
That is why among religions, the one that can mobilize one hundred percent is the true religion. It means leaving everything behind, clearing everything, and being mobilized one hundred percent. We must think that the will of God's providence is in a state of emergency and that we are in an emergency.  
But can you believe in God and love God and say, "I don't know"? God has that thought, but the religious leaders of the world say, "Let’s just do it moderately." That is the enemy. You guys! If an emergency comes and a command is given to mobilize the Unification Church, can you mobilize one hundred percent? That is what we are thinking about. Can you mobilize? "Yes."  
That is why we have been training like this until now. Blessed families in Korea had to leave everything, whether children, husbands, or wives, for three years starting from 1970 for the sake of the will. It was a total mobilization. At that time, the world said that Reverend Moon was destroying families. When viewed from God's side, would he say, "Hey! Reverend Moon will be punished"? Would he say, "Good job, Reverend Moon"? What is it? Answer me. "Good job..." Right? But it is understandable, right?  
What is sacrificed for God will surely be repaid with something better.  
"You know the saying, 'Those who want to die will live, and those who want to live will die,' right?" Jesus said that. It applies to individuals and families. If you want to sacrifice your family, the family will live, and if you want to save the family, the family will die; it is the same. Why did the Jews perish? When they said they would die for Jesus, they would live, but they worked from the perspective of wanting to live, so they perished. That is a historical fact. Do you understand that? "Yes." Will the Unification Church create a faction that wants to die for God's emergency or a faction that wants to live? "A faction that wants to die." If you want to die, you will live; if you want to live, you will perish. It is the same. Would you like to die? Would you like to die together? "Yes." You must have the mindset that you can offer everything, even your one and only precious life, absolutely for God without any reason. That is how I have lived. This is the thought of Reverend Moon. I have left my parents, my siblings, and my wife and children. Instead, I have made my parents and relatives suffer more and pushed them into the position of sacrifice. If I had said I did not want that, what would have happened? Would I have to go for the sake of the emergency and leave that behind, or would I have to hold onto it and not go? What should I do? "You must go." Cut the relation! Did you fight? "Yes." I have practiced such things.  
Because Seongjin's mother opposed it, the divorce occurred in the middle. Since she did not follow... Would I leave the world or my wife? I would leave my wife for the sake of the world. I am a person who has practiced that. I am a person who has practiced that. But I never thought of divorce even in my dreams. Including my parents, my whole family was made up of established church members, and they did that. The established church voluntarily destroyed our family.  
Still, I fulfilled all my responsibilities as a husband... I have nothing to feel guilty about. God said, "Even if you leave your wife, you must save the world," and I did so according to God's command. I know well that God goes out that way. Is that not so? For the sake of God's will, Abraham had to offer Isaac as a sacrifice. For the sake of the will, even a wife must be willing to be sacrificed and say, "Kill her." That is what a wife should do. Instead, I must separate... Such things must be done through principles...  
The person called the teacher was someone who was prepared to leave everything for the sake of the will, including parents, family, and nation. Moreover, he must love the members of the Unification Church and love the nation more than he loves his wife and children; this is the way of God. In fact, he loved the members of the Unification Church more than his own parents and his own family. Why is that? Because he knows the traditional fact that God sacrificed his sons and daughters to save the people of this satanic world. I have come to know that will and have become the son of that Father, so I must follow that tradition and inherit it.  
When I do that, I have known that everything will be returned to me many times better. It is truly strange. I feel many strange things. If I have a beloved friend, they are surely taken to the spirit world. Among the friends who knew me in the past, all the close ones have been taken to the spirit world. It is all about cutting off the paths. It is about completely cutting off those emotional ties... Many friends, many people have gone ahead because of me. And among my brothers, the one who loved me the most and tried to honor me has also been taken. Why did that happen? I learned later that God did that because he was afraid I would be emotionally drawn.  
So I felt the loneliness of being alone, and in that lonely place, I sought God, and as I see this will gradually being fulfilled, it is truly strange. Wherever I go, such people, such types of people come in first and are evangelized. Truly, "Isn't that person that person?" It is to the extent that it can be misunderstood. People who are exactly the same in speech and expression, astonishing people come in. When I experience it, it is not that everything is taken away but that God can feel that he will repay with something better.  
If you sacrifice your family for God, he will find something greater than that family, and if you sacrifice your nation and everything, he will find something greater than that. Today, why is there a movement among the youth of the world, young men and women, who say, "Reverend Moon! Reverend Moon!" and vow to risk their lives? It is because I think that I will repay what has been done thousands of millions of times better, globally. This is not something I made. It is not something I did. It is something God did.  
The reason God cooperates with us  
The fact that Reverend Moon, who had nothing and lived in the mountains of Korea, has come to the land of America, the center of the world, and is presenting hopeful issues is not something Reverend Moon is doing. Sometimes when I go out to get in the car, whether it is a black person or a white person, they all follow me. Why is that person doing that? It seems like something is happening. They run without even knowing it. If I run, they will unconsciously follow. When they run and realize, "I ran here," it is a frightening thought. That is how it happens. Why is that?  
What a person can do, the President of the United States can do, and all the pastors of churches in America can do. The one thing those people cannot do... They cannot go the way that God wants in God's emergency, but I am willing to make all sacrifices to fulfill that in God's emergency. That is what makes it different. Because of this, it cannot be helped. The President of the United States or some famous pastor or the Pope may be in a comfortable position, but in God's emergency, Reverend Moon has a history of shedding tears in secret and struggling alone deeply in heart, saying, "There is no one else to take responsibility for this." That is the only thing. If the great leaders of America or religious leaders had the same heart as the teacher, America would not be like this. Then the children could not be unfilial before their parents, organizations could not rebel against their leaders, and the people could not disobey their president.  
That is why the Unification Church is different; it is to live under such thoughts and such a flow. The goal is to make the Unification Church a religion that can mobilize one hundred percent of all sacrifices in God's emergency. Can you mobilize one hundred percent for the Unification Church? "Yes." Do you think so? "Yes." I, Reverend Moon, have no night. If God commands, night is not a problem. Sleep is not a problem. Rest is not a problem. Life and death are not a problem. That is why the more tired and isolated I am, the more I think, "When God's command comes at this time, my destiny will be decided." That is my thought. Therefore, I wait for God's heavenly mandate more than I wait for food, more than I wait for leisure, more than I have any desires of the world. This is always my thought. No matter who opposes it, I will go, and only after I fulfill what God commanded will I deal with my enemies; before that, I have no time to fight with enemies. That is how I think. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."  
Because I have that attitude of heart, God cooperates with me and supports my path. If he does not cooperate, his will cannot be fulfilled. If you do that, there will be no problem. I see no problem in saving America or the world. If you become comfortable and sleep, you will feel guilty in your conscience after sleeping comfortably. After eating well, you will feel guilty in your conscience. This is how I live.  
Let’s take responsibility for God's emergency era and create one world.  
How about you? Can you mobilize at any time when a mobilization order is given in God's emergency? "Yes." If during World War II, when the nation declared a state of emergency and called for soldiers, someone said, "I have a wife and parents, so I will not go," what would have happened? That nation would perish. That household would perish. So even if there is a wife and sick parents, must you leave them behind and go or not? "You must leave them behind and go." It is the same.
It's an urgent time where heaven and earth are in turmoil, and when there is a command from God, we must go directly. We must lead the way. When our parents say not to go, should we listen to that? "No." The teacher's sister loved the teacher so much that when she was young, she must have said, "Oppa, please don't do that and let's live together in our house," countless times. If that had happened, would the Unification Church have come about today? "No." The teacher's wife also said, "Please, let's live happily together..." My Seongjin's mother says that there is no man in the world except for me. She thinks that Seongjin's father is the best in the world. Even now, she believes that Seongjin's father is an undeniable person. However, if the teacher had heard her say, "Let's live well together," what would have happened? Would the Unification Church have survived?

Because I have experienced many hardships in that world, I know well how difficult it is to break away from such things. My mother loved me so much, my siblings thought of me that way, and Seongjin's mother loved me so much, but because I have come this far for the sake of the country and the world rather than for them, such events have occurred. Nevertheless, I have not perished. Those who opposed me are not doing well, but I have rather developed. That is because God protects me, and I cannot help but be so.

So, is Reverend Moon a successful person now or a failed person? "He is a successful person." He is a person who has succeeded in his generation. Did Jesus have the influence of 120 nations at that time? Which religious leader accomplished such things in their lifetime? They did not. When we think about the unprecedented state of emergency centered on God's will in history, that state of emergency is right now. It is right now.

As you know, the democratic world is collapsing. Christianity has completely fallen. Then, the threat of communism sweeps in. God wants to defend this democratic world and Christianity and seeks a way to prepare for communism, wanting to restore it and lead it into the world of God's will.

Having gone through such an environment, the teacher thought that even when the nation and everyone opposed him, he had to take responsibility for the state of emergency centered on God's will and fulfill the hope for God's individual. Personally... On the foundation of that victory, he thought he had to represent this world as a family and overcome all enemies victoriously.

Now! Then we move on to the tribal level. That must be done on the foundation of a victorious family. For that, if the teacher himself had a family, the family must also be sacrificed. The family itself must be sacrificed. This way, we must liberate the tribe. You members of the Unification Church have become a global clan. This must become the foundation of a nation. We must sacrifice this to create a nation.

Then, we must create a standard to show all people that this is the way to live happily, so that all nations can become like that and unite the world. When the world becomes such a nation, this...

In the first generation, the teacher fought to win centered on the individual, and all the satanic forces of the world and all individuals attacked him. He fought through that. Then the family will also be like that. Our Unification Church family is centered on the tribal realm, and the tribe will be completely opposed. We must fight through that and connect the nation to the world.

The year 1976 is the time when Christianity's history transitions to a dimension centered on spirit and flesh.

Let’s cross the hill of hope.
On June 7, 1975, we held a national world conference at Yeouido Plaza, and at this time, the Republic of Korea is crossing over spiritually and physically. You learn about the restoration through indemnity here. Because Jesus failed in the fight centered on spirit and flesh in the nation of Israel, we must find a nation that can fulfill God's will. Thus, we must find what was lost, centered on spirit and flesh, and finally, we must restore Jesus, and we must re-establish the nation of Israel that was lost to fulfill God's will. The time that could happen was June 7 of this year.

And I crossed over to America, and from now on, what must be done? This victorious foundation... America, centered on Christianity, is the central nation of the spiritual world, but if we do not lay a physical national foundation, we cannot go according to the spiritual world standard. Therefore, we must build a bridge and connect the physical national standard to the spiritual Christian world, creating an atmosphere that can influence the global situation both spiritually and physically. Thus, we must overcome a hill in America or the free world. Then a global situation centered on spirit and flesh will be formed.

Jesus, during his time, tried to move the nation centered on spirit and flesh for three years but failed. In this era, as a Christian nation, centered on America, which is a spiritual nation like the first Israel, we must create a global situation centered on spirit and flesh over three years. That is the period of 1975, 76, and 77. Therefore, the history of America, which will be 200 years next year, is seen as the final period of indemnity for the 2000 years of history.

This 200-year period is a preparatory history to welcome the Lord who can indemnify all that was wrong in the historical age. It is also a nation that has been created. The second year of this three-year period is next year. Do you understand? Just as the victory of the Madison Square Garden event created a foundation to connect the victorious national standard centered on spirit and flesh to Korea, the day we conclude the Yankee Stadium event victoriously will determine the foundation to connect it to America itself. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."

Christianity is a religion centered on Jesus. If Adam is called the first Adam, Jesus is the second Adam. Just as the second Adam decides the life and death of all things, centered on America, which is the civilization of Christianity... Our third seven-year course is a global course that transcends nations, so it aligns with the second year, 1976.

Therefore, next year, 1976, is both the 200th year of American history and the time when the 2000 years of Christian history transitions to the realm of spirit and flesh. The spiritual Christian world is now transitioning to a new dimension centered on spirit and flesh. The time has come to represent the world and transition.

Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

On the day we achieve victory centered on the Yankee Stadium event, everything that has been noisy in America until now will be completely removed, and the opposing factions will be completely... What has been said until now about Reverend Moon being bad is similar to trying to kill Jesus. So they are making a fuss about trying to kill Reverend Moon. However, Reverend Moon is not going to a place where he will be killed like Jesus was by the Jewish people and the nation of Israel. He is not being pushed into an environment where he could be killed in America. On the day we achieve victory at the Yankee Stadium event, we can firmly plant the flag of victory.

When Christianity started, it should have begun from the victorious foundation centered on spirit and flesh, starting from the living Jesus. However, because Jesus died, it only started spiritually. Therefore, the 200-year history of America, formed through the 2000 years of Christian civilization, can transition to a new world connected to the purpose of the physical Jesus Christ. The historical time to do this is next year. We must clearly understand that the standard we have set is the Yankee Stadium event, which bears the responsibility for this fight of whether we can fulfill this historical mission or not.

Where was the place like Rome in the time of Jesus? Today, if we look at the Unification Church founded by Reverend Moon, who was born in Korea, America is in exactly the same position as Rome. Jesus, who was born in the nation of Israel, should have entered the Roman Empire and planted the flag of victory over Rome, but because he could not do that, Christianity has suffered a miserable history for 400 years.

We know this. Likewise, today we come to America, which is like Rome, and we must plant the flag of victory and decide to move the American empire, just like Rome, toward the world. This is the significance of the Yankee Stadium event. (Cheers and applause)

From this perspective, this is the final battle centered on God's 6000-year providence. And whether Judaism and the nation of Israel can unite with Jesus will determine whether our Unification Church, America, and Christianity can unite. This is the gateway to open. (Applause) If we achieve victory here, it will establish a new historical origin similar to that of Jesus entering Rome without dying and proclaiming the dominion of the world. (Applause)

The historical significance of the Yankee Stadium event.
Next year, the president of the United States will be the 40th president. If we do not act centered on this 40th, it will be delayed for three more generations. Therefore, the Unification Church must work both internally and externally to combine the 200 years with the 40th and present a patriotic movement under the title "God Bless America Festival" at the Yankee Stadium event. This will be a historical origin that can determine whether America lives or dies. (Applause)

God has walked the path of suffering for 6000 years, through historical periods of hundreds of thousands of years, due to the fall of the human ancestors, Adam and Eve. We must understand that having such a day in America is a historical event. Since the day Jesus, as the Son of God, hung on the cross, shedding blood and dying without fulfilling the purpose of saving all humanity, he has longed for the day of victory, the day when he could establish a nation that fulfills his wishes and liberates God. That day is connected to the Yankee Stadium event. (Applause)

Not only that, but through the path of martyrdom, where Christianity has been persecuted for 2000 years, we have developed to the global stage, and the prophets and ancestors who have longed for the day of God's restoration, the day of Jesus' restoration, and our restoration, will meet that day, which is the day of the Yankee Stadium event. (Applause)

We must understand that the day of the Yankee Stadium event is the day that can determine the fulfillment of the wishes of God centered on Jesus, and of God, the teacher, and the members of the Unification Church. (Applause) Moreover, we must realize that the day of the Yankee Stadium event is the day that opens the door for the poor people of the world, who are confused and do not know where to go, to find God and a new direction to become citizens of heaven. (Applause)

Now, whether Reverend Moon succeeds or fails at the Yankee Stadium event has cosmic significance. Therefore, this is a life-and-death struggle involving God, Jesus Christ, Christianity, and all of humanity, including the Unification Church and its leader. It is a life-and-death struggle. Because Satan knows this, he attacks us through the media in America and those who oppose us in America. I know that the day I have longed for since I was young is coming next June.

Now! The coming day will be a very joyful event, but if we do not achieve victory, it will be a very miserable day. Therefore, that day is both a joyful day and a fearful day. The question is whether I will stand on the podium and plant the flag of victory or the flag of defeat. If I plant the flag of defeat, a miserable scene will unfold before humanity and the Unification Church. If that happens, I will not be able to face God. Furthermore, if that happens, not only you but all spirits in the spiritual world and all religions in the world will be swept away by the winds of communist invasion, and at some point, this world will become a wasteland, and all existing religions will disappear. They will all be trampled by the communists.

Before 1980, America will also turn upside down. Knowing this, we have taken on the historical responsibility centered on the Yankee Stadium event. The day we successfully conclude the Yankee Stadium event, we will also successfully conclude the Washington event in the fall of next year. (Applause) If we conclude the Washington event with more than 500,000 people gathered, it will become a significant issue in American history.

Once the Yankee Stadium event and the Washington event are over, the world will be before us. Then, all the thoughtful people in America will have no choice but to study Reverend Moon. Can they not study? Think about it. "That person is a foreigner, and even though he cannot speak English, he has had interpreters and has swept through the center of the world, New York, from Madison Square Garden to Yankee Stadium and Washington in an instant. What power did he use?" Not only that, "Where did he get the money to do such things?" When considering that there is a new direction economically here, anyone who wants to make money will have to study.

Moreover, among politicians, "If I could move such an organization, I could become the president of the United States. I wish I had the power of someone like Reverend Moon," they will have to study as well.

Then, all the many religious leaders in America will completely suffer defeat and eventually realize that the God Reverend Moon believes in is different from the God they believe in. Because God is with him, he can do such things; if Satan were with him, he could not do such things. Our God has not been able to do such things until now, but the God centered on Reverend Moon is special, and there must be a new work of God here that they cannot deny. Then, those who oppose will all come in. So, even if they attack from the front, behind the scenes... They oppose because everyone else does, but in their hearts, they are pleased.

You know America well, but I see America as a country without a master. They say democracy means the people of America are the masters, right? So, do you have the qualifications to be a master? None of you can be masters. There is no master. You cannot even be the master of yourselves. Can you? You are just being dragged along by the wind. If communism is good, you go that way; if hippies are good, you go that way. You are all a herd that comes and goes all at once.

You, who cannot be masters, gather and say you are the masters of this country? Do you think such Americans can manage this country and lead it to an eternal ideal world? That is why there is no master.
Yes. That's right, America is a country without a master. To become a master, one must first be a master of oneself, then a master of the family, a master of the nation, and a master of the world. Additionally, one must have an ideology that can lead the world. When such a person emerges, I believe that person will become the master, and no one else can be the master. Don't you think so? "Yes."

Look. These American youths have tried everything. They've been hippies, tried free sex, and done all sorts of things, but they are not satisfied and have all hit a wall, resulting in a state of paralysis. Their eyes are the only thing that are alive. Their eyes are alive. They are living corpses, living corpses. Families are falling apart, youths are becoming drug addicts, churches are all crumbling, and there is the threat of communism. What will happen then? It has become a complete mess.

Look. What does it mean that New York, the central city of America, is on the brink of collapse? Why are those people unable to take responsibility and end up like this? It is a matter for everyone to think about. When New York falls, there is no hope for America itself. If the citizens of New York would just listen to me, I could restore everything within three years. (Applause)

Given this situation, people are asking, "Is there nothing new? Is there no way forward?" University professors have looked everywhere, religious figures have looked everywhere, established churches have looked everywhere, even Billy Graham... but in the end, there is nothing substantial. In the midst of this, Reverend Moon has become so famous and controversial that people from the East are curious about what kind of person he is... When they find it appealing, they will flock here all at once. They have nowhere else to go, so they come this way. (Applause)

Haven't you all come here despite your opposition? If there were a "Yes!" at the Yankee Stadium event or the Washington event, and a global wind of excitement blew through, would people flock here or not? Where would the young people go? Think about it. If the American people are armed with the ideology of the Unification Church centered around God, the world could be completely transformed in an instant, within three years. Then our Unification Church could easily support and sustain the people of the world.

Let’s take an example. Imagine if I were to donate about one billion dollars to each country. The foreign ministers of each country would come to our East Garden and line up to say, "The ideology of the Unification Church is good, please Reverend Moon, help us create citizens like that." Then it would be simple. If we train the ministers of that country, it would transform in no time... After that, they would all want economic aid from each other. (Applause) Just a week of training would surely change their minds. (Cheers) Do you know? "Yes." Is it done forcibly? Is it done against their will, or do they willingly change? "They willingly change."

If you think about this, on the day of the Yankee Stadium event and the Washington event, the world will come to us. If that happens, I could just sit here and make a phone call to a senator saying, "Come to New York's East Garden. Let's meet." Would they come or not? Think about it. "They will come." They have money, they have the strength of the youth, and they have a foundation that can move the nation and the world all at once... That is necessary. When we look at this, we must realize how fortunate we are to have met someone like Reverend Moon in this world. "We are fortunate." No, we are not, are we? "No, we are not." Sound is good, but the mind is not so, right? (Laughter) "No, it is not."

Let us welcome the new resolution of 1976.
God and humanity must be liberated. After that, it doesn't matter if we die. That is the purpose of the teacher's life and the mission received from heaven, and after fulfilling that mission, I have no desire to live longer on this earth. Even now, the teacher is ready to give his life... I could have as many guns as I want. Even if I have to shoot first...

Recently, I investigated some people. After surveying the entire dark side of New York, I found that for just $170, one could easily have someone killed. There are also many youths who have become mentally ill due to drug use. In such a situation, think about how dangerous it is to lead young people into trouble.

From now on, communists will manipulate to eliminate the Unification Church, and they will send in experts from Russian communism, and various vicious factions will come here to create internal divisions. I expect many such people to come. Just like the reporter from the Daily News who came here and spied for three days, they can do it as they please. There are no restrictions here because it is all open.

So how dangerous will it be? In my lifetime, feeling this kind of threat to my life in America, fighting with my life on the line is both the first and last time. Why must it be so? Because this fight on American soil, such as the Yankee Stadium event and the Washington event, is God's wish, Jesus' wish, humanity's wish, and the wish of ancestors who have come and gone in the past, as well as the wish of future descendants. All the wishes converge here, so if we do not make a judgment here, we cannot avoid participating in this endeavor.

Everyone, just like today's title, "Let us overcome the peak of hope," that peak is the Yankee Stadium event. Just as the Principle teaches, the Madison Square Garden event is the revival, and this Yankee Stadium event is the second peak, and this is the most difficult time. The third peak will be crossed without any problems.

Jesus was also crowded and crucified in the second year. If Jesus had crossed this second year, he would not have died on the cross. The same goes for the Unification Church. Since the Yankee Stadium event is the second peak, when we cross this day, everything will be overcome. Thus, we will move into a new world. As we face this serious historical final gateway, we must now be strong and courageous. We must be strong and courageous.

Therefore, we should not just sit but advance. This moment is God's emergency, Jesus Christ's emergency, the emergency of the martyrs of long historical eras, and even in terms of the global situation of human history, it is an emergency. We have realized that everything is at stake in this emergency. Therefore, as men and women born into this world, we must recognize that we are the heavenly warriors who stand in place of the ancestors of humanity, the present humanity, and the future descendants, proclaiming victory.

Today is the last day of 1975. At this moment, when we can settle the victories of the past, we must resolve to not wait until the new year of 1976 to make our resolutions, but to resolve from now, so that we can welcome the coming 1976. If we do not do this, we will not connect the three years. Thus, this is the last day to connect the three years of revival, growth, and completion.

In 1976, we must determine the historical destiny of America. America has represented the destiny of the world, and today the Unification Church stands representing the destiny of America, so we must resolve to make 1976 a year of victory. Regardless of the reasons, we must mobilize without exception. We must mobilize 100% and, as a body, become the flesh that plants the flag of victory.

We must declare this vow, this resolution, before God and the entire universe. We must pledge that through us, everything will bring forth results that can praise victory.

The harder it is, the greater the joy we feel after overcoming the peak. Therefore, we must break through and achieve victory. Everyone, those who can do this should raise their hands and pledge. Thus, I hope that we can boldly overcome the peak of hope and become victors who can forever praise victory in God's embrace. (Applause)

Realization of Heaven through Children
<Prayer> Beloved Father, the historic year of 1975 has just passed. Now, a new history has begun, and we must advance to sing the song of victory in 1976.

Father, reflecting back, you have searched many countries to find one nation. After laboring for 4,000 years to find Israel and sending Jesus Christ to this earth, you were unable to fulfill your desired will, and we recall the historical sorrow you have borne, the depth of your misery and grief.

From there, as Christian civilization turned toward the West, carrying the mission of the spiritual world, how many good people and your children have paid the price of blood until it reached the new Asia and the American continent? We cannot help but deeply reflect on this. Before the fruits of this Western civilization, you made the land of Korea, a corner of Asia, bear the history of indemnity through a long historical process, and in the midst of that, you allowed this insignificant child, who knows nothing, to be born in Korea and have passed 56 years until now.

In the midst of that, when I recall how you have made me bear the labor of heaven for over 30 years with a heart full of purpose, I feel ashamed.

On January 1, 1976 (Thursday), at the Belvedere Training Center (Sutaek-ri).
* This message is also published in <Words> No. 181.

You wished to bless the nation and embrace the church as a new nation in the world, but due to the fact that the church and the people of that nation could not unite according to your will, the world has divided into two worlds, and Christianity spread throughout the world has been groaning in misery, and all of humanity is not receiving love within your will but is suffering from the attacks of enemies.

In order to settle this repeated sorrow, this child has crossed through Korea and Japan, fighting against the path of struggle for 30 years, and has landed here. Now, from this place, I have inherited the foundation of spiritual victory and established the foundation of physical victory together with Korea, and I am engaged in the struggle with the American continent centered around the three years from 1975 to 1977, so Father, please be with us here.

The central mission is the fulfillment of your will. We have come to know that you have a will to realize a new heaven on earth, and we are undertaking this mission, so I earnestly hope and wish that all victories achieved in Asia in 1975 can be newly completed here in America in 1976.

We are aware that we are in a solemn time when we must make a historical judgment centered around the place called Yankee Stadium, so may 1976 be blessed in your name, and may it become a year of reverence, remembrance, and commemoration in your nation.

From now on, for the next five months, we pledge and vow to gather all our sincerity to build the tower of victory for this year, establishing a historical foundation where you can reign and walk among us, so we earnestly hope that you will entrust this to us in faith. We believe and know that we will surely achieve victory, so we earnestly hope that you will fulfill it as you wish.

Thus, let us drive all of America, and all free nations of the world, forward into the world of your victory until the Washington event. This Yankee Stadium event is an important historical moment to lay such a foundation, so Father, I earnestly hope that you will personally oversee this.

On this new day, this morning, the young children have gathered here at Belvedere once again, binding their hearts before you and pledging to achieve victory in the remaining struggle, reaffirming their resolve and mental preparedness. May all of this be in accordance with your will, and may it surely bring about the results of victory.

Thus, may the new nation that heaven sought to establish on this earth take root, bridging the civilizations of Asia and the West, and may the entire world be transferred into a world where you can reign with your sovereignty.

We pledge that we will fulfill your will as you wish. We are well aware of the heavy responsibility we bear, knowing that without us, this will cannot be completed. We resolve on this new day, new morning, to devote all our sincerity to ensure the results of victory, so we earnestly ask that you make this an opportunity to proclaim victory over all spirit world and all creation.

Now, as we embark on 1976, may everything we do for 365 days move in accordance with your will, and may this year be a historic turning point that brings about the results of your victory.

As we honor this day and time, all the families in Korea, Japan, and here in America will bow their heads and celebrate, so may you bless us in joy, and may 1976 be a year where the door to eternal life is opened wide, allowing us to testify to your presence with your power. We earnestly hope that from 1976, a history can begin that removes the sorrowful past and allows us to praise joy, happiness, and glory.

Please bless all those present here, and also be with all the members of Unification who could not attend, especially the missionaries spread across 120 countries.

May 1976 truly be a year of victory, and I earnestly ask this, offering all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen.
<Words> 1976 has just begun. As you know, this year is an important year. It is a year given by heaven and earth, and we know that it poses significant challenges that must be resolved regarding all historical issues today. I will share this year’s slogan with you. "Realization of Heaven through Children," this is the slogan we have established.

The realization of heaven is impossible without fulfilling human responsibility.
You know that since the fall of our human ancestors, God's will has not been fulfilled. For this reason, heaven has not been realized on earth. The responsibility for the failure to realize this heaven lies not with God but with humanity. In other words, because Adam and Eve, as God's children, failed to fulfill their responsibilities, this failure has resulted in the responsibility falling upon the children standing before their parents.

Due to the fall, we have become a fallen family, a fallen nation, and a fallen world. God has begun the work of salvation to reclaim this fallen world. We have learned that the work of salvation is the work of restoration, and the work of restoration is the work of recreation. What is the purpose of this work of restoration? It is to realize a new heaven. 

Because the people of Adam and Eve, who were to become children, fell, they could not become children.
Because of the people, it is necessary to find this again. The question is why the Almighty God, the omniscient and omnipotent God, who has been working through a long history, has not been able to realize the heaven on earth that He desires. If God had acted freely, He could have resolved everything in an instant. However, since the fall was not caused by God but by humans, the responsibility remains with humanity. Without fulfilling that responsibility, the realization of the heaven that God desires is impossible.

Therefore, religion is about taking humanity, which has been scattered across the world, and restoring it through historical eras to create a foundation where God's sons and daughters can fulfill their mission. By establishing Judaism as the central religion, God sends the Messiah, the perfected Adam. Who will realize heaven? It becomes clear that without a perfected Adamic being coming forth to fulfill their responsibility, the realization of heaven is impossible.

The Messiah must appear equipped with both spirit and flesh to complete the mission of the sons. If Judaism and the Israelite people had welcomed Jesus as the Messiah and united absolutely, then not only the bride that Jesus sought but also families, tribes, and even the nation itself would have been formed. However, the Israelite people did not accept Jesus as the Messiah. As you know, they believed that when the Messiah, who represented the Israelite people, came, Judaism and the Israelite people would dominate the world. They thought their nation would be in a position to control everything in the world. In other words, the Israelite people believed that the Messiah came because of them. However, God sent the Messiah among the Israelite people to seek the world through them.

Ultimately, Israel should have welcomed the Messiah from a position that transcends their own nation to serve the world, but instead, they tried to welcome the Messiah from a position that denied the world, focusing only on their own nation. This led to a significant misunderstanding that prevented the Messiah from fulfilling His mission.

As a result, what happened when Jesus died on the cross? The spiritual and physical foundations on earth, which were the church and the nation, were completely lost. Consequently, Christianity was betrayed and oppressed by Judaism and the Israelite people and had no choice but to start from Rome. What was the mission of the Christianity that began like that? It was not to carry forth a global ideology centered on spirit and flesh but to start toward a spiritual Christian nation while losing the external, physical, and national aspects.

Jesus, who left such a foundation, said He would return. He taught that He must come again. Thus, passing through Rome, through England, to America... At this point, nearly 2,000 years later, America has emerged as a spiritual representative nation, standing in the position of a spiritual second nation.

From this perspective, Christianity is now longing for the Lord who is coming again. Christians around the world believe that the Messiah came only for Christianity. No, the Messiah is coming again to fulfill God's will to save all humanity through Christianity. The belief that He came only for Christianity is exactly the same as the faith concept held by the first Israel when Jesus Christ came.

So, what is the purpose of the Messiah's coming? He comes to reclaim the physical foundation of mission that was lost due to being invaded by Satan, and also to complete the original purpose of saving all humanity. Therefore, the Messiah will not appear spiritually as Christians believe today. If Jesus Christ is the second Adam, then the returning Messiah must appear as a third Adam, equipped to fulfill the mission of the sons that failed before God.

Since Christianity itself is based on spirituality, it cannot save all humanity with just that. To realize the earthly paradise that God desires, the Messiah, representing both spirit and flesh, must manifest on a national foundation that represents both.

The Lord comes to teach humans the secret to overcoming Satan. The established church believes that the Messiah will shake the world with power and will judge and eliminate all those who oppose Christianity and do not align with His will in an instant.

Originally, God's judgment did not exist at the time of creation. It arose because of the fall. In other words, it was caused by Satan. Therefore, God cannot engage in the act of killing His beloved sons and daughters. If there is a way to forgive and escape from Satan, He will take that path as much as possible. The concept of judgment exists because of Satan, not because of those who oppose Christianity or do not believe, and it is not something that will only be faced at the end.

In other words, if a person living on this earth becomes stronger than Satan, there is no need for judgment. When humans are led astray and entangled by Satan's wisdom or schemes, and there seems to be no hope, judgment occurs to remove and deal with Satan. Therefore, if humans are taught only the way to overcome Satan, the world can pass without judgment.

Then what is the purpose of the Lord's coming? He lost to Satan in the Garden of Eden. He was led astray by Satan. Therefore, it is necessary to have the ability to subdue this and escape from Satan. That is why the Lord who is coming will bring both internal and external secrets to overcome Satan, and if taught to anyone, they can freely subdue the world of Satan and liberate themselves. We can conclude that the Messiah must come to create such people.

Christianity does not understand that the Lord comes with such a mission, which is why they cannot believe. This disbelief in Christianity has led to the emergence of a new Unification Church. This path began in Korea 30 years ago. The original starting point of the Unification Church was the Christian community in Korea. At that time, Korea was not independent. If Christianity had united while Korea was not independent, it would have been possible to achieve the independence of a physical nation centered on spiritual Christianity.

The prominent figures of Korean Christianity gathered to unify all the ministers led by Dr. Syngman Rhee and, within three years, achieved the independence of the nation. They formed a nation.

If at that time, the Republic of Korea had joined hands with the teacher and prepared for three years, they would have been able to establish a new national standard centered on spirit and flesh right away. In other words, just as the first Israel should have established itself as a heavenly foundation with national sovereignty at the time of Jesus, by laying the foundation three years later, it would have transitioned into a new era capable of advancing into the world. However, just as the Israelite people opposed Jesus by uniting with Judaism, Christianity's opposition has led the Unification Church to become a pitiful group today.

Just as Jesus had to go to the Roman Empire, the nation of the enemy, to find the lost foundation due to His death on the cross, the Unification Church today, facing opposition from the nation, finds itself in a destiny where it must go to the global enemy state of communism to reclaim what was lost. It is destined to fight even to the end against the ultimate enemy world.

Because all twelve disciples stood in a position of denial when Jesus died on the cross, they were all scattered, and it is necessary to restore what was lost in that state of being alone in prison. It must be found in prison. Therefore, the teacher, by establishing the condition of finding the standard of more than twelve people centered on three people in prison, was able to find the way to return, which is why he entered South Korea.

What you need to understand here is that God puts forth all His effort for the providence of salvation. The communist world does not recognize religion or God. When entering the prison of that communist world, God introduced the teacher directly from the very bottom of that prison through revelation or inspiration, allowing him to carry out a unification movement. (The recording briefly cuts off)

Thus, in 1960, while being slandered and unable to establish a foothold in the midst of the tumultuous Republic of Korea, the teacher laid the foundation through great hardships and finally had the family that God desired. This became a historical new beginning.

In the second seven-year course, the positions of Cain and Abel must be reversed. The opposing Christianity is not an enemy; they are brothers. They are in a position like the eleven brothers before Joseph. Although Christianity tries to eliminate Reverend Moon by any means, ultimately, they will be punished, while the Unification Church will be blessed like Joseph.

By entering South Korea and starting from a position like a different nation, the Unification Church will walk the path of ascent while Christianity will retreat entirely. Ultimately, just as Joseph became the prime minister in the world of enemies, the Unification Church will lay a new foundation of power that can influence the economy and all fields, while Christianity will be driven into a situation where pastors will eventually sell the most valuable items and supplies from their churches. This illustrates the results of the historical and providential relationship between Joseph and his brothers.

Although Christianity is the hometown where the teacher should live, he left that hometown to create an external Unification Church. This foundation will grow stronger, while the Christian hometown will face famine and find itself in a position where it must come to the Unification Church with outstretched hands.

The Unification Church completed the organization of families centered on God in the first seven-year course and is now moving toward the organization of nations in the second seven-year course, while Christianity is going through a path of decline. Christianity, which once moved the world, never imagined it would end up like this in just 14 years. They did not know that Christianity would decline like this in 14 years. They do not understand why Christianity, which has been persecuted for 2,000 years and has walked a path of development even in difficult times, is now declining in just 14 years.

If the first seven-year course symbolizes Adam, the second seven-year course corresponds to the Christian world. Therefore, before the Christian world meets the third seven-year course, it must surrender and follow the world centered on heaven's will. Until now, Cain has acted as the elder brother due to the fall, but in the restoration era, the positions of Cain and Abel must be reversed centered on the second seven-year course. Abel must enter a time when he acts as the elder brother.

Thus, having crossed this new peak centered on the limit of the second seven-year course, Cain and Abel have been reversed. From both spiritual and physical perspectives, even when looking at the nations or other religions in the elder brother position, the Unification Church has already subdued everything in the Republic of Korea. Therefore, it is not a matter of being in the younger brother position but rather transitioning into a time when they can treat them as younger brothers from the elder brother position.

To globally indemnify what has been invaded by the nation is the third seven-year course. The Unification Church has become the elder brother, but it cannot do so with just the national standard. It must establish a foundation that can subdue the elder brother Cain as Abel, centered on spirit and flesh, and be able to govern from the elder brother position. Therefore, since Western civilization is Christian civilization, the Unification Church has worked for three years in the United States, the center of Western Christian civilization, and has combined the results of victory there to surpass it.

Because Christianity opposed and attacked, the Unification Church faced opposition in the Republic of Korea, the center of global Christianity... Those who strike heaven will perish. Although they attacked based on national standards, the standards of American Christianity, which is the global standard, remain, allowing for indemnification. To indemnify what was invaded by the nation, our Unification Church today has launched an offensive against the United States, the center of global Christianity. That was the third seven-year course.

Thus, at the end of 1974, such victories... In other words, the conditions established in the United States, the global foundation of Western society, that is, the spiritual victory achieved through spiritual attacks, were connected to lay the foundation for national victory.

Now the issue is to restore a nation centered on spirit and flesh. The path to the spiritual world has already been paved as a foundation of victory. Therefore, finally, the teacher appeared publicly in Korea on January 16, 1975, and gathered all the high-ranking people and the most renowned figures to launch an attack from there. It was a real attack. During the attack, the important representatives of the nation gathered to welcome Reverend Moon. This was similar to the conditions that Jesus had to find when He was welcomed by the highest standards of the nation after going through three years of suffering.

Then, centered on the Blessing Ceremony, the Unification Church turned the nation upside down. Although there was opposition from Japan and the West, they followed along. This was a marriage proclamation ceremony held by Reverend Moon, gathering young men and women from around the world who would seek the higher world to come.

The happiest time for humans is the day they get married. Reverend Moon governs the marriage, which is regarded as the most precious pursuit of happiness by young people worldwide. What is the fall? It is when marriages were held centered on Satan instead of God. Therefore, marriages must be conducted in the name of God. That marriage is a historical marriage, not a national one. It transcends the nation and is a marriage from a position that surpasses the world of Satan. It goes beyond the world of Satan. That is why the whole world is astonished.

What will this lead to? Centered on the Day of Hope event... Look, why are Western people brought to Korea by the international task force? Because they inherit the spiritual foundation of Western civilization, they must cross over to the physical foundation of Korea, centered on that spiritual foundation. By coming together in Korea, the foundation of Western civilization connects to Asian civilization. The spiritual and physical foundations meet in the same place through the international task force.

What do they do when they come to Korea? They will protect the nation if anything happens. It was just right. It was exactly right. When their hearts united and they rose up against the world of public interest, it was the first time in history that day occurred. As a result, the Korean government was astonished and could not help but support Reverend Moon, while the established church found itself cornered and struggling.
It's done. And the entire population of Korea now believes that "Reverend Moon and the Unification Church, as the established churches have said until now, are the ones who can save the nation, and the one who has worked hard for the country until now is Teacher Moon." This image has completely taken hold. That is why I possess a global foundation that the Korean government does not have. This is recognized by both myself and others.

With this, I raised the flag of victory and truly turned everything upside down. Holding that flag of victory, I returned to this land of America on July 1, 1975. This is how I made a fresh start. Because Teacher has represented the Asian civilization in Korea and laid the foundation for a victorious decisive blow, now, when we cross this one hill in the Western society, in 1976, on the day we surpass this third standard, America will also establish a foundation centered on spirit and flesh. This is Teacher's perspective.

Until now, the spiritual world has not been united between the Western and Eastern spiritual realms. Western saints and Eastern saints could not come together. They were divided. It was impossible. East and West were separated, and that is why… However, Teacher came to America and was able to take spirits who believed in Christianity back to Korea, and could gather sons and daughters who believed in Christianity and take them to Korea. This means that Western spirits can go to Korea, to the East. They are taken spiritually, but also in reality, through the International Mobile Corps. The International Mobile Corps went to Asia, but they themselves did not realize that they had a vast and tremendous mission, both spiritually and physically. Only after hearing Teacher's words did they realize… (laughter) Do you understand? "Yes." Thus, the foundation for becoming one spiritually and physically has been decisively laid in Korea, so next comes America, and from the Yankee Stadium event to the Washington event, victory is assured. Why is that? Because we have laid the foundation to mobilize the spiritual world to engage with the physical world. We have now become able to mobilize the spiritual realm and the angelic world to participate in the physical world at any time.

96   Realizing Heaven Through Children
Know that the spiritual world is fully mobilized and do not rest; keep pace.
Even if just one spirit is brought in, is Yankee Stadium a problem? Even if all the American people gather, it would not be enough… Will the spiritual world be 220 million? Instead, who has to be the guide? We have to be. You are to be the guides. We just need to guide. "Left lane, this way! Right lane, this way!" That is all we need to do. (Applause) Therefore, we need to have the guiding baton, the traffic lights, or the signal flags leading to Yankee Stadium.

Will you go? "Yes." Do you know where you need to stand, what you need to do? You still do not know. Even if the world shakes and the earth is turned upside down, you must go and do it, even if it means dying. After the East and West emerged, after the history of the fall, a new historical emergency centered on the Kingdom of Heaven is finally unfolding. Therefore, when they gather, everyone must guide them. That is all you need to do. Will you do it? "Yes."

When the nearly 8 million citizens of New York realize that Teacher is holding a feast of infinite blessings at the historically significant Yankee Stadium, they will be shocked. In that sense, it was good that they did not know. If they had known, there would have been a stampede, and only the strong would remain while the weak would not survive. (laughter) Only the bad and the strong would remain. That is why it is better not to know. So, spread the word gently. (laughter)

"I declare before you, representing the spiritual and physical worlds, that receiving this ticket that grants blessings not found in the world will bring blessings, but not receiving it will lead to ruin." You must understand that this is a ticket with such significance. Because this one ticket holds the crucial meaning that determines life and death in New York, if you do not receive it, you will be punished, and if you welcome it, you will receive blessings. Then, if someone opposes you, it will be frightening, and when you try to receive this, it will be good, and such events will unfold. Therefore, you must advance boldly with the confidence and determination of the heavenly ambassador with full authority, just like the archangels who have come to fulfill the heavenly mission.

If there are those who oppose, give them a look. Then they will be bent without realizing it. Always keep in mind… "If I do not receive this ticket, three generations are at stake. Your ancestors, the current people, and your descendants are all at stake." You must think this way. If you believe Teacher's words and think like this, it will happen.

If the ancestors of the spiritual world are fully mobilized and see descendants who do not receive the ticket, they will just push forward. They will be frightened without knowing it, and when they try to receive it, good circumstances will unfold without them realizing it. If their descendants oppose, their ancestors will be implicated. So, it becomes a big deal. That is why they teach in dreams and act in advance. This is the action that is taking place now.

When Teacher was about to leave Korea, he told the Korean family, "Now that all indemnity has been paid, you must believe in God, understand this will, and pray in the name of the True Parents, and it will come to pass." You cannot imagine how many spiritual events unfolded. Illnesses were healed, and all sorts of things happened. This is happening in both the East and the West. So, on this trip, I am trying to bring those spirits back. Now, "Let's move!" So, I briefly went to Korea. (Applause)

You are not alone. You are absolutely not alone. A vast multitude of spirits, tens of thousands, are trying to cooperate behind you. Therefore, you must connect with every nation of the world, every person in the world, with that belief. If possible, you must reach out to many nations. This is true in America; there are many ethnic groups. On that day, everything will intertwine. During this period centered on the Yankee Stadium event, know that the spiritual world is fully mobilized and is following you tirelessly, and you must prepare the conditions to keep pace without resting. You just need to hold the staff.

Even in dreams, do not be shaken until the Yankee Stadium event. 
98   Realizing Heaven Through Children
And when climbing a ladder, do you want to climb a ladder like this, at more than 90 degrees? You should have the mindset to climb a ladder at 130 degrees. The higher, the better; if possible, go upside down at 180 degrees. Go in reverse, I mean. Up to 90 degrees, you climb the ladder. But when it reaches 180 degrees, you must go upside down, with your legs above you and your hands and feet like this. (laughter) On such days, heaven will come down in abundance. When that happens, you will perform miracles. When you say "Stop!" to those going, their legs will stick. Such things will happen. When you enter that realm, it will happen. It will.

Create a good issue in New York City.
Teacher knows this, so he heads straight to Yankee Stadium. Teacher goes straight. Spiritually speaking, Yankee Stadium is packed; there is no room. There is no room, and they are all upside down, clinging to each other. Spiritually, they are all stuck upside down. Why? Because they must establish the condition of having attended. It is all packed, so even the restrooms are full. (laughter) They even have to go to the restroom. If they enter the restroom, that counts as attendance. It becomes intense. Furthermore, people will sit even on the paths they walk. You will guide them, and they will come early and sit down. No matter how proud and unyielding the American people are, if the spiritual world pushes, they will be pushed. (Applause)

So, create a good issue in New York City. It is a good issue, not an evil one. Therefore, you must think that there are eyes here too. (demonstrating with actions) Wherever you go, there are eyes beside you, and you must return to Yankee Stadium. When you say, "Let's go together," you will turn around like this. You will turn around and go. If you do that, the Yankee Stadium event will be overflowing. This is already decisive. (cheers and applause)

Kamiyama and Neil should not think, "Oh, I should have a comfortable sleep from this evening. Oh, how nice. Teacher said so, so I believe it will be like that and go to sleep." This is not about sleeping. (laughter) You can sleep, but while breathing, you should be pulling and shaking Yankee Stadium with your breath. When you stretch your legs while sleeping, it feels like you are touching the walls of Yankee Stadium, and when you pull it, it feels like Yankee Stadium is being drawn in. You should have that feeling while sleeping. If you do that, you can sleep as much as you want. That is what you should do. Then, everything will be resolved.

I know this, so I am at ease and hopeful, even while taking responsibility for this unprecedented battle in history where the world is in turmoil. Otherwise, I would wither away. Today, from Belvedere, I declare a new declaration for Yankee Stadium. The second Yankee Stadium, then Washington, and then we will step into the world. Anywhere, anywhere. Then Moscow… (Applause, cheers) After that, there will be nowhere left to go. Moscow is the last. Once we press down on Washington, we must go to Moscow next. Isn’t that the end?

If it rains in New York today, do not think, "Why is it raining instead of snowing?" Instead, think, "Right, it’s good that it rains. This is a blessing." Think like that. "It’s been raining well since dawn." Think like that. Snow is wrong because it flies away. Rain falls. Rain is a symbol of grace; externally, it is the rain of grace, and internally, it is the proclamation of Teacher's spiritual grace. (Cheers, applause) We are flying over Yankee Stadium and crossing into Washington. We are going gracefully. Where is next? Next, we enter into God's heart. (Applause)

Until yesterday, Teacher bore a heavy burden for you, but today, he has lifted it all off. After this, you must run. You must run joyfully. You should feel that too. You have already set conditions in the mental world through indemnity, and now you are being liberated this morning.

Therefore, from now on, when you eat, think that you are gathering the bones and flesh of those coming to Yankee Stadium, and that you are eating what the spirits could not eat and what your descendants could not eat. Think that you have gathered such blood and flesh, and if they want to receive rations, they must come to me. You must think this way while eating. Do you understand the meaning of this? "Yes."

If you are not better than Satan, you will fall into conditions of accusation.
So do not let your heart be disturbed. Even when you are in this historical battlefield, do not walk like this. (walking) Take a bigger step than before, even if it’s just one step. When you speak, you should say a little more than before, and when you get heated, you should get even more heated. Everything must be like that. You must be kinder to people than before. In everything, do a little more. Why? Because as a warrior representing heaven and earth in this battle, you must be better to avoid falling into conditions of accusation before Satan. If you are not better, you will fall into conditions. Those who speak quickly should speak even faster… (laughter) You must be better in everything.

That does not mean to spend a long time in the restroom. It means to be brief. That is what it means. Should you eat a lot or a little? Should you eat one spoonful more or not? It does not mean to sleep more. Should you sweat more or less? Usually, you would blink your eyes like this… (laughter) You will know without explanation.

Yesterday, 1975, and today, 1976, are different. Fundamentally different. You just need to do this. So, even when you go to the theater to watch a movie, if you see exciting or thrilling scenes, you should be able to shout with excitement. It is different. It is different, so the time at Madison Square Garden and the time at Yankee Stadium are different. No problem. Yankee Stadium will make a leap in development compared to Madison Square Garden. (Applause) On that day, it will not be a problem to mobilize hundreds of thousands at the Yankee Stadium event.

If you have nothing to do, do not sleep or play; even rummaging through a trash can is better. That is still good. Rummaging through a trash can is better. It means you should do something. Even while sleeping, do not just sleep; you should dance with your legs. (laughter) It must be different. Everything must be different. Those who cannot sing should sing. If that happens, the Yankee Stadium event will surely be overflowing, just as Teacher said.

The mission of the Unification Church is to liberate the spiritual world and the physical world.
The difference in how much you have changed compared to 1975 will determine whether the Yankee Stadium event will be overflowing or not. If it becomes overflowing, people will hear rumors in advance that they cannot attend, and they will want to watch the broadcast of Reverend Moon's Yankee Stadium event through TV or radio. (Cheers and applause)

If it becomes so that from the day before, it is packed, and on the day of the event, it becomes impossible to hold the event, we will not spend a penny; they will all compete to broadcast it themselves. Do you understand? You must change. The spiritual world is also trying to act differently along with Teacher's words, so it is only natural and theoretical that you must create relative standards. Will you do that? "Yes." Teacher understands that. From now on, you will all do well, so Teacher will appear on the podium the day before the Yankee Stadium event. In fact, if that happens, it will happen.

Teacher has done many things that the world cannot believe until now. Isn’t that right? "Reverend Moon is a mysterious person." Now, if we fill Yankee Stadium in an instant, people will say, "Oh, another one? Strange." and they will be left speechless. After that, if it happens in Washington, even the President of the United States will start asking about Reverend Moon. They will ask about this and that. Is it worth asking or not? Go ahead and answer. Since Reverend Moon is doing what even the President of the United States cannot do, wouldn’t they want to know the secret? Don’t you want to know? If that happens, if I take them around for just a week, I am confident I can make them a President who listens to me. (Applause) Historically, having such a spiritual victorious foundation that can be deemed valid in the real world through historical perspectives and factual and theoretical results is an astonishing fact.

Now, if we do this, and if we do the same at the Moscow event, then you will not need to evangelize. You do not need to evangelize. Even ambassadors will…
This will all come with just a phone call. It will inevitably be that way. When Reverend Moon goes somewhere, when he visits a hotel, the president of that country will call and send secretaries to arrange a meeting. Do you think that will happen? "Yes." You may not know this, but the president of that country and those who lead the nation all know it. 

So, have you changed or not? "We have changed." What time is it now? Is it night or morning? "It’s morning." Is it daytime or morning? "It’s daytime." You have answered well, and that makes me feel good. You must change. Night is also called day. In places like Korea, there are curfews, which is a problem, but in America, there is no curfew for 24 hours. And do you want to lie down and sleep? Or do you have to sleep standing up or sitting down? You must change. When you laugh, if you laughed like ‘Hee hee hee,’ then you should laugh like ‘Uh-huh….’ You must change. In the past, if you walked around with your fists clenched, now you should walk with them open. But don’t do it too strangely. Don’t do it like this. You must change.

When you look at New Yorkers, they all just stare at the ground. You should not just look at the ground. Did you know that New Yorkers only look at the ground? You probably don’t know, right? Because when it’s rush hour, everyone walks and they don’t want to be stepped on, so they just look at the ground. (Laughter) What’s the big deal about stepping on your foot? You’re wearing socks and shoes. Do you want to change from today? Have you changed? "Yes." (Laughter)

The mission of our Unification Church is to liberate the spirit world and to liberate the earthly world. You are warriors and pioneers who follow that heavenly will. If we talk about bombs, it’s an atomic bomb. It’s an atomic bomb. It breaks everything at once. The cannon I made is an atomic cannon.

To realize heaven, we must change in every aspect. Today’s title is ‘Building Heaven through Children, Realizing Heaven.’ So what must happen? You cannot be the children of the past. You must change completely. 

The day you change completely from this morning, the realization of a new realm of heaven will come one step closer. Therefore, heaven is not realized because of God, but because of the sons and daughters. If Adam and Eve had absolutely believed in God, they would have become God’s children. However, because Adam and Eve could not absolutely believe in God’s word, they became the children of Satan. They fell.

So what kind of sons and daughters should we be at this time? We must be sons and daughters who absolutely believe in God’s word. That’s what it means. Therefore, when you absolutely believe in the words of the teacher as God’s words, you become God’s children. So what the teacher presents this morning is that you must change in every aspect. You must change.

Until yesterday, you could not be God’s sons and daughters, but from today, by becoming God’s sons and daughters, a new world will be realized here. It is possible to build heaven in the realm of actual life. Ultimately, what it means is that because the world of Satan and the world of heaven are fundamentally different, heaven is realized by creating a different world. You from 1975 and you from 1976 are fundamentally different. Fundamentally different.

So do you think that if you do this for the new God, a new heaven will come out? Do you think it will definitely happen? "Yes." It will definitely happen. What the Messiah wants to teach is exactly this. You must change 180 degrees. You must change 180 degrees. Ladies, even if you study, it’s not about ‘studying so I can get married well.’ It should be ‘I study to find a husband who can lead the nation and to save the country.’ That’s how it should be. You must change your thinking like this. Even if you earn money, it’s not for yourself. It’s about how much you can spend for the country and the world, for God. Even if you sweat, you should sweat for the country. You must sweat for humanity and God.

The Messiah is not a special person. You must understand that. The one who brings a way of life that is 180 degrees different from this evil world is the Messiah. If you turn 180 degrees, you can also fulfill the mission of the Messiah. That’s why, through God’s sons and daughters, it is possible to realize heaven. This is theoretically correct.

Women grow their nails long, but I will see whether our Unification Church members are growing them or cutting them. And they style their hair like this…. (Laughter) There’s no time for that. Why do our Unification Church members cut their hair short? When hippies have long hair, it takes time to wash it, they run out of soap, and it doesn’t dry well, which makes them uncomfortable, so they cut it short. How convenient is that? Do you like wearing a tie or not? Is it comfortable or uncomfortable? If it’s uncomfortable, then just throw it away. What is this, dressing like this? Just wear a shirt and go. That’s how you change. Everything changes. Men can wear mini skirts too. If that becomes a trend, the world will all do that. If the world’s people dress like this, then we will dress like this too. Do you understand? Women carry handbags and go shopping, but we don’t do that. Everything is different. Would that be bad or good? Think about it. Heaven is not a big deal. So understand it like that….

What the Messiah does is make you change. Every year, this year changes, next year changes, and if you change for about three years, you will be completely different. Do you understand that? "Yes." It is true that heaven is realized through the Messiah, but because I learned how to realize heaven from the Messiah, it concludes that I can work to realize heaven. You have turned 360 degrees. If you turn around and go back to where you were before, that’s it, but you are raising your dimension and going higher. You are going up in a spiral. If that happens, what will happen? Will it become heaven or not? "It will."

Today is different from tomorrow, and tomorrow is different from the day after tomorrow. You must change little by little. The teacher has been living that kind of life until now. I am still doing that. Even if I climb a mountain and you start climbing first and I climb last, I will still be first. If I take one step, two steps, three steps, you may go this far, but I go higher. I go three steps higher. That’s how I win.

Even when I go to the restroom, I sit there for one hour, two hours, or three hours. That’s different too. What do I do? I study the wall. ‘Wall, how miserable you are! When people come in here, they just glare at you like this? I look at you poetically while smiling.’ I can spend as much time as I want like that. That kind of life is necessary. Sometimes I talk like this, and sometimes I think about how things are…. I think that kind of thinking is necessary. Do you understand what I’m saying? "Yes."

If it has been ten years since you started believing in the Unification Church, you must have changed as much as those ten years. Those who have not changed are worse than Satan. They are worse. Even Satan studies different methods of God’s will to change, but if you just stay in one place, aren’t you worse than Satan? How much have you changed? You understand it in your heart now, right? "Yes." If that’s the case, from now on, 1976 will definitely unfold as the era of heaven’s realization in your lives.

If you have become the sons and daughters of True Parents, you must be like True Parents. Since you have been marked as the sons and daughters of True Parents centered on the teacher, have you thought about that? ‘Reverend Moon is a tough and strong man.’ Have you thought that? I have been persecuted for 30 years, but I have not budged. Not at all. When persecution comes, I just leap over it. Thus, I can shorten thousands of years of history. I dig up the root of the mistakes made by Adam and Eve, the root of the mistakes made by Jesus, and the roots of all the failures of Christianity, and I block and sew up the holes so that God can wear them.

If you have become the sons and daughters of the teacher who inherited that tradition, you must be like the teacher. If you are born as a tiger cub, you must be a tiger cub, not a kitten. So, will you become a tiger cub? "Yes." ‘When the time comes, I will also become like Reverend Moon. I will take care of the week centered on that week, take care of America, and take care of the world. I will let my brothers and sisters rest and do it alone on their behalf.’ You must be able to do that. Do we have money or not? I don’t have money in my wallet right now. So what will I do? "Fundraising…." Will you just live by fundraising? You can’t do it, so you’re doing that.

What if we get the government’s approval and have a mint? (Laughter) Then we need to have the president’s privilege. Then it will work. What we are doing now is, so to speak, printing money at the mint and using it. We must use it as much as we need. That’s what we are doing. We can use it as much as we want. So to get there, we can’t do it, so we are doing fundraising as a means. Fundraising is, fundraising is a means to draw a fuse…. Korea is the fuse now. So whatever the teacher asks you to do, can you complain or not? Where’s your answer? "No." Why? Because you are all changing. (Laughter) You must change.

Will we fail by doing that, or will we prosper? "We will prosper." No matter how much you pray to God to fail, it cannot fail. Who is it now? Even if there are kidnappings against Reverend Moon, the more that happens, the more we will prosper; there will absolutely be no retreat. (Applause) If you have the confidence to kidnap all the American people, then go ahead and try. You can’t do it. So no matter what, we will win. The teacher does not worry.

Wherever I go, I have been trained a lot in prison. I am not afraid of anything. What is there to be afraid of? The only thing I fear is not being able to do God’s work magnificently in God’s name. Why be afraid? God is with me; why should I be afraid? Is God less than the President of the United States? "No." What is there to be afraid of? Everything that hits me breaks apart. Have that determination. If you hit me thinking I will go in, I will come out and the person will fall. Is that right? "Yes." Then we will definitely be able to build heaven with our own hands.

Let’s conclude. As God’s true children, as sons and daughters who have qualified to fulfill in place of Adam and Eve, if you change every day and continue to advance in that direction, heaven will be realized. Those who live their lives like that will definitely enter the kingdom of heaven. Isn’t that so? "Yes." The teacher will go to the top of the opposing established church pastors. He will enter a higher spirit world than that of the kings of any country who opposed him.

Even if I go into prison, endure torture, and fall into a place of death, if I overcome and come out of there, I will be different from yesterday. I will become stronger. Even if more severe torture is inflicted the next day, I will become even stronger…. So how strong is that person? On the first day of the lunar new year of 1976, I give you a gift: the most precious gift in being able to possess heaven is that you must change. You must change.

If that happens, heaven will definitely be realized because of you. It is possible to practice on this earth, using my body and living in this flesh, the heaven that God could not realize for 6,000 years. This is a natural conclusion. Isn’t that so? "Yes." The longer the time, the wider the scope will be, and if you do it from your youthful years until you die, it can reach the ends of the world.

Knowing that this is a mysterious place, you must innovate your attitude toward life starting today, 1976. Those who will do that, let’s raise both hands and swear before God. Your hands, your bodies, and your hearts are holy. They are holy. Even if you stood on the side of sin until yesterday, from now on, you must change. Everything must change. Should good things change too? "No." Only bad things must change.

I hope you will do that. If you set this as your lifelong goal in 1976, you will definitely receive blessings, you will definitely succeed, and you will definitely become important members of the Unification Church that heaven believes in. You have become God’s daughters and God’s sons, so the realization of heaven is undoubtedly certain. This is the conclusion. It is not that lightning falls from the sky or fire falls. You must create heaven in your life.

Now, let’s do that in 1976. Then we will be able to win the Yankee Stadium event and the Washington event. History will change. That’s where I wish for blessings in your 1976 and future lives, hoping for God’s protection and guidance to be with you, and I will conclude today’s message.

* 
The 9th God’s Day Message
As you know, today marks the 9th God’s Day. Among the people living on this earth today, I believe that our Unification Church is probably the only organization that commemorates God’s Day. This event is the most important event in our Unification Church’s annual events, and today is the commemorative day of this God’s Day.

The Process of Establishing ‘God’s Day’
Originally, if humanity’s ancestors had not fallen, God’s Day would have simultaneously become Parents’ Day, Children’s Day, Family Day, National Day, and World Day. However, because of the fall, we must go through the process of restoring everything back to its original standard. That’s why Parents’ Day was established, Children’s Day was established, and All Things Day was established, and finally, God’s Day was set.

When creating heaven and earth, it was based on seven stages and the number seven. Therefore, centered on seven years, after three stages, once 21 years have passed, Adam and Eve will be blessed centered on God’s love, and as a result, all days will be victoriously established. Thus, in place of the whole, we must divide it into three parts of seven years each and match it all at once to the number seven.

January 1, 1976 (Thursday), Belvedere Training Center (Sutaek-ri).
* This message is also published in the February 1976 issue of <Unification World>.

Therefore, in our Unification Church, what did we do in the first seven-year course? We established Parents’ Day, established Children’s Day, and established All Things Day. After this was completed, we established God’s Day on the first day of the lunar new year in 1968. Just before humanity’s ancestors fell, the standard to connect with God along with all things centered around the family was established as our Unification Church completed the first seven-year course, and based on the first day of 1968, we started the new second seven-year course.
The Day of God has been established.  
The Development of the Unification Church After the Establishment of the 'Day of God'  
Since the establishment of the Day of God, the Unification Church has been expanding towards the era of nation formation centered around the second seven-year course. This period of development, which has expanded the Day of God established on a familial foundation, has allowed us to rise to the level of a national fortune standard along with the formation of a global tribe, concluding by 1974. Therefore, from 1968 to 1971, our Unification Church in Korea must break through to the highest position in both ideological and religious aspects based on spiritual standards. Ultimately, under God's direct guidance, our Unification Church is developing into a global stage.  
By 1971, in Korea, the term 'Unification Church' should be synonymous with religion, and 'Unification Church ideology' should be the standard for ideology. Because we have laid a foundation that can far exceed national standards, we aimed to connect the year 1972 from national standards to global standards. This was an operation aimed at the United States.  
The victorious results centered around the three years in America are connected to the victorious foundation in Korea, and we are now in the second year stage of the third seven-year course, which can advance onto the world stage. Today, the second year of the process to establish a global spiritual standard is 1976. This marks the ninth occurrence since the Day of God was established. When we reach the tenth occurrence, the three years of the third seven-year course will conclude. Thus, until the year 1981 of the third seven-year course, the world will gradually transition into God's dominion.  
Originally, if the Day of God and the Day of Family or the Day of Tribe had been established, it would have been the end. However, because the evil world has family, tribe, nation, and global realms, we must go beyond this. Families or nations centered on God must unite completely, leading to the establishment of liberation on earth, resulting in the completion of a heavenly kingdom on earth, where the Day of God, the Day of Parents, the Day of Children, and the Day of All Things will be fulfilled.  
Therefore, when we look at the entire world, both the left and right, the communist world and the democratic world are falling into a state of decline. The world is being swept into a state of chaos that no one can manage. Furthermore, many religious communities are also collapsing. When we see this, what will happen to the Unification Church? The Unification Church will rise on the path of development.  
As we return to a 2000-year cycle, from Adam to Jacob is 2000 years, from Jacob to Jesus is another 2000 years, and from Jesus to now is another 2000 years, thus forming the third cycle. From this perspective, the 2000-year period of Christianity in the third cycle has spiritually and physically indemnified through the 200-year history of America. In other words, this has been established as a year to celebrate the founding of America. American Christianity is a new religion. If the Catholic Church represents the old church, America is a growing new church nation. This must be understood. Therefore, the Christianity that can stand in the completion stage in the future is the Unification Church.  
The mission of the Unification Church is to absorb the democratic world and suppress the communist world. It is a group prepared to lead the new religion centered around America and global Christianity into God's kingdom at a new level. Without this group, it is impossible. American Christianity corresponds to a global growing level. Today, in the Unification Church itself, if we can revive national standards, grow to global standards, and complete the standard that unifies the entire communist world, then America will correspond to that growing level.  
The democratic world is the Christian cultural sphere. The communist world is the satanic cultural sphere. The mission of our Unification Church today is to form a unified cultural sphere by combining these two. The goal of the Unification Church is to absorb the democratic world. Absorbing the democratic world and suppressing the communist world is the mission of the Unification Church.  
The communist world, representing the satanic world, is the Cain-like world, while the democratic world, representing Jesus Christ, stands in the position of Adam, thus Abel-like. In other words, the cultural sphere of the fallen archangel is the communist world, while the cultural sphere standing in the position of the unfallen is the democratic world. The democratic world stands in the position of the Adam-type. The fallen archangel type is the communist world, while the position of the unfallen spiritual standard is the democratic world. Therefore, it is not enough to have only spiritual standards. Thus, when the Lord of the Second Advent comes and completes the physical standards to unite spirit and flesh, the result will be that Adam and Eve will stand on a global foundation, and the satanic world will naturally submit. Because it is the position of the archangel.  
Therefore, the Unification Church aims to connect the physical foundation to the Christian cultural sphere to create a unified Adamic cultural sphere standing on a global foundation centered on spirit and flesh. When this happens, the archangel itself must submit. No matter how much it shakes, it cannot resist. That is the principle. Ultimately, when the democratic world and the Unification Church become one, the communist party will not be a problem. Do you understand? "Yes."  
Therefore, our Unification Church must suppress the communist world. We must become a global leader. That is why the communist party hates the Unification Church the most. Is that so, or not? "That's right." The responsibility to pull the democratic world, which is falling into the communist world, out of that pit lies with the Unification Church. As you know, the democratic world is collapsing. It is collapsing. Along with it, Christianity is also collapsing.  
Who will save it? President Ford of the United States? No, he cannot save it. Any leader of the American church? The Pope cannot save Christianity. The Unification Church must save it. Do you have that confidence? "Yes." In any case, it must be so. Think about it. If Christianity opens its doors, we could absorb the entire world in less than seven years. We would absorb it in an instant. Do you think that is possible? "Yes."  
The Unification Church's View on Marriage  
Young people, you who did not listen to anyone and ran out of church and did not listen to your teachers, you are here. Nowadays, they say you are brainwashed, but what kind of brainwashing? Those who wouldn't sit for even 30 minutes are sitting here for five or six hours with blank eyes; this is madness. There are chairs in brick houses, yet you don't go even when the bell rings to come quickly, sitting here in the rain... What is this?  
You could not come here. You could sleep comfortably at home... Why are you all gathered here despite the clear path of hardship? (Laughter) That shows you have changed. And when I look at you, there are not many old people; most of you are in your 20s. So, the biggest troublemakers in America, the biggest troublemakers in the world, are you. You are the ones. You are the ones who have become unable to listen to anyone.  
In Eden, Adam and Eve did not listen to anyone, not even God's words. You are such groups. Because it has become the end time to bear fruit as their descendants, you do not listen to anyone. That time has come. What did you do? Advocating free sex was the fall in the Garden of Eden. What the archangel and Eve did was free sex. What was sown has now borne fruit in the world.  
In places like America, young men and women fall into depravity under the shade of trees. They bear fruit. They have made a mess of things. What is a person? The value of a person is less than that of an animal. What is love? Love is said to be the same as the love of animals for mere physical satisfaction. Humans have made a mess of things to the point where they cannot return to God.  
However, God is alive. He sends the Messiah to this earth out of compassion for such humanity. So, what will He make happen on this earth? By presenting a model of personhood, He will establish the order of love and, at the same time, establish the order of family, nation, and world, creating one world within the realm of salvation. You must understand that the one sent for this purpose is the Messiah.  
The Unification Church is touching what no one else can touch and is recreating it. When this becomes possible, the world will unite, and the evil satanic world can be transformed into the heavenly kingdom. Is that possible? "Yes."  
Then, Unification Church young men and women should not be swayed by any man or woman who comes to entice them. In the Garden of Eden, the archangel enticed Eve, and Eve enticed Adam. Because they were caught up in that, the order of personhood and love was shattered. Therefore, unless you become a decisive being who says, "Ah, I will not be shattered," you cannot return to the heavenly kingdom. Do you have that confidence? "Yes." Therefore, you must cut off all the partners you loved. That is how it must be.  
Today, it is strange that America has allowed young men and women to find their partners. It is a Christian cultural sphere, yet they are engaging in games that are absolutely not permitted in the Bible. It is strange. I believe this has happened due to materialism and the invasion of satanic liberalism and satanic-partisan liberal thought. (The recording briefly cuts out)  
But why are you not going? Your parents found their partners when they were 20 years old, but since that is the trend in America, why are you not doing the same? You are making a fuss about not doing it. (Laughter)  
Why are we not doing it? Why are we not doing it? We cannot engage in the games that Satan played. Love must be inherited from God and parents when marrying. The advocacy of free marriage is due to the fall. Therefore, unless we fundamentally uproot this, we cannot return to the heavenly kingdom. We cannot establish God's kingdom.  
In the Unification Church, if you say, "Do you want to marry freely, or do you want the teacher to arrange your marriage?" then the principle is that it is set that way. That is the original standard in the Garden of Eden. Your parents who gave birth to you do not know this. So, you inevitably abandon your parents and come here. You are trying to return.  
From that perspective, you must indemnify the fact that young people have not served God with all their hearts and minds. What is it when your parents collude with some groups to kidnap you? That is something that cannot be forgiven in the spiritual world. When you are trying to return to the heavenly kingdom, being forcibly taken away is even worse. You must understand that. Many of you in America, when Christmas and the end of the year come, will all say they want to go back home, but you must know that that home is a tiger trap.  
Ted Patrick is using the Unification Church and using the names of your good parents and you to make money. Can you forgive that? If your parents collude with Ted Patrick to kidnap you, that will remain as a stain on your family. It will forever be a stain on your family. If, during the history of persecution of the Unification Church, your parents collude with Ted Patrick to kidnap you and take you into the world, that name of those parents will remain. It will forever be a stain on your lineage. When you think of that, going back home is not the problem. From that position, if you are for your parents and your tribe, you conclude that it is better not to go.  
However, once the Yankee Stadium event and the Washington event pass, such things will not happen. You cannot be at home. If you want to go, you can go after that time. At that time, when you go home, your parents will not have to be forced to go; they will say, "Let's go, let's go." It will turn around. Therefore, "You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your might." This is the time. This is the time to fulfill that biblical word.  
At what level should such games be played? Among the youth, or among older people? It should be among the youth and young people. Why? Because the fall was committed by young people. Young people must indemnify the fact that they could not serve God purely with all their hearts and minds. That is what our young people must do. Are you old or young? Young? "Young." Young! Therefore, you must do it. You must do it.  
Devoting all your sincerity to God in your youth is more valuable. In walking this path, you must go absolutely, even if your parents pull you back, even if your teacher says not to go, even if your nation says not to go. You must go even if the world opposes you. You must give your heart, your soul, and your loyalty. If your parents say, "We have a lot of money at home; don't do fundraising, and we will give you tens of thousands of dollars," would you go? "No." "It would be a big deal to give that money to the church; you shouldn't give it to Reverend Moon." You are saying this. That money, even if it is hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars, is less valuable than the ten dollars you earn in a week. Thus, what you can freely offer before heaven is more valuable.  
Because we know this, when we need money, we do fundraising, and when we need people, we evangelize. So, we dislike money that is donated. We reject it. We believe that creating money through our sweat and blood is more valuable than that money.  
When the fall happened in the Garden of Eden, it was said, "Hey, you should not do as God says. Everything will be fine for you..." This is similar. What is being said is, "Hey, does the Unification Church need money? I will give you money; you do not need that, just do as I say. Instead, sometimes you can take a walk with me, and you just need to listen to me." This is how they get entangled. However, unless you go out in the pure name of God, you cannot overcome this. That is how I think. So, do you want to go home? "No." "Oh, I couldn't go home even at Christmas; I should take a plane and go back after this." You might think that. You will be kidnapped. You will be kidnapped. If that happens, it will involve your ancestors.  
There was a girl named Louise in our house; her brother is also part of our family. Until now, she has cooperated with the Unification Church, saying, "Oh, my mother has supported me without such laws until now. So, please send me home, send me home..." I said, "Okay, go back once!" But she was caught. As a result, that family became embarrassed. They left a name of opposition to the Unification Church. You must understand that it leaves a stain. At that time, I thought, "Oh! I wish I hadn't gone." During the history of persecution of the Unification Church, that parent's name was left behind.  
Think about it. In the future, young people who should rightly go that way, how much will the fact that they had such parents remain as a condition of shame for eternity? Those parents will say, "I didn't want to do this; it was because Ted Patrick got involved."
"That's how it is," he says. If we say this when asked why Adam and Eve fell after their fall, it is just like saying, "Because the angel you created came and led them astray..." This doesn't work. It doesn't make sense. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

I want to send you back to your hometown during Christmas or at the beginning of the year. If you can take responsibility, then go. The teacher also hesitated to return to his hometown in the past. He didn't want to go. Why? Because when the hometown opposes you, you get caught up in everything. If you don't go back, there wouldn't be such problems. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

In this youthful era, we must recognize that dedicating all our sincerity to heaven is more valuable. If you don't go to the place you desperately want to go and don't do what you desperately want to do, God will accept it as something extremely precious. It's the opposite. It's exactly the opposite. This is not unfilial; rather, it becomes a form of filial piety. We must understand that this path we are taking is a way of filial piety that can save both ancestors and descendants.

As the Unification Church lays its foundation, the world is becoming increasingly agitated. We must recognize that the world has reached a stage where no one can intervene and restore order. Look around. Are the young men and women of the world worth anything? Are they really people? It's terrible. The situation is dire. And what about families? Are families around the world normal? It's awful. Kinship and clans are also in confusion, and all ideologies, including communism, are becoming chaotic.

Who can restore such a situation? Even if someone claims to have global authority to restore individuals, restoring individuals alone is not enough. If families are in disarray, nations are in disarray, and the world is in disarray, then whoever intervenes must restore everything from individuals to families, tribes, nations, and the world. There must be someone with such authority. It concludes that without such a person, the world cannot be restored. Today, religious people say, "Ah, if we live a life of faith, we become good people." However, just because I become a good person, it doesn't mean I can save the world. Ultimately, one will be swept away as well.

Look at the American pastors. They oppose hippies, but while opposing them, they all follow the hippies. The pastors themselves have long hair; how can they restore young people? It's all nonsense. That's heresy. It's a scam. When I see Billy Graham (expressing with actions), I don't feel good. Is he stained or not? I'm not a hippie. I keep my hair neat, and you all follow me. Follow my trend. You should follow the trend of heaven. (Applause) If I take off my tie, you should all take off your ties. If you don't have such spiritual influence, just give it up. No matter how hard you try, you'll just become a hypocrite. You must realize that you are only committing sins while feeling the pangs of conscience.

I want all the men of the world to gather the money to buy ties and donate it to the poor and starving people of the world. We should do it as much as we can.

We must correct this world. Anyone who grows a beard in our Unification Church is not a Unificationist. God doesn't like mustaches either. (Laughter) Why? Because we hate Satan the most, so why imitate what Satan does? What is the dance called "twist"? It's a snake dance. Shaking your hips while dancing is a snake dance. Do you like that? The word "twist" means to twist, right? Does God like twisting? "No." Satan likes twisting. Thinking about it is disgusting... By doing so, the world has been completely caught in his net. We must take hold of this global trend with our own hands.

And dancing naked, dancing naked. To try to block such a world, we are sending the Little Angels around the world centered on Korean dance. The Little Angels dance fully clothed. Even if you can't see their feet, they have become world-famous. That is riding the wind. Today, what God likes is that, which is why the Little Angels are welcomed worldwide. At such a time, they dance in a way that God can support, so just by watching, one unknowingly becomes spirited and says, "Oh, that's nice." Even if you try not to like it, your heart starts to feel good. I think so. (Applause) It's the exact opposite.

When I came to America, pastors and congregants alike drink and smoke. However, Reverend Moon does not like that at all. He absolutely does not like it. It is something Satan uses as a weapon; can the children of heaven follow that? They cannot. In Western society, people kiss their loved ones, but Satan has made it that way.

What is precious is something you want to hide deeply and cover. Would you put something precious on the street? You want to hide it all. You want to keep it in a place only you know. Only when you possess it is it precious. But if I boast that I have such a thing, a thief will come and take it away. Therefore, when you love, you like it deeply in your heart.

In America, if a husband doesn't kiss his wife before leaving in the morning, it becomes a problem? (Laughter) I've heard such things. How unpleasant it is to give a kiss you don't want to give! More than that, if you can be hundreds of times more grateful for just holding hands without kissing, how much... (Laughter) Just holding hands, people in the world think it's more valuable than kissing; how wonderful would it be if you actually kissed? (Laughter) Which would be better? Think about it. I think so.

In the East, people feel shy even when their eyes meet with their loved ones. (Laughter) That's right. Therefore, I think, why does love happen at night? I think God made it so that love happens at night because of Eastern people. (Laughter) Isn't that so? Because you can't see... In the West, there is no day or night, right? Love is normal at night. Therefore, God is fair. This can be taken as a joke, but it is indeed true.

So we must correct this world. We must correct it. When Reverend Moon shouts alone, if he can't really do it, then we must all stop. If we can't fulfill our purpose, we must stop. To say "yes," I must personally make you that way, make families that way, and restore tribes and nations to create such a nation. We must restore the world to create such a world. Can we do that? One race of five colors must unite as one nation and one brotherhood. Can we do that? "Yes."

Do you want to be citizens of America or citizens of the Unification Church? "Unification Church." We have nothing, right? We only have Belvedere. The teacher has nothing. So when the world sees us, they say we're crazy. But look at us in ten years, and look at us in a hundred years. It may seem distant, but a time will come when they will not be able to follow us.

We, as young people in our twenties, will create palaces greater than any palace in the world, universities greater than any university in the world, and newspapers greater than any newspaper in the world. I believe that. (Cheers and applause) The world may be filled with older people, but we will do it as young people in our twenties. Can we do it? "Yes."

Does the Unification Church have a factory like Ford? We have nothing. Does our Unification Church have a bank? Do we have a bank like Bank of America? We only have a pocket bank that takes in a little money. (Laughter) But we will create a bank bigger than that. Are you confident? "Yes." How? With my hands, with my fists. Reverend Moon of the Unification Church will create a university in an instant, a newspaper in an instant, and a bank in an instant. In an instant, I will buy the Empire State Building and create something even bigger. How? By fundraising. (Applause) By selling flowers and peanut snacks... We can use that as bait to catch the world. If I say I will buy the Empire State Building with a bag of peanut snacks, people would think I'm crazy; who would believe that? If I say I will buy the Empire Building with a flower, who would believe that?

People of the satanic world cannot do it, but the children of heaven can. Can we do it or not? "Yes." If you just listen to my words, it will surely happen. If you just listen to my words. You can't sleep at night, and you wake up in the early morning and listen to me talk a lot; should I stop talking? "No." If I want to conclude quickly, it can be done in a minute. (Laughter) Here in America, they think if a pastor preaches for more than 30 minutes, it's normal to be kicked out; what is this? Even if I preach for three hours or four hours, I can just keep going... So, am I crazy? Are you trying to make me talk more to kick me out? "No." Then you can't become the teacher. If I shout loudly and kick you out, then I would have done it, but no matter how much you try, you can't kick me out. (Laughter)

I'm not giving you a salary and making you work. I am receiving a salary while making you work. (Laughter) It must be different. So how much have we accomplished in a short time? We bought East Garden, we bought Barrytown (the seminary), then we bought Columbia Club, and we have bought quite a lot. Next, we must buy the Empire State Building and the Trade Center; if I see it and think it's good, I will buy it. (Cheers and applause) What will we do with that? I want to make you all wonderful. The manager, president, and department head of the Empire State Building and Trade Center will be made by me. Do you dislike that?

When Reverend Moon buys the Empire State Building, does he say it's his? He says it's ours. Belvedere is ours, Barrytown is ours; since our teacher bought it, we say it's all ours, right? (Applause) That's different. Even if we have a company, if you ask whose company it is, we don't say it's Mr. So-and-so's; we say it's ours. Fundamentally, it's different.

How is this possible? Because God is with us. By being with God, who is stronger and more absolute than Satan, we gain the power to save the world. The people of the world think that Reverend Moon is clever and has good methods, but that's not it. God teaches that method, and we follow it. In other words, it is God who does it.

You know, can Reverend Moon do mind control? People make a fuss about mind control, but only God can do that. Because only God controls, if it were my will, I would tire out in a day or two, but I do not tire. God has eternal, unchanging, absolute power, so He controls the mind. There is no tomorrow. It continues for a year, for ten years.

Because of the sins of your ancestors, your hearts are not straight; they are bent. This must be made straight through the law of indemnity. Because they are bent, there are phenomena where they weaken at times and strengthen at others. When this becomes straight, it will rise continuously, and the heart will never change. You go up and down, right? "Oh, I've been in the Unification Church for three years, and I've been fundraising for three years. What is this?" 

You may feel that your face is thin and you are tired. But what has emerged? The Unification Church has gained vast properties like Belvedere or East Garden, and universities and newspapers have been established. And we must not forget that a garden and a nation that many people envy will emerge. You must recognize that. You must not forget that. "I did this. I did this. How rewarding is this? In just ten years, this country will completely operate under our power. Let's go! Let's go!" This is how it should be.

Even if it seems like you haven't changed much in ten years, the world is changing externally. If the teacher hadn't come to America and carried out such operations... In the past three years, how much difference is there between now and three years ago? When I came, the cost of moving the entire headquarters in America was $20,000 to $25,000 a month. Now it must be $2.5 million a month. It has become that time. (Applause) So, has it grown or not? "It has grown." In three years, it will be more than ten times what it is now. That is how we will move America.

Now, in about ten years, our Unification Church must spend more than a billion dollars, which is the budget of New York State. Think about it for a year. If there are ten million Unificationists, what can't we do? If one person can earn $10,000 a year, they can do it. It's possible. Our Unification Church members are doing a movement to break through $12,000 a month. We earn in an instant what university professors earn in a year by sweating. Such things can only be done by me. Only I and you can do it. No one else can do it. Not even the President of the United States can do it, nor can anyone else. Not even Kosygin or Brezhnev from the Soviet Union can do it. And even though dictators like Hitler and the Nazis are criticized, they all paid salaries and exploited people. Where are the ones who exploited people while paying salaries?

Do I pay you a salary? "No." I am the one receiving a salary. So what are you making a fuss about, calling me a dictator? You guys... But that doesn't mean I'm spending money. I'm spending it for the world. If I had entrusted you with spending money, you would have wasted it all on useless things, but if I spend it, universities emerge, newspapers emerge, and in the future, we will be able to save a nation, creating a game of salvation. You worked hard fundraising, but do you see Belvedere and East Garden and think, "Wow, this is our hard work; this is rewarding"? Do you think it's rewarding? "I think it's rewarding."

The reason we receive material blessings is that God is with us. Speaking of which, Reverend Moon lives in a good mansion in East Garden; why are people so envious?
No? "No." I don't live in such a house because I want to. We have five of those houses. We also have this Belvedere, and there are many such houses. It's just one among many houses. If left alone, it would become a haunted house, so I live here. Why does it hurt so much? Whether you live here or I live here, it's the same, isn't it? The Belvedere you live in doesn't say anything, and the mansion here doesn't say anything, so why is only the East Garden being criticized?

And what if I have a Lincoln limousine? I didn't buy it. I don't own any of the cars. After the teacher came to America, since they couldn't ride in a big car, they had no choice but to say, "We'll give you this car, teacher." I said I didn't want it. When I said I didn't want something that someone else had ridden in, their conscience wasn't at ease. They said it was given for the teacher to use. They sent it like this, but would I send it back? I had no choice but to keep it.

So then, from the West, they think, "Oh, we sent a limousine, but since it was used by someone else, we have to send the teacher a new car, but we can't." They're worried about that. They feel guilty about sending an old limousine, so they say they will buy a new car and send it. I didn't want it. But one day, they bought a new car and sent it. So now there are two Lincoln limousines.

Then, at the New York church, they realized it wouldn't do. With the West doing that, what about the prestige of the headquarters? They thought we should buy a car for the teacher, and it wouldn't do otherwise. We already have two Lincoln limousines; can we buy more? They said, "We'll also buy a Lincoln for you." I said, "Oh, I don't need it," but they insisted, "At least let us buy a small one." So they bought a small Lincoln.

Then, Kamiyama thought, "Everyone in the world is driving Benzes... We should buy one too." They decided that since the teacher didn't have a Benz, they should buy one for him. So they bought one. That's why there are many luxury cars. You might think, "Wow! Reverend Moon is using our contributions to buy luxury cars and enjoying himself," but I haven't bought any of them. The East Garden was purchased with the money I brought. Not a single penny of your money went into it. I also paid half for this Belvedere. It's all in the name of the church, not in my name. What did I do wrong? What's the problem, you brats?

Then, since there are many cars, shouldn't we just distribute them? I want to give them all away. But why do I need to keep them? From a practical standpoint, it's better to keep them at the teacher's house than somewhere else. When foreign guests and dignitaries come, we use these cars. Managing these cars, like the Lincoln limousine and Benz under Neil Salonen's name, and saying that Reverend Moon sent them directly from the East Garden, which is more effective? Keeping them under the teacher's name is strategically more effective, so they have to be kept at the East Garden.

So, it's efficient and good to do this; I'm not just driving around alone. I'm using them to transport guests. What's wrong with that? If there's someone opposing this, grab their tie and say, "You brat, what's wrong with Reverend Moon living in the East Garden mansion and driving a limousine? What's wrong with that?" I'm not trying to make excuses. I'm saying this because you need to understand this.

And I have placed two $80,000 buses at the East Garden. Why? It's more efficient than keeping them somewhere else. When more than a hundred people come in the future, saying, "This is a car for Reverend Moon to use on special occasions," how impressive would that be? That's why. Then it has more value. So in the future, I will buy not just ten buses but twenty, and I will keep dozens of Lincoln limousines. That way, we can accommodate all the international guests coming. At that time, no one will complain. The reason we are blessed and have come this far is that God is with us.

If we strive centered on heaven, heaven will never cause us to suffer loss. Now, today is God's Day. Let's conclude. By establishing God's Day, God has taken charge of the foundation of families, the foundation of tribes, the foundation of nations, and the global foundation, guiding us, so the Unification Church cannot help but bring about developments that the world cannot even imagine. Because you are under God's dominion, if you go out with the belief that miracles will happen through what I do, unimaginable effects will occur, and results will manifest.

Just as one person, centered on God, can do global work, each of you must have the belief that you can do global work in place of the teacher. If you make such a resolution, then today, commemorating God's Day, will have significance. If a woman cannot do that, she should say, "I will get married in the future and give birth to children who can do even better than the teacher." Then she should pray, "As one who commemorates God's Day, I must give birth to such children. I will become a woman who will do anything to have such children." Then she can give birth to those children.

Now, do you know your own capabilities? I know my limits, that I can't do beyond this. But I must say, "Heaven will bear the cross beyond that, so even if my life is like this, may my children receive God's infinite blessings." It must be like this. It's not for my generation but for my descendants, and that thought is a holy thought. Isn't this thought extremely precious for American youth? I think so. Sacrificing myself for America...

You should understand that my suffering is not just for the church or for God but to expand the foundation on which I can receive blessings. If we strive centered on heaven, heaven will not cause us to suffer loss; rather, it will return the principal with interest and even add more. Likewise, the teacher himself does not seek to owe you anything. I plan to lead until I am 70 years old. So, in 15 years, I must turn the world around. If it doesn't turn, I will make it turn. (Applause) If my strength is lacking, I will pray and do it with God's power. I will do it even by borrowing God's strength.

I intend to pour out all the blessings I have achieved before your contributions. The extent of how much you do will determine how much great blessing will come upon you. There won't be such a business among businesses. It is fishing with the bait of the blessings the teacher has accumulated. Therefore, preparing for that is not for the teacher but for yourselves. Can you complain about that? Can you get tired? It's worrying about not being able to add more and worrying about not having enough time...

There must be a difference between last year's God's Day and this year's God's Day. We must develop progressively, and through the changes I mentioned earlier, we must become beings who can praise the central value of heaven's realm at a new level. Only then will we understand the significance of commemorating God's Day.

If we win at the Yankee Stadium event, America will get involved, and if we win at the Washington event, foreign countries will be affected, and then the democratic world will be influenced, and eventually, even the communist world will turn around. The world can turn right before our eyes. It is visible. It is visible. The prophets and saints of old went to their deaths believing that this would happen thousands of years later, and today, if we have this possibility in front of us and cannot go forward, we must be punished. We must perish.

Our ancestors in the spirit world must be thinking, "How great it would be if I could be born in this era!" We must not become ashamed before them, who sacrificed for heaven, and we must stand in a position where we can say we will not lose to them. Centered on the goal of resurrecting Jesus and liberating God, when we stand in a place where we give our utmost loyalty and life, we can illuminate the significance of celebrating God's Day.

If we can liberate God along with humanity and create a God whom we can lead as we wish, and create humanity that we can lead as we wish, and if the Unification Church becomes the direct path to the heavenly kingdom on earth and in heaven, then that Unification Church will be the only one that can commemorate God's Day, and you will undoubtedly be the protagonists who are most loved by God. By establishing the direct path to the heavenly kingdom on earth and in heaven, the Unification Church will monopolize God's love and become eternally happy. Only then will we have the qualification to commemorate God's Day.

The question is how many times you have celebrated God's Day. How much have you taken from the satanic world and placed before God as God's sons and daughters? This is our mission. We must take back the economy, find the sons and daughters, and bring all families before God... Therefore, until we celebrate this day next year, you must resolve, "I will bring this many people next year to celebrate this day." Every time we celebrate such a day, each of us must resolve, pledge, and vow before heaven and fight vigorously for a year. From today, for the purpose of that...

I hope that when we celebrate next year's God's Day, you will be dignified and without shame. I will conclude my words. * 

Providential Summary
As you know, today is January 4, 1976, and it is also the first Sunday of this year. The term "providential summary" refers to a significant moment when everything must be settled, a crucial time designated for settlement.

Peaceful world can only be achieved when we unite from the individual level.
We know that the ideal of God's creation was shattered due to the fall of Adam and Eve. As a result, everything became divided and split. Heaven and earth were originally one. What should have been united became separated into heaven and earth. The center of heaven and earth should have been humanity, but even humanity itself has become divided into body and mind.

When you ask where heaven is, you might point over there, but heaven is actually invisible. When we say heaven, it doesn't mean it's floating in the air. Heaven symbolizes the highest and holiest. Similarly, our hearts seek what is high, pure, and good. The heart knows what it must do without needing education. If heaven and earth were originally one, then our hearts and bodies should have been one, but they have become divided.

The fact that a person is divided signifies that heaven and earth are divided. Because of the division of humanity, everything has become divided from here. Families have split, nations have split, and the world has split, resulting in a natural division. As a result, heaven and earth have become divided, and because humans have become divided, individuals, families, and tribes have all become divided.

God is not a being who is divided; He exists in a realm of unity. The ideal is achieved through mutual unity. There can only be a center where there is unity. Because everything is divided, God has no choice but to exist in this divided heaven, divided earth, divided humanity, and divided world.

So the question is, how do we create unity? To become one, the direction must be the same. If the direction is east, then everyone must go east; they cannot go west.

Then, where should we find the origin of unity? Since everything has become divided due to humanity, unless we engage in the movement to create unity through humanity, we cannot return to the original ideal standard. Our principle teaches that when the subject and object become one, unity occurs, and where there is unity, God is present.

Peace means that the subject and object become one. In Eastern terms, "peace" (平) means horizontal, and "harmony" (和) means harmony. What does this mean? It means that when the counterpart is trying to revolve around the center, it should revolve together, but it only occurs in the place of reconciliation, not where there is conflict.

So where is the problem? In creating unity, where should we create it? The movement to create unity must occur in the person, in the individual "I." If not, this universe cannot become one. Why? Because it was divided due to human Adam and Eve, and we cannot discover a world of unity until we find the place of unity, not the place of division.

The Messiah, who stands in the position of representing heaven and earth, holds the key to opening the door of universal peace. When thinking about the problem of how the world can become one, it is more important to create unity centered around a perfect individual, who is the center of the world, and when that individual expands, families, tribes, nations, and the world will automatically unite. That one person must be someone who represents the world. In other words, he must be a person who represents the world from the position of representing heaven and earth. If that one person exists, everything will be resolved.

The key to opening the peace of this universe is not multiple; it is only one. That key is neither the world nor the nation. It is one person. One person who represents the world, one person who represents the nation, one person who represents the ethnicity, one person who represents the clan, one person who represents the family, one person who represents the individual; this one person is the issue.

Then, what is the highest standard of hope that humanity must find? It is one person who can represent the universe. Since it is connected as one person, we only need to find that one person. There is no objection to that, right? "Yes." What is humanity? What is the fundamental issue of whether God exists? All philosophical, sociological, and political problems will be resolved if this issue is resolved.

So who is that one person? Where is he? The President of the United States? "No." Then who is it? Is it someone like Buddha or Confucius who came and went in history? Is it someone like Jesus? Perhaps, but did he present the solution to these problems? He has not yet presented it. From that perspective, when Jesus Christ said, "I will come again," he meant that he would return at the end to present these issues. We can have such a hopeful perspective.
Savior, the meaning of Savior is the master who saves the world. What kind of person is he? He is the one person who can solve all these problems. To put it plainly, Jesus Christ can be considered as the unit of an inch. He is an existence of that kind. This applies both personally and universally... The unit can be one inch, one hundred inches, one thousand inches... To measure something large, it must be measured in thousand-inch units. It is the same as one inch, one hundred inches, and one thousand inches. Therefore, this central being is undoubtedly the center of the entire world, the center of the nation, the center of the people, the center of the tribe, and the center of the family. (While writing on the board) Therefore, he must come to our human world as the standard for all the constituent units of our society and manifest as the subjective standard. You must understand that this is the mission of the Messiah. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

When you become one with Jesus, you achieve personal perfection. If he came for this purpose, then if you become completely one with Jesus, since the Messiah has achieved personal perfection, you too can achieve personal perfection. That’s how it works. So, do you need the Messiah or not? "We need him." You need him.

If the one who becomes the Savior is Jesus, then naturally, there will be personal Jesus, family Jesus, tribal, national, and world Jesus. If there is a standard nation centered on Jesus, then no matter how many nations there are in the world, if they follow the standard nation of Jesus, the world can become one. This is the conclusion.

My personal peace is connected to the peace of the world. Let me ask you something. Do your body and mind fight? "Yes." Is that peace or struggle? "Struggle." When does this war end? When does this conflict end? Have you thought about that? When will the war of this world end? There’s no need to think about that. When will the war within my body completely end? When that ends, the war of the world will end. The peace of my body is connected to the peace of the world.

When you look at the Bible, there are many contradictions. It says that heaven is in your heart. Does that great heaven exist in the heart? What does that mean? If the heart and body do not fight and completely represent the universe, then heaven will come there. That heaven is connected to the world. It is connected.

If there is a bifurcation line here (while writing on the board), who withdraws that bifurcation line? That is the problem. The bifurcation line cannot do it by itself. And the very act of going left and right around that bifurcation line cannot be done by itself either. So what do we do? When we become one, it naturally disappears. Therefore, do not try to eliminate this; rather, become one. Then it will naturally disappear. There is a bifurcation line between communism and the democratic world, but how do we eliminate it? When we become one, it disappears. If it can be better, if it can be a value that can grow larger than what is, then the greater plus and the greater minus will naturally encompass and absorb the others.

How do you make the fighting between your body and mind into one? Is it necessary to make them one? Do you want to know how? "Yes."

One side is on the side of Satan, and the other is on the side of heaven. So, where is the side of Satan? "The body." Then what is centered on the mind? "The side of heaven." That’s how it is. If the body is stronger than the mind, it suppresses the mind, and if the mind is stronger than the body, it suppresses the body. Satan ignores the mind and destroys through the body. God urges the mind to be able to ignore the body. That is the struggle. That is the struggle that is happening.

What is religion? Religion is about creating a powerful world centered on the mind. Right now, since the mind and body are similar, if the mind were to be superior to the body, with twice the strength, the body would not be able to exert its power properly. It would follow. For example, if a wrestling champion faced an elementary school student, the champion could easily drag the student along. It would be a one-sided match, not even a problem.

So what strategy does God employ? He has two strategies. The first is to weaken the body. Therefore, religion teaches to be humble, gentle, and to become small. Do you understand? "Yes." The second is to make the mind several times stronger than the body. That is why we are told to pray. When you pray, a powerful force enters your mind. The body should not come in; that is the sin. Then the body will be dragged along without resistance. If you get used to that for just three years, the body will naturally change. It becomes a natural habit.

There is a nature that can become one inherently within this body. It has become that way because it has been defiled through the flesh of Satan and through evil. However, if the strong power of nature is combined for about three years, the nature will be manifested, and it will enter a stage where it can automatically comply. Then that person can emerge as a person of heaven.

And what does religion teach humanity? To do good rather than evil... If you clearly understand how much the good deed directly impacts your understanding of the eternal world, how significant the cost-benefit relationship is, you wouldn’t be able to go even if told to. Do you think so? "Yes."

What has religion done until now? People who believe in religion do not even think about this and say, "If you believe, you will go to heaven." They are doing evil while believing in Jesus and going to heaven? In the end, they say that if you believe in Jesus, you will go to heaven. Today, Christianity says it will not perish. Why would Christianity perish...? Will Christianity perish in the future or not? "It will perish." Therefore, fundamentally, it has come to the point where it needs to be dismantled and corrected.

The center of eternal and unchanging value is the Messiah. Today, humanity is divided. It is divided into two factions. (While writing on the board) The individual is divided like this, the family is divided like this, and it keeps growing. The distance keeps increasing. In the end, this is what wins. The original form is expanding. It is the same. Therefore, there is no unified center. There is no center, no unified center. This is it. Do you know what the center of the divided individual is? Is there a center for the family? Is there a center for the nation? There is no center at all. Everything flows according to the wind. In the end, there is no master. That is what it means. 

Is there a master among you? No. It means you are divided. Is there a master in your own house? No. Is the president the master of America? Can the master change every four years? He is the master of a nation. You might say, "There are two masters," but where is it that there are two masters? The master is eternal. So what will happen?

When it comes to the issue of value, valuable things must be eternal and unchanging. This is an absolute factor. When something is called a treasure, if it changes and has no eternity, what kind of treasure is that? It is nothing. What are gold and jewels? They refer to things that do not change. Their color does not change. They are eternal. No matter how much they are buried in the ground, there is no change. They have eternity, right? They have immutability, right? That is why they are treasures.

A precious person, a more valuable person is an eternal person. "In the past, present, and future, I cannot help but respect him." That is how it should be. Even if someone comes and says he is wrong, it does not turn around. No matter how wrong it is, you must have the attitude that it is not wrong. Have you ever met such a person? "Yes." It is not just "yes," but you are trying to meet such a person. This is an absolutely necessary requirement.

When it comes to diamonds, why are diamonds precious? This diamond is made of carbon that burns when broken. It is worthless. What value does it have? However, in terms of hardness, it is eternal. No one can invade it. And it does not change. Whether day or night, it does not change forever. Do you understand? "Yes." And when you look at pearls, how beautiful is their color? The harmony of colors is well achieved. Whenever you see that, it makes you feel good. That light never changes forever. That is why pearls are valuable.

Now, when we look at humans, we must all become eternal and unchanging humans. In acting on the essence, the inside and outside must completely harmonize and operate. There must be no conflict. Is that the case with you? The human heart changes from morning to evening. It changes. What value does that have? That is what I said earlier, there is no center. The center is the Messiah we have been looking for. There is no objection to that, right? "Yes."

So why do you want to meet the Messiah? Why do you want to meet him? To become one with the Messiah. When you meet the Messiah, not only do you achieve personal perfection, but how does family perfection happen? After meeting the Messiah and achieving personal perfection, should you try to achieve family perfection on your own, or should you achieve family perfection according to the Messiah? Which is it? "According to the Messiah..." In the end, it becomes that way... and then it goes on to clan, national, and global standards according to the Messiah.

When you look at it this way, does Jesus need to get married to become the pattern of the family of the world at the same time as he achieves personal perfection? Should he get married or not? This question arises. Should he get married or not? "He should." The established church pastors say, "How can a saint get married?" They are making a fuss. Such claims cannot stand. It is unbelievable. Then would God say to Jesus, "Hey Jesus, since you came as the only son, you should not have children, and you should not have a family, and you should not have a nation"? What kind of God is that?

Now, look. For example, would God be pleased if Jesus went to find people in the world of Satan to make them into God's sons and daughters, or would he be more pleased if Jesus got married and had his own direct sons and daughters? Think about it. It is like taking a piece of paper that Satan has written on and erasing it to write on it again. Would you prefer to erase what you wrote in school with an eraser and write on it? "No." Even fallen people think that way; would the wise King God not think about that?

The established church says, "Oh, Jesus came single and left single, so that was good." Stop that silly game. It is not theoretically correct. When asked, they cannot answer and back off, saying something about tradition.

Does God like Christianity being divided into hundreds of denominations and fighting? Does he like that? "No." If Jesus had gotten married and had direct sons and daughters, would Christianity be divided like this? It would have become a denomination of Jesus's direct sons and daughters. If that had happened, would Paul, who is in the Roman Catholic Church, be the Pope? "No." Would Peter do that? Peter would have to obey Jesus's son. Now, would Jesus's son submit to Peter, or would Peter submit to Jesus's son? Think about it. Peter would submit to Jesus's son; there is no way Jesus's son would follow Peter. It is impossible.

If Jesus had gotten married and had a son, Jesus's lineage would have emerged, and he would be of God's direct bloodline. Since he is the son of God, he is direct. Who occupies this direct lineage? That direct lineage would spread throughout history and marry into the world, and they would all become heavenly tribes. Would that nation perish? Then there would have been someone here with Jesus's bloodline... If someone came out with Jesus's name, the whole world would become unified. It would become a single ethnic group. You cannot just believe without thinking, based on rough guesses.

Do you welcome Jesus getting married? Do you not welcome it? "We welcome it." The established church calls it heresy; who is the heretic? Is it you, or is it those who say Jesus should not marry? Then ask Jesus, "Did you want to get married by the time you were thirty-three, or did you not want to?" If he says he did not want to, then he is not a man. He is not a man. He should just cut that off. If there was a woman who was better than him, would he want to propose to her or not? Would he want to propose to such a Jesus? Would God say, "Hey, you cannot get married as the Messiah. If you propose to a woman better than you, you will be judged"? Would God have said that? Would God have laughed? Would he have liked that? (Laughter)

If he had a son, that son would be more holy than Jesus, and that would not be a bad thing. When our young ladies look at it from that perspective, it also means that they could marry the Messiah in the future. Doesn’t that feel good? Does it feel bad, or does it feel good? You should answer that. "It feels good." Now you understand what kind of being the Messiah is. This being that is positioned at the center, the center...

In the fruit-bearing age of six thousand years of human history, the Lord of the Second Advent comes as the true seed. However, what happened in history is that it became divided due to the fall. It became divided into two. The world is the same; it has become two. So, does a person have an evil heart or not? There is an evil heart and an evil body; these exist. It is the same here. Among good people, there is a heart that is a greater plus than now. And there is a corresponding body. That is certain. Therefore, ultimately, this kind of humanity has been planted. A human who can be like this has been planted.

Among the religions of God's side, there are plus religions and minus religions. Among evil religions, there are mainstream evil religions and lesser evil religions. Because these have been planted, when the end comes, a time will come when it bears fruit globally. (While writing on the board) This world is the right side, so the right wing comes out, and then the left wing emerges as a conclusion. As a result, it must bear fruit. Next, it must be divided into upper and lower relationships. From an ideological perspective, the terms metaphysics and physics emerge. So above is heaven, and below is Satan...

Then where does the ideology of the democratic world belong? When it comes to the right wing, it is on the side of heaven. It speaks of the side of heaven. Isn’t that right? "Yes." Communism is the opposite; it is the opposite. Based on this ideology, it has become one. It has become a world of opposition. That is because one person has been divided. Because it has been planted this way, it must be harvested this way.

The current time is the fruit-bearing age of six thousand years of human history. Therefore, all the leaves are falling. Now winter will come. Everything that is false and without life will be completely wiped away in the coming winter. Among the bare branches, there will be fruit. Among that fruit, even if the flesh rots...
The seed, when it remains, is truly a life that possesses real life. A person who has the life to become one with God forever, even when winter comes, is in a position to completely bear fruit, to burst forth and sprout. Winter cannot invade this. This seed contains everything of the tree. It includes branches, leaves, and fruits; everything is contained within it. Ultimately, the seed is the same as what it was at the original starting point. It is the same. Is that right? "Yes." 

So what is it that we want to do by planting these two fields in the world? We want to harvest one true seed, one true seed. Not a divided seed after the fall, but a united, completely one seed. Does that seed contain families? Yes, it must contain everything. Individuals are included, families are included, tribes, nations, and the world are all included. The one who comes as that seed is the Lord of the Second Advent. As mentioned earlier, everything is contained within this Messiah.

So what kind of being is the Messiah? The seed returns to the fundamental, original starting point. From this perspective, how does the Lord come? He comes as the original seed that Adam and Eve were to sow before their fall in the Garden of Eden. This is the conclusion that can be drawn. He comes as the completed Adam.

What does it mean to say the completed Adam? The first Adam became an evil parent through the fall. Today, all humans have fallen parents, right? Is that correct? "Yes." But you have true parents. Is that a fact? "Yes."

God, centering on the central religion and central nation, is conducting a providential total settlement. What will the Messiah do when he comes? The evil parents will go, and God will establish the position of good parents. So what will happen? Centering on true parents and God's love, we will become God's sons and daughters, and God's direct lineage will be propagated.

Then what happens to those who are already born, like you? When Nicodemus came to Jesus and asked, "How can one enter the kingdom of heaven?" Jesus said, "You must be born again." Nicodemus then asked, "How can an old man enter his mother's womb again?" This became a problem. If you do not know that method, you cannot enter the kingdom of heaven. Would it be good to teach you that method? "Yes." Then how much value would you place on it? Is it worth several hundred billion, several tens of billions, or several hundred dollars? "Several hundred billion." Then I will teach you about one-tenth of it. (Laughter) That is how it should be.

Looking at this world now, it is all despair, despair. America is in despair. When thinking about America's future, is it despair or hope? "It is despair." Ah, this year, exports are high, and the economic policies have succeeded, so the value of the dollar is rising, but why is it despair? Why is it despair? It is because all you young people are like trash cans.... All Americans are becoming drug addicts and are decaying. Young people are all trash cans, aren't they? Think about it. Do you think so or not? It is a very miserable situation. Is that a fact? "Yes."

So now, what does the world truly need? Where is the seed that can become one master? In other words, where is the one leader who can guide all the problems of our lives?

To achieve that, what must happen? This world will be divided into four pieces. The democratic world has also been divided, hasn't it? In the 1960s, the democratic world united around America, but now it is all divided. Now the communist world is also divided into two factions. Isn't that right? "Yes." 

And all religions have also divided. The forms have completely unraveled. Now we have the First World, the Second World, and the Third World, right? The religious world is referred to as the Fourth World. The democratic world is the First World, the communist world is the Second World, and Africa is called the Third World. Isn't that right? Because there is one religious world remaining in the democratic world, there is an exception.

Now, when conducting a providential total settlement, from a providential perspective, what do we center on? The central religion and the central nation. What is the central religion? What is it? "Christianity." That is Christianity because you believe in Jesus. If you ask a Buddhist, they will say it is their religion, and if you ask a Muslim, they will say it is their religion. If you ask a Jew, they will say it is Judaism. How do you know? By what do you find out? By saying, "We are the central religion!" Does that make it the central religion? God must recognize it.

What does God boast about? Power? Ability? Omnipotence? Uniqueness? What does He boast about? "Love." "God is love!" This is what He boasts about. Truth is relative. Love is central. Is that right? "Yes." What God loves most is love. The more a religion teaches the rich content centered on love, the more it can be concluded that it is the central religion.

What is the central content of that love? Would God not need sons and daughters whom He loves? If God were a person, would He want to love His direct children or His servants? What would He prefer? Would He want to love an adopted child more? "His direct children...." God is the same. If God is like us, then God is the same. Isn't that right? "Yes."

What is different about Christianity compared to other religions? In the Bible, Jesus came and claimed, "I am the only begotten Son of God." This statement is great and precious. So what is the only begotten? It means receiving all of God's love and being the first to receive it. It means that only I can receive God's love first. From this perspective, Christianity has the content to become the central religion among religions.

Next, it is said, "I am the bridegroom, and you are the bride," which is based on the familial origin of the love of the bride and bridegroom. Today, pastors of the mainline churches say, "A man can also be a bride." Where in the world is there a way for a man to become a bride? This is all ignorance. Is a bride a man or a woman? Is a bride a man? "No." Who is the bride? "A woman." It is absolutely a woman. (Laughter) That is absolute. So is there one bride or two? "One." Is it ten or one? "One." It is absolutely one. Only then can absolute love be possible. But are all Christians, regardless of being male or female, brides? Now, is there anyone who thinks it would be good to have two brides? Raise your hand if you think it would be good to have two mothers. From that perspective, we must understand that when Jesus referred to the bridegroom and bride, it was based on the fundamental purpose He desired in the universe.

The seed returns to the original source, as mentioned earlier. Since evil parents have arisen, in order for good parents to emerge from here, must there be a good father and a good mother? Must there be two? "No." There must be one. Who is Jesus? He is a person of the completed Adam type. Therefore, we must find the existence of the completed Eve type. This is the bride and bridegroom of Christianity at the time of the Second Advent, the wedding feast of the Lamb. Because of the fall 6,000 years ago, we must now establish good parents for the first time after 6,000 years. This is why the terms restoration and indemnity have arisen.

Evil parents have proliferated throughout the world. This world is evil, evil. Therefore, in the end, we must narrow this evil and be reborn through good parents. This way, the world will become two worlds. This is where the clash occurs. Confusion and chaos arise.

When Jesus Christ said He is the bridegroom and the bride, this is what He was asserting. From this historical perspective, it fits perfectly. How could it fit so perfectly? The place where the bride and bridegroom meet to hold a wedding feast was supposed to be the place where God was to be hosted 6,000 years ago. However, until now, that has not happened. The conclusion is that finally, after 6,000 years, it is the wedding ceremony centered on God, which is called the wedding feast of the Lamb.

If Reverend Moon's logic is correct, would Jesus come riding on a cloud? Like a scarecrow or a goblin? Such things that do not fit the theory will not work. From that perspective, Jesus spoke of the ideal love and proclaimed the foundation for family formation. Then He spoke of brotherly love from a position of equality among all people. This is brotherhood. You are brothers. "White people are better, and black people are worse." Did Jesus say that? "No." He may have had disputes among His disciples, but Jesus did not....

When we see that Christianity has developed the ideas of universal brotherhood and love for all humanity, it is a religion that has the content to be accepted by all in the formation of families and nations centered on God. Because Christianity has completely equipped itself with ideal content centered on God's love, it can truly be the world religion. Other religions do not have this.

The Bible says, "For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him shall not perish but have eternal life." Did God give His only begotten Son because He loved Christianity so much, so that anyone who believes well will receive eternal life? Here, there are black people, yellow people, white people, Germans, French, British, and everyone is included. Is this wrong?

Because it has such content, it can sufficiently form an ideal world centered on God's love, and thus we can conclude that this religion is indeed the mainstream religion. Buddhism, Islam, and Confucianism do not have such concrete content. So, can Christianity become the mainstream religion? "Yes." This is how it must be theoretically organized.

Is it fortunate or unfortunate that America has become a Christian nation? "It is fortunate." Why is it fortunate? Because of Christianity? Because of America? "Because of Christianity." Then is Christianity at a stage of decline now? "It is declining." Therefore, we must recognize that this is a problem that should be feared more than the decline of America.

From that perspective, among the nations of the world, there is a mysterious country like America. There is one mysterious country like America that remains like this. This America is made up of many ethnicities intertwined to form one nation. Why do they not fight each other, even though they seem like they would? A single ethnic group is now divided and fighting, but how is it that a mixed nation like America remains like this? It is not because Americans are great; it is because God protects them, God protects America....

But how did they become one like this? They were persecuted for their faith and fled from Europe, seeking religious freedom. The groups that believed in God and loved the church came together to create the nation of America.

They united around General Washington and fought against the great British Empire, which was a nation where the sun never set, and they defeated that empire to gain independence. This is a miracle among miracles. Did this happen because the independence fighters were great? No. Without God's protection, that would have been impossible. We must understand that God made it happen.

Without God, there is nothing. Without God and Christianity, this nation could never be united. If that were the case, this nation would have been a colony of Europe. This nation would have been a battlefield, and as a British colony, it would have brought about miserable results for 200 years. Would that have happened or not?

Americans have become great representatives of the world under the ideal spirit of complete Christianity centered on God. Ultimately, you must love God more than your own country, establishing the church at the center, transcending your own nation. That is what it means to be an American. This is God's traditional thought. If this thought had developed from individuals to families, from families to the thought of all Americans, and then to a fraternal love to save the whole world, America would not have turned out like this.

From that perspective, is God a super-nationalist or a nationalist? What is He? "He is a super-nationalist." Then was America formed around one nation, or was it formed super-nationally? "It is super-national." In whose name? "God...." Who made that happen? Do you think Americans made that happen? "God." Do all Americans know that? "No." Therefore, America will decline.

When we look at God's providence in the historical age, what is the purpose of finding such a nation? As mentioned earlier, it is to find the central religion and the central nation. In that sense, America is the spiritual Second Israel. We see it as being in a position similar to that of the chosen people of the Jewish nation. You are hearing this for the first time, right? This is something that only members of the Unification Church know.

What is the position of current Christianity that cannot lead America and the mission of the Unification Church? So what is the center for America to unite around Christianity? Is it the nation or the religion? "It is the religion." Religion corresponds to the heart, and the nation corresponds to the body. Then what is the center? "Religion." Therefore, no matter how big America is, it must become a religion that can lead, digest, and influence this great America. Is Christianity that? "No."

Now, they say, "Religion and state must be separated. They must not be completely united." This is a declaration of Satan that the heart and body should forever be separated, a declaration of Satan. "Oh no, this is a big problem. Oh! Reverend Moon's theory contradicts the basic principles of democracy." They are saying this. Then should we revise Reverend Moon's theory, which separates religion and state? What should we revise? Is democracy absolute? What is correct? Is Reverend Moon wrong, or is it wrong to say that religion and state should be separated? If you ask the American Constitution, what will it say? Huh? So the problem is significant.

When I say this, they say, "Ah, Reverend Moon is trying to do politics...." Am I doing politics? I am asserting that I must become a religious leader who properly guides those who do politics. Should I not do that? Should I not do that? You should do the politics. It must be done correctly, aligned with the direction God desires; otherwise, the nation will perish, and if the nation perishes, religion will also perish. When the nation, like the body, perishes, the religion, like the heart, will also perish. Now, does the heart not follow where the body goes? What God desires is to completely govern both heart and body, not to say, "You can govern the heart, but the body can be discarded." Is that what God wants? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

They say Reverend Moon is trying to do politics? Those who do politics must be properly guided by God.
If we do not go in the direction of meaning, this country will perish, so we must properly guide those in politics, even if it means brainwashing them. Only then can an eternal nation emerge. It is a nation that God can protect, one that is unchanging, precious, and eternal. Therefore, the conclusion arises that if religion centered on God does not perish, the nation will not perish either. However, if religion and politics are separated, the religion may remain, but the nation can perish.

Considering that, is Reverend Moon's assertion correct? What is right? "Reverend Moon." We must clearly understand this. It has brought about results that Satan likes. If the Unification Church is to build a heavenly kingdom on earth today, it must educate numerous political leaders with the ideology of the Unification Church and lead them in that direction.

This is a "providence-related final settlement." When viewed in the context of providential relationships, if a nation that represents the world and a religion that represents the world come together to form a powerful leading nation, then centered around that nation, heaven will make the final decisive settlement. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Is the current Christianity a leading religion that can digest the world? Does it have the ability to assimilate intellectuals? It does not. Has it? The current Christianity cannot do that.

The movement of the Unification Church is a movement to make a providential final settlement. Does God not know that? He knows it very well. That is why a religion like the Unification Church has become necessary. Unify all religions! Only one! It is unity, unity. Do you like unity? "Yes." How much do you like it? "Very much...." You should like it more than your life, more than this America, more than the Christianity of this America. The current Christianity cannot unify all religions. It cannot unify them. For this to be possible, everything must be discarded. If we become one like this, would God like it or dislike it? "He likes it." What are you? Are you going to unify? You guys.... If you try once, won't everyone run away? "No."

The citizens of this America are now afraid, saying, "Oh, Reverend Moon is going to conquer the whole world." Why are they afraid? Why are they afraid? If a tall person here said, "Oh, I will conquer the world," and if someone better than me said that, would the American media make a fuss and would America make a fuss? What problem is it if Reverend Moon from the East comes and says that? (Applause) Looking at the established church people.... Recently on ABC TV, they said that it is a problem that global intellectuals have gathered in the Unification Church. Is that true? "Yes."

Before you came here, you were all hippies. Hippies, hippies. Ninety percent were hippies. So what if that was the case? What is wrong with that? Why make a fuss when you cannot cooperate? (Applause) 

The problem is that, viewed providentially, God is looking for a strong religion of the heart and a strong nation that can influence the world. When we look at America centered on that, because America has the conditions to do so both internally and externally, we can conclude that God will plan to make a historical final settlement in this country. Will God be interested in this issue or not? "He will." Will He be interested in America or not? "He will." The Unification Church must awaken this issue in America and present the direction to go.

Why would God send Reverend Moon to America to work when there are urgent issues in Korea that have nothing to do with America? It is to quickly create one nation, one people, and one world with a great religion. If America unites with the Unification Church, it will save the nations of the world in an instant. Can it not save them? "It can." The problem is the communists, the communists. If God exists, the conclusion arises that such work cannot be avoided.

That is why the Unification Church must settle the matter in America. This is a heavenly command on earth. If we cannot unite the people of America with this ideology, we cannot unite the people of the world. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."

Then, can we really do that with the truth of the Unification Church and its movement? Can we completely assimilate the transnational? That is the problem. Do you think that is possible? "Yes." We must unify the five races.

Are we fighting? "No." Rather than fighting, we want to engage in international marriages. Such issues are arising. Do you want Reverend Moon to arrange your marriages, or do you want to do it your way? "Reverend Moon...." Go ahead and try it your way. Why, why, why? To make me look bad, you little brats! (Laughter) No matter how much the world studies that, they will not understand. You have to believe in the Unification Church to know. What, are you crazy? Yes, you are crazy? "Yes." (Laughter) That is right. The world is crazy, and we are normal. (Applause)

From that perspective, the movement of the Unification Church in America today is undoubtedly a struggle to bear a providential mission and to make a historical final judgment.

So, Reverend Moon appears in the American Congress, and everyone sits at the top.... If I sleep for just six months, I can make them push me out. If I stay with them for three days, or even a week, I will persuade them to lead according to what God wants. The current President Ford is the same. Does he know what will happen to the world in the future? Does he know how to educate the youth? Does he know how to resolve divorce issues? Does he know how to save Christianity as it declines? Does he know how to rescue the world from the threat of communism? He knows nothing. It is completely dark. Everything is dark.

What is wrong with teaching them the answers to these problems to make America better and the world better? Why are they jealous? They oppose without even listening or finding out?

Look. Reverend Moon has faced opposition for 30 years, yet he has not perished and has laid down such a global foundation; that ability must be recognized. You must know that he is superior to anyone else. If he has created wealth equivalent to tens of millions of dollars in a short time after coming to America, that ability must be acknowledged. And if he has transformed the spirit of these hippie youths and given them a clear perspective on the nation and the world and a certain view of God, that ability must be recognized. That ability must be recognized. Can the President of the United States do that? "No." Can President Kennedy or President Lincoln do that? Not a chance. Think about it.

Look. A person born in a small Asian country like Korea comes to a huge nation that governs the world and boldly speaks out; we need to understand what kind of guts that takes. Who does he trust, when the current nation is opposed to him? Does he trust America? Everyone opposes him. The religion opposes him, everyone.... But who does he trust? He trusts God. God is stronger than the American people.

Now, let’s all fight. Is it worth fighting? "Yes." When did that happen? (Laughter) It happened when you met the teacher, right? "Yes." So, did it turn out bad or good? "Good." If it is good now, it is good even if you die; it is eternally good. Do you understand? "Yes." Then it is worth fighting for. In this fight, even if we cannot win all the small battles, if we win the world battle once, we win everything. Among us are families, nations, and everything. We want to engage in this fight. This is what we are doing with American Christianity. And this is what we are doing with American communism. Can we retreat in this fight? "No."

The providential significance of the Yankee Stadium conference
Now, let’s conclude. Since we know the time, let’s conclude. We have everything that God desires. We have the family that God desires. Is that right? "Yes." We have the religion that God desires, and we have the background of the nation that God desires. Now we just need to lay the global foundation that God desires.

That is what we plan to do in 1976. The 200 years of America is to indemnify 2,000 years. By 210 years, America’s fate will be decided. If America does not find its way by then, communism will completely swallow America.

Our third seven-year course is until 1981. It cannot be until then. Adding three years to this, until 1984, if we do not establish ourselves by the time the 43rd President of the United States is in office.... I see that we will not surpass the 43rd. Just wait and see. From King David to Jesus, there are 42 generations. We have 40 generations. We consider the three generations of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob as one generation, so we have 40 generations. America must indemnify 2,000 years of history in 200 years, but we can do it in 20 years. That is how it works.

So, in the third seven-year course, we will complete the first three years in 1969, 70, and 71, finish the second seven-year course by 1972, 73, and 74, and complete the third seven-year course in 1975, 76, and 77. Therefore, this year is the central year of the three-year course. That year coincides perfectly with the 200 years. Where will that decision be made? It will be made at Yankee Stadium. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

The victory at this place can indemnify the failures of Cain, Noah, Abraham, Moses, John the Baptist, Jesus, and all the failures of Christianity up to now, representing a global nation and settling everything in one final settlement. When we achieve a groundbreaking victory here, it will become an issue for the American religious community and all sectors of America. If that happens, then rather than opposing Reverend Moon, they will have to study him, study. Do you think that will happen? You will also have to study. Everyone looks up to the top.

When we push this fight all the way to the Washington conference, this nation will be transformed. Do you think I have ever dreamed of appearing in this fight for the providential final settlement of indemnity? This fight is unprecedented and will not happen again. It is the first and the last. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Then what you need to think about is that Noah failed because he was not serious at that time. He did not think that he was standing in place of heaven in every single action. The mistakes of Abraham's offering, Moses striking the rock twice, John the Baptist's actions regarding Jesus, and even Jesus himself all failed because they were not serious while living in their time. They never even dreamed that they would be replaced like this.

Do you think that this Yankee Stadium conference marks a historical turning point where heaven's will, all of history, and the fate of the world intersect? Do you think so? Do you feel that this is the reality? You might think, "Oh, the teacher says so, so it must be true," but do you really feel like, "This is the last turning point that must be broken through. Here, I must make a turn." God thinks that way too. God also decisively hopes, "I must win this fight." The teacher knows that too. He has known and prepared for it. Therefore, you must also be the same, you must be the same.

Now is the time for a historical final settlement
Looking at our principle, God, Adam, and the archangel must become one. When there is Abel and Cain, if the teacher is Abel, what are you? "Cain." Then who must completely make them one? That is the problem. The teacher teaches that. Then you must become like what the teacher feels and enter into absolute obedience before God centered on the teacher. Have you become one? "Yes." Are you one, or do you want to become one? "We are one." You want to become one, right? That does not mean you have not become one? In the course of restoration, Cain must become one with Abel and become one before God's will, obeying. When you become one like this, will God be present or not? "He will." That is the principle. God knows that this is a final settlement fight, and the teacher knows that, so you must know that too.

Therefore, you must think, "I am the resurrected body of Abraham, the resurrected body of Moses, the resurrected body representing the Israelite nation and historical existence." Therefore, you must leave victories in the fight to clear away history, the present, and the future. Do you think so? "Yes."

The teacher is thinking of completely crushing and settling all historical responsibilities here. God thinks so too. If the three become one, no matter what happens, we will win. That is why the Yankee Stadium gathering will be drawn together by any wind that blows. They will come without even realizing it. They will come.

I am standing at this point of making a historical final settlement. At this time, it is like when Jesus was going to the Garden of Gethsemane, when Abraham was pleading while offering Isaac on Mount Moriah, and when Grandpa Noah was sleeping naked after the judgment. It is all such a time. You must feel it. It is like the feeling when Jesus was going up to the Garden of Gethsemane. You must experience this as I speak these words to you on the first Sunday of understanding.

You must have the belief that "If I strike once, history will be pushed back. If I push it away, history will be pushed back." Since God thinks that way and the teacher thinks that way, you must be able to become one in a position of absolute obedience, like the staff held by Moses or Isaac before Abraham. There is no other way to bring victory here.

That is why you must shed tears greater than the tears that Jesus and Moses shed. You must stand at a standard more serious than when Abraham offered Isaac. You must be above the mistakes of John the Baptist. You must be above the state of Jesus praying in the Garden of Gethsemane. Then everything will be fulfilled. This is the final....

When you listen to the teacher's words and follow them, it will be a blessing for you and your descendants, but if you cannot follow them, you must know that there will be accountability from heaven. Do you know that Cain and Abel must become one? Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, we must understand that we are going through a place more serious than when Jesus carried the cross.

Now, you must emotionally experience that you will not fail in this solemn responsibility before God or before the will, and that you will dedicate your whole being according to what heaven desires. And in that place of experience...
We must pledge a new beginning before heaven. *
6)
In this land, among countless humanity or individuals, I believe there is no one who does not wish to succeed throughout their life. This applies equally to both women and men. Just as individuals desire this, our homes and families do as well, as do races, nations, and countries. The current era, which is referred to as a global age, is one where left and right are in conflict and struggling against each other, and we are facing this reality.

Victory and defeat are determined around a certain moment. So what is the final battle? It is the struggle between the spiritual world and the physical world. In other words, the battle of whether heaven will prevail or earth will prevail, whether God will win or Satan will win, is what remains. When we view it this way, we fail to seriously consider that all the fates of victory and defeat are determined around a certain moment.

If we quietly reflect on our individual lives, we realize that by meeting a certain person and having a single conversation, paths that could lead to ruin or prosperity can emerge in our lives. The same goes for families. A passing guest can bring about anger or happiness simply by passing through one’s home.

When we look at a country, the fate of that nation can fluctuate due to a single mistake made by a diplomat or a sovereign. Whether in God’s work or on this earth, everything can go right or left depending on whether that one person sent by heaven does well or poorly in a single moment. Do you understand that? “Yes.” If all beings with desires and all existing things are like that, then today, our Unification Church, as an existing entity, cannot be an exception to this principle.

For that reason, the fate of the Unification Church is undoubtedly determined by whether the person named Moon, who is leading the Unification Church, does well or poorly in a single moment. However, ordinary people living on this earth do not know what kind of moment can determine victory and defeat, and throughout history, people have not known this and have passed on to their fates.

When we look at America, is it prospering or declining? There is a boundary line. There must be some boundary line, but do you know that boundary line? You do not know. As you live, do you ever think about when America could be in such a situation? In the midst of not knowing or thinking about it, we realize that America is losing strength and becoming ill as it crosses over the peak of victory and defeat.

Just like cancer, history progresses with everything becoming a wreck and showing symptoms just before death. If the entire nation were to know this, each individual would want to take responsibility, but no one knows it.

The smallest things can be the key to rise and fall.
What day is it today? “It’s January 11.” Then when does this 11th day start? “It starts from twelve o'clock.” That is a universal thought. “Now, it’s morning. Ding, it’s morning.” Can we say that it’s right? No matter how many people there are in the world, only one person among 4 billion people will get it right. It is difficult to understand. Think about it. Is there a boundary between yesterday and today, or is there not? There must be an even narrower boundary than that.

When you see the tides, the incoming and outgoing tides appear different depending on your perspective. From here, it seems like it is coming in, and from the front, it seems like it is starting to come in from there. That’s how it is. So, in your life, do you not go without knowing the path you are taking? Are you not going without knowing? Some people think they have crossed the boundary line when they have only gone about one-third of the way. How about you?

Then let’s think about what kind of person succeeds in this world. It is the person who prepares for the moment when that boundary line comes, at any time. You must understand that. If I do not know, the other side knows. If I am on this side and there is that side, if I do not know, the other side knows. Who must know first?

Ultimately, victory and defeat, rise and fall, are determined by the force that pushes me away. That is the truth. If the desire to play is stronger than the desire to study, then all studying will be put aside. When taking a test, a single dot on a letter in one answer can determine the course of one’s life. Do you understand that?

If you have a habit of not putting a dot, when you take a test and do not put a dot on the ‘i’ in history, that could lead to failing. Have you ever thought that by not putting a dot, one becomes a loser, and by putting a dot, one becomes a winner? Picking up a piece of paper that was flying and memorizing a single word can become a significant motivation for solving one’s test problems. Do you understand that? “Yes.”

Therefore, whether my life rises or falls depends on the conditions I encounter, and that can be the key to rise and fall. It is not something big. It is extremely small. It happens in an instant.

The same goes for marriage. A chance encounter with someone on the street, a single word exchanged, can lead to a good impression, and then marriage can happen. When we think about it seriously, even a single spoonful of rice can be a matter of life and death. If you skip one spoonful, it may not lead to illness, but by eating one spoonful more, it could lead to illness. This applies to everything—what I say, what I see, what I hear, and how I act. We must respect the moments that govern our lives.

To correct the direction of life, one must go the right way.
This morning, you said you had to go by ten o'clock, so you hurriedly drove here. On the way, you probably thought about who would come and observed passing people. From a single thought, everything can sway your life.

Sometimes, while walking, you could get hit by a car and end up in the hospital. You might think that being hospitalized is a misfortune, but there you could meet someone and find success. That someone, during this competition, the one who got their head injured? Michael… When you see someone who has injured their leg and head, you might think, “Why did that happen?” You would call it unfortunate. But it’s not just unfortunate. That’s the nature of fate. Therefore, one should not be discouraged by such events, nor should one be overly joyful about good things. This is the conclusion.

When something good happens, people enjoy it among themselves, but when something big happens and they are told to go that way, if they say, “Oh, what do you mean go?” that leads to ruin. Conversely, if they are sad and told to go that way because something good is there, they must go. One must always think about such things. You see people dying at weddings and living in places of death, as seen often in movies. You see that a lot, right? “I can’t do that.” Do you have that guarantee? “No.” It’s all a “No.” Thinking about that makes it serious. Therefore, humans cannot live with ease.

Being safe and having no issues means you are currently standing between these two. You must understand that. Do you always go with only good things in your life? Do you always go with only bad things? No, right? Just as individuals experience this, nations and the world do as well. God’s providence is also the same.

In light of this, what you should always think about is the concept of moderation. In Eastern thought, there is the term moderation. You must always think about this. (While writing) You must think about this line. You must know where you are. The right side symbolizes heaven, and the left side symbolizes Satan; you must know at what angle and how far you are going from here.

You must have some line of moderation that says, “I am going this way. This is how I am going.” Do you have that? “Yes.” Ordinary people, especially those in business, have their own perspectives on how to conduct business. Students have their own direction for studying.

Now, what direction do we Unification Church members have? Even in the Yankee Stadium competition, it is about heading toward the tremendous goal of God’s will. What is God’s will? It is to complete the ideal of creation. What does it mean to complete the ideal of creation? It means to fulfill the expectation of the son-in-law. What is the expectation of the son-in-law? It is when the individual completes themselves and the partner completes themselves, and together they must see the fruit of perfect love for the expectation of the son-in-law to be fulfilled.

Then what kind of person is the one who has completed? They are greater than the universe. They dominate the world. Now, will you be able to dominate the world like this? Then the world will become like this. (While writing) If two people are like this, it is unstable. It is an unstable love. If I raise my hand to draw a vertical line, if it tilts even a little, that is already unstable.

From that perspective, whose responsibility is the most important? The responsibility that we Unification Church members carry is the most important. Do you think so? “Yes.”

It is growing now. It has not fully grown yet; it is in the process of growing. So how much do you want to grow? This is how it grows. As individuals, they grow as individuals; as families, they grow as families… They grow as much as the family does. It keeps expanding like this, and the higher you go, the wider it becomes. Isn’t that right? Do you want to go higher? “Higher.” Higher? How much? “Higher.” Nation, world, and then? “Higher.” Shall we stop at heaven? “No.” Where shall we go? We are going with God’s love. After reaching there, what do we do next? We must return. We must return, right? When one becomes that person, where is God? God rushes toward me. So wherever I go, it is heaven. How much do we stumble? The higher we go, the wider it becomes.

Do you like to rise? “Yes.” Then at what stage are you? You want to come out from here. (Laughter) Your hearts are swaying; are you tightly holding on, or is your heart wavering while you continue to rise? What is it? (While writing) Those who have objections have not yet reached here. They are still wavering here. This is the center, but it is swaying. If you are at the top and are tied straight, will such a person become like this? If you rise from here, it seems like you will become like this. How is it? You will be somewhere. “Tomorrow morning, I will definitely be here!” That is the problem.

When you look at a tree, you can tell if it is growing straight or crooked. Do you want to grow like this, or do you want to grow crooked? “Straight.” You have a lot of desires. Did it grow upright, or did it grow crooked? What were you originally like?

What is this? It has become like this, but when will someone correct it? It must be corrected, but when should it be corrected? Before marriage, or after marriage? “Before marriage.” Why can’t it be corrected after marriage? If you ask your partner to correct it, wouldn’t it be great if you both help each other? (Laughter) Is it definitely before marriage? “Yes.” Therefore, the play of correcting and the education of correction must be done before getting married, and it is concluded that this education is more necessary from parents than the education received after growing up.

Some people say, “If you believe in Jesus, you will go to heaven, so I can just believe in Jesus a week before I die.” They think like this. How convenient would that be? That is a foolish thought. It is foolish. By that time, it is too late. Because it has become habitual, it has already solidified, so no matter what, it cannot be done. Therefore, if religion is a place that recreates and reforms people, then those who believe in religion must be young people.

Does God not know this? Does He know? “He has the power to do as He pleases.” But that is not the case. When there is a young tree, can a president with the responsibility of leading 240 million citizens in America, who is in a position to tell a crooked tree to stand straight, make it straight? “Hey, the president is saying that, and you are doing that?” It cannot be done. What must be done? It must be done once, twice, three times, and it must be done repeatedly. If that does not work, it must be tied to a sturdy tree.

You are the same. Why do you jump here in the morning? You keep doing this to correct yourselves. “Oh, I have to tie myself up again from the morning.” You want to be tied up around the teacher, right? “Yes.” Even if the head is like this and the legs are like that, the body must be tied together. It is the same.

The Unification Church is a place that corrects wandering humans.
Fortunately, our Unification Church has many young people. “To correct like this, we need young people, so God, please give me young people.” I have said this. God listens to my words well. In the churches opposing the Unification Church, there are only old people, while the Unification Church has many young people.
Reverend Moon is said to have been brainwashed through mind control. (Laughter)  
Everyone, how hard is it to break through this in your lifetime? Do you want to jump up one by one? How about it? Do you want to ride a horse, take a train, or fly in an airplane? "I want to fly in an airplane." While living on horseback, when you fly in an airplane in front of someone who says, "Isn't it better to live like this on a horse? What’s the point of all that?" they say, "Where did you go? Oh!" Where did you go? (Laughter) You flew away, and they say you disappeared and are crazy. Then you all would have died. (Laughter) "No." What are you? "I rode a jumbo jet." Is this a jumbo? "Yes." Where are you going now?  
Do you want to ride the pastors of established churches, Presbyterian pastors, or Billy Graham, or do you want to ride the teacher? "I want to ride Father." I’m on a horse, you know? "No." What happens when you ride that horse? Everyone will run away. Once you get a taste of it, if this is like a fortune-telling place, once you know the taste, you will just throw everything away and want to ride like this. (Acting) That’s why in the end, you will say you want to ride the teacher. "No." What do you mean no?  
Then if you ride a jumbo, how will you ride it? (Writing while speaking) Do you want to start from here, go around in a circle, and go like this, or do you want to go straight? Are you going to ride and get off? "No." What’s the point of going around? How nice would it be to go straight like this? Here is Bellverdi, here is Yankee Stadium, and here is Washington. How nice would that be? Do you want to go around like this? Ah, you can go like this too. You can go. (Writing while speaking)  
The world is turning like this now. Everyone is turning like this, but a person named Reverend Moon is sitting and going straight, so they just say he’s crazy. Who is crazy? Is it them, or is it you? Who is crazy? "It’s them." It’s you. (Laughter) It can be like that. It can be like that.  
A small country like Korea has landed in America and is shaking this America. Even in the spiritual world, it shakes. How about you? You also have your heads shaking. Your hands are shaking, your legs are shaking…. But you can hold on. You can hold on before heaven. It’s the same as going to Seoul no matter how you go.  
You must have the ability to fight against Satan and take away the trophy of victory. When I look, centered around the teacher, some people are with the same mindset, and some people are upside down. There are also people who are upside down with their legs like this. That’s how it has become. You are all in that shape. It’s certain. "Ah, that’s wrong. I’m like this with the teacher. I’m not upside down." You might say that. Then, raise your hand if you’re not upside down. Oh my, what about raising hands…. (Laughter) That’s how it is.  
Then would the teacher want to destroy the Unification Church or develop it? "Develop it...." Why? Why is that? Is it because of God? "Yes." Is that all? "No." It’s because of Satan. It’s because of this Satan that we cannot fail. We cannot lose because of God, and we cannot lose because of Satan. Do you understand what I’m saying? When I get tired, God loses. So because of these two, I cannot lose. That’s how I think.  
The trophy of victory is not received from God. It must be taken from Satan. The trophy of victory is not given by God. It must be taken from Satan. So what does God do? He can only cheer. "Do well, do well, Reverend Moon, do well." That’s God.  
Now, when a marathon runner is running, should the marathon runner come in first, or should the king of that country come in first? The runner is running on behalf of the king, representing the country. But can the king say, "Oh, you’re tired? I’ll run for you"? The king cannot do that. He can only say, "Do well, do well."  
Who should become the champion? That runner should be the champion so that the king can automatically be in the glory of the champion, and the entire nation can be in the glory. That’s what the Unification Church understands. The established church says, "Oh, the king must run, the king…." No matter how much he runs, can he come in first? He cannot. Does everyone think they are in God’s position? Stop that nonsense. If that were the case, it would have been done 6,000 years ago. It would have been done thousands of years ago.  
So what kind of mindset is good? Is it better for God to win against Satan, or is it better for God’s beloved sons and daughters, God’s people, to win against Satan? When God’s sons and daughters win against Satan in the Satanic society, their father naturally goes to the place of glory. That’s how it should be. When God fights and wins, Satan retreats before God, but for those sons and daughters who do not fight and do not have the ability to win, Satan can invade them at any time, anytime. Then he can invade that people at any time. He can invade at any time. The fundamental problem is that different.  
Who creates heaven? "We do." You? "Yes." How many years or months have you been in the Unification Church? Have you changed from a few months ago to now? "Yes." In the past, you hoped for something or relied on someone, but now you have changed to say, "I will create heaven with my own hands"? "Yes." Is that true? "Yes." I don’t believe it. How do you prove that? How do you prove it?  
You must work hard. Fight against Satan and drive him out. You must become a fighter against Satan and charge in. Young men, go into those women living naked. Will they fall? Yes, won’t they? If they don’t know they are naked and then you teach them to wear clothes, they should all come out and say, "Yes, that’s right. Oh, I’m embarrassed, oh, I’m embarrassed." Do you have the qualification to teach like that? "Yes."  
What about women? They put on makeup and do things to look pretty for men, but how about you? No matter how handsome a man comes and says something, can you teach them? "Yes." Is that true? "Yes." Women are weak. (Laughter) You must always be careful, always.  
So, is it okay to put them in like that? "Yes." Even if you encounter a harsh environment, do you have confidence to stir everything up and go out? How about it? Can you do that? "Yes." If you do that, dust will get on you, poop will get on you, thorns will prick you, and you will get all dirty. That’s all good. But after going through that, you have the right to wash it off anytime. You just need to know this. You can wash it off at will, and only those who have that ability can say they can do it. Can you do that? "Yes." Then the teacher can believe you. I can believe it.  
We must fight to correct America with our strength.  
We Unification Church members must not go into debt. People who live in debt and die go to hell. What will you become? Do you want to be a debtor, or do you want to be someone who clears debts? "Someone who clears debts." You must clear debts for individuals, families, nations, and then for the world, before God, and before heaven and earth. You must go while clearing debts, saying, "I loved God’s love, but I can’t say God didn’t love me."  
Does Reverend Moon owe you a debt, or do you owe Reverend Moon a debt? What is it? "We owe a debt." You are helping by fundraising like this? I taught you all that. What do you know? I taught you everything. The belief that I will crush the Satanic world with my own hands, that I will break into the Satanic world, I taught you that too.  
So you are in debt. To repay that debt, you cannot pay it back in your entire life, even if you die old. Do you understand that? "Yes." Whether you are black, white, or yellow, if you enter Reverend Moon’s ideology, you will become someone who works hard day and night, 24 hours.  
Reverend Moon, even in Korea, is busy, and even when he comes to America, he is busy, but my path is busy. In America, the Christian ideology, what democratic ideology, will be pierced immediately. Who will pierce it? Let’s see. The strong one wins, the strong one. Are you strong? Do you have confidence to pierce? "Yes."  
Is it better for these two to stay still, or is this better? (Writing while speaking) Which is better? This street has only this hole pierced, can it be done with just this? This can get bigger. What do you want? How long is this street? How many times larger is it? Your strength must go into this street several times. How many times more does it take?  
If there are 240 million Americans and we have about 120 million, we can push them all at once. That’s what it means. It depends on how strong our total mobilization power is. How strong is the power to push out when fully mobilized? If it is stronger than America, then this is unnecessary. We will push back.  
Now, this is sharp. Should I stand, or should you stand? "We should stand." Me, or you? "Us." Why is that? The teacher must hold the bag and push. There must be someone who pushes. No matter how thick it is, it must be pushed to pierce. Can it pierce without pushing? Should it be left alone to pierce well, or should it be pressed hard to pierce well? How should it be done to pierce well?  
Just like a motor is running, do we have the ability to turn? Do you have the ability to turn, everyone? "Yes." If you press hard, should it go pop pop pop, and should it turn? How should it turn? To turn well, you must be turning from the start. Then even if you press, it will turn, but if you want to start from the very beginning while pressing, it will turn like this.  
Are you turning now? "Yes." Should we press hard, or should we press gently? "Press hard." Then there will be a fire. So, you must pour water. Now, is that worthwhile? Is it worthwhile to go for a year and twelve months just like that? What do you want? That’s why New York is swirling and saying, "Oh." New York is doing that, and it’s a mess. Why is New York shaking? Because we are trying to win completely. Do you think that’s good? "Yes."  
Now, let’s try it. I will push, so do you want to go out? "Yes." Do you think, "Oh, I don’t like this place, and I don’t like that place. I’d rather just stay here"? Where will you be? Where will you be? Where is important? The place where the teacher is is the headquarters office, and the place where you are is the front line. So, where do you want to go?  
What will you become? Do you want to be infantry, artillery, or a pilot? You must become a pilot. You must be a pilot who eats missiles and cannonballs. Do you want to be a pilot who goes da da da da? (Laughter) That’s the kind of game you must play. At the front line, you must think, "We are all doing this. Oh, can we do this?" You must not think that way. When the war starts, you must do it first. You must shoot the cannon and shoot with the plane. (Laughter) That’s why we must think about three-dimensional operations.  
That’s why you must not think that I am the only one going out. When the time comes, people from all over the world will flock to the Unification Church. Just thinking about that makes you feel good, doesn’t it? "Yes." You must not think that you are alone. "The whole world’s Unification Church members are mobilized because of me, and because of me, this fight is happening." You must think like that. If you think that the entire family in America, the entire family in the world, and eventually God and the teacher are mobilized because of me, how good does that feel? It feels good, right? "Yes." It is the truth. The victory of that day is not Reverend Moon’s victory. It is God’s victory, the victory of the whole.  
You need preparation and training to deliver the decisive blow that determines victory and defeat.  
To conclude what has been said so far, in the end, rise and fall is determined in an instant, in a moment. Everyone, is this horizontal? There is a horizontal scale, right? (Writing while speaking) You must place something on it so that it becomes horizontal. The balance must be right. But this one thing…. At that time, one, one is the problem. When you put this down, it starts to tilt, right? It will fall over.  
The decision of victory and defeat is made by one person. It is decided in an instant by one person. If a person here knows that, if someone does something and it goes boom, they want to flip it over right there. If someone goes, it will fall over like this. That’s why you must have the mindset to do it until the last moment. Because of such things, the universe goes back and forth. Can it be like that? "Yes." If a little child pulls this hair, what will happen? What will happen? That insignificant child can turn the universe upside down.  
Everyone, if you have to pay back 1 billion dollars in one second but only have 999,999,999 dollars, what will you do? Can you say, "I will give you all this money in one second, so let’s exchange it for 1 dollar"? Can you do that? This 1 dollar can determine the fate of everything. My effort can influence this, my thought can influence this, and what I see and hear can influence this.  
That’s why you must always be prepared. You must have leisure. Are you prepared? "Yes." "I’ll do it when the time comes. The Yankee Stadium event will be done then." You cannot do that. There are still four months until the event, but you want to finish it in a month. If that day comes…. You must prepare. Those who prepare do not fail. After that, you must train for that task. Those who train do not fail.  
In the case of the Vietnam War, even if the equipment is well-equipped, if the army is not trained…. Therefore, preparation and training are absolutely necessary. Important times come to every existence from individuals to the world. At that time, you must carefully choose your own path of fate that will determine victory and defeat. If you have met such a time and do not deliver the decisive blow to bring victory to yourself, you must understand that you will become a loser.  
Let’s fight until the end to succeed in the Yankee Stadium event.  
Now, do you have confidence to deliver the decisive blow? "Yes." Can you blow it away so that everything flies away? "Yes." Then you must prepare to that extent. If I grab New York alone, there will be a commotion in New York. If I pull like this, it will definitely work.
If you do it this way, it’s like saying “Ugh!” It’s like saying, “Oh dear, Reverend Moon will listen, so please just leave me alone.” If you shake it like this, it will fall again, so you say, “Please listen to me and let me go.” 

What does that mean? The people of New York have now all decided, “We will go to the Yankee Stadium event, so the Unification Church members should just stay quiet. Take a little nap.” That’s how it is. (Laughter, applause) Once we hold the Yankee Stadium event, it will all tighten up everywhere in New York. We must completely dominate this important time that only happens once in a historical era. Let’s put on the crown of victory and stand proudly before the Father, having come this far through Washington! Filling this place is your responsibility. I will take care of the rest. (Applause)

The final moment, which is tied to history, God’s providential destiny, and the teacher’s life, is approaching regarding life and death in America. We should not fear this time but rather boldly overcome it like valiant warriors. I must concentrate all my eyes, ears, nose, mouth, hands, cells, and heart in one place. Are you all ready for that? “Yes.” 

When you eat, think that you are eating Yankee Stadium food; when you wear clothes, think that you are wearing Yankee Stadium clothes; when you walk, think that you are walking the Yankee Stadium path. You should do this even when you sleep. Even in your dreams, you should talk about Yankee Stadium. When you greet each other… it’s fine among yourselves, but don’t do that to others. (Laughter)

An important moment is calling us. So, will you not sleep and just go? What will you do? Will you go alone? Will you take someone with you? “We will take someone with us.” Wonderful! (Laughter) If America is like this, what will happen to the Yankee Stadium event? After that, there will be nowhere to go, just going around in circles. We are continually rising. If we leave it alone, it will be a big problem, so God will come down… Then God will say, “You can laugh now. You did well. You did something really good.” (Applause)

Such a moment is waiting for us, so I hope you will not be losers here but become heavenly sons and daughters who demonstrate the authority of victors, and I will conclude my remarks. 

We must fight for the day of victory
I suddenly held this meeting because I have urgent matters to attend to in Korea the day after tomorrow or the day after that. When I go to Korea, I might come back quickly or it might take a bit longer. I will have to see when I get there. Since I am the owner, ultimately, it means that I will be in a position without an owner, so you all must take on the responsibilities that I would have. Only then can I work in peace even while I am in Korea.

As you know, the economic situation regarding the Yankee Stadium event is quite serious. We are in a position where we must come up with urgent economic measures, so we are paying considerable attention to that. This issue cannot be solved by America alone; we need to collaborate with various countries, so when I return from Korea, I might stop by Europe for a moment. So, it’s not just for fun.

You will learn the news in a month, but we must discuss this issue, which is tied to the overall problems in Asia. We are coming to a time when we must resolve such urgent issues. If we don’t, even if we hold the Yankee Stadium event, we will not be able to move the world forward from Asia.

Regarding the recent bombing incident in France, I think it is a considerable loss from our perspective, but I do not see it that way. Rather, I see it as a good sign. The fact that our Unification Church, a small minority group, is being attacked by the world’s communists and established churches indicates that the strong are attacking the weak. You may have seen it in the New York Times yesterday, but the fact that communists and conservative Catholics or established Christians are demonstrating against us, even though they oppose us, is a good thing in the overall trend because the public can sympathize with us.

When the strong hit the weak, even if the weak has done wrong, human psychology is to sympathize with the weak. In that sense, the Unification Church has done nothing wrong. Even when they tried to eliminate the Unification Church, the French police said, “As a country that allows religious freedom, we cannot do anything because it has not harmed the state.” If the general public understands this from that perspective, it will be recognized as an attempt to slander the weak, and the public will completely side with us.

What we need now is only to move forward
Now, because of this incident, the focus of the democratic world is gathering around the French incident, and the focus of the communist world and the Christian world… Looking at this world, the problem is what? The democratic world, the communist world, the Christian world, and then the Islamic world, which Christians dislike, are all interconnected, so this is a global incident. The fact that all these issues revolve around us, and that we are being doubted and attacked, is a good thing because it gives us the conditions to counterattack in the future.

The third seven-year course is a global era following the first and second seven-year courses. In this global era, several countries are becoming problematic… Issues are arising in Japan, Germany, France, and America, and the Unification Church is being attacked in various countries, which is providentially significant because the second year of the third seven-year course corresponds to the second year of Jesus’ three-year public life centered on the nation. Therefore, we must be attacked.

The second year in this three-year period is the most difficult time. We are also in the second year of the three-year course in the global era, so we must overcome this offensive and attack. That’s why a fierce battle will unfold centered around the Yankee Stadium event.

Some people see this and say, “It’s complicated and controversial, so let’s retreat a bit and take a break,” but that’s not the issue. We have no choice but to move forward. Are you thinking that way? “Yes.” Who will do it? “We will.” You all? “Yes.”

We must work hard to heal sick Christianity and America
Think about it. In America, two-thirds of the population, 120 million people, boast that they are registered Christian believers. However, they are sick. Since they are sick, there should be doctors to prescribe treatment, but there is no one to do that. What is the best medicine, the best prescription for those leading established Christianity? It is young people who love Christianity and fight for it; you must understand that these young people are the medicine and prescription. 

For the members of established churches, the prescription is young people. You are the ones who have taken the medicine and have been healed. You are the ones who have cured the sickness. Therefore, I think they need young people from the Unification Church. That’s why the Yankee Stadium event is to teach them that prescription. We must save them no matter what, so let’s try the medicine. (Laughter) That’s the reality.

If that happens, what kind of people will you be? You will be the ones who distribute medicine, the ones who promote good doctors to heal the sick. Think about it. How many young people in America are decaying and becoming sick? Consider how many people are becoming worthless. That’s why when you hand out a flyer, you are promoting a hospital and teaching them the method of treatment. So, we must approach it with that mindset.

Therefore, this time, the teacher’s strategy is to strengthen the diplomatic team, the coordination team, and the PR team. We are reinforcing that. And there are pastors who are doing interdenominational movements here, but what they need to do is to go to churches and move the current pastors to bring them out. They have that responsibility.

So, in this operation, who will we heal first? We will heal Christians first. After that, we will heal the general public. That’s it. There are only two. If we heal Christians and the American citizens, there will be no sick people left in America. It will become a healthy America. That’s why Christianity and society are becoming issues this time.

To do that, we need more people, but we do not have many. Therefore, how we promote through the nationwide PR organization is crucial. Our members are fighting fiercely here in New York. So, we must make it known through the PR organization and the media that it is a fierce battle.

Now, what must we do to achieve that? We must mobilize the New York Times, and then CBS, ABC, NBC, and all of them. What do we need for that? We need money. That’s possible. We can buy a whole day’s worth of the New York Times for promotion. Just think about buying about ten pages. If that happens, it will become an issue. “Wow, Reverend Moon really has a lot of money.” Then America will talk more. Also, “No one has ever promoted like this through all media.” That’s what will happen. Then it will be easier for you to work.

Those who oppose us, who sacrifice for God and the world, will perish
Anyway, even if Reverend Moon is bad, isn’t what Reverend Moon is doing amazing? When comparing the great things he is doing, are there more bad things than good? If you compare that, it doesn’t even compare. First, is it good or bad to make communists say they can’t live and want to die? Is that bad? And since he has done good for Americans, is that good or bad? If you say that’s bad, then you are a communist. This is something that is recognized as good.

And is it a good idea or a bad idea to innovate this failing Christianity? Even if it’s hard, we must do such things, so why oppose it? Why not encourage it instead of opposing it? Just give it to me for about three years and see if it works or not.

Then, regarding young people, whether it’s brainwashing or whatever, to stop those who take drugs and to make those who engage in free sex stop, to make them all clean and excellent Americans, what is wrong with that? That’s religious thought.

Look, Jesus said the same thing. He said that unless one is born again, one cannot enter the kingdom of heaven. Where is there more brainwashing than that? That’s brainwashing. To enter the kingdom of heaven, one must be opposed to the bad world; do you think you can enter the kingdom of heaven while being like the world? Do you oppose that?

Now, even if Reverend Moon has brainwashed people, when did Reverend Moon forcibly grab someone and hit them or not feed them? Did he lock them in a dark basement and isolate them from the outside? He made everything public; what kind of brainwashing is that? You fools! Also, Reverend Moon doesn’t even speak English, so he brainwashed through an interpreter, you fools? (Laughter) They are like common thieves. No one believes that. Did Reverend Moon make them train? It was the disciples who trained them. Stop talking nonsense. Have you been there?

Did I exploit you by coming to your country and sucking your blood? I would have preferred to suffer more than you. Think about it. Do you think it’s easy to create such problems for three years while sitting quietly? Would you think it’s easy? In that sense, you must recognize that Reverend Moon has worked harder than any other leader and has had a greater influence, which is why we have come to this result.

Also, what’s wrong with working hard, going out at dawn, and working until night? Let’s talk about that. They work eight hours a day for themselves, but today we say we will work eight hours for ourselves and then eight hours for others; what’s wrong with that? Is it wrong to work for others? Is that wrong? If that’s wrong, then America will perish, and this world will perish.

In the world, if you work hard for eight hours for your family, you are considered a model citizen. But we are sacrificing our families, our bodies, and our whole selves to save the world and fulfill God’s will, and you criticize that? If you oppose that, you will be punished. You will perish. You should praise that. Is that bad? How much should we praise that? If you hold on and talk, none of this… Is this wrong?

If I don’t eat while others eat three meals, and we eat two meals or even one meal to quickly save the people of this world and help the hungry and the needy, is that wrong? Is it wrong to work while not eating?

For example, if blood needs to be supplied and someone needs a transfusion immediately, there must be someone to give blood, someone who sacrificially donates. But can you say to the person giving blood, “Hey, you’re a bad guy”? It’s the same principle. Can you say that’s bad? That’s not even theoretically correct. No matter how much you oppose it, we will not budge.

Now, if you oppose this historically and from a contemporary moral perspective, can there be a concept of an ideal world, goodness, or morality in the future? No, there cannot be. Is that wrong? Is doing that wrong? Ask anyone. Is that wrong? You fools! (Laughter)

You must fight with a firm belief that you will achieve global victory
You must have this belief. That’s why the teacher says, “Hey, 4 billion people of humanity, oppose me.” No matter how much you oppose me, I will not budge. If there is heaven and a spiritual world, whose side will they take? God needs such people, and those in the spiritual world support such people, and history leaves the tradition and legacy of such people.

So, even though we are persecuted and opposed, we must take the lead first.
The idea is to attack with their cooperation. Until now, we have been pushed back by them, but now we have entered an equal stage. So, we are advertising through the media... This is the operation we are currently undertaking. I believe that as we move beyond March and into mid-April, many factions sympathetic to Reverend Moon will emerge. Once that tipping point is reached, globally... If the issues that have become global problems are resolved in the United States, then it will be resolved everywhere in the world, including France. Do you understand that? We need to have that kind of determination. First of all, the leaders, you leaders, need to have that determination.

We must have a firm belief that we will achieve a global victory through this Yankee Stadium event. So, the more reports come in that you have accomplished difficult tasks, the closer we are to the final decisive moment, and we must have the conviction that we need to conquer this historical moment that we have longed for.

We, the International Mobile Corps, must fight for the day of victory and establish a tradition of fighting for heaven until we die. Although our male and female members have been injured due to the recent explosion in France, they have become heroes. They have become heroes. And the fact that people from the Netherlands and Norway, who are not French, were injured is even more historical. We need to understand that.

So why is that? The fact that foreigners were sacrificed is a good historical material that can firmly establish the tradition of the International Mobile Corps. When France realizes that we have come to this point while serving France and Europe, the French people will have to bow their heads to the Netherlands and Norway as well. Wouldn’t that be the case? “Yes, it would.”

Even if there are many Americans, French, and Germans in the International Mobile Corps, if just one person from another country has been injured, that one person can make that country a globally revered nation. When we think of this fact, I see it as an obligation of the citizens of that country to sacrifice one person for their nation. From this perspective, I see this incident as an amazing event.

How amazing is this incident? Because of this incident, the International Mobile Corps can establish a tradition of fighting for heaven until we die, and a shining new historical standard will remain here. They must understand that they have become heroes in world history. Wouldn’t that be the case? “Yes, it would.”

When I see the injured hand, have you ever thought, “Oh, it’s unfortunate that no Americans were injured”? Have you ever thought, “Oh, I wish a French person had been injured”? If a leg has been amputated and survived, that leg can become a material that can educate billions of humanity in the future. If we bring that out and talk about the fierce realities of France at that time, it can become a good material that makes the entire audience shed tears and resolve to break through this world of enemies.

In the world of such tradition, one can become a person who can move history, so losing a leg is... what is the problem? And that place in France will become a holy site where many people pursuing the history of the Unification Church can pilgrimage. Right now, they are making a fuss saying, “Let’s drive the Unification Church out of this neighborhood,” but I think, “You guys, how ashamed will you be in the historical era?” Wouldn’t that be the case? Is the teacher’s word correct? “Yes.” Your thoughts so far and the teacher’s thoughts are fundamentally different. You might say, “Oh, France is bad” these days, but when you look at it this way, France is really wonderful.

To cross over to the world based on Korea, we must fight with our lives. Now, look. In the missionary history of the Unification Church, who will become the greatest martyr? That martyr becomes a hero. Think about the record that will remain for generations to come that they can be proud of.

You all know Stephen, right? He was an ignorant person. He was a very foolish person. Ah, he went in knowing he would be stoned to death, so he was a foolish guy, wasn’t he? Think about it. Everyone dies once. You all will die once. If you can die from a gunshot or die publicly from being beaten, rather than suffering from a long illness... dying is the same. Which is easier? Dying while doing public work is easier. You need to think that way. In that sense, we are putting our lives on the line and playing this game, putting our lives on the line. New York in America is a land where you can do anything for a hundred dollars. In that land, believing in heaven, I am also playing this game with my life.

After Jesus died on the cross, he went to hell for three days to save hell. Similarly, this period of three years is a global hell. It is thought of as the hell of the world. (The recording briefly cuts off) You need to understand that we are doing this with our lives. I am dedicating everything... You need to understand that.

That’s why we cannot lose in this fight. In the past, Jesus was surrounded by the audience in Pilate's court and died without a word, but now, legally, America is chaotic, but we are staying still. I believe that if they fight among themselves, our side will win.

Restoration through indemnity happens through confrontation with the opponent. Isn’t restoration through indemnity happening in the place of sacrifice? Restoration through indemnity is the evil striking. Looking at Cain and Abel, Cain was on the evil side, but he struck Abel. This is the history we are doing, centered on the whole world. So, whether it’s the Communist Party or established churches, they are all mobilized to attack our Unification Church. What does that mean? It means that we have entered an era where everyone can surrender before us. I find it quite interesting.

Ultimately, what is the center of this fight? It revolves around you, centered on the young people. Who did heaven and earth separate from in the Garden of Eden?

Centered on the Unification Church, currently, the entire world is divided, centered on teenagers. So what happens? Families oppose and rise up. Where do you need to go? You need to find your family to go to heaven. You need to understand this. What comes next is that society, the nation, and the world... So you need to find society to go to the nation. You need to find the nation to go to the world. You need to find the world to unite heaven and earth, and the spiritual world will all unite and launch a total attack. You need to understand that. When did our Unification Church have a history of restoration through indemnity against the world? We haven’t had it. Did we have it? “No.” Now is exactly that time. Now is that time.

Now, the UK has become a problem. Germany has also become a problem. France has become a problem. Then Japan has become a problem. America has also become a problem, all of them. The only country that has not become a problem is Korea, Korea. It has turned the other way. The only country that does not oppose is Korea. Why? Because I am Korean and the Unification Church members are Korean, and since the whole world is pushing against the teacher, Korea has said, “Let’s save the Unification Church. Let’s save our Teacher Moon.” By receiving this opposition, the fact that Korea has stood on our side is a miraculous fact. You need to understand that an amazing absolute foundation has been laid based on the principle of restoration through indemnity.

We have a path to take. We will go out to the world through Korean families, Korean society, and the Korean nation. That is the path we Unification Church members must take. We have that global foundation. You cannot go through your country, but a way has opened through Korea. This is an amazing global fact. Now, a path has opened, hasn’t it?

Now, if we can cross over to the world based on Korea, just getting through these three years will lay the foundation for the world. Jesus died without a national foundation, but Reverend Moon is in a position standing on a national foundation. That’s why, for the world, if we push forward in these three years in America, the world will surrender before our will.

Because Jesus failed on the national standard, Christianity was divided into spirit and flesh, but we will win on the national standard, connecting the physical three-year period to the global foundation, thereby laying the foundation for victory in both the spiritual and physical worlds. Consequently, we will open the path to directly head towards the kingdom of liberation. Therefore, if we win in this three-year period, even if the teacher dies, the will will be fulfilled. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” Should we fight this fight or not? “We should.”

When you think about that, when Jesus was in the Garden of Gethsemane and everyone opposed him, they all ran away. What would you do if you faced opposition? Would you run away or would you rally? You must be different from them. Among the leaders here, if anyone falls away, they will become a historical villain like Judas Iscariot. You need to understand that. You won’t be that kind of person, right? “Yes.” The disciples in Jesus’ time were older, but you are young people, which is different from then. Think that way.

The time when the world’s fortune turns in our favor
This world started from the fallen line. (While writing on the board) This historical three ages must be completely turned upside down and come up in reverse. How wonderful is that?

Think about it. God is waiting here at this boundary line. He is waiting at this boundary line. So, will He put this much out and flip it over, or will He conquer it to go even a little further? Think about it. “Go beyond....” If God is there, He will hold on tight...

By whose hand, whose hand, whose hand should this be done? “By our hands.” By my hand, by my hand, by my hand. The teacher has that kind of conviction. Even if you don’t do it, I will do it. That’s why God supports me. Without supporting a person like me, God’s will cannot be fulfilled, and everything must be set aside.

If that’s the case, the Yankee Stadium event will succeed. Even if there are no people, we can succeed with just us. How? How can we do it with just us? Eight million, twelve million New Yorkers, come at me. That’s the thought we have. They all threw stones at me. They wanted to kill me. But when they realize that they struck a person of justice, a person needed by heaven, a person needed by this country, on that day, even if I stand alone and say to everyone, “Everyone, the past has been wrong, but from now on, you can be forgiven for everything and there is a way to live, so let’s go that way,” they will all follow. That’s what we want to create. Is that right? “Yes.”

That’s why we want to carry all the controversies surrounding Reverend Moon to the Yankee Stadium event. The teacher thinks that way. If the day before the Yankee Stadium event, New Yorkers say, “Oh, Reverend Moon, we were wrong,” then the next day when Reverend Moon says, “Everyone gather,” everyone will gather. Will they gather or not? Is that possible? “It is possible.” Because the teacher thinks this way, you must have the mindset to match the teacher’s rhythm.

Regarding the explosion incident in France, people from all walks of life in America, including congressmen, see this and think, “Those opposing the Unification Church went too far... I think that way. ‘Those people are not bad, but they went too far...’” This is what opposing people also think. You need to understand that this is laying the foundation for a great victory for us.

Because public sentiment has already turned to our side, I see that the spiritual world has become a relative standard that can cooperate with us. Hitting our individual who represents the world is the same as hitting the world, so I can command to capture all the countries of the communist world and turn them upside down and bring them back. Do you understand what I mean? I think we have established the conditions to be able to do that.

The upcoming Yankee Stadium event must succeed at all costs
From this perspective, you need to understand that gathering in this room for this meeting is more meaningful and historical than the countless meetings and resolutions that Christianity has made centered on God’s providence over thousands of years.

This time, I am going to wrestle. You need to understand that I am going with the same responsibility as Jacob wrestling at the Jabbok River. Do you understand what that means? The time is such a time.

So this time, I plan to take Kwon Jin with me. Kwon Jin was born in America, so I want to take him as a representative of America. I am going to fight such a battle. When we win this battle, it won’t just be about the Yankee Stadium event or the Washington event. We have a historical mission to fulfill right now. You all need to do this too. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” So you also need to wrestle here without losing to me. That is the Yankee Stadium event, the Yankee Stadium event. Do you understand? “Yes.”

That’s why, even if we walk the fierce path of the cross beyond what Jesus endured, we must boldly advance in the name of the Father; we can only advance, not retreat. You need to understand that. You must realize that what I am saying is a historical declaration. You need to understand that it is a historical declaration in the spiritual world and the whole world. This record will become an eternal condition of evidence in the future. What do you not know? You are just privates. What do you not know? How can a private understand the commander’s will? But you must understand this fight about whether America will rise or fall, whether it will live or die. You must understand this fight about whether the world will live or die. Do you understand that? “Yes.”

That’s why if we fail, how miserable will your descendants and the democratic world become? The sword of the communist world will all come in. And all Unification Church members will have their heads cut off. That’s why I went to Germany the other day and commanded, “Fight against the communists. Fight while shedding blood.” So I am receiving reports that fierce battles are currently taking place. I hear such reports every day. The same goes for Japan. Here, we must fight fiercer than in Germany or Japan for the sake of the global mission. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.”
You are the leaders, the leaders. The position of a leader is a frightening one. You must clearly understand that it is different from the usual gatherings. From now on, the leaders must resolve to fight without sleeping for months, not just to take off their clothes. This is the time for that. The teacher thinks so right now. That's why I told my mother several times this year that Dad will spend these exhausting days and nights, so she should make a resolution.

Since the teacher is leading the way, you all must follow the teacher. For this war, I must win, even if I have to sell my house, sell the Korean church, sell everything in Japan, and sell everything in America. That is the teacher's perspective. There are those who foolishly think, "Oh, what's the point of spending so much money and suffering like this?" Is money the problem? Is money the issue? That is the condition of indemnity. Without establishing the conditions of indemnity, restoration cannot happen. Isn't that the teaching of the principle? Do you understand?

In front of the True Parents, we must fulfill our responsibilities to inherit the name of true children. So, have you thought about when you will establish the conditions of indemnity? "I've just followed for 10 years, just like yesterday and today!" But the teacher, as the leader, has fought through this fierce battle for the sake of indemnity and restoration. You need to understand that. You all do not know. No one knows. Moreover, this cannot be taught. The parents of the Garden of Eden fell because they made a mistake, and therefore the parents must take responsibility.

You must understand that the term "True Parents" is a word that is tiresome in this world. It is the best word, but it comes from a position that has the most miserable history. Therefore, to become a qualified True Parent, one must fulfill the role of a leader who has paved the way from the lowest hell on earth. Because one is responsible for the history of indemnity...

That is why it is difficult to speak of True Parents. When you think of the fact that history is crying, the world is crying, God is crying, and the tears and blood of all the prophets and sages are intertwined in that name, you must understand that it is a name of utmost holiness and cannot be called carelessly. Do you understand? "Yes."

In that name, there are the tears of God, God's suffering, and God's anguish, and there are the sorrows of history and the saints, and the anguish of all humanity that has been sacrificed for the sake of goodness. You must know that. We must fight for the day of victory. The teacher knows that. Therefore, I take responsibility, I do.

Since Adam, as a man, could not take responsibility throughout history, I must take responsibility for everything in the satanic world as a man, for all the sorrows of heaven, and I must turn this whole situation upside down and settle it. That is the reputation of True Parents. You must understand that. And you must know that the name of the children inherited from those True Parents is a fearful name. When I think of myself as a child...

So, we must unconditionally inherit this from such parents. Therefore, you must understand how much joy and gratitude you should feel. So, if I have things, if I am a shell, if I am a satellite, I must be higher than that and faster than that. You must think like that. If there is something to be thankful for, you must be even more thankful, and if there is something to be joyful about, you must be even more joyful, and if there is something to fight for, you must take on even more responsibility as a son.

Because I know that this is the holiest name in history, I must think that I cannot leave a stain that would tarnish that standard, and I must know that this is a step I take with my life. Also, you must have the mindset that even if I give everything to not tarnish the holy name inherited from my parents, it is still not enough. You must go with a heart of gratitude today, tomorrow, for ten years, and throughout your life. Still, the question is whether you can qualify as a child or not. It is still insufficient. Even if you dedicate everything for ten years, for a lifetime, and even for your descendants, you must go with the mindset that there is no end to the path. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

In the same way, I think that even if I have to sacrifice you all to not tarnish this holy name, I will not leave a stain on this name.

Therefore, when any incident occurs, I think, "Let this be a condition of indemnity that the ancestors can wish for, and let their grievances be resolved." Why must it be so? To ensure that the holy names and the holy intentions are not harmed, even if we are harmed, we must leave the holy intentions intact. That is why I think this way. Is someone who wants to live like that a sinner? Even if the world perishes, such a person will become the owner and remain. They will remain. Do you understand? "Yes."

I must think that because of me, the will is being fulfilled, and I must work hard.

So, you are like the historical balance. You must think of yourselves as a balance. Even if a small weight is placed on the balance, it will sway. Even with a small force like you, it will sway. If you add even a small thing to a balanced situation... Think that because of me, it is being turned upside down. It is being turned upside down. Because of me, it is being turned upside down. If you add a small thing to a balanced situation, it will topple. That is the essence of this one thing. Just one small thing, think that I can be that. That is me. This is the time for that. That is what I want you to think.

"I distribute leaflets and speak because it is my responsibility to fulfill this mission, and I am doing it for the citizens of New York. Therefore, the citizens of New York must submit to those with a conscience. Because heaven is watching, they must comply with those who have a conscience." That is the mindset you should have. Do you understand? "Yes."

Now, if the scale tips, what falls first? It is not what is at the bottom that falls first, but what is at the top that falls first. The topmost, not what is at the bottom, but what is at the top falls first... Therefore, even if it falls, we will fall first. The world will be burdened before us. That is the responsibility we must take.

We are like what is placed at the very top of the scale. That is the Unification Church. Therefore, even if it falls, it will fall to the very bottom. That is how the teacher thinks. Do you feel good? "Yes."

You should wake up in the middle of the night and think, "Wow, the teacher's words are wonderful. I was born at this time!" You should feel that way. When you see the teacher's face, your face, this body... Is that true? No matter how much I think about it, I believe without a doubt that the teacher's teachings are correct. Therefore, you should think, "Wow, how did I end up following like this!" That is how it should be.

Do you want to be the locomotive or the passenger car? Which one do you want to be? "Locomotive." The locomotive must burn coal. It produces smoke and has no time to rest. It must work 24 hours a day. That is the locomotive. Americans are free citizens, so they sleep and rest, but why do Unification Church members do this? Why do they do this? Because we are the locomotive... Until the teacher returns, there will be no time for the teacher to tell us anything. Therefore, you must clearly understand what the teacher said today.

You must know that the East and West are in opposition and that they are fighting to establish the conditions of historical indemnity and restoration. You must know that God is paying attention to this and that the fate of all humanity is at stake, weighing the balance. You must become the balance that remains in the end. Therefore, I must be the one to turn this upside down. It is not the teacher who will turn it upside down; it is all of you who must turn it upside down. Are you confident? "Yes."

If the teacher goes this time and cannot return, what will you do? Will you stop this fight or not? Will you stop this fight? "No." At that time, among you, someone must go out and say, "Reverend Moon did not come." You must be able to deliver a more shocking speech than Reverend Moon. Will there be someone like that? "Yes." "I will do it. I may be a frail woman, but I will do it. I have tears in my eyes, passion in my body, and cooperation that can move heaven, so I can do it." You must have that conviction. It is possible.

When I visited Japan this time, I received reports that they prepared poison to kill me... I have received reports of such plots. Therefore, you must do more than them, even more. Those people are preparing for that game without sleeping at night, contacting all sorts of people around the world, and you must understand that you need to do even more than that.

This morning, Kamiyama reported to me that they threatened to blow up the White House. Upon hearing that, I said, "Go ahead, go ahead." That is possible because it is a fight. The teacher has received such calls hundreds and thousands of times. The teacher is pushing this work forward while thinking that such an incident could happen. Do you understand what I mean?

Therefore, you must have the conviction that even without the teacher, you can accomplish this among yourselves. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do not be shaken even a little by that. Knowing that, I hope you will fight without any disturbance as long as I am here. Can you do that? "Yes." I will go and return, trusting in your "yes" response.

If you move more diligently than the spiritual world, you will surely win.

It has already become one o'clock. As I was talking, it has become one o'clock and four minutes. I believe you have all heard the decisions made during this meeting. I believe you have already heard that if we reproduce the activities we did at Madison Square Garden and add to it, it will be quite advantageous. That is the strategy we are employing. Do you understand?

Currently, Yankee Stadium has a seating capacity of 55,000. That is slightly more than double that of Madison Square Garden. You should think, "If we are to reorganize this from now on, what will happen?" However, if we do it the same way we did during the Madison Square Garden event, we will undoubtedly win. You must understand that having this confidence is a great strength in our strategy. Will we win or not? "We will win." There is nothing contradictory about this. Theoretically, this is possible. This has already been decided.

From a spiritual perspective, there are many people who are already stuck to the walls of Yankee Stadium upside down. This means we have already won. They are stuck to the walls because they have nowhere to go... They are all stuck under the ceiling. That means it is full.

There is one condition. On the day you move more diligently than the spiritual world, it will surely happen. Do you understand what I mean? The spirits are saying, "Oh, if I take your body, it will be dozens or hundreds of times better." You must understand this. Do you understand? Therefore, say, "Let a thousand or ten thousand spirits come into my body and move my organs." Pray and go with that mindset. Then, has the Yankee Stadium event already ended or not? "It has ended." There is nothing to explain about that.

Do not rest; keep active.

Kamiyama needs money, so he should keep earning money. By February, the teacher has already planned to increase the number of economic activity personnel to over a thousand. We will increase the members. Do you understand? (Speaking in Japanese)

You must increase the fundraising team. How many people can you meet during this period? How many family members can you increase during this period? A thousand? (Speaking in English)

Therefore, if possible, you must quickly report your work and rush out. Once you open the door here, you will meet people, and even with your eyes closed, you can catch people... If you have time, do not rest. How many people are there once you go out? You can catch people even with your eyes closed. Are there no people? There are so many people! So, if the citizens of New York say, "Oh, if we go to 43rd Street, all the Unification Church people will take us away, so let's not go," that will be a success.

Next, we will move to 5th Avenue. We will move and carry out our activities. The citizens of New York must raise their hands and say not to go to Unification Church activities. We must guard every alley... We are giving hope, all of us. Wow, this is a wonderful game.

When you think like that, even if you eat a lot, your digestion will be good, and just thinking about it will make your body tingle, and even when you try to sleep, you won't be able to sleep. That is how the teacher feels. My mother does not understand that. So, when it is a full moon night, I want to go out and walk around. That is how it is. Even if I am in Korea, or here in East Garden, you should want to come out to the streets of New York without even realizing it, and that will surely turn New York around. Your heart should naturally want to come out here every day. When that day comes, I believe New York will open up.

What that means is that the spiritual world has already been mobilized here because the teacher knows the heart. So, I will be floating, and even when I sleep, I will think of New York... That is how it will be. Then, we will surely succeed. If I meet someone on my way to lunch, I will take them with me; if I meet someone while sightseeing, I will take them with me; if I am on my way to meet someone, I might take them with me. That is the mindset I have.

If you want to go that way for no reason, you will meet them. You will definitely meet them. If I show you all the times you meet the teacher on the street, those things will keep happening. Those things will happen. Whether you dream or receive revelations, if you see it in advance, the next day you will meet the teacher. Then you will meet. So, let’s meet on the street. (Applause)

I was going to have lunch here, and I was trying to prepare well for at least three meals, but there is no restaurant here, and all the facilities are not ready yet, so I couldn't do it. So, I said let's buy McDonald's hamburgers and eat, so I hope they have prepared them. So, let’s eat and see each other again. "Yes." (Applause) If you brought them, bring them. Is there anything to ask?

This time, we are going to strengthen our activities regarding the pastors. Now, let’s eat McDonald's hamburgers... Now, Juyong, let’s try "The Escape of Glory." (Singing) (Applause) Our time is just like that time. It is the same time as the Exodus. Next, our Kwak Jeong-hwan will sing. Will you? "Yes." (Singing "Home Town") (Applause) Have we all shared? Bohui! Pray.
After completing oneself, one must find a partner, and then one must find children. This is what we in the Unification Church refer to as the completion of the three-object purpose. Therefore, when we ask what the purpose of creation is, we can conclude that it is the completion of the three-object purpose.

Originally, if Adam and Eve had completed themselves and formed a couple, love would have been established centered around that couple. Following that, sons and daughters would be formed from that love. If we look at it this way, before the love of the couple is realized, they exist within the realm of brotherly love, gradually becoming individuals, and then developing into parental love centered around the love of the couple. Our individuals can only become complete sons and daughters before God through the path of experiencing brotherly love, couple love, and children's love.

Originally, if humanity had not fallen, love would have been the focal point, and wherever one goes, they would return centered around this love. This becomes the foundation of our happiness and the basis of our lives. We live our lives anchored in love and ultimately return to God, the original parent, who is the world of true love.

We know the biblical saying, "Love your neighbor as yourself." What this means is that if we can create a foundation where we can love each other as we love ourselves, God will be with us.

If Adam and Eve had become a couple centered on God and completed their children, there would be nowhere else to go. There could be nothing beyond that. By moving towards such a position, Adam and Eve would have finally completed themselves as a couple, giving birth to children, and as completed parents, they would have been able to love those children, allowing God's love for the whole to start from there.

From this perspective, what is God's love? It is the love of children, the love of couples, and the love of brothers. We can conclude that the center of such love is God's love. If even one of these is missing, there can be no place to receive God's perfect love. By being completely united in all three, I can become a perfect son or daughter of God. This is the conclusion that emerges. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

What if there are no siblings? If I am a man and I have no younger or older brother, I want to have siblings. This is a natural desire. Why do we want that? Because the principles of heaven and earth are structured that way. Because I can receive God's perfect love by fulfilling that content on earth, we have not realized that we think this way to seek that love.

When a man and a woman marry, it is to receive God's love. So what should men and women do? "What should we do? Since I was born a man, I should become a great person in the world and become the president of the country." They do not think only that way. When we ask what a man should do, he must grow up and get married; when we ask what a woman should do, she must grow up and get married. This has been the common desire of men and women throughout history.

So, where will they go? A man does not say he will stay in the position of a man. He says he will go to a woman. Likewise, a woman does not go to the position of a woman but says she will go to a man. Is that true for all of you? "Yes." If not, you are not human. (Laughter) If Jesus is a true person, would he have been like that or not? "He would have." You all waver because you are less developed, but Jesus was unilaterally like that forever. That is what it means to be a true person.

From this perspective, it is said that Jesus also needs a bride. Did Jesus feel that way? "Yes." What do mainstream church pastors think about this? They do not know.

If Reverend Moon said this, would Jesus feel good or laugh? (Laughter) When talking about marriage, unmarried young men and women, or older unmarried men and women, their eyes sparkle with joy. Jesus would feel the same way.

When we talk about marriage, there is not a single person who dozes off. (Laughter) This shows that this is the true truth among truths. There is nothing else. Therefore, it is an absolute requirement to marry. We must understand that we cannot avoid the fateful path of completing this love of couples.

So why do men seek women, and women seek men? Let’s think about this concretely. Why do they do this? "Why do they do it? Because that’s how it is." Until now, this has been the case. We need to understand why. When a couple becomes one centered on true love, they can receive God's love, a three-dimensional and high-level love that loves the couple. It is to seek God's love.

So what happens when we receive God's love? Once we receive that love, we cannot escape from it. No matter how much I try to escape, I return to that place. Even if I say I am going, I am still there. If I were to leave that place, it would be easier to cut off my life, and it would be easier to disappear; I cannot absolutely leave the path of that love. Isn't that so?

Can you just separate God's love whenever you want? Can you do it as you please? If a man and a woman have become one, if you pull the man, will the woman who has become one follow or not? "She will follow." Even if you pull the woman, the man will be dragged along. If the woman is pulled, the man cannot let go and will be dragged along. No matter how much you pull, you cannot let go.... If that happens, will that couple become eternal partners or not? "They will." Then can the man go back and forth, and can the woman go back and forth?

What about in America? "Marriage is just a means of living." Can that be true? "No." Then what should American families do? There is a path of God's love, and can they avoid it? If they do not go, God's love will leave American families. That will result in God leaving, causing the breakdown of American families. Because of that, it can lead to the downfall of the nation. If such a nation exists, we can conclude that it will ruin the world. We must understand that the same conclusion can be drawn from the family to the entire world. It starts to collapse from the family. Do you understand?

When a couple who has received true God's love emerges, true children guaranteed by God will come forth. That is undeniable. Among couples who are now living as one, if there is someone who thinks they will give birth to children united with God's love, please raise your hand.

There is no greater happiness than having loving parents, siblings, and children. If such sons and daughters are born, can God come down between Adam and Eve and love them together, or not? If that were the case, they would truly be God's sons and daughters as well as Adam and Eve’s children. Why? Because they were born centered on love. If Adam and Eve had horizontal love, God has vertical love, so the children born from the fruits of both horizontal and vertical love would be loved by both Adam and Eve and God.

If you ask God, "God, where do you want to be?" God would say there is nothing special. He wants to be where there are people to love, where there are children born through those who can love. The conclusion is the same as yours. Even if you say, "God, don’t do that, go somewhere else!" there is nowhere else to go. He does not even try to go. Therefore, our Unification Church concludes that God's love can eternally coexist in the completion of parental love, children's love, and brotherly love.

Then how is human happiness defined? "I am happy because I have a loving brother, I have a loving wife, I have a loving child." This is my pride. There is no greater pride than this, and there is no greater happiness than this. Isn't that right? "Yes."

If there is such a brother, if you pull that brother, the parents will be drawn in, and the siblings and children will all be drawn in. Such a family is an ideal family. Do you understand what I mean? An ideal family is not just a love between humans, but a family connected by three-dimensional God's love through the love of couples, siblings, and children. We must clearly understand that only in such a family can an ideal love be established. Think about it. There can be nothing beyond that.

If someone asks, "No matter how much it is God's love, what good is it without love?" the answer is that there is nothing. To fulfill the standard of love, to seek that standard of love, and to love, God's love exists. It is the same. Do you understand? "Yes." A happy person is someone who boasts of having a loving brother, a loving husband or wife, and loving children. This is the three-fold love.

You are the same. Do you like it when your father and mother divorce? If your father was one and then he divorces and you have two fathers, do you like that? Would you prefer $100 or $200? "Neither." Why? It must be absolutely one. And among your siblings, do you prefer a half-brother or a full brother? Which is better? "A full brother." That is correct. Therefore, a person who cannot love a true brother connected by blood has no right to love a half-brother. They cannot love, nor do they have the right to love. It is the same for siblings, but is there anyone who likes stepchildren?

So you must understand this principle. Happiness is only found when such contents are completely connected as one.

Breaking love is the greatest sin. The conclusion is that it is the sin of sins. It is the worst. What does the worst mean? What is the evil that has the character of "worst"? Until now, we did not know this. What is a greater sin, stabbing a person to death with a knife or breaking love? Which is greater between the first and the second? "The second." When did you realize this? (Laughter) Until now, did you think, "Killing a person is a greater sin; what is the sin in abandoning a child and divorcing!"? Do you understand? "Yes."

The most vicious and detestable enemy is the one who breaks love. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." The worst of all evils is the one who breaks love, making it impossible for parents to love centered on one family and breaking the love between couples.

Our Unification Church's view on marriage is established on this principle. Have there been families like this in the world until now? It must be guaranteed so that neither the husband nor the wife becomes the most wicked person in the world.... They fear the most what can break love and invade that. That is the most terrifying thing in the world. Is the world like that?

If we look at married men and women, even if they are married, if there is another person, they often compare their husband or wife with that person, thinking if that person is worse. (He makes a serious expression) Why is that? It is because they do not know this principle. Therefore, we must understand that there is nothing as frightening and wicked as becoming a Buddha and then divorcing. If you die, you die; divorce is not an option. Children cannot be separated, and siblings cannot be separated.

What kind of family do you want? Do you want such a family? If parents and siblings can separate, why not do as you please? Is it better to do so freely, or is it better not to do so freely? What do you prefer? "It is better not to do so freely." That is correct. Those who dislike this are the children of the devil.

The Unification Church movement is to re-present true love. 

Do you not see such things? When you see a beautiful woman or a married woman, do you not think, "Ah, I want to violate her"? Do you not have such thoughts, men? When you see a woman, if she is younger, you should love her like a younger sister, and if she is older, you should love her like an older sister. That is how it should be. You must understand that such a person is a person of God. Only by being able to love completely as siblings and standing in a position to receive God's approval and God's love can you find the path to becoming an ideal couple. There is no other way.

So what should our Unification Church do? Since we have fallen, even if we are not siblings, we must gather together centered on God's love and love each other like siblings.

Look. Because of the fall, first, we lost brotherly love. Then, we lost couple love, and finally, we lost children's love. Now, have you experienced such love? You cannot go to heaven because you have not experienced it. You cannot go to heaven. Therefore, we must re-present this and set the condition that we have loved in order to enter heaven.

So what must we do? We must have parents. Just as we need God, we need parents. We must have parents. Centered on those parents, we become siblings. Through this, you will find the path to becoming couples, the path to achieving true love, and the path to obtaining true children. By doing so, a new heaven and earth will emerge from here, establishing the theory that we can connect with the heavenly kingdom.

What did fallen humanity first lose? They lost brotherly love. Then they broke couple love and broke children's love. God's restoration providence is a history of re-creation. Therefore, we must re-present this, restore it, and set the condition that we could not do it, and thus we will go to heaven. This is the mission of the Unification Church.

Only the yellow race can solve the racial problem.

Do you love each other as brothers? "Yes." You must love those gathered here under the will of heaven more than the brothers of the satanic world. Is that true? "Yes." Here, people of all races are gathered. So can white people say, "Hey, let's get rid of black people and yellow people and just love each other"? "No." Then what should white and black people do?
will. 

One side wants to see the other, but the other side has to turn away, right?  
200   I will return before the Father as a true child.  
"No." Who is Satan? If you have that kind of mindset, even if you are not white,  
even if you are a white grandfather, you will be expelled before humanity. That's why  
America is being expelled now.  
Is what Reverend Moon teaches going to upset white people? "No." What? These guys,  
aren't they upset? "No." There aren't many who say no, right? Everyone is just quiet.  
"No! (loudly)" Black people will like it. They just don't know. "Ah, Reverend Moon  
is the best. The one who can fundamentally liberate black people is Reverend Moon."  
They will like it. Is that right? "Yes." What black leaders couldn't do, Reverend Moon  
can do. (laughter)  
From this perspective, in front of God's will, those who say they will marry within  
their own race, whether they are white or black, are not qualified to marry.  
Now, look. In this world, there are black people, yellow people, and white people.  
Because the world turns, if black people rise to the top, white people must go down,  
and if white people rise to the top, black people must go down. This is the principle.  
Look at the athletes these days. In global soccer, boxing, basketball, track and field,  
and all sports, black people are rising.  
Why is that? It has to be that way. If white people are high in the mental aspect,  
then black people... White people only think about the mind, not the body.  
Everything is achieved relatively. I believe that many intelligent black people will  
emerge in the future. Can you say, "Ah, black people are wrong"? If that happens,  
white people will be in a frenzy trying to dye themselves black. (laughter) Isn't that  
possible?  
From this perspective, it can be concluded that the only race that can adjust the  
racial issue is the yellow race. Because they are in the center... If such things  
happen, it will be a joy to God, and events that can bring happiness to humanity will  
appear. Therefore, it is said that those who bring harmony become the sons of God.  
Is it harmony for white people to ignore black people? Is it harmony for black people  
to say, "You bastards, let's see what you got! You bastards!"?  
201  
Right now, a strange phenomenon is happening in American cities. What is it? If you  
go to downtown Washington, black people dominate 80 percent, and New York is also  
gradually being occupied. White people are all being chased away. You need to realize  
that the time has come when you can change your bundles. You need to understand that  
an era of changing positions is coming. If black people have a higher ethical standard  
and worldview than white people, and unite to move towards heaven, they will maintain  
that position without being taken away. Black people need to understand that. Black  
people need to abandon their irresponsible family systems and relationships, and when  
they establish such principles, the time will come when they can be blessed in the  
world. That logic holds. Black people, do you understand? "Yes."  
In that regard, this is a lamentation for the lack of order. You need to understand  
that you have the responsibility to innovate and unify this. Everyone, the Simon of  
Cyrene who carried Jesus' cross was black. So when the Lord comes, it means the time  
will come for black people to rise. Black people, are you upset? "No." White people,  
how about you? "It's good." White people are a peculiar breed. They are peculiar  
people. White people are of a different breed. That's why Reverend Moon has brainwashed  
and controlled their minds to change them. They have changed, indeed. (laughter) Is  
that good or bad? "It's good."  
Among Noah's sons, the first is Shem, the second is Ham, and the third is Japheth.  
Shem is the yellow race, Ham is the black race, and Japheth is the white race.  
Therefore, the third son, the white people, will receive blessings at the end. They  
will receive blessings and carry the responsibility to inherit the blessings when the  
Lord comes.  
Do people like obedience, or do they like hybrids? "Obedience." Who are the obedient  
white people? They are the people of Norway or Sweden. If you go there, you can see  
real white people. Their eyes are as clear as lakes, and their hair is truly blonde,  
and their skin... I was very impressed. I thought, "Wow, real white people are good-  
looking!" (laughter) Americans are hybrids,  
202   I will return before the Father as a true child.  
hybrids. Right now, hybrids are making a big noise. They can't even boast that they  
are white, but they do. Their eyes have all changed color, their faces have all changed  
color, and they are all mixed up. Some people have blue eyes but black hair. (laughter)  
That's upsetting.  
Historically, the Norwegians and Swedes were all pirates, right? (laughter) History  
says so, doesn't it? They don't realize how they ended up being blessed, accepting  
Christianity, and marrying well, leading to a good life. There is nothing else.  
Therefore, instead of boasting about being white, we should boast about being  
Christians, boast about Jesus, and boast about God. We should boast about being  
people of God, not about being white.  
Would Noah have liked his three sons fighting each other? "No." Since they were just  
fighting, the elder brother finally appears, the yellow race. "Hey, you guys, you  
shouldn't fight!" The elder brother appears. What is the privilege of the elder brother?  
When the younger brothers do wrong, he says, "You bastards!" and gives them a good  
beating. That's the privilege. Historically, such people are needed. From a  
providential perspective, an elder brother who has not been able to rise until now  
appears and can manage everything, making all families equal... In the case of Cain  
and Abel, the elder brother was wrong. Therefore, in the case of Cain and Abel, the  
elder brother, who was Cain, was wrong and became a Cain who could not take  
responsibility, and finally, the elder brother must take responsibility and make all  
families equal.  
Here, the yellow race comes and says to the white people who oppress the black  
people, "You bastards!" and holds them tightly and returns. When such a yellow race  
comes and engages in movements centered on Christian thought, based on God, we can  
conclude that the end of the world is near, and the kingdom of peace will come to  
this earth.  
The restoration of indemnity can only be completed when enemies become one.  
203  
Until now, Christianity has not solved the black and white issue. What will the  
Unification Church do? It will solve it. Does God like to see brothers fighting, or  
does He like to see them become one? "He likes to see them become one." If He has  
to choose between the two, it can be concluded that God will choose the Unification  
Church, even if it means abandoning the established church.  
Therefore, as mentioned earlier, we must complete all of God's will, which is the  
love of brothers, spouses, and parents. Can we, as Unification Church members, do  
this beyond our nations? If we can't, this religion will fail. We cannot fulfill  
God's will. If the Unification Church cannot do this, you all will have to pack your  
bags and go find such a religion. (laughter)  
If we can't do that, Reverend Moon is also a fake. In the end, he will have to  
receive a fake name and tremble. That's the truth. If it seems that way no matter  
how you look at it, even if you die, even if someone drags you by the neck, even if  
a wolf takes your body, if you remain, you will go to heaven. Can that happen?  
"Yes." Where, I will wait and see.  
So this time, let's try to have a super-worldwide marriage, transcending nations and  
races. That's how you become a global person. To become a global person, you must  
start with a global marriage. That's how you become a global person. Can that happen?  
"Yes."  
To restore indemnity, enemies must become one. That's why we have sent  
Unification Church missionaries to three countries where they are enemies.  
Look. Germans, Japanese, and Americans are all enemies. So they must become one.  
Now, if they start to have international marriages, what will happen? If whites and  
blacks marry, what will happen? You all, how can whites and blacks combine?  
When you quietly observe the world, have you ever thought about why there are so  
many yellow people and so few whites and blacks?  
Later, when international marriages happen, the black race will be closer to the  
yellow race than the white race, and the white race will also be closer to the  
yellow race than the black race. So, isn't it that this is how it has come to be  
used to make things better globally?  
204   I will return before the Father as a true child.  
If you ask black people, "Do you want to marry a white person or a yellow person?"  
they will all want to marry a yellow person. And if you ask white people, "Do you  
want to marry a black person or a yellow person?" they will say they want to marry a  
yellow person. That's how it is. Psychologically, that's how it is.  
Since the teacher was born in Korea, I have a strong desire for all races, white or  
black, to marry Korean virgins and bachelors. That's not your thought. The heavenly  
fortune is such. So, do you want to marry a Korean person? "Yes." Why? Why? Why?  
Because the teacher is Korean? "Yes." The ideology is truly strange. "If the teacher  
lives in Korea, I will also live in Korea." That's what it is. Would you marry even  
if you live in Korea and I live in America? (laughter) Would you still do it?  
Now, look. In world history, there is a strange event that broke the historical  
record regarding marriage, and that event is the Korean War. At that time, people  
from 16 countries of the United Nations came together and entered Korea. What did  
they do? They engaged in a marriage movement. Many people got married. They went to  
get brides, but they weren't good women. They all took women of bad character,  
thinking it was good. (laughter)  
But now, the women of the Unification Church in Korea are truly the best. Why did  
God make it that way? Because the people of the world want to marry Korean women and  
men, He had prepared everything in advance. (laughter, applause)  
In the future, living only in America or in Western civilization will not be a  
way to survive. That's why we will begin to revere the East. So, we are returning  
to the East now.  
Ideal Relatives  
In the future, relatives will not live within fences but will live in each country.  
So, to visit relatives, you will have to fly from one end of the earth to the other.  
205  
That is the ideal relative. What is more global than that? The Unification Church is  
like that.  
When God sees this, will He say, "Ah, Reverend Moon is a monster who destroys  
the white race, enlightens the black race, and creates a hybrid race, so He is wrong"?  
"No." What did you say earlier, that hybrids are better than purebreds? "Hybrids."  
What? Earlier you said purebreds, and now it's hybrids? This time, what we are  
combining is gold. It's platinum, gold, that's what I mean. You need to understand  
that. Gold becomes better the more it combines with iron or anything else. That's  
why hybrids are good. Earlier, it was about combining iron and paper, which is not  
good... What I am advocating is gold and platinum. Anything else is just iron and  
wood scraps. So, this mixed thing is better than anything in the world.  
Because I have married black and white people, I want to see if white women will  
hate having black children, thinking, "Let's see how it goes." While breastfeeding  
the child, they say, "Oh, even if you're black, I will live with you forever."  
(laughter) If love comes first and they can forget everything, that place will be  
God's world.  
Now, let's ask someone. Is Sunja here, who married an American? Sunja? Stand up.  
Is your husband here? What's his name? Is your husband here or not? "In the car..."  
I married an American, Mike Richardson, to a Korean woman... Ah, this guy is steady  
and good. I have seen him while traveling through all 50 states; in the morning,  
he cleans and tidies up quietly, being more loyal than anyone else. "Wow, that guy  
is worth it. I should get him a good wife." I thought and matched him with a Korean  
woman.  
However, after the marriage, what did his parents say? Reverend Moon was bragging  
about being close to his son, but after the marriage, what did they say? "Oh,  
there are many white sons and daughters in the world who have all married white  
people, but why did Reverend Moon match our son with a yellow woman with black  
hair and black eyes?" They sent me a letter of protest saying, "I didn't expect  
that. I don't like it." (laughter)  
Sunja is exemplary in Germany and also exemplary here. She is a very excellent  
woman who is well regarded by Western youth. That's why I thought, "She will do  
well in a Western family, serving her in-laws well. No matter what problems arise,  
she will cook and take care of them."  
Hearing about the opposition, Sunja sent a letter and a gift... And will she only  
serve her in-laws well? She has been trained to the point where she can wipe  
her father-in-law's bottom if he poops. So, after spending just a week together,  
they will be completely smitten. (laughter, applause) When you see this, how  
dramatic it is! There are dramatic scenes that have never happened in history...  
You need to understand that everything can achieve harmony.  
These days, movie stars are making a fuss, but those are just fakes reenacting  
events from the past. But we are real, real. (laughter) In a fake world, they like  
fake stars, but heaven likes real stars. That's why it can be concluded that  
Unification Church members are favored by God and the spirit world. Do you understand?  
"Yes."  
When Reverend Moon came to America and did this, America was in a frenzy, saying,  
"Give me my son." How historic is this event? (applause) Even if they dislike it,  
the spirit world is saying, "Do it, do it," and is pleased with it.  
That's why, even though it is like this now, in the future, they will oppose  
Reverend Moon like this. That time will come in the not-so-distant future. Why?  
If they push, if they fall, it will be a big deal, so they are trying to fall like  
this. That's how it will be. I will make it that way. Do you know I have that  
ability? Do you believe it? "Yes."  
Even stubborn people like you can be made to say, "I will die," and when they  
go out, they will say they will even urinate on the entire frozen Belvedere. They  
will be made to do that; they won't just stand still.
is established. How big of a problem is that? When you see people doing such things, everything else becomes insignificant. It is not easy to create a new person like this. Other things are easy. The hardest thing is a person.

When I see that you have become like this, if you become the president in the future, the United States can turn around all at once. Isn't that right? "Yes." I see many candidates here who can become the president of the United States. "Ah, people from the Unification Church cannot become president." Is that how the Constitution of the United States is written? Because of religious freedom, anyone can be considered. If you have the ability, you can do it. That is how I think.

The young men I have raised with my own hands should become senators or even better people than the current president of the United States. Even if you just leave them alone, they will become like that. Is that possible or not? "Yes." You should not only have faith but also think, "I can decide and I can do it."

The purpose of establishing religion is to unify everything that is divided. 

Since a lot of time has passed, let's conclude. Today, in front of the Father, in front of God, the title is to return as a completed person, a perfect person. You should now become perfect people... What is a perfect person? You must become sons and daughters who complete all the love that God originally desired. Only then can you live as eternal children in God's world. God intended to create a family centered on Adam and Eve. However, because this was not accomplished, it must be recreated. The family of Adam and Eve represents one in the universe on behalf of the family, one on behalf of the clan, one on behalf of the nation, one on behalf of the world, one on behalf of the cosmos, and one on behalf of God... You must overcome this path.

If Adam and Eve had not fallen, all of this would have been included here. (Drawing) In that sense, Adam and Eve are representatives of heaven and earth. Individual perfection, family perfection, clan perfection, national perfection, world perfection, cosmic perfection, and the ability to become one with God, all serve as a representative standard.

Then, who can separate this nation, united in God's love, from the nation, the world, the cosmos, and God? 

God must choose something that can become one vessel. It must select the good from all and establish a chosen people, and then recreate this within the clan realm, patching it up to create something that resembles the original form. 

If what came out of the factory at first was broken, it must be patched back together to form the same shape as before. The restoration history is to create it as it was before the fall, so that it can receive God's love. This is the history of salvation. Because of the fall, everything has been divided. Individuals have all been divided, and nations have all... That is the current world.

So, even though this is divided, how do we find a way to restore it so that individuals can completely become one with God and how do we make everything one? How do we create one in this form? This cannot happen without a horizontal line. Therefore, religion was established to do this. Centered on religion, it transcends nations to create a block. World religions must create blocks. That is why cultural zones are formed centered around the four major religions.

The essence of Satan is to separate from God, but God works to unite. Therefore, there has never been a nation that naturally became one with the power of the nation. It has been forcibly occupied and made one. Religion transcends that and works to integrate beyond nations and states.

The world of Satan is based on national standards, but the heavenly world is based on global standards. They are different. Therefore, today, the religious realm of the world has influenced numerous nations and numerous countries, forming a single cultural zone. This is the current Christian civilization, the Western civilization.

What happens here? If such a cultural zone exists, isn't there a way for people of the world to return through this family? This leads to the conclusion that within the religious realm, individuals must become individuals who can have such thoughts for the world. Also, even though they are nations in the world, they must become nations that recognize individuals and families as equal to their own nation.

If there is such a religion, it must not be a religion centered on a specific clan, but rather a super-world religion. From this perspective, principles must be established to choose religious leaders. It is not a matter of black, white, or yellow races, but rather evaluating based on ability and achievements, and moving forward with an organizational form that can transcend nations and ethnicities.

What was the fallen Adam? Adam is the individual representative, the owner of the family, the owner of the clan, the owner of the nation, and the owner of the world. It means he becomes the owner of the world kingship. When you go to the spirit world, if God is the root, then who is the branch? It is Adam and Eve. All humanity becomes branches and leaves there. It is one tree. But can the quality be different? Can the branches, leaves, and roots be different? It is the same. If you take a branch and plant it, it will produce branches and roots; everything will come out. How does that happen? Because it has that quality, because it has that content.

Now, is the world like that?

To create a world united in God's love, the Unification Church must carry out such a movement through the highest religion. The term Unification Church means that all religions must become one. What will happen when we unify? What will we do? We want to save the people of this world and create one world centered on God. If we liken the universe to a body, God is the heart. When the heart and body become completely one and converge on one purpose, the world will unfold as a world of happiness. So, who rules? Who is the subject? The heart is the subject.

What will we do by making the world one centered on the Unification Church? We will make God one with our hearts, and the teacher will also be centered on God... It is the same. To become one centered on the world, can an individual become one with God? Families must become one, clans must become one, nations must become one, and the world must become one. With what? With power? With cannons? With what? "With love." Love! What kind of love? "God's love." It is God's love.

What is God's love concretely? It is the horizontalization of true brotherly love, true parental love, and true children's love. Such a world will be the world governed by God. This love is a straight line. It is 90 degrees. It must be loved horizontally, in a straight line. If God is here, I start from here, and this becomes horizontal. If you expand this, it will become that. (Pointing to what was drawn)

Then, if you have lived your personal faith life and have become a person who stands before God, what happens next? Do you go wherever you want centered on your family? Where should the family go? It is not about going for the family. Next, you must go for the clan, using your lineage... You must make your clan one. Many lineages combined make a nation.

Then where should this clan go? "Ah, let's just live together! As long as we live well, it doesn't matter about others." That is not it. This clan must save the nation. You must create one nation. If you draw this, it will look like this. (Drawing) If an individual is this small, then the individual grows this much to become a family, and the family grows this much to become a clan... This is how it develops. Why must it be like this? "Oh, it would be nice to just focus on my family, why do we have to play such games? I wish we didn't have to play such games." You cannot think like that. That is the problem.

Because of the fall, the world... To form the central shape that must be achieved in the family of Adam and Eve, you must patch everything together all at once. Only then will this be accomplished. You must patch it together. If you cannot do this, you will be surrounded by the world of Satan. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Therefore, you inevitably must break through. Thus, you must restore the world and make it one. And you must return to God's position. In doing so, in the end, God will give this to me. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

A world that experiences the heart of love beyond nations is the heavenly kingdom on earth.

Therefore, the Unification Church encompasses individuals, families, clans, nations... In the nation, the sovereign changes. Even if it changes, it must not change. Next is the world, then the cosmos, and then returning to God. You must go through these seven stages. If you look at this as stages, it is one, two, three, four, five, six, seven stages, and numerically it is the number eight. The number eight is the number of rebirth. Therefore, it is a restart beyond the number seven.

Why is it a restart? Because we have found God, we are returning to God, which is why it is a restart. Do you understand? "Yes." Without a family centered on the individual, the individual does not exist. (Drawing) Likewise, without a clan centered on the family... Without a nation centered on the clan, this becomes relative... This is how it develops. Ultimately, you must create such a thing. We have to indemnify the history that took 6,000 years... If we draw this in a circle, how will it be? The vertical and horizontal lines must completely coincide. What this means is that the flat love centered on Adam and Eve and the vertical love centered on God must completely unite in a relative relationship and create a movement that draws a circle.

Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

If you draw a circle with human love, it becomes chaotic. The perfect circle must be drawn by the combination of God's love and the ideal human love. Therefore, from the individual who has completely formed a circle, the family, clan, nation, and world must all be equipped with this original form. Only then can God's love be accessible through this and that in the human world. Conversely, it must also be possible to return through this and that, creating a path that can return in any way. Only then will it become a world governed by God.

If you can find a way to love your clan more than you love your family, the ideal world will naturally emerge. Therefore, when you go beyond the nation and the world, whenever you see an older person, you should think of them as your father or older brother, or if you see a younger person, you should think of them as your younger sibling. You must feel that everyone is a member of the family, and if an environment arises where you can experience the heart of love that can unite in God's love on a super-national standard, such a world will be called the heavenly kingdom on earth. You must understand this. Just as I love my family, I love that person's family, and that person loves me... Do you understand? "Yes."

Therefore, until we escape from the realm of the fall, we inevitably must walk the path of the cross. We must always anticipate that this heavy path of the cross awaits me. The teacher has walked this official path until now. Centered on the individual, centered on the family, centered on the clan, while organizing a new nation, we are gradually forming a global framework with all these standards. Here, there has been a regional movement, but once everything is completely achieved, it will all connect centered on one nation, one country, and one God. Right now, it is not like that. There is movement. It is different.

Human love must become love from one end of the earth to the other. 

This central form can apply anywhere. It will be a time when it can be universally applicable, for example, when the teacher of the Unification Church goes to England, it will be a country where I can say I can live, my home, my nation. Even if I go to the southernmost part of Africa, it will feel like my hometown, a country where I can live, and like my nation... That is the land of Adam that has not fallen, the land of Adam. That person is our parent, and we are their sons and daughters, so what belongs to the parent is mine.

How can I say that what belongs to my father is mine and that my father's country is my country? Because God's love is one, it is inseparably connected through love, and because it is me and I am it, I can conclude that what belongs to the father is mine and that everything in the world is mine.

As I mentioned earlier, if you draw love from there, everything else follows, so it is mine. Therefore, when you have the conviction that you have established your own love centered on God's love, parental love, spousal love, and children's love, you can conclude that the world is yours. This is what the Unification Church aims to reproduce. Therefore, the Unification Church is working to reproduce God's love, the love of true parents, the love of true children, and the love of true spouses, and to jump into the global center through indemnity.

If this external foundation is established, your descendants will be born here and live here, so there will be no need for indemnity and restoration. The logic that if you are born under God's direct dominion, you can go directly to heaven will be established. Since you were born in God's love, you are going to heaven. To become a true son, I must go through this concept, this background of indemnity, and I must gather all the content that can practice God's love. Only then can I stand before the Father as a true child when I return to heaven with the true parents.

If you can love anywhere with God's love and love like true parents, you will inevitably create an environment where the mission of restoration, the subject-object relationship, is established, and the restoration movement will unfold. When the love of true parents unfolds to this extent, God's love, being subjective, will reappear here. When it becomes this large centered on true parents, that much subjective love will come. This principle will unfold. Then, do you like this (small thing) or the big one? "The big one." So, in the end, we are God, God.
is to grow as much as possible. God's love extends from one end of the earth to the other, so we should strive for our love as human beings to also reach from one end of the earth to the other. It's the same, you see.

There is no scarier phrase than "do not fight for your country and the world." 

Everyone, if there is a complete minus, can a plus arise? "It can." Really? "Yes." What that means is, when a perfect horizontal love foundation is established on the earth, vertical love will automatically come. And when there is perfect God's love, horizontal love will naturally emerge. This is how it works. That's why it feels good, for no reason, it feels good.

When you come into the Unification Church, what is different is that it feels good for no reason. It feels good, you know? When you leave here, you want to come back again. Why do you want to come back, why? Why is that? Because there is vertical love of the subject here, and there is relative love here, so they must combine. Therefore, it naturally longs for this place. That's how ideals unfold and joy comes, so the heart keeps saying go, go. It's like a compass. 

Is that so? Did you feel good believing in the Unification Church? "Yes." Raise your hands if you are that kind of person. 

And the teacher is interested wherever he goes. Why is that? Because by becoming a plus, I become an equal, complete being with all the authority of the teacher, so I keep doing that. Also, the teacher is a great plus, so you all, as minors, must become great pluses… Then my realm expands, and my joy grows because I am blessed… What does that mean? It means to use the teacher to the fullest, in reality. (Laughter)

However, this is how the principles of the universe are set, so the teacher must like it; it cannot be seen negatively. If God is a great plus and says to the teacher, "Hey, you shouldn't follow my great plus for yourself," then the teacher cannot come to this position either. It cannot be centered around me. It must be centered around principles. Therefore, in that world of heart, there is a tendency to compete with the teacher. I feel that. Is that so? "Yes." You cannot know this without experiencing the Unification Church. No matter how much you explain, you won't understand. You have to believe it to know.

Because of this, I must become a minus to go beyond the world, and since God is in a plus position, I must become a minus to go beyond the world. Only then can I possess the subjectivity that can complete this love, and as a true son or daughter of God, as a perfected son or daughter, I can confidently return before God. Therefore, the conclusion is that there is no scarier phrase than "do not fight for your country and the world" after entering the Unification Church. It is the same as saying do not work.

You must love your brothers, true parents, and God to return to the Father. 

When thinking about how to break through this in the short span of life, we are busy. Do you want to break through this, or do you want to stop along the way? "I want to break through." The teacher must break through America and reach Moscow. Do you want to do that too? "Yes." When you think about that, you have entered the path of suffering. You have entered the path of suffering. However, you can find God's love here that can govern suffering. If there are deep and difficult things, you can find deeper love, greater love. Therefore, the more you suffer in the Unification Church, the happier you are.

In this universe, God has suffered the most, and next, Reverend Moon of the Unification Church has suffered the most. After that, it is you. (Laughter) 

Without God's love, Reverend Moon's love, and your love, you cannot be loved. This is the expectation of the son-in-law. Centered on God, Reverend Moon, and you… Outside of this love, you cannot receive love. Since you have entered the realm of love, to receive God's love, you must enter the Unification Church. The conclusion is that without entering the Unification Church, you ultimately cannot possess God's love.

God's love is one, and the place where one love resides is one place. Trying to receive God's love from another place is stepmotherly love, that is, love as a stepchild, but it is not true love. It is the love of someone else's father. Therefore, God is with us as we go. You all need to know that.

So how do you know this? Now you all know. You know where I am. There is no need to explain. Do you know or not? "We know." I know whether I truly love my brothers or love them falsely. I know whether I truly love the teacher or love him falsely, whether I truly love God or love Him falsely. You know how much you love your own country and how much you love the world; based on this principle, you have become certain of what level you are at. You do not not know this. You know but do not act…

What great sound can I make when I have not fulfilled my destiny path that the heavenly principle desires, and have not fulfilled my responsibilities? Rather, I am worried about whether I will be recognized or not. If I am recognized, if something incomplete is recognized, I will be held accountable. If there is someone who has not fulfilled their responsibilities in front of the president of a company, they cannot hold their head up. Yet, can I hold my head up before the absolute God of the universe and hope to be recognized, to boast of myself, when I have not fulfilled my responsibilities? Even if I say not to be humble, I must be humble. I must know. I must know how much influence has been exerted until now.

Therefore, you must find yourself who is not ashamed before your brothers, who is not ashamed before true parents, and who is not ashamed before God. To do that, you must love the world and go. Such children will become true sons and daughters before God, true sons and daughters before the teacher, true brothers before each other, and true husbands and wives.

Everyone must seek the path that others despise, the remaining path. If you cannot go all the way while going like that, you may receive sympathy, but otherwise, you cannot receive sympathy. If you die while receiving sympathy, you can be resurrected in the Second Coming and make indemnity on this earth, but if you cannot receive sympathy, there is no way to make indemnity. Therefore, you must become sons and daughters who take responsibility for the world, who can love God's direct sons and daughters, who are not fallen, and who can love God and true parents to return before the Father. 

Unification Ceremony

From the first family, four people, from the second family, four people, from the third family, four people, come and stand. Four people each, so three times four equals twelve (3×4=12), twelve people stand. This is the twelve tribes. We are making indemnity for the fact that the twelve tribes could not become one centered on Jesus. Let us pray with the heart that we are united, representing the twelve tribes, on behalf of the twelve tribes, representing the 120 nations of the world. Here, three people represent the era of rebirth, the era of growth, and the era of perfection, and then represent heaven, earth, and humanity, and then represent the angelic world and the human world centered on God. It represents the whole world. The communist world, the democratic world, and the new world that will come… Think of it as a representative of the whole. Let’s do “My Oath” five times… (Reciting “My Oath” for the fifth time)

<Prayer> Beloved Father, please fulfill all the wishes you have had while looking forward to the day of indemnity for 6,000 years. Please resolve the sorrow left behind by not being able to fulfill the purpose of sending Jesus to unite with the Israelite people at this time. Please resolve all the sorrow you have felt during the past 30 years centered on the Unification Church and in the name of true parents.

Heaven and earth have been divided, and men and women have stood in positions of enmity, parents and children have been divided, and brothers, Cain and Abel, have become enemies of each other. Looking at the historical reality that has started in 1976, where everything has been divided in the world history, we think about where the true couples are, where the true parents are, where the true children are, where the true brothers are, and where the true tribes, nations, and true world are. In this confused world where we cannot find all of these, you have gathered a new historical unity through your name. 

And now, where hearts and bodies can unite, where men and women can unite, where husbands and wives can unite, where brothers and parents can unite, we thank you for being able to practice and realize your will on this earth to make true tribes, true nations, and true worlds.

Until now, Cain has struck Abel, and the evil sovereignty has struck the good sovereignty. However, from now on, Cain and Abel will be reversed, and if Cain strikes Abel, he must pay multiple times in the historical and undeniable era. You and the true parents know this, so please establish such laws among the heavenly nation and let us know that unless we find a way where good standards have absolute authority and evil complies with them, we will perish forever. Please allow this new historical beginning to unfold from this time.

Until now, the evil body has ruled the good heart, but from now on, the good heart must strike the evil body to subdue it and present an unchanging personality before the Father.

Until now, in families, men and women have been in positions of asserting themselves, but now, following the heavenly principle, men and women must become one and become true couples who will never repeat the mistakes of Adam and Eve in the old Eden. Moreover, the children born from them must not be children who betray like Adam and Eve did, but must become children who cannot betray centered on true parents, starting as a family where parents and children are completely united. 

We earnestly hope and desire that all the historical events where the elder brother strikes the younger brother will be washed away, and that the elder brother will love the younger brother, and the younger brother will worship and follow the elder brother, establishing the heavenly law.

From the perspective of heavenly fortune, looking at this country and our Unification Church, until now, Cain has stood in a position to dominate Abel, but from now on, if this country does not follow the path where Cain complies with Abel's authority, we know that the future of this country will soon face difficulties. Please lead and govern so that such things do not happen. We know that the nation and the church have reached a historical limit where they cannot be separated.

President Park has declared that ideological armament must be done, and we know that ideological armament cannot be done without the thought of the Unification Church. Please let this country be armed nationwide centered on this new thought, and let us know that we are at a point where we must create a new national religion that does not exist in the world and make it a central country of the world.

If this is established, it will be the time of heaven where Japan and America can connect centered on Korea. Since that time is approaching, please allow us to connect Asia centered on Japan and Korea and advance into a new historical world of unity that can lead Western civilization.

No matter how chaotic the situation may be, we know that the world moves according to the direction and will you lead. We have established a center here, so please grant us absolute authority, and may heaven take the center of Asia to unite Asia and suppress the communist world, allowing a new historical beginning to be established from this time.

No matter how tyrannical Kim Il-sung may be… The Father has… Until now, he has come out in a position of exercising the name of false parents, targeting and cursing South Korea, but from now on, when North Korea does not obey and follow South Korea, let them be changed to a position cursed from the spiritual world by the authority of heaven. We earnestly hope and desire that the Father will decide that Kim Il-sung cannot invade South Korean territory at this time. Rather, let this be a new historical turning point where South Korea can strike North Korea, and let this time be proclaimed in the name of the Father and the name of true parents to the entire universe.

Now, looking at the democratic world, especially the United States, we see that the future path is blocked. Centered on the name of true parents and the hope of historic Christianity for the Second Coming, let us move America and unite the democratic world, thereby suppressing the communist world of the satanic world, and let the nations know that a historical time is approaching.

Now, Jews and Christians are united in opposing the Unification Church, but we know that they cannot help but be in a Cain-like position. By embracing and loving them from the Abel-like position of the Unification Church, we forgive them at this time, so please let the Father forget their historical sins and subdue them centered on the third Unification Church, allowing Abel to enter the democratic world with the rights of the firstborn.

Until now, we have known that the angelic world has ruled over the Adam world on earth. Now is not that time; let all humanity in the Adam world on earth transition to a time where they can govern the spiritual world corresponding to the angelic world, so that we can become one before your name.

We earnestly hope and desire that the hearts of humanity, which could not connect with your heart, and the hearts of historical humans who have made pledges with sad hearts before you, can now be transformed into joyful hearts, establishing the origin of emotional unity.

Centered on the name of true parents, in order to prepare the conclusion of the principle according to the principles, the Father has been watching over the complicated situation of the Unification Church until now, so please receive all of this joyfully.

This time, this ceremony is a ceremony of unity. May bodies and hearts become one to become true people, and may true men and women become one to become true couples, and through the unity of true couples, may true children become one, and through the unity of true children, may the incomplete Cain centered on Abel, centered on the love of brothers, be allowed to unite. 

Thus, that family, in the position of true Abel, will gather true Cain tribes, and that true tribe will gather true Cain nations from the Abel position, and that true Abel-based nation will gather true Cain world realms from the Abel position, so that the Abel world and Cain world, in other words, the Adam world and the angelic world, can become one centered on God in a world of unity. We earnestly hope and desire that this holy ceremony be accepted.

In this sense, we know that 1976 is a historical turning point, a time when the historical fortune of unity can be achieved centered on heaven. This is a time of crossing a watershed, so please allow what you have not been able to exercise until now to be exercised from this time, and until now, all people on earth have not been able to freely cooperate in the creation of Adam, but now all the spiritual worlds…
I earnestly hope that you will allow us to mobilize and cooperate in the recreation and completion of Adam, leading us to a unified world. 

Thus, may the people on earth inherit the bloodline and emotional connection of the True Parents, dominate the angelic world, and become the original humanity equipped with the heart of devoted children and loyal subjects before the Father. I sincerely request and wish for this to be granted. 

May you receive this offering of this ceremony today. As you personally proclaim it in the name of the Father, simultaneously declare it before all beings and people on this earth in the name of the True Parents, and proclaim it in your name in the spirit world. I ask that you personally declare it and seal it here. Please allow all beings to willingly accept this new historic day that begins today. 

The time has come for even the evil Satan to realize that if he continues to resist, he will have to pay back with conditions of indemnity that are dozens or hundreds of times greater. Therefore, I earnestly hope and wish that you will open the path of reconciliation, where he can comply and be loved, and the path of advancement. I offer this ceremony in the name of the True Parents before you, so please willingly accept it. I thank you and declare all these words in the name of the True Parents. Amen. (Following this, the chant of "Long live the unified world" and "Long live the True Parents" is led.)

As you all know, the year 1976 is a historic year. You must have heard in the words that the rally held last year in Yeouido was to establish a substantial national standard on the spiritual and national victory foundation laid by the Unification Church. What this means is that it was a historic event to indemnify the fact that the Jewish nation and Judaism could not unite because Jesus died on the cross. 

The Yeouido rally was an event that prepared the origin of the unity of the nation’s spirit and body. During the time of Jesus, what happened was that the Jewish people and the government united to reject Jesus. However, what happened last year was that the Unification Church and the government united to reject the established church. It happened just like that. At the same time, members of the Unification Church came from 60 countries. This represented numerous countries around the world. From a horizontal perspective, the democratic world is the spiritual Christian world, so to bring forth the spiritual world, as you know, we organized the International Task Force (IOWC) to enter here.

By bringing in Western people, we gathered all the spiritual victorious authority of Christianity in the Western world. Countless spirits who had gone back and forth in Asian countries and many spirits sacrificed in Christianity could not unite. However, by holding such an event last year, Asia and the Western cultural sphere were able to unite. At the same time, all the good spirits who had been loyal to their countries and sovereignty in the Asian region and all the spirits who had done good works centered on Christian culture in Western society were able to unite. That was the time.

Korea is one country, but it is a nation that has established historic indemnity conditions representing the world, thus forming a unified origin for the entire world. The unification of Korea in spirit and body is the same as the unification of the Western civilization sphere and the Asian civilization sphere, and the unification of Christianity and today’s Unification Church. In other words, the foundation of the spiritual world, which is the Christian world… centered on today’s Korea and the Unification Church, must connect the spiritual standards to the world, and if we do not connect the physical foundation of all the fortunes of the world’s Christianity centered on that spiritual standard, there will be no way to the physical world. The rally that determines that work was the Yeouido rally. Therefore, it was a historic event.

The people who gathered did not come by their own strength. The entire spirit world was mobilized, and they came without even realizing it. As a result, they made records that have never existed in Korean history. They left records of gatherings that have never existed in world history. This fact was truly an event that transcended a single origin centered on the nation, both spiritually and physically.

From this year, we can take the offensive. Immediately after the event, I tried to meet President Park for that reason. I extended it through the first, second, and third phases. I have fulfilled my responsibility. I have fulfilled my responsibility. Therefore, with such conditions established… now entering the second year of the three-year course… since I went to America, the wind has begun to blow, and the media has been quite aggressive towards me. However, I believe that by April of this year, it will have passed. Starting from this new year, I am taking the offensive. 

What has been publicized until now, what is grateful? It is said that the communists are manipulating and brainwashing Reverend Moon. That has become the headline. They kidnapped me and caused legal issues, but in court, the facts were revealed, and they all received sentences. They were completely cornered. 

So, the entire American media planned to capture Reverend Moon. They opposed him since the Nixon era. And when the yellow race came and swept across all of America, it was emotionally unfavorable. There was something cunning about it. Until now, they have established a 200-year history centered on Western civilization and have been living well, but suddenly a person comes and not only stirs up the church but also gathers young people and makes them work hard. From our perspective, we have our claims, but from their perspective, it is exploitation. They think we are making them do flower selling or street fundraising… However, what do our members think? They think, “Let me sacrifice myself to save the world.” The purpose is different.

People in the world are praised for diligently working eight hours for their personal lives, right? How can we save the world and the nation by doing the same as the people of the world? We believe we must do more than that. We must do more for others and for the world. This is our view, but they cannot understand this view.

They go out around six in the morning and come back at twelve, one, or two at night. When they see this in American society, it is truly exploitation. Where does that money go? What do you mean? Do I steal and make it disappear? I have created assets worth millions and tens of millions of dollars by buying land and doing things. So, it is unimaginable. They cannot understand it no matter how much they research.

Where does this money come from? Is it not robbery? Is it not that the communists set up Reverend Moon to devour and manipulate America? Are the communists cooperating? They think like that. However, no matter how much the CIA investigates… if Reverend Moon had not engaged in victory activities, something very serious would have happened. Because he has engaged in victory activities, both in Korea and Asia, he is stamped as the foremost figure of anti-communism, so there is no room for doubt. Until now, they have looked at me through colored glasses… they have taken pictures of me while I sleep, and they have done all sorts of things. Sometimes when they tried to catch me, I would run away… all of this was done by FBI and CIA agents. They have done such things.

Not long ago, the CIA chief came to Minister Kim and quietly asked. He said he could not really understand Reverend Moon and asked for guidance. When they see the money being spent, they think someone from the Korean government must be funding it because there is no other source. It cannot be the communists… If there is a way, it can only be the Korean government, so what is going on? Minister Kim’s response was quite brilliant. “Look. As you know, the Korean Embassy spends three million dollars a year in the United States. That is well known.” He said, “That’s right.” Then he said, “But how much do you think Reverend Moon is spending now? It’s tens of millions of dollars.” That’s how he sees it. The other person nodded and agreed. Then he asked, “What sovereign country would support an individual with more than three times the budget of its official embassy to manipulate the counterpart country? Is there such a country?” It seems he was confronted with that. So, he said, “Ah, I see,” and then he ran away.

Seeing that, they are very interested in me… they are trying to find a way to get rid of me if there is any condition. There is religious freedom, and ideologically, it is not communism. From the standpoint of a religious person, I am in a leading position in Christianity, so there is no way to catch me. There is no way to catch me if they want to. Recently, some newspapers said they would investigate through the National Tax Service… Let them investigate. I will declare that if the National Tax Service investigates the Unification Church. The great nation of America, which dominates the democratic world, mobilizes the State Department, the CIA, and the FBI to capture Reverend Moon, and even then cannot catch him, so now they mobilize the National Tax Service to set conditions to catch him? This is ridiculous, America. They are trying to tighten the noose. Let them do it.

I am currently in such a struggle. No matter how much they try to spread bad rumors and capture me, all their plans have begun to collapse. That is why we are taking the offensive now. This is all under the guidance of heaven. Providence must match the timing.

Now is the historic turning point when we can win forever. The year 1976 is the second year of the three-year course. Although the United States, the center of the world, is within the spiritual Christian cultural sphere, we have connected the spiritual foundation of Christianity and the Unification Church based on the victory we achieved in the three-year course. Because of that, the democratic world and Christianity, which are the spiritual footholds, are already under our sovereignty. Based on this foundation, we must establish the national standard in Korea, centering on the spirit and body, and bring it to the entire United States during the three-year course. This is until April 1976, 1977, and 1978. We started in April. Until then, America will inevitably become chaotic around me. That chaos has been rising since two years ago.

The fact that Jesus died on the cross was because he was rejected from the second year of his three-year public ministry. So he fell upside down, but now, from the second year process, he is rising in the opposite direction. Now is such a time. Therefore, the years 1975, 1976, and 1977 are the time to connect the foundation of physical victory to the foundation of spiritual victory on a global scale. Because we established the conditions for victory centered on the national standard in Yeouido Plaza, that is possible. Because we established those conditions for victory, no matter what they do, they cannot push us out. I know the principle that no matter how much they strike us, they cannot win.

That is why a great struggle is unfolding centered on the Yankee Stadium event. I am aware that they will try to surround us by all sorts of means. They will try all sorts of tricks. Once that process passes, if we can overcome that hurdle, we will move towards the Washington event… that is the second event centered on Madison Square Garden. If we can just get over this standard… Originally, it was supposed to be held in 1975, but since that could not happen, we just prayed and extended it.

Once we pass the Washington event, we will enter a historic turning point. There are about four months left from now. I see this remaining period as a stage of flipping over. I am glad to be in Korea for a while. Now they are all making desperate efforts, and Reverend Moon is… that is how it is. They are making their final desperate efforts because they know they will be cornered. Even terrorism… the Paris Unification Church was attacked because of that. There is a possibility that such phenomena could occur in America as well. They say they will blow up Belvedere, and the fire department and police are being mobilized for that.

In fact, it cannot be doubted. There was such an incident in France. What that means is that the conservative established church and the communists colluded to do it. Since the New York Times reported it officially, now even if the communists manipulate it from behind and promote it in broad daylight, the American public cannot oppose it. Now, we are at a stage where we can move forward under very favorable conditions.

Because I am the target of attack, I am also doing this kind of event, because this can be beneficial both inside and outside. That is why I came this time. By conducting this ceremony… through this, a unified boundary will emerge from one individual to family, tribe, nation, and world. Do you understand? Until now, such a method has not been used. Everything has been about rising. We have done things that elevate, but there has never been a method to create a turning point centered on a unified front personally and horizontally.

In the historic turning point of 1976, our Unification Church is crossing the national indemnity peak and bringing the global fortune through this kind of event, so now the Unification Church is moving into a decisive dimension where it can win forever. You must understand that this is such a time. The current government is also hoping for such a time… The announcement from the presidential address that ideological unification must happen is not a coincidence. To support that, from the professor academy, everyone… now the prominent figures in Korea are becoming aware that the unification ideology is great, environmentally.

To arm ourselves ideologically, there is nowhere to do it except the Ministry of Information or the Ministry of Internal Affairs. Currently, the education through our training center is being requested by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and the Ministry of Information. The results show that 98 percent of those who received that education believe that this education should be developed as a nationwide education. That has been the report until now. I believe the results of this presidential address came from such reports from the Ministry of Internal Affairs. The fact that this country must arm itself with a new ideology means that it is laying the foundation to unite on a new level. This all fits together inside and outside. You must understand that this is such a time.

Today, the day of the Unification Ceremony is the day when good can strike evil. 

So what must we do from now on? Whether it is our church itself or the teacher's family, the final path is the path of principle. It is the path of principle. Until now, the teacher has come through various complicated environments, but now everything must be settled into one. We must organize everything based on principled standards.
So this time, we did not bring Teacher Choi. From this year onwards, since the environment will need to focus on the family as much as possible, we need to resolve various internal and external issues, such as educational problems centered around the children. Until now, the teacher has fought on the front lines, but that time has passed. Now is the time for mothers to stand on the front lines. Therefore, we must establish order both inside and outside.

Until now, we have not been able to establish order. We have not yet settled into our positions. Why have we not settled? No matter how much an individual tries to settle, that position... the position of Adam before the fall is a historically significant position. Therefore, unless we establish conditions for restoration that transcend nations and create a global foundation, individuals cannot settle into their positions. That is the principle. Even if we want to establish such positions, we cannot do so. We must establish historical conditions for restoration; that is what the teacher has been doing until now. Now that those conditions have been established, we are moving to a stage where individuals can settle, families can settle, tribes can settle, nations can settle, and ultimately the world can settle.

What is unification? Until now, Cain has struck Abel. Evil has attacked good. That time has now passed. Good can strike evil, but evil cannot strike good. You must understand that this is a historic day of change. That is why we have named this ceremony the Unification Ceremony. Do you understand? "Yes."

A unified family centered on ideal love must become the center of the tribe. Moreover, for members of the Unification Church, from now on, when we consider the heart and body, the body must completely unite under the standard of public thought. This is the problem. If this does not happen, it cannot work. The body must always unite without disturbance around the purpose that the heart desires. If I take myself as an example, no matter how difficult the environment, the goal centered on the heart was unwavering. Even in the most miserable situations, I overcame and transcended that misery, and I had that mindset without any disturbance whatsoever. It cannot be any other way.

Similarly, from now on, you must have the resolve to align your bodies with the purpose centered on the heart, God's will, God's unified world, and God's ideal of creation, and be willing to make any sacrifice necessary. There must be no differences here. If there are differences, it will inevitably lead to illness or some form of restoration, as seen from this perspective.

The heart and body must unite. A united man and woman must also unite around the family. In centering on the family, men and women must love each other, but they must also love the ideal of creation. Loving the husband and loving the wife is love, but where should that love culminate? It should not be a culmination between the couple themselves but should unite around the love of the ideal of creation. That is God's ideal of creation. The center of the love of the ideal of creation is God. It is love centered on God. We must unite here.

Thus, centered on the love of the ideal of creation, the couple must unite without disturbance. They must not be able to separate even if they wanted to. When the couple unites like that, a vertical love is established within a horizontal love realm, and only then can the true parental position be formed, making it impossible for their children to be unfilial. We are moving into an era where it is impossible to be unfilial. If they are unfilial, they will inevitably face restoration.

In the past, parents faced restoration. It was reversed. Good people took the place of the bad. Since the evil side had to restore, they could only kill everyone, so they had to restore instead. Now, that will be reversed. The side of Satan must restore. Therefore, centered on the parents, the children must unite. If we look at the children, until now, Cain has attacked Abel from the position of the elder brother. Such miserable tragedies have occurred.

Centered on God, centered on the parents, you must educate and set an example so that siblings can be filial and unite before the parents. How should this be done? Parents must educate. It is not someone else who educates. Until now, education has been conducted in schools, but in the future world, it must be the parents who educate.

When the mother and father unite and set an example, the children will take that example, and among siblings, the man should love like this and the woman should support like that... They must carry on such traditions and form new families. When that happens, that family will become a model for all neighbors, and relatives will look up to them. Thus, a unified realm will emerge.

When we pursue the reason for this, it will naturally be known that it is because we believe in the Unification Church and live centered on God's ideal of creation. Furthermore, when that happens, all the people in the neighborhood will naturally gather to that house. When relatives have something to discuss, they will want to come to that family.

These days, there is an interdenominational movement, and pastors from established churches, after hearing the principles of the Unification Church, feel the need to confess their issues, saying it would be easier to confess directly. Similarly, when a realm centered on heavenly love emerges, everyone will naturally comply and transform. When that happens, they will all let go of everything. They must let go to unite, and they will do so unconsciously.

What this means is that centered on that family, all the relatives in the neighborhood can unite. If they understand their secrets and guide them with goodwill, everyone will be guided. This way, tribes will be bound together, and centered on such tribes, a nation... When we talk about nations, there are many tribes, such as the Park clan, the Kim clan, and various surnames. Speaking of the association leader, it is the Kim clan, but what the Kim clan must do is not just to prosper themselves but to ensure the nation prospers. And they must create many tribes into one. What is a nation? A nation cannot only be horizontal; when it represents sovereignty, it must create a vertical point of connection.

Today, what is the vertical point of connection between tribes and nations? It is sovereignty. It is acting on behalf of God. Therefore, we must form a nation that represents heaven, centered on the sovereignty that God desires. That was the path Adam and Eve were supposed to take. However, due to the fall, they expanded the global scope, so we must take responsibility for restoring that global stage. This is why there are many side effects and why restoration activities are taking place.

It is our responsibility to bind the global stage. However, if a unified nation emerges from this Abel-like position, all countries will take that nation as a model. Moreover, since communism has emerged... If Korea can become completely unified and establish an ideal national form, Korea will become a global nation. Why? Because it is on the front line of communism. Korea is the representative nation fighting against communism, and if it can create a standard that surpasses communism, it will become global. Then, democratic nations will inevitably follow the direction of this principle and this country. Therefore, the existence of communism serves as a shield for unification.

As a result, even Satan has helped pave this path, establishing conditions for forgiveness. We can glimpse God's providence for saving humanity beyond all principles.

Even in our Unification Church, if we do not engage in victory activities, the Unification Church would have no name today. Isn't that so? We came out with the name anti-communism... This nation is threatened by the communist party, so we can establish a leading foundation against it and unite with the nation. Communism is attacking us... Recently, leaders of the Japanese Chongryon gathered and said that it is not Park's regime that is the problem, but rather Moon's issue, and they must deal with Moon. They are resolved like this. In the end, the issue is not the government but that I am the problem.

As a result, the people naturally unite, and the sovereign will inevitably take an interest and cannot help but unite. We are currently rising to this stage. I believe that when we reach the turning point by April of this year, a good era will come that can expand all the way to the Asian sphere. We will have to wait and see what will happen. From a providential perspective, April is a critical point. The first year ends in April. The first year has not yet passed. That is why the mobilization activities started in April. The first year is still remaining. Now, when April comes, we will enter a period of great change for the nation and Asia. Therefore, based on that time, I have been involved in issues like the Self-Defense Forces and the Liberal Democratic Party in Japan behind the scenes.

When viewed from this dimension, if we can pass through well, the world can turn upside down, and the Unification Church will become a new driving force in Asia.

As a result, ultimately, if the CIA and FBI are involved only in Japan, the policies regarding Asia... This is the providential path that the United States must take in the future, and no matter how much they try to escape, they cannot. The more they try to escape, the more shame they will face and the more problems will arise. From this perspective, we are in a historical new transitional era. In this era, to achieve a successful conclusion and to organize under heaven's will, we must understand that this kind of ceremony is truly important. Do you understand?

The significance of the Unification Ceremony
The 36 families, 72 families, and 120 families are one team. They cannot be separated. The 36 families represent the ancestors of the past. The 72 families represent the sons and daughters. The 120 families represent the world national priests. They refer to the twelve tribes. It speaks of the global division of the twelve tribes. That is the issue. The ancestors, Cain and Abel, and the twelve tribes must unite. That is the history of restoration.

What is the history of restoration? It is to unite the parents and transform the bad Cain and Abel into the original sons and daughters of God, making them one. The 72 families are in the Cain and Abel form regarding the 36 families. They must unite. However, that alone will unify the family, but there will be no horizontal foundation for the world. Therefore, the 120 families, which expand the concept of the twelve tribes to a global scale, are necessary. The 72 members and 120 members are forms of global expansion. Those standards must be restored. The reason for having 120 families present here today is in that context. The 36 families are the ancestors, and the 72 families are in the Cain and Abel form. They have fought. This has led to the failure of the purpose, so they must unite. The 72 families must unite with the 36 families. The 72 families are in the Cain and Abel form. Thus, centered on the ancestors, Cain and Abel unite, and then they must unite with the twelve tribes. This way, they will not perish.

Even when looking at Jesus, it is the same. Centered on Jesus, he must unite with the 70 members, and then through restoration, he must establish representatives of the twelve tribes as ancestors, and set up the 70 members and 120 members to create a condition to overcome. However, that was a failure. By restoring and creating this, everyone can overcome. That is why I asked for the presence of 120 families today. The district leaders of South Korea represent the nation, the world, and the land. The district leaders represent the clan leaders. Therefore, although this form is being conducted here on the second floor of our headquarters in South Korea, it is a global ceremony. You must understand the significance of this.

Thus, now the boundaries from the individual to the family, tribe, nation, and world... Until now, those boundaries have not been defined. This is the time when it is to be formed in a straight line, so everything we do from now on will be victorious. That is how we see it. Do you understand? "Yes." This is the meaning of this ceremony. That is why I see it as the most precious ceremony in the Unification Church.

In fact, I had planned to bring Hyojin and Yejin this time, but due to school, I could not, so I brought Kwonjin instead. The name Kwonjin... Our children's names are quite interesting. Hyojin, then Heungjin, Hyunjin... Hyojin sets the condition of having been filial. Then, because of being filial, Heungjin means to prosper. So, Heungjin. Then there is Hyunjin. Because it prospers, it appears. After receiving blessings, everything is finally revealed. That is Hyunjin. Then there is Gukjin. Where does it appear? In the nation. He can know the fortune of the nation. Gukjin has that responsibility. Then what about Kwonjin? It means bringing authority. It is the time to bring authority to the Unification Church. All the children's names are like that.

That is why a child born from now on is different from children of the past. Just a few days after being born, they start to smile. Everything is different. When held, unlike children of the past who liked their mother's back, they absolutely do not. From the moment they are held, they want to turn around. Their bodies may not go, but their heads do this. Wow, that is really strange. It is truly strange. And they are really smart. From this perspective, Kwonjin... Therefore, in the future...

The Unification Church has indeed made Kwonjin famous in America. I gained recognition and received many awards in America, and my name became known. The providential aspect aligns with the name. That is why I brought Kwonjin this time. I thought it would be troublesome to bring him, as I expected difficulties in adapting to the environment, but I brought him for that meaning. And Kwonjin has American citizenship, so he also represents America. Everything is connected to Korea. That is why I brought Kwonjin this time. Please understand that...

The path of restoration is the process of sacrificing oneself for restoration.
Your families must now live centered on the principles of unification. In my personal life, my body and mind must align, and in the family, the couple must align, and in society, it must be so in the nation. Wherever you go in the world, you must be individuals who know that you are part of the realm of unification and are heading towards a single purpose for the unified nation and the unified world. If you do not become such individuals, the future will not be good. You will face restoration.

Restoration occurs in three stages. You may receive restoration through material means, then your children may suffer, and then your own body... That is the law of restoration. In the Old Testament era, restoration was through material means, in the New Testament era, it was through sons, and in the era of the Completed Testament, it is through parents. Therefore, it is like that.
Phenomena occur. The reason you receive indemnity is not simply because your body is affected. Material damage occurs. Families become chaotic. The environment becomes disturbed. Then, you must repent immediately. After that, children fall ill as a form of indemnity. If you remain unaware, it strikes you. If you cannot repent at this time, it is the end. Even in the stages of resurrection and growth, if you do not repent while being struck, it becomes the end. This is how it happens.

Knowing that the law of indemnity applies this way, especially you members of the Unification Church, you must strive to always unite your body and mind centered on the word "unification." You must become one in your families, become one with your church, and then become one with your nation and the world. It is the heavenly way to unite with your family, even at the cost of personal sacrifice. It is the path of good conduct. Next, you must sacrifice your family to save your relatives. This is different from how it has been until now.

Until now, even if it meant sacrificing the nation, I had to live well, and even if it meant sacrificing relatives, I had to live well, and even if it meant sacrificing my wife, the husband tried to live well. However, it is the opposite now. It is purely the opposite. You must sacrifice yourself to restore the couple, and the couple must sacrifice for the family, and the family must sacrifice for the tribe. The tribe must sacrifice for the nation, the nation for the world...

Therefore, for the Republic of Korea to become a nation blessed by heaven in the future, it must stand in the position of Abel toward the world and sacrifice for the world. A nation that establishes such policies will never perish. It is purely the opposite. Currently, nations around the world are trying to exploit everything centered on their own countries, whether it is the United States or any other nation. It is the opposite, right? The current and future one nation is the opposite. Even if it means sacrificing their own country, it must be for the world...

Furthermore, for the world that heaven desires, one must sacrifice their own country. Since the nations of the world have not become the kind of nations that heaven desires, what does it mean to sacrifice? It means to teach. It means to guide. Why must we sacrifice? It is to lead.

Then, what are the achievements that can be left as a historical tradition? Only the achievements based on the spirit of sacrifice have remained in today's fallen world. Look at it, is that not so? It is true, right? Such people have remained as saints, historical figures, or loyal subjects. Only under such a spirit of sacrifice have public achievements remained. Therefore, you must understand that sacrificing is for leaving such things behind.

It is absolutely necessary to sacrifice... Already giving to others... What does giving mean? It aligns with the position where God consumed Himself during creation. To invest oneself is to create a second self, just as God invested Himself when creating. Since the history of re-creation is the path of indemnity and restoration, and since indemnity occurs through the history of re-creation, it is inevitable that sacrifice is required, which is a theoretical conclusion.

The teacher himself is the same. When I come to the Korean Unification Church... I do not think about helping Korea. I aim to help the world by gathering from Korea. Even if it means sacrificing Japan, even if it means sacrificing Korea, even though the United States is a wealthy and prosperous country, I aim to save the United States by sacrificing the entire Unification Church. What does that mean? It means re-creation. It means investing. You must truly invest everything of yourself. God abandoned everything to create Adam and Eve. He mobilized angels, included all things, and invested all of His spirit. That is the creation of humanity.

In today's national context, we must go through such a re-creation process, so the Republic of Korea must make an investment in all areas before heaven. Doing this is to teach the way. On that day, the absolute world will not perish. There will definitely be a side that benefits. The Republic of Korea will be blessed and prosper because it serves as a model, and many nations will follow that one nation's path for restoration.

The path of restoration and the principle of unification cannot exist without the path of indemnity. You must always think that the path of indemnity cannot be traversed without sacrificing oneself. Therefore, even if it means sacrificing the heart, you must find ways to unite the body and heart. Even if there is pain in oneself, the heart must comfort and transcend that place to be restored. Everything aligns with this formula, this principle. From the individual to the family, tribe, nation, and world, even when looking at the issues of the earthly world and the heavenly world, it ultimately leads to the same principle.

Thus, the official path to take this way is fundamentally established. The individual is for the family, the family is for the tribe, the tribe is for the nation, the nation is for the world, the world is for heaven and earth, and heaven and earth are for God. Only then can what God has sown with sincerity bear fruit and be harvested with sincerity. This fits perfectly in theory. Therefore, to create one, we must follow such a path.

The one who sows and reaps is the master. 

So who becomes the master? The one who sows and reaps becomes the master. The exercise of the master... The spirit world is like that. When you see Korea, when there is a bountiful harvest in the fall, the villages rejoice and the nation rejoices; it is the same. When the sower reaps, it is the principle of heaven and earth. To be able to do that, one must sow with sincerity and reap with sincerity. That becomes the foundation for the completion of oneness. This is the principle. What is the ideal of creation? It is the sincere gathering of what God sincerely sowed globally; that is the completion of the ideal of creation. That is an undeniable fact.

When we look at this, the question is how far you are in terms of unity in your own lives. This is something that does not need to be asked. Everyone knows. There is no need to teach. I know what kind of existence I am. I know whether I am fake or real. You all know that well. Saying you don’t know is a blatant lie. You know, so you develop; if you don’t know, can you develop? You know completely. Your conscience knows everything. You know what level you are at, don’t you? Don’t you all know? You all know.

Now, we as a couple know what kind of couple we are. We know whether we are a couple aligned with the true principle. The husband knows, and the wife knows. Also, when we look at our responsibilities as parents toward our children, we know whether we have become the kind of couple that the principle pursues. We also know whether that family is a family responsible for the tribe. Everyone knows. Because you know, you can practice. Through practice, you can come to the blessed position of heaven. Therefore, everyone is in a position to teach. Knowing is the same as being taught. When you have been taught but cannot practice, you will be held accountable. That is the heavenly law, the heavenly law. Because there is a conscience, you cannot say you don’t know. If you become unaware, the spirit world will teach you.

Now is the time when you can make remarkable progress if you put in the effort. 

You must become one along this path. Families must become one, churches must become one, nations must become one, the world must become one, and the spirit world must become one with God... Until now, this path has not been opened. No matter how much an individual or family has completed, it is on hold until the world standard is opened. That is the position of the spirit world. Do you understand what I mean? No matter how much an individual has devoted themselves or how excellent a family is, it is on hold until the historical path through the tribe, nation, and world is opened. Therefore, the conclusion is that one cannot live an ideal life in the spirit world. Do you understand what I mean?

In the historical era, the Unification Church has come out and opened this path. Because we have opened the way to go from the individual to the family, tribe, nation, and world, you have entered a time where you can make remarkable progress if you put in the effort. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." In the past, it was blocked, so no matter how well one did and devoted themselves, there was still a wait of thousands or tens of thousands of years after death. Therefore, there was no way to leap forward. The future path of indemnity remains, and one’s lifetime is 80 years, so there was nothing one could do. So even after death, one had to go to the spirit world and take the path of re-indemnity, but now the time has come to indemnify through the Second Coming.

Therefore, from now on, what will happen? Good spirits will relentlessly strike their descendants day and night. That conclusion is reached. The spirit world will no longer remain still. The spirit world itself is at a time of leap, so it will strike its descendants. Therefore, if you do not go to the Unification Church, your ancestors will give you sickness and medicine. This is the time we have entered. These days, we see such phenomena happening in the United States. Organizations are beginning to gather. Spiritual history is unfolding. Good spirits are teaching everything. Jesus is the same, and ancestors are mobilizing to strike relentlessly.

The grandmother in Nonsan is also opening the way for ancestral liberation. It is necessary to open that way for the ancestors to come down freely. When liberation occurs, that path is paved, and you must understand that there is a principle within that purpose. It opens the way for all ancestors to be able to return. Because the era is coming where spirits can leap forward, they approach the earth and work through such grandmothers. Do you understand what I mean? Even the leaders did not understand, but they did. It is about liberating the ancestors.

The teacher also held a general liberation ceremony on May 1st last year. Even Satan has been completely... "You all must leap forward." Everything has been opened. And now, this year, we have finally been able to hold this Unification Ceremony. This establishes a historical new beginning. Therefore, now is the time for Buddhism to leap forward. Until now, it has been blocked. These days, those who have been meditating in the mountains are flocking to the Salvation Spirit Friends Association led by Jang Yong-chang, right? Such miscellaneous practitioners are the first to gather, and then the spiritually enlightened people from Christianity and religious practitioners will gather. That is the order. Miscellaneous practitioners gather first, and then religious people within the providence will gather. The time is such.

Therefore, in the future, without understanding the principle, there is no way to resolve the confusion in the spirit world. That time is now coming. You must understand that you are entering a dimension that approaches the spiritual world. If you do not establish this principled foundation of unity, the spirit world will strike. The spirit world can strike.

At this time, what authority will emerge? The good spirit world is the authority of good angels, and then the authority of Adam has emerged, and the authority of fallen descendants of Adam has emerged. This is how it happens. What will happen is that here and there will become one. As a result, God, the angelic world, and Adam will become one. Thus, the world of Satan will be as if it does not exist. Do you understand what I mean? Originally, the Garden of Eden is a unified world centered on God and Adam. If viewed in this form, it means that the good spirit world and the Unification Church have become one. That is the same as being one with God, the archangel, and Adam. Therefore, if you do not want to perish, you must obey. It is the Cain type. Cain can only live by submission, and now is the time for that.

From the individual to the family world, to heaven and earth, by establishing such conditions, the Unification Church is now entering a dimension where it can develop remarkably, and in the not-too-distant future, it will enter a time where one world can manifest. We can understand this. You must know such things and apply them in your lives...

The subject and object must become one for God to operate.

In your lives, you should not live centered on your individual self. You must always work for the world and the nation, making even a penny of contribution and effort. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Moreover, the 36 families are people in public positions. You must not think absolutely privately. Even if you spend money, do not spend it privately. In a public position for God's will, you can spend as much as you want, but if you spend it in a private capacity and deviate from the public standard, you will definitely receive indemnity. You must understand this principle, and the 36 families, 72 families, and 120 families must unite from Korea, one. These days, the 72 families are criticizing the 36 families, and the 120 families are doing this and that, but that should not be the case.

How does the teacher see it? I see it in terms of principle. No matter how well the 72 families have done, if they do not recognize the standard set by the 36 families, they cannot commend the 72 families. They cannot praise them. And no matter how well the 120 families have done, if they do not see the standard set by the 72 families, they cannot bless the 120 families. That is the principle. Therefore, these three must inevitably become one. Do you understand? "Yes."

The 36 families are the resurrected forms of the ancestors of fallen humanity, the 72 families are the resurrected forms of their sons and daughters, and the 120 families are the resurrected forms of the people of the world. Therefore, when these become one, ultimately the family and children become one, and the world becomes one. Thus, I see that I must take responsibility up to the 120 families. Do you understand? From now on, you must adopt the same way of thinking as the teacher. To find one world, you must find one nation, and to find one nation, you must mobilize your own clan, if it is the Moon clan, you must mobilize the Moon tribe. You must mobilize the tribe to save this Republic of Korea. Such a view must be firmly established.

Also, you must save the tribe centered on your family. The term "tribal messiah" comes from this. When you become a tribal messiah, you can stand in a position to replace the national messiah realm, and when that happens, the messiah can rise to a national standard. Isn’t that so? When the tribal standard emerges, it can dominate the leadership connected to the national standard and rise to the nation. Indemnity and restoration are carried out in this way.

Only when the subject and object become one can God operate, right? Principally, when the subject and object become one, a center must arise. God’s presence is there. When the subject and object give and receive, a central point, a place that can revolve eternally, must be found. Therefore, from the movement of the subject and object, a sphere is formed. That is how it happens. Therefore, unless the subject and object completely give and receive, they cannot receive God’s dominion. If you do not establish the conditions to become God’s counterpart, the logic that you have no relation with God is established.

When the couple becomes one, God will dwell in that family. When parents and children become one, God dwells among them, and when the family becomes one centered on the tribe, God dwells there. When the subject and object become one, that authority expands. You must not understand such responsibilities vaguely. You must establish such relationships in practical life with a heart that...
You must have the attitude of living and working. From there, you must completely dedicate something fruitful. That is the system of offerings. It is called tithing. In the future, it will not just be tithing; the tenth of the tenth will all belong to heaven. You must center your life around these principles and live in accordance with them. From now on, I believe we must do everything based on principles. Do you understand? "Yes."

To win the Yankee Stadium event, look. Now, even in the communist world, spiritual science is... In spiritual science, the Soviet Union is currently leading. Looking at that, the world turns in a truly strange way. What the teacher has said until now is not vague. When viewed in the context of the official development of the path of restoration through indemnity, it is bound to happen that way. Even my operations regarding America, the current plan to hold a gathering of 200,000 at Yankee Stadium is a fanciful statement. However, I believe it will definitely become a reality. From a spiritual perspective, spirits are hanging upside down on the walls. It will be so crowded that they are hanging upside down on the walls.

As much as the spiritual world is working hard, we must also work hard on earth, each of us diligently. The spiritual world is mobilized to not lose. Just as the spiritual world works hard without sleeping or resting, I must move with the conviction that I will work even harder than that, without resting for 24 hours. When that happens, I believe we can fill the place even with 500 people.

Look at our Yeouido event. That is a dream-like reality. The teacher has that kind of conviction. A whirlwind is blowing. I plan to hold the Washington event around the beginning of October this year. We must finish it quickly. I believe that the day we win the Yankee Stadium event, the Washington event will also be victorious without any problems. If we can mobilize 300,000 people... well, we are planning for more than 300,000, over 500,000.

If we can mobilize more than 200,000 in New York, then we will carry out the same operation in Washington. This Yankee Stadium event will also use the same strategy that was victorious at Madison Square Garden. From a principled perspective, a foundation for resurrection is established. Completion occurs on that foundation. Before I announced it, I overturned everything they were doing among themselves. "You guys, that's not how it should be done." With that, I corrected the entire system this time. When I was in Miami, they held a preparatory meeting and came up with ideas saying, "It would be good to do it this way," but I told them that wouldn't work. I instructed them to do it the way we did at Madison Square Garden, to quickly revive the activities of those people. I have all the lists and know all the methods, so from the moment we start, we will push forward based on the fierce standards we had at Madison Square Garden.

It takes a month to organize and prepare a new system. It takes more than 40 days. It is a huge loss. So we are just going to stick with that method... I explained it. The Yankee Stadium has 55,000 seats. Originally, the stadium can seat 55,000. We believe we will gather about 60,000. We estimate between 45,000 and 60,000. In that sense, we have already won. How can we know that? If we simply extend the activities from Madison Square Garden, it will naturally lead to victory because those participating will do so with the determination to succeed. The mindset is already certain... right?

If we just do it as it is, it will be full. So what are we negotiating now? The baseball field, that plaza with grass... If we pack it in there, we could fit about 110,000, but the baseball club is absolutely opposed to it. If the public comes in and tramples the grass, it will be completely ruined. So we are currently fighting over that. Whether to do it or not, the date has already been set for May 28, so we are negotiating that now.

If it doesn't work, we have an easier option. The law is set up that way. Yankee Stadium can be filled with the activities from last year's Madison Square Garden event. In the end, it will be a victory. If that happens, we will try to carry the momentum from New York all the way to the Washington event. From New York, from Boston... To do that, we are putting in our efforts. "You, take a day off that day." We will charter buses and take everyone. So we are also planning interesting programs. Centering around the Washington event, we will create good programs... If necessary, we are even thinking of doing something like comedy at that time. If we promote that, the atmosphere will change. After that, senators and representatives, I can easily pull them out by just calling them when I go to Washington... Even now, I can pull them out anytime.

Our PR team's activities regarding the U.S. Congress
I am planning to open the White House when I go to Washington. That is the plan. In the future, those who want to become president... If they see me doing such things with money... they think I have money. And there are about 20 smart young people in the PR team working on Congress, and they are really impressed. If you look at these people, they are not doing it for money or their own benefit. Until now, those who have come to them have all been related to elections, asking for this and that, but we are not asking them to do anything; we are telling them that for this country, the United States, they must do it this way. This is not just for a day, but for a year, two years, and it has already been three years, and it is still the same. So these people really respect our young people.

People like the Korean Embassy's Minister Kim are believers of established churches. However, they like the Unification Church... If they want to do something related to the State Department, they have to go through congressmen and senators, and to do that officially, they need to make appointments and schedule things months in advance. So that is not easy. Who would want to meet with a minister? A Korean minister... But our kids go in the morning and meet in the evening. As soon as they wake up, they can go anytime. They come and go freely, even going into interviews. For example, when Lee Dong-won came, we introduced him to senators. When trying to meet with Congressman Hamp, you can't do it without an appointment. But while our kids were having a meeting, they went in and, since there wasn't enough time to wait, they called him out to meet.

This is how it connects. So the Korean Embassy in Washington has to owe us, so they can't dislike us. (Laughs) Because we have built this much, they have a lot of interest in me. No matter what kind of brainwashing they think we have done... Those people are normal, have theories, and have a national and global perspective, so when they compare ideologically with themselves, they realize they are nothing. Congressman Ichord came to visit me at East Garden at night. He talked for five hours and was persuaded by me. He completely turned around... (Laughs)

Even when I give a lecture at the U.S. Congress this time, the opposition actively protests, saying Reverend Moon is ruining America. Senators and representatives are all submitting petitions, coming in groups to demonstrate, causing chaos for the person in charge of that event. If this continues, they might lose their heads. That person is also tied to that. This has become the situation. They are definitely people, and doing good for this country is good...

Originally, it was supposed to be held on the 16th, but the person who was supposed to host threw a tantrum... He said he wasn't opposing it, but since there is a demonstration, what will happen? He offered to introduce someone to take his place. So it was extended by two days, and the substitute chosen was Congressman Ichord. He connects well with our kids. He came to consult with me, saying he was prepared to risk his neck. This is the kind of struggle we are having now.

Three-year education plan for activity members
If the teacher educates 30,000 people by the end of the third seven-year course, Korea will lose. What was the hardest thing for me last year? I sent out 120 people as a vanguard missionary. They were all people in key positions. I sent people with experience and years of service abroad, leaving only rookies behind. I really sweated to educate them for about six months. When the leaders went out, there was a gap, and quite a bit of chaos ensued. So I mobilized Japanese women to do stopgap work and educated 300 people over 120 days, fully deploying them.

Now, a tradition has been established. In the past, there was no education, so there was no tradition, but now it is completely... By the end of December, 300 people have gone out to pioneer evangelism, with six people in each state, and now it will grow exponentially. Therefore, once the Yankee Stadium event is over, I plan to educate and deploy 3,000 people. We are shortening the 120-day training to 40 days. We are making the training materials. That is possible. If we can establish just 3,000 places, one person can easily evangelize ten people. If one person evangelizes ten people, that will make 30,000, and then we need to educate and deploy 10,000 people. Once we exceed 10,000 and reach 100,000, then a million will not be a problem. So once we reach a million, we can reach ten million in a year.

That is the current state of American society. Young people now have nowhere to go. They all have high aspirations, looking for something in the world, but they are all discouraged. What trend has emerged these days? Reverend Moon has created such a wave that he is being idolized. They think of Reverend Moon as a hero, and a movement has started to take pictures with him. If they don't have a picture, they are being excluded from their group. It is quite interesting.

So what does this mean? In an instant... The current young people in America are bound to go through the Unification Church at some point. Since they will go through it anyway, the question is how to catch them. Therefore, we must establish at least 3,000 bases immediately. Otherwise, we cannot manage the vast America. The question is how to do that in the three-year course of 1977 and 78. Currently, our members are in 123 countries, and in four countries, they have been expelled by the communists.

If we completely lay the foundation over three years, then we will mobilize an international task force. Currently, the 1,000 members are made up of Europeans, Japanese, and Americans, so they can be mobilized at any time. They can come here and carry out activities just like they did before. They are currently in training. Once the country is ready, the UN PR teams have already opened all the paths through the foreign ministers, so we can send groups of 1,000, about three or four times, and if we do that in America, we can make a documentary film and do it on a large scale, which will completely move the prime ministers and ministers of that country. We are entering that stage. Once that happens, it will be nothing.

Plans for establishing newspapers and universities
Is there a place for us to work like this? The communists can't do it, the democratic world can't do it, and the established churches can't either. They can't keep up. Even if they try, it won't be effective. They are trying to imitate what Reverend Moon does. That has no impact.

After passing the 1970s and 80s, once the seven-year course is over, it will be possible to mobilize 10,000 task forces. We can also mobilize over 10,000 economic members. We are currently preparing for that.

To support that, we must fight against the media. To strangle the media, I need to create a newspaper. I plan to start a daily newspaper from September.

After that, we will establish a university... Eventually, the person who controls the university centered on students and the media will dominate the world. It is already like that, right? So we have no choice but to create media. We are going to create the World Daily in Japan, in New York, and in London... If we have three newspapers from one organization, we can take down the New York Times. We will write attack articles daily from London, Japan, and New York. We can also influence the American president.

With this, we will turn our missionaries in 120 countries into correspondents, create communication facilities, and establish the best communication company. That can be done with money. I will bring in all the top reporters from AP and UPI. If you give them money, they will come.

What will we do with this? We must cut off the communications of the communist world. Currently, the communist party controls all the media in the world. They occupy two-thirds of it. We must quickly take that back. That is the kind of work we need to do.

In 1978, I am planning to establish a newspaper in London and will even create a university. So I will gather all the famous professors. Most Nobel Prize winners are already connected with me. I have become famous now. I have also become well-known in academia. If I invite them, they will come, so if we establish a university and appoint Nobel Prize winners as department heads, it will become one of the best universities in America, right? We will gather the smartest geniuses in the world to educate them. Then, any disciple who goes to their home country will immediately become the head of that field. This way, we must prepare to create a global network to manage the world.

That foundation cannot be built solely with Korea. Looking at that, America is truly amusing. Ordinary passersby think that America, being composed of multiple ethnicities, will be chaotic, but that is not the case. If you ask black people whether they like white people, they will say they don't like them. They say they dislike white people. But if you ask them whether they like America, they say they like America. That is unexpected. Why? Because they believe they were at the forefront when America was founded. They think their ancestors were at the forefront. People living in America have that kind of mindset, which ordinary people do not realize. After spending a few years, I have come to understand that.

So people who have immigrated from other countries feel the same way. If they came from Germany, they might be asked if they are not German nationals and if they have no interest in America. They will say they are German citizens, but they believe that there is only one country like America in the world. They think of it as the ideal country humanity should aspire to. From an ethnic standpoint, there may be gaps between the German and Anglo-Saxon peoples, but they like America itself. That is how it is.

This is ultimately possible because of Christian thought, but when that collapses, the communists will be able to do all sorts of things. So, in the not-so-distant future, the CIA will definitely come to the Unification Church and beg us to please lead the people. Christian thought has collapsed. Billy Graham is going around talking, and the Catholic Church is saying something, but none of that works. It has already all turned into a path of failure.
My wish is only for us.
To strengthen the anti-communist front and carry out a Christian revival movement, if we establish a trans-ethnic national ideology, a thought that does not exist in the world, then what does that mean? It means we will be in a strong position. The CIA will be completely at risk before the American people. This foundation is now… So this time, we have completely reorganized our structure. The Victory Alliance organization has been set up completely differently from the association organization, and I have deployed it across 24 states. By April, we will place leaders in all 50 states. With this, centered around our church, we are planning to operate three departments: the economic activity organization, the association organization, and the Victory organization in different ways.

America is truly a vast country. There is plenty of money. The owners of that money are neither Jews nor Americans. We must become the owners in the future. Everything is blessed by God, you know. I have broken records in making money with my bare hands.

Train to be able to do global work in the future.
From now on, those responsible here will be taken to America. I plan to bring all 36 families, up to 72 families and 120 families, to America for training. It would be good for the association president to go to America and do some work if possible. Looking at it here, it seems that Wonpil and I do not completely align in our hearts, right? “That’s not true.” What do you mean it’s not true? Wonpil needs to be in Korea. Originally, the association president is the second son, and Young-hwi is the third, so in terms of form, he is American. In terms of family, Park Bo-hee is Korean, Colonel Han is Japanese, and Han In-soo is American. That’s how it looks in terms of form. Therefore, if the country becomes established, he must also go as the ambassador to the United States. If the country listens to my words, Colonel Han will go to Japan and become the ambassador there, and Han In-soo will go to the United States and become the ambassador there. That’s the training I plan to provide. I’m serious about this. That’s why we need to establish Wonpil well here and prepare so that we can be completely united. Otherwise, it won’t be good. Our principle is like that. The fact that I am currently with Bo-hee…

So, we never know when such things might happen, but we must leave something behind. We must leave something behind when we go abroad as Koreans. We cannot leave without leaving something behind. If we don’t, we won’t have a face to return. If the teacher has done something wrong, would there be a face to return to Korea? Then you all would raise flags in opposition and say you don’t want it. Isn’t that right?

You all want the teacher to return, right? When I leave, you feel sad, and when I return, you feel glad, so everything is connected. You are the same. Therefore, while you are here, before going abroad, you must leave something behind. Only by leaving something behind can you return on that condition. There must be conditions for that reverence. Otherwise, you cannot go beyond that. So prepare yourselves.

This time, I sent a tour company to six continents, and they will have a hard time. If you want to learn English, it means you will be looked down upon for about three years, crying while looking up at the sky. The fastest way is to go to the local area and face it. Therefore, for about three years, everyone must be trained. If you don’t train, it will be really difficult in the future. Even if I send you on errands to do various global tasks, if we lay the foundation in 120 countries, the 120 families representing those countries must all go there and either play the role of ambassadors or do something. They must play a leading role in that country. To do such things, they need training beyond that of diplomats. In terms of knowledge, if you haven’t graduated from university, you must prepare to establish your reputation through self-study. However, if you still lack qualifications, you cannot do it.

If a younger brother does well in public work, he should know how to treat his older brother.
Among the 72 families, how many are currently involved in church work? You said there are only about ten, right? “Yes.” How many are there among the 120 families? “Not many.” In about three years, we will establish bank branches in the countries we need. We must prepare that now. What surprised the Americans is… I have taken over the New York Symphony Orchestra. No one knows about it now. I will do it big. Also, I will create a global bank and somehow establish a bank that is on par with Chase Manhattan Bank or Bank of America in the coming years. They probably can’t even dream of that now. So don’t worry, you all. In the past, we ran around barefoot, but now it is time to run barefoot without shoes. If you fall, get sick, or break your leg, I will give you a better leg… That can happen. Now there is no worry.

Now, even if I run in all directions, even if the world collapses, I am not worried. Even if I run in all directions, there is nothing to catch me. The more we do, the more it adds to us. The more problems arise, the more it adds to us; it does not subtract. Look. Heaven has been looking forward to this moment, so if I have laid this much foundation, cooperation will naturally follow. If the principle does not cooperate, heaven will perish. What kind of heaven is that? Is heaven always making humanity suffer and letting the chosen people be despised? It was because there was no standard that they could not do so.

Now look. “Oh, when did things get this way?” That time will come. The country must be recreated. America is the same. America will also focus on the Ministry of National Defense… This time, I tried to create a General Association and hold meetings centered around the 16 countries that participated in the Korean War, but it was disbanded due to opposition. But I will do it again. I will bring forth Americans and generals… Do you believe what the teacher says? “Yes.” If you don’t believe it, come and see.

How many Americans are there? They are better than you all. Those who boasted of America’s authority as a leading nation in the world and the pride of the American people have now lost their grip and said, “Oh, it’s despair!” But in front of our intentions, they have now gained a belief beyond that. Seeing that, they felt, “Wow, America must stand in front of our intentions.” Everyone is solidly united. You are far away. When you think of America, you say, “Oh, it’s a big country.” But they feel close. So when it comes to whether to use you or them, it is faster to use them. They are quick in every aspect.

They also studied like that. They prepared for exams by setting titles with about 20 books and writing papers, so they extract the main points well. Because of that kind of study, when they are given a principle book, they can extract all the main points in a week. You cannot compete with that. You absolutely cannot compete. They have that kind of education. They were lectured in less than two months, and they are doing so well… They have received education that establishes a system centered around their own perspectives, so they have been educated to establish new perspectives in a thesis format, which makes them quick. Therefore, Asians cannot compete. They are confident about that…

Even if you want to return to your country, in the current unfree environment of the Republic of Korea, when will you break through Japan and the world? This is like a daughter-in-law in a hierarchical position. They are not like that, are they? They are looking at the world from the very top. America said this is a big deal, but now if we light a fire here, it can become splendid. Even if we run for 24 hours, we are determined not to get tired, so if we light a fire, there is nothing to fear in the world. Therefore, we have no choice but to mobilize American youth.

Now I am ready to go into the fire with cotton. Why? Because everything I have done so far has worked out. Even if I make a paste with red beans, they will believe it. I have laid that foundation until now. Missionaries went and fought, dividing into east, west, south, and north. The church members from the west couldn’t even enter the church when they came to the east. After making it like that, how can they fulfill God’s will? They should not do that. They should not try to fulfill the will with their own greed… That will never fulfill heaven’s will.

In the future, when you go to America, you must work with Americans.
I will have you do fundraising and evangelism activities. That’s how you will understand America. When you come to America, the 36 families will just be treated, making phone calls, sitting around asking for a car from Neil, and using the car they are working on, but that won’t do. When you come to America, you must cooperate with the American system. You must give benefits to America; you cannot be a hindrance to work. There have been many hindrances to work. Until now, I couldn’t do it, and the Koreans suffered because of that, but from this year, it must be reversed. The younger brother must treat the older brothers… In work, you should take those who work well as older brothers, and no matter how much they are younger brothers, if they do public work well, they should know how to treat them as older brothers. That’s how I see it. That’s the principle. From now on, when you come to America, you must go out on the streets and… let’s see if we can establish the dignity of the 36 families.

When the Japanese girls and people first came to America, they couldn’t even speak, but the first day’s quota was $100. “Since the teacher established this tradition firmly, you all break through from here. Even though you can’t speak and are in a strange foreign land, do it.” I pushed them like that. Because of that, the American youth couldn’t move. These kids, they are big in stature, with big eyes, noses, ears, and hands; why is that? You can speak and know the customs of your country, right? The Japanese couldn’t speak and were like mute beggars, but they did $100; can’t you kids do it? They say they can’t speak… So Neil was so frustrated… When the teacher scolded them, they wondered how the Japanese could do it… (laughs) And they lost in the competitions every time. Now it has changed. They are working so hard. They made it so that it would be a condition. They did it like that.

Anyone who enters the Unification Church must engage in economic activities.
You are the same. The 36 families have been rumored to be studying English during this time; they must have done a lot… (laughs) You must be better than the Japanese. You must be. If you can’t do it, I won’t take you at all. This time, I created a recognition system. Anyone who continues to make $3,000 for six months is rated first. That’s just the net profit. After deducting all expenses like gas, repair costs, meal costs, etc., anyone who continues to make more than $3,000 in net profit for six months is rated first. That’s something anyone can do. That’s rated as first. The economic activity standard is not $3,000 but $12,000. The goal is to surpass $12,000. Therefore, $3,000 is the beginner level. Then, if you make $4,000 for six months, that’s second level; if you make $5,000, that’s third level. $6,000, $7,000, $8,000, $9,000, $10,000, $11,000, $12,000, I have created ten levels like this. Right now, the record is $13,750 a month. That’s a dreamlike story. A university professor earns $10,000 a year, and one of our family members who is a university professor is currently earning $1,200 a month. In the position of a servant. Do you understand what I mean? They are making in one month what they would earn in a year. That’s how we can consume the satanic world. If they earn in one month what they would earn in a year, how can they not be consumed? That’s the game we are playing. Since we have set up that recognition system, it’s quite good.

And for evangelism, you must evangelize twelve people to be rated first. Then 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100, 110, 120, and so on, I have set it up in stages so that you can evangelize starting from twelve people and be recognized. If you reach first level, you get a special medal. If you engage in economic activities and make $3,000 for six months, and then do it for another six months, you will receive two awards. That’s how it works… Therefore, having made $3,000 and being recognized as a one-star economic member is not something to boast about. It’s more of a boast to have one two-star award instead. So, you will be motivated to work hard in the future. I have come back after preparing everything for the recognition.

Then how do we determine this here? We will set it based on what was determined in America, considering the dollar exchange rate or GNP, that is, the national income ratio, and convert it accordingly. If we take $3,000 and divide it by six, how much is that? $500. You must earn $500 a month. $500 means, 5 times 6 equals 30, which is 300,000 won, so you must earn 10,000 won a day. That’s how it will be. We will notify the entire world about this and hold the awards. Well, the situation in Korea is different from that in America… Since it is different from America, if we do it proportionally, isn’t it the same? If we base it on GNP, it will be the same. Japan is Japan, Germany is Germany, Africa is Africa; if the whole world evaluates based on the personal income of their own country, it will be the same. We have institutionalized that and returned. A formal document will come.

Anyone who enters the Unification Church must engage in economic activities. It’s official. Why must it be like that? Because when God created, He created all things first, so we, who are going on the path of re-creation in the age of blessing, must play a leading role in the creation of all things. That’s the principle. What comes next? It’s evangelism. It’s about creating people. By uniting those two, we can digest and lead, and when we stand in a subjective position, we become the sons of God. That’s the principle. Do you understand? The providence of salvation is the providence of restoration, and the providence of restoration is a history of indemnity, but the history of indemnity must go through the history of re-creation. To carry out the history of re-creation, I must…

Since God has corrupted everything He created, to restore it, we must re-create all things that God has made, find the lost sons of God, and then subjugate the archangel Satan. That’s the principle. Therefore, everyone must engage in economic activities. That’s how the official is set. So there’s no room for complaints. You all, here in Korea, some do… some don’t… There is none of that. It’s official. Once you enter, everyone must engage in economic activities for a year to a year and a half. Depending on the circumstances, it can be extended to two years.

So you must become a top performer in economic activities. Otherwise, you will end up as a beggar in the satanic world. We must train to be able to live alone as women and to live alone as men.
What we must do for re-creation.
Next, you must evangelize wherever you go. To evangelize, you must engage in diplomacy. You cannot do it without diplomatic skills. A responsible person must have persuasive power. To engage in diplomacy, to melt down the satanic world, you must have diplomatic finesse, persuasive power, and a theoretical framework. Only then can you become a responsible person who can subjugate the satanic world. That’s how it works. To become a responsible person, you must be able to solve economic issues, solve diplomatic issues, and then have persuasive power. To lead the masses, you must be able to speak. 

The purpose of diplomacy is to connect with the leading figures of that country. That’s what we must do in the Unification Church. Therefore, I will go to America.
You are trying to hold onto Nixon and ride to the top of the Senate and House of Representatives, not wanting to fall to the ground like a trivial thing. So, you persuade them. I made money. I created people... It's the same. Until the 1970s, the Unification Church was in a time of restoring the angelic world, so it wasn't the time to touch money. Therefore, we absolutely did not touch money, and we played the game of creating an environment where this nation could connect with the entire spirit world. After that, we made money based on that. From 1970, I created this much wealth over five years. Right? Then what do we do next? After creating that, we need to create people. Since there was no church to create people, I built churches.

In making people, I brought people in, brought in the International Task Force, and taught them, "Do it this way. If you do it this way, it will work. When the wind blows, heaven will be with you." First, the association president should step forward and blow the trumpet. Since the whole country is a stage for the association, wherever I go, I need to create a wind. As I went, I told them to hold revival meetings, but it seems they weren't doing that. The International Task Force came to do a good job of groundwork for the Day of Hope, so we need to create a wind and go back up.

Next, we need to do interdenominational work. This time, more than 100 million won has been allocated for interdenominational work. How much is that? "100 million." Is it only 100 million? In that sense, it was set more than any other department of the association. From now on, interdenominational work will be possible. It will definitely happen. Have the guts to push forward. If you push forward with authority here, they will fall. They will become somehow intimidated. That's when we transition.

Understanding this, we feed money into the recreation, and then we bring in the archangel. We place material and bring in the archangel. We are playing the game of the archangel. We are playing the game of recreation. Money is essential for this. So, until now in America... The Bible says not to serve both God and money. But why has God blessed America, the Christian nation of the world, with material wealth? It is to fulfill the purpose of recreation.

After creating material, we have set the conditions to bring in the archangel. Therefore, I must move all of America's wealth. There is no owner. I must move all of America's material. Those who need money will all follow the material. The world now is a materialistic world driven by material. Money, the golden rule. If I have money, I can attract people from all over the world at will. Isn't that right? 

It's easier than what Jacob did, as long as there is money. Even the president of a country can be restored in an instant. There must be vast material resources in front of me. Because of that time, I need to make money. I must earn money more tenaciously than Americans. I will establish a tradition and gather all American money. Because I am dedicating all my wealth, even my life, to do heavenly work, young people who inherit that tradition are all coming out like that. How can the old folks not listen to this? I am creating that tradition now. That's all the principle of recreation.

Plans for the establishment of several international organizations. Americans ask if Reverend Moon is engaging in politics. "You kids, your thoughts are different. What is politics? Politics is like the body, and religion is like the heart, so the religious leader centered on the heart must educate the political leader who is like the body. I was trying to educate Nixon. Senators and representatives must be educated. Listen to me." It fits perfectly. This time, I met with the legislators. This is the second time I met them, and they talked about politics and so on, so I told them not to speak. The politics viewed from a democratic perspective and the politics viewed from heaven's perspective are different.

When I asked, "Is your heart the subject or is your body the subject?" they answered that the heart is the subject. So, "Religion is about creating a world of the heart, and politics is about creating a world of the body. The body world, representing the material world, takes the form of a nation, but we must create a form of nation centered on the religious world and the world of heart. This way, the world centered on the heart must teach the direction of the body-centered world. Therefore, I feel such global responsibility from the position of a religious leader, which is why I tried to coach Nixon and the senators and representatives. Is that wrong?" I confronted them. They seemed to see it that way... The theory is solid.

Historically, I criticized everything. The emergence of the medieval feudal society and the emergence of the dictatorial society were originally to fulfill the responsibility of connecting with heaven's providence, but because they stood against even the Protestant faith, communism emerged due to the Enlightenment thought, and I explained that all of this is wrong, criticizing the current position of America.

Thus, they became completely trapped theoretically. Did they have any choice but to listen to me? I am planning to catch them and make them serve. They are unaware of what I am doing. They thought it was just a casual meeting, but I set the net in advance.

From now on, I must make Korea be promoted. I will create a news agency that surpasses the AP (Associated Press), and I will bring that person in as the chief editor. That can be done. If I use such a person as a columnist, all 950 news agencies in the world... You see, the invisible senators and representatives, even the president of the United States is afraid of that. Only I am not afraid. It's interesting.

I have a plan, so I have thoroughly investigated America. I am spending money to investigate not only senators and representatives but also the UN General Assembly. I had already prepared a manuscript to submit to the New York Times about the dissolution of the UN three years ago, and I had even set a date for publication, but if I did that, our missionaries in third countries would be in trouble. In third countries, especially in Africa, they would say that the Unification Church, which tried to dissolve the UN, should be expelled, so I couldn't do it. That's why I couldn't do it. I had everything ready, including the typesetting, and I had to hold it off. The UN must be dissolved.

From now on, the plan of the Teacher is this. This time, what I created is the "World Religious Freedom Defense Association." The opposition the Unification Church faces is purely a matter of religious freedom. These kids, while claiming religious freedom... Don't journalists abuse the freedom of the press? They are pushing this way. They are trying to satirize the American people. Regarding freedom of the press and religious freedom, they are attacking it as a country scarier than a dictatorial state.

They create problems and ask why this is happening, saying it is discrimination... Hitler discriminated against the Jewish people and advocated German supremacy, and if that is dictatorship, isn't America the same? They confront me, asking why they oppose Reverend Moon. That's why I created the Religious Freedom Defense Association.

What will I create next? This time, what I instructed to register with the central government is this: foreigners, there are many foreigners in the Republic of Korea, right? I will create an organization called the "World National Residents Association," centered around those people. Those who face opposition in that country will all join if I create this. Once they join, it will become a vast number. If someone has German ancestry in America, they will be called German. Then those people can also join. Then all Jews will also join. So what do we want to do?

If that happens, it will naturally become an international organization. Those who have gone out as diplomats or have settled there will all... And if their country cannot protect their people in the world, on the day this happens, we can create a single sovereignty in the world. A super-national world will unfold. If we do this and proclaim ideals, we can achieve complete unity. I will create such an association. Then I will create a World Korean Association. This has been planned for three years already. Since the Korean residents in Japan are the largest, I will lead the Osaka Korean Residents Association and then the Tokyo Korean Residents Association, taking the two smartest and most dedicated people and completely turning it around. I am promoting that. Then I will gather Koreans from several countries around the world and unite them. That will all come into our association. Do you understand what I mean? If that happens, the UN will naturally be established.

Then we will expel the UN. From this year, we must start the expulsion movement. Those who have made a foothold abroad are all people from advanced countries. They are all intelligent and have different thoughts. There are no people from underdeveloped countries. Anyway, those who cannot speak are from third countries. They are all sitting there, peeing in their pants. Those guys come and act like they are member states of the UN. This must be fundamentally dismantled. To do that, we need to set an alternative. We need to set an alternative and push forward. So, our Unification Church must become the hands and feet to create bridges for cooperation among all nations around the world, establishing a super-national global foundation. If we create an organization like the UN, it will not take the form of the UN but will be a national form that transcends the five oceans and six continents, and with a new economic foundation, we can completely overturn not only America but also the Soviet Union.

Responsibilities of the home country members. So where can we gather the money to do that? It won't work with Korea or Japan. It must be America. To make the world one, we must do that. I am now gathering all the professors, and among the professors, there are people who are close to the prime ministers of each country, so I will create a prominent person association centered around them, and if we also create a political association, we can completely gather them all in one place.

This time, there were all sorts of people protesting against me in New York, and the Daily News published our article in a series for five days on page four. If the leading newspaper did that, it is an explosive event in the media. It wasn't even like that during Nixon's time. I am now a problem. From now on, we will take the offensive. When the time of heaven comes, not just America but the whole world will be gathered before heaven.

This time, our church was bombed in France. In the democratic world, there are the US, UK, and France, but we were hit in the archangel world. From that perspective, being bombed was a good thing. I have gained the conditions to attack that country. The fact that our church was bombed by the satanic world is a global event, so I have gained the conditions to bomb that country. I am grateful for that. I thought I would do something big, and it turned out well.

Looking at it this way, God is now fully preparing to elevate our Unification Church, but how can you all take responsibility without being emotionally and environmentally prepared for that here in the homeland? Do you always want to live off the Teacher?

In Korea, within three years, we must make it so that the entire nation can say that our path is the Unification Church. We must make it so that the people and the nation can do that. That is your responsibility. I have taken on the responsibilities that Jesus could not fulfill here. Now, you must fulfill the responsibilities that Jesus' disciples could not fulfill before the nation and the people, and lay the foundation so that the nation and the people can finally connect to receive blessings before heaven. Do you understand what I mean? That must be done.

Create a national wind. If you can't do this, I can bring people to evangelize for you. Do I have to do everything for you? You just need to open the way, right? Just as God only needs to open the way, isn't it the same for the Teacher to open the way from the position of a parent? If a highway has been created, you must run on it yourself. That must be done now, in unity. Do you understand, association president? "Yes." If you have even a penny, spend it for the association, and let families suffer for the association and the nation... That's my thought. If you raise salaries, you should proportionally raise the work too. Don't you think so? Association president! "Yes." If you raise salaries, work should also be raised.

So create a wind. I'm telling you to do what I was doing. Continue with events like the Great Feast of Hope. Expand what you were doing at the national standard, the ethical standard, to the military standard, the village standard. Keep doing that. The district leaders must do that. Don't do other schemes. After doing that... That is your way of survival. Do you understand what I mean? After I go to America, I will do that.

I didn't fail because I know the timing. This is the first time I have appeared in public in the Republic of Korea, right? I finally made my debut at the banquet on January 16 last year. I made my debut in front of those who were born, and I made my debut in front of the people. I am also making my debut in front of Kim Il-sung. I have fulfilled all my responsibilities to this country. Who made it possible for the Japanese Chongryon to come and go? Our contributions are significant. This country should be grateful for that.

I am the first to educate the youth of the five northern provinces of that country, and I never even thought about it? I was surprised to hear that. The Ministry of Interior said that? These guys, if you see that, they are out of their minds. I have been in a position of opposition until now... The Ministry of Interior and the Intelligence Agency have been following me around trying to catch us, right? The enemy has all become our allies. (Laughter) The world is changing. The principle cannot be denied.

What time is it? How many district leaders are there? "There are nine." Nine? What will we do today? Shall we go to the mountain? Like Gwanak Mountain or something. Shall we eat and then go to the mountain, or shall we play yut here? "Let's go to the mountain." Go to the mountain? "Isn't it traditional to play yut on New Year's Day?" Really? Is today New Year's Day? Since it's New Year's Day, you must want to bow. The New Year's bows are all done now. (Laughter)

At the next meeting, the husbands of families should stand in front, and the wives should stand behind them, so they can go in a line. It would be nice to stand next to each other in a line, but... Stand the husbands in front and the wives like this behind. And when the Teacher is not there, the association president should lead everything. Until now, it has been chaotic, and no one knows who did what, but the association president must take responsibility and lead everything in place of the Teacher. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Even if Teacher Choi is there, the association president must lead. Do you understand? In official matters... Until now, Teacher Choi has been at the forefront on the world stage, but that era is passing. The third seven-year course is not that time. It is the era of completion, so the mother must take full responsibility. Until now, she has been at the forefront, but now she must step back. Are the grandmothers here? That is the time. The path the Teacher is taking is to establish the principle. We have the responsibility to establish the world of principles, so we must establish the principles. We must practice all of that and go forward in a principled manner.
It's not something you can just say carelessly, the word "mother," actually. You call Mr. Choi "mother," and you call everyone "mother," but that's not it. From now on, you should call Mr. Choi "Mr. Choi." There will come a time for that. Until now, we have been ahead of our babies, but from now on, our babies will all go first... That's why I brought Kwon Jin today.

Why are you coming out again? (Mr. Jeong Seok-on steps forward) "Yes? I have to come out because I miss you, Father. What can I do?" Well, you can see from the back. "I can't stand missing you so much; I have to come out." (Laughter) "Where should we see each other? Should we go into the hall?" (Laughter) "If I bow to you, you have to give me New Year's money, right?" (Laughter) Are you coming to bow? Huh? "No, if I bow, I have to get money." If the kids bow to their dad... (Laughter) Is this a bow? "Of course." (Laughter)

You need money. "Now give me money." (Laughter) Oh, we decided not to give money anymore, so what? "No, if the kids bow to their father, they have to get money, how can that be?" (Laughter) Rather than receiving money, we should eat the New Year's meal first; we haven't even eaten yet, why would we give money first? "Oh dear, where did Mother go?" "Will she give me money if I bow to her?" (Laughter) She went down to the lower room. "Shall we go in?" Then, to receive New Year's money, you have to go in. (Laughter) That grandmother is passing through safely. (Laughter) Now, let's eat and share some rice cakes, okay? Huh?

*
10)
Unification and Heaven
<Prayer> Beloved Father, today is February 1, 1976, and it is the first Sabbath of this month. On this morning, as we welcome the new month after spending a month in the new year, I once again feel how serious and significant our historical mission is in 1976, and I vow to dedicate everything before You.

At this time, in America, centered around East Garden, Belleview, Barrytown, and New York, may all the family members across the nation and the children of Unification scattered around the world gather their hearts towards this place, looking up to heaven, and may Your infinite love and mercy be with them wherever they are.

Father, I thank You for allowing us to meet Your children back in the homeland. Every time we meet like this, may it be an opportunity to deeply experience the connection of Your high and precious heart, and may there be a change in each of our hearts that further affirms the painful mission of restoration that You left behind.

Father, may this month of February also be a month where we dedicate everything within Your will and become a month that contributes to the fulfillment of Your desires, leaving behind a memorable occasion that can establish at least one condition to be praised before You.

The significant changes in Asia and all the new historical events flowing in 1976, February 1 (Sun), at the headquarters church.

We are aware that what we are responsible for this year is centered around what we must do, so please allow us to form an axis centered on Korea, Japan, and the United States to influence the world. We feel that a significant period of change is approaching until April of this year, so Father, please bless us, and we earnestly hope that everything will go smoothly as You wish.

Father, this Korea stands in a lonely position surrounded by enemies on all sides. We know that this country's fate cannot rely on anyone. When You are present here, no matter how difficult everything is, we can overcome it, but when You are not with us, no matter how much we cry out and struggle, we cannot escape, and this Korean people are like orphans, so please remember us.

Looking towards the hope of tomorrow's heaven, we must become a nation that can overcome today's difficulties. Moreover, our Unification Church has been a group that has claimed to provide direction to this nation and to practice for the nation in secret, so we hope that we can first become a wake-up call before this nation and a new stimulus, becoming a new standard and guide towards tomorrow's hopeful heaven.

In that sense, we feel that our future responsibilities are even more significant. The children scattered throughout South Korea must unite as one body, equipped with a strong heart before the mission left behind, and with the heart of heaven, we earnestly request that they become heavenly warriors who pledge to advance before Your will.

Father, we already know that the path to embrace tomorrow's hopeful heaven and realize it within our living sphere is busy and difficult. We earnestly hope and wish that we may not retreat but become Your children who pledge to advance forward.

Please be with us wherever we gather in Your name today, and we earnestly ask that You allow us to have this time under Your protection this morning. I pray all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen.

<Words> You all know that this year's slogan is "The Realization of Heaven through Children." Since what I spoke on the first day of January was about that, I believe you are aware of it.

What is our purpose? What is the goal that the Unification Church aims for? It is the realization of heaven. The goal of all members of the Unification Church is to establish heaven on earth. When we talk about heaven, we must understand what a concrete heaven is, not an abstract one. How is heaven related to me? Centered on me, there is my family, and centered on my family, there is my tribe, and then there is my nation. We must understand how that nation is connected to the world.

We, the members of the Unification Church, know that there is a world and a spiritual realm. Then, what is the relationship between the spiritual realm and heaven? If heaven is realized on earth and heaven is completed in the spiritual realm, what happens next? It does not end there; we must understand what relationship we have with God. This is an extremely important issue for those who seek to establish heaven. In other words, it becomes the content that must be achieved. Without a clear understanding of that content, we cannot practice it in reality, so we must know it.

What is an important standard in establishing heaven? What is a factor that can realize heaven? It is unity. Without going through the principle of unity, heaven cannot be realized. This is how it works. Heaven is established only in unity. All the conditions that people desire today, whether it be peace or happiness, are achieved through unity. As we know, where the body and mind are not united, no matter how much I try to be happy, I cannot be happy. No matter how much I try to maintain the standard of peace, I cannot maintain it. Therefore, we must understand that unity is of utmost importance here.

We must carry out a movement to align the standard of God's heart and the standard of human conscience.

From a broader perspective... When we look at the question of what religion has come out for today, I see that religion has come to take responsibility for making ununited humans into one before the historical human world. So, what does religion advocate? What should religion advocate? It must make individuals one. To make one, the mind and body must be united. However, until now, the direction of human minds has differed according to the thoughts or ideas held by individuals. A scholar who dedicates his life to studying his field has a direction of mind towards that field, whether it be academics or something else, and he tries to align his body with that. Then, what should be the standard for the highest heaven that humans desire centered on God? It must be an unchanging standard of heart.

No matter how history develops and changes, it is necessary to have an unchanging standard of heart that does not develop or change, and no matter how rapidly the environment changes and the times evolve, we must have an absolute standard of heart that is always unchanging.

That standard of heart is not my own standard of heart. It must be a common standard of heart for humanity. Furthermore, if there is an absolute being who created heaven and earth, it must be able to relate to and unite with the standard of that absolute being's heart. From that perspective, we must establish a subjective standard of conscience.

Therefore, religion must carry out the task of aligning our conscience standards centered on God. If there is a God, my conscience standard must not change before that God. Thus, how to establish an absolute, unchanging standard of heart before the absolute God is an important standard that religion must present.

If this is distorted, and if it changes according to the times or one's circumstances, it means that it has not fulfilled its mission as a religion that must accomplish God's will. In that sense, aligning the absolute God with our conscience standards is the mission of religion that has gone through the historical process of human society.

God is also a personal being, so He has desires. Moreover, when viewed in relation to humans, God, being a God of love, must have feelings within His heart. Those feelings are seen as absolute feelings. When viewed from the center of that feeling, it cannot change even if human history changes. That standard of emotional criteria, the standard of heart, does not change from eternity to eternity.

Then, the most important issue is to establish a standard of unity centered on that standard of heart. When we align with the standard of heart, our lives will naturally become one, our circumstances will resonate, and our purposes or hopes can be achieved according to where that heart can rejoice. Therefore, the issue is how believers today can align with the standard of heart of that personal God.

A place where both God and humans can rejoice

The mind and heart are different. The mind must be completely organized around an emotional standard of heart. Then, centered on God as the subject, I must be able to go to a place where God can rejoice and where I can rejoice. This leads to the conclusion that such a personality must be formed.

Then, if we look at the human position without God, centered on the human conscience standard, what kind of person should humans be? They must be emotional beings. They must be people of love. What kind of love should they have? They must have love that represents God. In other words, although all things were created by God, if humans take charge of all things, then all things hope that humans will govern them with the heart of God. This is what all things themselves demand. It cannot be otherwise.

For all things created by the absolute Creator, the purpose is to receive the Creator's love and to become one with the Creator, so if humans are to stand in a position to govern all things today, they must stand in a position that represents God's heart. When we face all things from that position, we can connect with them; however, if the standard of heart does not align with God, even if it is connected, there will be conflicting factors deep within the heart, leading to unhappiness, or there will be no happiness, peace, or joy.

Therefore, we must become such people aligned with God, and as representatives of God's love, we must expand and establish horizontal relationships with the world of all things or this world. This is what religious people must do. This must be established in life. This must be realized in life.

To do this, you must establish relationships with others while representing God's heart. If it is an individual, you will establish relationships with individuals. When you enter a family, there will be parents, and the emotional connection with those parents is the same. The same goes for the relationship between husband and wife. In the unity of love between the two, the fundamental source of that unifying love should not be love based solely on the man and woman themselves, detached from God and everything else, but must be based on a higher, divine, emotional love.

When men and women, united in love centered on that foundation, become one, that love is centered on God's heart, and thus it connects with God's desire for the great happiness of humanity and the peace of the entire world. Only then can God rejoice.

God's heart becomes the motivation, and there must be a standard of heart through which God's desires can be fulfilled. When a couple becomes one within that realm, they will live within the realm where cause and effect are aligned. As a result, that love, if the love between men and women is horizontal love, then the love centered on God becomes vertical love, and this creates oneness.

In other words, the horizontal love and vertical love form a cross, and only through that central realm can we walk the path that can make God rejoice and that can make men and women rejoice. This is how we should live. A family united in heart centered around such love is the family that God desires.

What is God's purpose of creation? The Unification Church concludes it. What is the purpose of creation? In other words, what is the ideal of creation? The ideal of creation is to fulfill the purpose of creation. What is the concrete fulfillment of the purpose of creation? It is not vague. If I speak directly about the direct issue for me, it is the complete unity of a perfected man and a perfected woman centered on God's love—not centered on human love—completely united. It is oneness. Not only when we are young but throughout our lives, we must become one eternally.

In this way, becoming a couple who can finally fulfill God's good love within the realm of God's love, they become good parents. From the position of good parents, they must give birth to good sons and daughters within God's love... Not human love, but good sons and daughters born within the realm of God's love, who can fulfill their potential, meaning they must be able to inherit the perfected love of their parents. This is seen as the ideal of the family centered on the individual that God created. This is a model.
So, what is the ideal of creation according to our Unification Church? It is to fulfill the purpose of creation! What is the purpose of creation? Specifically, it is to complete the ideal family! This is the conclusion we are drawing. It is not vague. It is about fulfilling the ideal family centered on God's love.

Then, what is the ideal family? It is true children, true couples, and true parents... When we look at it this way, the ideal family is centered around God, with Adam, Eve, and their children. This is what the ideal family is. The conclusion is clear.

What happens when the ideal family is completed? The three great purposes are fulfilled. You may have learned the principles and know them, but what are the three great purposes? When we center on God, there is a path of love leading to Adam. Then there is a path of love leading to Eve. And there is a path of love leading to the children. This love ultimately bears fruit as children.

Therefore, what are children? Children are the fruit of the love of their parents, that is, their mother and father, and then the fruit of God's love. To have true children means that I have come to a position where I can face the love of the entire universe.

Now, if we analyze the love for children, what do we find? It includes the love of the mother, the love of the father, and the love of God. No human can move this, so we can conclude that the relationship between parents and children cannot change even in the fallen world.

This love always expands in all directions, but this longitudinal principle must remain unchanged for thousands and tens of thousands of years. Thus, when descendants born within that realm establish a nation, that becomes heaven, and when they establish a world, that world becomes the heavenly world on earth.

After living in such a heavenly world on earth, those who enter the spiritual world while living within such a realm of love can go anywhere without restriction and can transcend time and space. We in the Unification Church see this as the heavenly kingdom. It is not just something we see; we know it. Do you understand? This is the essence of the principle.

The Human Dilemma

So, what is the very first problem? We must find the starting point of the problem. Where is the starting point of the problem? First, when we analyze heaven, where is heaven? Heaven does not exist in today's fallen world. There must have been heaven in the pre-fallen world. Wouldn't that be the case? However, since the fall, heaven has not yet been realized. Now, it is merely the realm of the fallen, a process of moving toward heaven and longing for it. Here, the content of heaven cannot be included.

The history of individuals is the history of the fall, the history of families is the history of the fall, and the history of tribes, nations, and the world is the history of the fall. Therefore, in this earthly world, in today's fallen world, the ideal of heaven cannot exist.

If humans had not fallen, they would have lived in heaven and would have been able to adapt 100% to all the living conditions of heaven. But because we are in a fallen world, we are going this way, while our conscience is going the opposite way. It is upside down. If there were a compass, it should be going in this direction and should unite from that side, but it is not. Our hearts and bodies are like a compass that is upside down, with north and south flipped, so they are completely opposed. The plus and minus are completely reversed. Do you understand what I mean?

When we delve into this fundamental problem, we must ask why the human body and mind are in conflict. If there is an absolute God, that God must have one idea. It must have one thought. Then, if humans, who are the result of that cause, are indeed created by that one thought of God, they should also align with that one thought. Yet, we have become contradictory humans.

This is why dialectics like Hegel's have formed when looking only at humans. No matter how you look at it, it is a contradiction. If you do not understand the fall, you cannot help but conclude that way. Because of the fall, the directions of plus and minus are reversed. Therefore, the heart wants to go toward God, but the body is upside down. Hence, there is a conflict here.

The Reason Religion Denies the Body

Thus, as we delve deeper into the world of virtue or religion, the difficulties come in opposition. Until we completely escape all the desires of our bodies, the counter-reactions will occur. That is why religion tells us to forcibly break down the body. This is the problem. It is seen as a hope to create a zero point body. This logic holds. Therefore, from an absolute standpoint, the complete denial of the physical body is where the origin of true religion can be established.

Today, blindly believing that one will go to heaven just by having faith is a delusional belief... If it were possible to go to heaven by believing like that, God would not have created human history in this way until now. There is an official path that humanity must take. If something is broken, it must be repaired according to the original blueprint from when it was created, in other words, from when it came out of the factory. It must be reassembled according to that design.

Repairing is harder than the initial creation, isn't it? Yes, repairing is more difficult. What does that mean? It means that it is harder than what God originally created. We did not realize that this is the path to human completion. We did not know that we have become broken humans, which is more difficult than when God created us.

Why has human history continued to this day? It is because we must find a path to completion that is harder than the one God created, but that path has not emerged because there is no one to align with it. Thus, we can conclude that history could not be resolved.

True religion turns the human world upside down. So, fast... Everyone, do you like fasting? Raise your hand if you like fasting! In the Unification Church, we say to suffer, to suffer... It feels like when you join the Unification Church, you are made to suffer as if you are working hard to earn a doctorate. When you join, you are made to suffer.

Why is that? You see, when a snake wants to shed its skin, does it just shed it as it is? If its head cannot fit through a crack in a rock, it must enter with its tail and turn around. (Gesturing) It is the same. It must shed its skin.

The Issue of How to Complete Self-Subjectivity

Look. Human history has been thousands, tens of thousands of years, if you look at it as cultural history. However, the life of the flesh is chronic. This body is a corporation of worldly sins. That is true. Therefore, you must equalize your bodies and conquer them, becoming an absolutely obedient body that never protests in your heart, and you must declare that to the universe, which requires a historical revolution.

Today, we humans have not yet escaped the realm of the fall. How can we escape it? We must offer the same effort and merit that God exerted when creating Adam and Eve. Without doing that, we cannot escape the realm of the fall. Why? Simply put, it is harder to fix something broken than it was to create it in the first place. Isn’t that right? It would have been better if it had never been made... When you look at yourselves, what can I say? It is a chronic pain. It is a disaster. It is like a fortress that wraps around the heart. That is what I am. That is what I possess. They all think they are something special.

Then how do we escape the standards that have been opened due to the external realm of the fall? In other words, when will we receive complete liberation? There is the individual, the family, the tribe, the nation, the world, and heaven and earth. We must leap over all of these at once. The term leap arises here. Issues like overcoming situations in existential philosophy are all here... I do not know why it must be that way. If we can overcome that, why can’t we go to a place where such overcoming is unnecessary? These issues are philosophically emerging.

It cannot be vague. Because we have fallen, we need factors for overcoming. Do you understand what I mean? That is why a person like the teacher established the slogan, "Complete self-subjectivity before looking at the universe's perspective and the perspective of heaven." This was the slogan of the teacher's lifetime. It is not a matter of ruling the world or governing the world. How do we complete self-subjectivity? This is the absolute goal of training, the responsibility that religions representing history must aim for, and it is an important responsibility entrusted to me today, yet we have forgotten that responsibility.

Some people say, "Oh, I attend a Presbyterian church, and our church is the biggest." Do not speak such dreamlike words. "Oh, our country is big, so there are wonderful people here." Such dreamlike talk does not work. No matter how big it is, it does not matter. No matter how good the past was, today I am the problem.

Even if I became the number one citizen, can there be any leniency in these official principles? No matter how much I am a member of a large denomination or the son of a pastor, there can be no leniency here. There is not even the slightest leniency. Here, there is equality among all people. Therefore, before you and I, there lies a common path of destiny that we must overcome.

Thus, I hope to be able to help you, but I cannot help you unless I walk my own path and attain liberation. We have not thought about this harsh reality of life. Today, those who believe in Jesus say, "If you believe, you will go to heaven," but where is such a law in the world? "Oh, the whole world is mine. If I believe, it will be mine..." Does that happen? Such delusional faith will not do. Can it happen?

"I own the world, so I absolutely believe. Cut off my head. I believe." Can that happen? In the name of God... Can it happen? It does not work. It does not work. Therefore, do not boast that your country is big or that your denomination is big. Speaking of the Korean people, do not lament that the country is miserable, and do not lament that the Unification Church is being persecuted. It is the same.

What is the one problem? Can I align the unchanging standard of my heart with God's heart and stand in a position where that heart can control my body in my life? Can my body, at any time, day or night, 24 hours a day, hope for my body to unite with my heart from a relative position, like a minus? If the force of that hope occurs between my body and heart, that force connects with the power that can move the universe. Do you understand what I mean? My heart must be plus, and my body must be minus.

However, what has happened now is that both the heart and body are plus. Do pluses unite or oppose each other? They oppose each other, which is why the body is an enemy. How do we turn this into a minus? This is the path that religion must navigate.

When the body and mind enter a state of complete unity, heaven and earth resonate. The desires of the flesh and the desires of the heart are opposed. This body seeks to fill itself by consuming what belongs to others. Morality and everything else must come after eating. Isn’t that right? It is animalistic. If something goes into the mouths of my mother and father, if I am hungry, I will snatch it away. When I eat, I forget everything. Isn’t that true? That nature is full of such characteristics. Aren’t you like that? Those who say they are not are not born of the lineage of the satanic world. (Laughter) Since they are born of the lineage of the satanic world, it must all manifest equally. This body is the problem.

That is why moral concepts... Nations with higher religions develop. Why do they develop? Because they can make the body plus in front of the heart, absorbing the body and becoming one. When plus and minus unite, light radiates. Isn’t that right? New power, energy is generated. This is the principle of heaven and earth. Therefore, when this is completely united, then finally the two... Isn’t that right? If you look at a compass, there is both plus and minus, right? That is a compass. Similarly, when my body and heart are completely united, it becomes like a perfect compass.

Then how does the body of a man or a woman, which has become like that compass, become? It can become like a plus compass or like a minus compass. That is why men and women automatically become one. What is love and what is that? That is all secondary. When you meet a person, it is all good. Today, there is doubt and all sorts of things... It does not work that way. You know it immediately.

The strength of the magnetic force of that compass determines how my heart is drawn. In our Unification Church, there is such an action. It is an invisible action. When you first enter the Unification Church, something feels strange. When you come, you see a few pillars and think this is the headquarters of the Unification Church, but compared to the largest churches in Korea, like the Presbyterian Church, our church is in a poor state. Yet, despite that, I miss this place.

Even when I go home to sleep, I sleep facing the opposite direction of the church, yet my heart is directed toward this place. Why is that? What kind of action is that? Is it because Reverend Moon has some magic? What kind of magic is that? It is natural law and heavenly law. (Laughter) Magic only lasts for a moment. Even hypnosis dissolves after an hour. Yet, I am walking a long, tedious path throughout my life. I myself am the same. I have been scorned throughout my life, yet I remain unshaken. That is because something exists. If the plus heart and minus body can completely unite, the power that unites with the plus heart can participate in the authority of God's original creative power. If there is omnipotent creative power or life force, there is a possibility to connect with that creative power and life force.

When the body and mind enter a realm where they can eternally unite, the whole world becomes visible. Heaven and earth can resonate. The problem is simple. Do not think of it as complicated and delusional. Where is the source? If we can enter a position where the perfect heart can resonate with the perfect body, everything connects. The universe moves.
It means that there is a sound. Along with that sound, what comes out in proportion is that laughter bursts forth and joy bursts forth. Even if you try to stay still, laughter comes out; when you look at the ground, laughter comes out; when you look at the sky, laughter comes out; even when you go to the restroom and exert yourself, laughter comes out. (Laughter) That's how it is. Even when you are hungry, laughter comes out. If you eat, you will laugh even more. There is something like that.

There is a realm where the transcendent power can be infinitely connected, but that realm is not a vague one where God comes with a bundle of power in some ghostly form and acts; it is a realm where the creative ideal reaches a natural power.

The desire of the created beings is to connect to God's heart standard. If there is a complete plus, then a complete minus must appear in this universe. Right? "Yes." When a complete minus arises, a complete plus automatically comes into being. The possibility of human salvation lies there. If you have a complete standard of conscience, then a complete standard of body will emerge. If you come to know that, it is not so difficult. On the day when the complete standard of conscience is established, the body will automatically appear with relative conditions. Therefore, controlling the body is not a difficult problem but will manifest as something extremely natural.

Then what is that standard? It is not God's creation plan. It is not a business plan. Why do we engage in business or work? It is to be happy. God created humans and the universe; everything is for the sake of happiness. To be happy, one must enter into matters of heart, love, and emotion. That is why the eternal God created with a focus on heart, and the created things must go to the place of the purpose of that heart. That is an inevitable destiny.

Therefore, when you start from the place aligned with the origin of heart and go to the place of the purpose of heart, you will return. Do you understand? It will automatically return. This is what should return, but the reverse is what is called the fall. What is the fall? It is not love that follows the heavenly principles, but love surrounded entirely by fallen flesh, centered on the body. It has turned upside down. That is why religion cannot simply acknowledge what is surrounded like this; it must completely deny it. It says to completely deny it. This is the logic. Therefore, the conclusion is that true religion can only start from completely negating the whole situation connected to the body. You must understand this. Do you understand what I mean?

My husband is precious, my children are precious, my wife is precious, my parents are precious, but what is more precious? We must understand that the center of human original conscience, which is God's heart, is more precious.

Then how do we approach the deep place of God's heart? There is a distance. We must pass through that distance to reach there. To reach there, we must invest everything here. We must walk this path.

Unity is the coming together of two into one. The character '통' (統) means to lead. It implies subjectivity. To lead means to speak of subjectivity. Right? It is not union. It is unity. It is different. Unity always possesses subjectivity.

Today, the Unification Church is not a union church. It is the Unification Church. It has subjectivity. Where does that source of subjectivity come from? It does not come from the emotional origin of a certain person. That person also flows away, but it starts from the absolute heart of God that must remain forever. If the Unification Church had not done that, it would have become a temporary chaotic religion that flows away. Do you understand? "Yes." That is how it is.

The desire of all created beings is to connect centered on the standard of heart. Not only humans but even creatures, even ants wish for this. Therefore, when you enter that world of heart, even the birds living on the mountains nearby want to live close to that house, to that person; animals also want to come close to that house to sleep. Do you understand what that means? That is why Adam and Eve could govern all things; they could govern everything, whether it be tigers or lions. If today we were to do it with guns and swords, what would happen? All things wish to be unified in that heart and wish to be governed.

What kind of person is a happy person? A happy person is someone who can completely dominate me, someone who has the subject of unchanging love. If there is someone who can eternally manage and interfere with me with unchanging love, that person is a happy person. Conversely, a person who finds their own self that can eternally remain unchanged in the presence of the love of such an eternal subject is an even happier person. It is the same thing.

Where is happiness? It is not floating in the air. Where does happiness begin? Of course, it began from the time of the Father, but it starts simultaneously from my time. The emotional origin of love has historical properties, but it must be understood that it is a historical heart that equips the realistic content that represents reality. It becomes a heart that can establish a direct relationship with today's self. There is no change in that. Do you understand?

Do you think the emotional origin of a man and a woman loving each other will change over thousands of years? Do you think that the hearts of women wanting to marry men and men wanting to marry women will undergo a revolution and change after a few thousand years?

What is the difference between the couple living in the developed civilization of America today and the couple living in some underdeveloped country in Africa? Is there a revolution there? It does not change. The more unchanging it is, the more it becomes our standard. It becomes our basis for comparison. The development of science also follows formulas and units; the development of formulas... What is that formula? The more it has content that can adapt to all fields as a kind of legal condition, the more absolute that formula becomes. It is the same. That does not change. Principles and formulas do not change. Right?

Today, the issue of the 38th parallel is the same. How can we unify a Korea divided by the 38th parallel? No matter how much we unify, if there is communism, it will divide again. There will be fighting again. The root is the problem. Communism is ultimately connected to the issue of love. Everything revolves around love... Unchanging love, love that represents history, love that transcends the environment of the times, love that transcends human living conditions; if such love exists, that person is a happy person. Since such love exists only in the absolute God, it is a natural conclusion that it cannot be found except through the way that comes from Him.

Today, our Unification Church must form a heavenly kingdom. We are to create a heavenly kingdom on earth. Is that not so? What is the desire of the Unification Church? It is the perfection of the heavenly kingdom on earth. How will we do that? Just studying the principles, coming to the Unification Church to occasionally listen to the teacher's words, just coming and going, spending years like three, four, or ten years, thinking, "I am a proud member of the Unification Church"... Not at all. The more a child receives the love of their parents, the happier that person is. Right? Just coming and going without knowing the content of the Unification Church does not make one a member of the Unification Church.

Where do we start with unity? You see, the heart, communists believe that even the heart can change. That is inevitable. They say that the heart changes and develops. There are phenomena like that in the process. When a child grows, until they reach the age of 20, it seems like the heart changes. Is that not so? As knowledge broadens and understanding expands, the standard of conscience also broadens into a wider field, which means it differs from the old position.

Also, when looking at the laws of nations or various ethnicities, all laws are different. The citizens of that country often have their conscience standards changed by the laws of that country. However, although the direction of that standard may change, it draws a circular path. Why? Because the principles of heaven and earth are circular. The heart is the subject. Do you understand?

So, as the circular direction unfolds, it seems to change. It encompasses all directions: east, west, south, and north. If it is like a sphere, because there are all directions, our hearts also turn just like the universe turns, just like spring, summer, autumn, and winter turn. It revolves around a single axis. Therefore, it seems that phenomena of change occur according to the times, but that is not change. It is because we do not know where we are heading.

Then what is unchanging? It is the heart, the heart. Does the heart of a parent towards a child change? What kind of education can cause a revolution? Can you say not to love your child, saying that this is the law of communism, and not love them? That cannot be done. The unchanging central standard is the heart. The Unification Church speaks of the heart. It says that there is a heart that can connect the three great realms of creation.

From that perspective, since we are the children of God, the qualification to become God's children is granted based on how much of God's love we receive. Right? What that means is, how much hope you place in that child determines how much of your current possessions or authority you can inherit. In other words, only when the current emotional standard connects with the future emotional standard can that child receive more of the parent's love. Right? This is an undeniable fact that you all experience in your human lives.

Then, if we apply this before God, what kind of children can receive God's love? It is the same. They must stand in a position where they can receive a lot of God's love in the present, and that must not only be in the present but also have a long historical significance. In other words, I must become someone who can turn the emotional standards beyond the purpose for which I was born into a stimulus before heaven.

Ultimately, if you become a child of God who possesses a living realm where causes and effects can connect, you will receive more of God's love. The more eternal it is, the greater the difference. The more eternal it is, the greater the love received. For example, if you draw a circle with something small, it becomes a small sphere. The larger it is, the greater the love received. The larger it is, the more it pleases God. If God is surrounded by the love of the son and is intoxicated with love to the point of losing His senses, would that be considered bad? It is the same.

Centered on God's love, if you have a standard that can penetrate through your body and mind, you are this small. If your body and mind become one centered on God's love, and at the same time, husband and wife become one, that increases. Right? If the children become one centered on those parents, it becomes even larger.

Because the logic of this principle is established, the logic that the Unification Church speaks of, the direction of goodness also develops step by step, and that stepwise standard goes beyond the individual, family, tribe, nation, world, and universe, surpassing even God, forming eight stages. Therefore, when a person seeks not only the individual emotional standard but also the family emotional standard, that person encompasses and exceeds the individual emotional standard. Right? Is that true or not?

Through this emotional standard, a person who conducts a unification movement centered on the national standard is greater than a person who conducts a unification movement centered on their tribe, so they can encompass everything. This logic is established. If you advance with the heart that has experienced the emotional heart of God's love, centered on the unchanging direction of heart, and penetrate through the world, surely all of humanity will be encompassed within that world of heart. Right? Then what kind of person does God desire? Is it someone who focuses only on the individual? No. A person who focuses on the family beyond the individual is greater than a person who focuses only on the individual, and a person who focuses on the tribe beyond the family is greater than a person who focuses on the family, and a person who focuses on the nation beyond the tribe is greater than a person who focuses on the tribe. This is how it is viewed. A person who focuses on a nation is greater than a person who focuses on the tribe, and a person who focuses on the world is greater than a person who focuses on the nation, leading to the conclusion.

The origin of absolute happiness lies in God's heart. Today, the created world on this earth, or the terrestrial world, is undoubtedly made by God's creation, but when viewed centered on God Himself, this is a relative authority. Then, if there is a person who can penetrate through the heart that combines God and the universe, that person can govern both God and this universe. That is the conclusion.

What is great? If the bond centered on the direction of heart unity, the conclusive result point, penetrates from God's heart to beyond the universe and establishes a direct, unchanging realm of heart, then complete unity will be formed from there. We can present this logic. Do you understand what I mean?

How is that possible? God is absolute. If you stand in a completely absolute relative position before the absolute God, it becomes possible. The term "absolute relative position" may be a bit difficult to understand, but it means an unchanging relative position before the absolute being. Such logic is established.

That is why it transcends national borders. Is that heart under the control of borders? It cannot be under the control of nations, nor can it be under the control of any ideology or assertion of the world. It can only be governed within the authority of the principles of the universe centered on the heart of God, and there is no one who can surpass that or dominate it. Don't you agree?

What are you searching for? What is it that you desire the most? Is it money? I don't know if this pastor is here, but a few years ago, I entrusted this pastor with about 500,000 won, and he said he couldn't sleep at night worrying about it. Right? For someone who has never seen a hundred won, 500,000 won is a lot. If you think a thief might come in at night, can you sleep? You end up sitting there wide awake all night. (Laughter) That money is a source of trouble. Visible things can be stolen. Right? 

You cannot safely possess visible things. What kind of thing should it be? It must be something invisible. Therefore, the conclusion is that the greatest treasure among treasures is not a ghost. Can you see love? Have you ever seen love? Raise your hand if you have seen love. (Laughter) If you see that, you would think God made a good decision. Wow...
Precious treasures should not be visible. That way, thieves won't come. 
Isn't that right? Since it's hidden in a place where no one can see, since it's hidden in a place only I know, 
who would come to steal it? Can you see the heart? The heart is not visible, and can you see love? 
The effects of love can be seen, but love itself is invisible. This 
invisible heart contains invisible love, so who would come to steal it, I ask. 
No matter how much of a gangster or a historical figure someone is, they cannot move. 
They can only watch and spin around, but they cannot do anything more. That's how I think. The factors of absolute happiness are invisible.
So, where does the problem lie? What is the so-called heart that the Unification Church talks about? What is this heart? This refers to the foundation of God's perfect love. All creation springs from there. All ideals arise from there. It speaks of the perfect foundation of everything. All perfect completion comes from there. It means that there can be no perfect completion without departing from that.
Does President Park seem happy living alone? "Ah, our president is world-renowned, so even without a wife, he is happy." Who thinks like that? Even elementary school kids say this... It's unhappy. 
The people should come together to welcome a good mother of the nation. Do you think like that? I think about such things a lot. But would anyone say that Moon whatever is committing a great sin for thinking like that? (Laughter) President Park would be happy to meet me.
It's unhappy. Being alone is unhappy. What kind of person is an unhappy person? An unhappy person is someone who cannot give or receive. Isn't that right? "Yes." There can be no happiness when one is alone. There can be no peace when one is alone. Peace occurs in relative relationships. All these things called love, happiness, and peace do not exist when one is alone. They are established in relative concepts, and if the counterpart is not a perfect counterpart, there can be no perfect happiness, no perfect peace, and no perfect love.
Where will we find the standard of perfect love and perfect peace? In a world of humans that adapts to the logic of "human hearts change morning and evening, while mountain colors remain the same through the ages," it is impossible. 
It is absolutely impossible. You cannot find it in change.
Therefore, there must be some unchanging existence in this universe, and we must seek from that existence. What is that unchanging existence? What is it that is not visible but unchanging? What is unchanging? It is love, love. If there is an invisible being with absolute love, then from that love, we can finally find the standard of happiness. Without establishing such a standard, we cannot find the equal happiness of all humanity.
When you look at measuring standards, there is a standard type. Centimeters, meters, like that, right? There is a standard meter, one and only one. Isn't that right? You can make countless copies based on that. So how do you know if it is real or fake? You cannot know by itself. When you compare it with the original, you can tell whether it is fake or real.
It's the same. Where is the true standard of humanity? In today's historically chaotic world, is there a true standard? There cannot be. From that perspective, in the world of existence, what is more valuable is found in the invisible rather than the visible. Everything is like that.
God is the origin of peace for humanity.
Now, if such a being exists, if that being is God, then that God is the one who can save humanity, revolutionize humanity, and present conditions for peace to humanity. That is how I see it.
These days, when I talk about God, they call me a Jesus freak, but that foolish Jesus freak is the problem. I do not like that Jesus freak. They probably do not like me either. (Laughter) I might be a bit better than them, no matter how you look at it. Do you like me? "Yes." What is "yes"? Just words. 
The established church pastors are better than me, so why do you like me? Why did you all gather here at dawn? I could use a rest, but I could do better than resting.
Well, the word "God," if the real God exists, is to me the most happy and blessed word. The Bible speaks of the word gospel. What gospel is in the Bible? It says it is a blessed word, but read from the Gospel of Matthew to the Gospel of John. Do you understand anything? Not at all. I don't know what the tail of a snake is like, what the body is like, what the head is like, whether it is slippery or bumpy. They ask me to believe that... Is that the gospel, the gospel? (Laughter)
Forget all that and show me what God is like with a fist... When asking what bread is, "This is what bread is. Open your mouth. Taste it." That is the fastest way. (Laughter) When asking what a whip is, instead of explaining, "The strength of the whip increases the more it strikes, and when it hits, it hurts," it is much faster to actually get hit once and realize, "Oh, this is a whip!" (Laughter)
What is there to explain about God? Getting hit with a direct hit from God is the fastest, right? If you say God is like this... then everything is fine. You just need to experience it, experience it. Isn't that right? When asking how sweet honey is, what do you say? You can poetically explain how honey is collected by bees in the crevices of rocks over many years and has hardened into a white substance. But when asking how sweet it is, you wouldn't know whether spring or summer has passed... That explanation can be poetic. (Laughter) If you put a piece of bread in your mouth while sleeping, you will surely swallow it. When you say, "This is honey," you think, "Oh, how delicious it must be." But once you taste honey... (Laughter) that is the fastest way. That is the fastest way.
The world has changed in how it treats us.
So, the foolish Unification Church leader, Moon, is a foolish person. Until now, he has been criticized but has pushed forward without caring, which is foolish, right? If he had wisdom, he would do it gently; why would he be criticized? Because of me, the neighborhood is bustling, the country is bustling, and the whole of America is in a stir... (Laughter) The media is in an uproar. I have stirred up so much wind that it has reached the world. How stubborn is that?
When you look at the teacher, he doesn't look stubborn. Look at his eyes. He is not a stubborn person. But I am playing a stubborn game. So, do you all feel good? "Yes." Why? Why do you feel good? "The teacher has suffered a lot, always running away, always busy, so that is good." Isn't that what you mean? (Laughter) Look. Now I have become quite famous. Wouldn't it be good to share a bit with you? I am someone who does not want to be famous. These days, university professors say they would risk their lives for honor, but I am someone who dislikes honor, to be honest. Somehow, this is how it turned out. (Laughter)
This time, while taking the plane... This is a side story, but if I keep talking like this, it won't do. What with "unification and heaven" like this... (Laughter) How much the world has changed is something to see. Look. This time I came on Pan Am. I took the first-class seat... Now, if I don't sit in first class, it would be a disgrace for the Unification Church, so I can't help but sit in first class. (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean? Now, the Unification Church leader, Moon, is rumored to have money. But if I am in the third class, people will stop and look, and it becomes a spectacle. If I sit in first class, everything goes smoothly, but if I sit in third class, people might think, "How low is that level?" So whenever I go anywhere, whether to the American association or the Japanese association, I always choose the best first-class seat. You all do the same, right? "Yes." You all do, and at the same time, Americans, Germans, and British do too. Koreans like to call people "guys," so Chinese guys, Japanese guys... (Laughter)
So when I take the plane, everyone knows the teacher. Everyone is paying attention. They are all watching, like monkeys in a zoo on a spring day. (Laughter) That feeling is very unpleasant. So, what can I do? I dislike doing things like this... But since it has come to this, I can't help it. I can't die, and... So now, sitting in the plane, I brought my baby Kwon Jin with me. Since Kwon Jin is less than a year old, he couldn't adapt to the environment. He is not used to being around many people and is flying on a plane for the first time. This has completely changed the environment. 
Ah, once I got on the plane... The air inside the plane is not good. It has a strange smell. So, as soon as I got on the plane, he started crying. If he had cried once and stopped after about 10 minutes, it would have been manageable, but this went on for an hour, even two hours... (Laughter)
So, I thought, "Oh, this is... it's natural for the baby to cry, but if sin is this scary, I thought I couldn't commit sin." I felt how much... After crying for a while, he got tired and fell asleep, so that was his way of atoning. (Laughter) So, everyone realized that Reverend Moon was on the plane going somewhere.
So when I go to the restroom, everyone stands up to pay attention, and when I come back, they all... So, I have no choice but to hold it for two hours, three hours. (Laughter) You all don't know my situation because you haven't been in it. Only I know. (Laughter)
It takes five hours from New York to Los Angeles, but I tried to hold it for about four and a half hours. Having filled it up like this, can I open the lid? Bowing my head and... At that time, everyone was preparing to get off, so I thought they wouldn't be interested, but to my surprise, they were quite interested.
There are two paths to the restroom. There is one path and another path, but there is only one restroom, and I met someone on the way. That person was ahead of me. Since there is only one restroom, if they are ahead, it is natural for them to go in first. That is fair. But that person stood there. They were telling me to go in first. I said, "How can I go in when I came behind you?" They said, "Aren't you the famous Reverend Moon?" (Laughter, applause) So that was the end of it.
So when I get to Los Angeles, my family will come out to welcome me, so can I maintain my dignity? So I combed my hair and brushed my teeth. I think it took about 20 minutes. When I came out, this person said they were glad to meet Reverend Moon, that they had wanted to meet me, and they reached out their hand to shake hands. What can I do? American people see famous people, whether good or bad, as all wonderful. There is something like that. I am not a bad person, but...
Then, after that, if someone from Korean Air comes, I apologize, but since I need to contribute at least a penny to Korea, I want to take Korean Air. If my party comes, there will be three or four people, so when they come and go, it costs about ten thousand dollars. How much is that in Korean money? It is about five million won. That is the cost of the plane ticket. So, even if I have to wait for about 30 or 40 minutes, I want to take Korean Air. 
So others complain. "Oh, Korean Air is not safe." Many people are trying to educate me about that, but I still fly with them.
So, I have known for a few years. If you look, in just one or two years, how much has changed, who educated them, I have not educated anyone, but they have changed. They come and greet me, and from the captain on down, they all come to greet me, and when I get off the plane, they all try to carry my bags. Do you understand what I mean?
This time, when I got off in Hawaii and got back on, the stewardesses and all the flight attendants were all different. At this time, they were doing a headcount, and everyone who had been on the plane until now got off and came back in, and they were all being checked. On one side, there was a woman standing, and on the other side, there was a handsome man standing. It is easier to check if they are tall. Then behind them was a small man. He seemed to be the one in charge. So, when he came down to check me, someone suddenly jumped out and said, "Hey, you!" (Laughter) Do you understand what that means? "Hey, you, don't you know that person?" That was what it meant. (Laughter)
When I see this, the world has changed this much. I don't know if it is a good phenomenon or a bad phenomenon, but it doesn't feel good. Even here, everyone is trying to carry my bags... Who is asking to carry my bags? The world has changed that much. 
Why is that? Because I have stirred up the world.
The attitude of American society towards the Unification Church has changed.
Wherever you go in America, there is no one who does not know me. Just mentioning my name anywhere will make people recognize it, even in stores. So, I cannot go out. As soon as I go out, neighborhood kids will shout that someone has come, and they will come running out.
One interesting thing about the American people is that when something happens, university students say that Reverend Moon from the East is great. All the media are against it, but when they look into it, they realize it is not as bad as they thought. It is not a mixed bag; the dark things are disappearing, and the white things are coming. This is what the American people need. Even though there are rumors of brainwashing, 
up until now, the American people thought they were the number one people who could dominate the world, but now they know that the future of America is bleak due to corruption, and they hope for someone who can present a new spiritual revolution in finding hope for tomorrow. And that person is none other than Reverend Moon. So, what is happening on university campuses is that those who do not carry a photo of Reverend Moon are considered people who do not understand the times. This kind of movement is happening. (Laughter)
This time, Park Bo-hee made a photo of the teacher into a frame to hang in the office. When she went to get the frame done, the owner was surprised and asked if this person was Reverend Moon. When she affirmed and asked how he knew, he explained that his daughter is currently attending the famous Michigan State University, where the trend is such that his daughter, whether she likes it or not, has to carry around a photo of the teacher and introduce him as Reverend Moon, a famous person. This trend has emerged. Looking at that, one can see that America is indeed an interesting country.

The teacher has suffered for 30 years in Korea and Japan and faced opposition, but not a single person said, "Do well, Mr. Moon." No matter how much I tried to create something through research, there wasn't a single person like that. You need materials to create, right? But in America, it's different. There are many people who oppose you, but there are also those who support you, telling you to fight on. Encouraging letters come flying in. That's really wonderful. And money comes too. They ask how much money is needed and say they will support, hoping to meet at some point.

From now on, we will launch an offensive in the New York Times once every two weeks. The situation is like Yankee Stadium... I have prayed about how to create a sensation in America. To do that, there is no other way. Either make them oppose or support you; those are the only two options. Among these, a good method is to spread rumors that are not bad or evil, but to incite opposition. That is the fastest way. It is the most effective kind of propaganda. When something goes off here in Washington, the sound reaches all the way to the ceiling of Florida. It is that fast. I use such methods of propaganda.

But God has blessed me, and since February, after I crossed over, the media has been in an uproar about Reverend Moon. For example, the New York Daily News, which has a circulation of 8 million, published a photo of Reverend Moon and advertised that they would run a series of articles about him for several days, encouraging everyone to pay attention. They published a continuous series of articles spanning four pages for five days. This is unprecedented in history. That should have raised the teacher's profile, right? (Laughter) I am trying to raise your profile. (Applause)

The Unification Church has laid the foundation to do anything in America. The teacher has never met a single newspaper reporter from Korea or Japan. I meet them when I want to; do you think I meet them when you want to? It's the same in America. Now that rumors about the teacher are spreading, they say, "Let's interview Reverend Moon." I tell them, "I decide when to do interviews, not you!" So, I train my staff beforehand to handle things well and greet properly. Not a single person has been met by me.

Now, with Reverend Moon being an Asian and they being white, after 400 years of concentrating all the core of Western civilization to create this America, a leading civilization in the democratic world, suddenly an Asian appears and disrupts the well-established American landscape, which they find disgusting. I know their mindset well. These kids... Nowadays, anyone who meets Reverend Moon is called a heroic reporter. This is the game we are playing. I have to meet them, of course.

Even President Nixon thought they could take him down in less than a year and a half. So, they thought Reverend Moon would be flattened and fly away in a few months. Fly away? Not at all. They miscalculated. Even after three years of attacks, I am still here. Not a single person has been met by me. These kids, just wait and see. You will get caught in my plans; I will not get caught in yours. If I were to get caught in your plans, I wouldn't be doing this in America. (Laughter)

That is why they are scared. The organization is global, so how scary is that? Young people in America, who have become disciples of famous professors at universities, who used to be absolutely disobedient, are now completely obedient to Reverend Moon, 100%. Even if I make them work from six in the morning until midnight or two in the morning, they still want to go and don't sleep, or I make them wake up early in the morning. Now, this is something that cannot be understood no matter how much you study. (Laughter) Let's stop talking about this now. (Laughter) I think it would be good for anyone to hear this once.

Now, the parents of these kids are complaining that they are being overworked and enslaved. These kids, don't you remember when you captured black people and enslaved them? Not only that, but you are the ones who killed all the Indians. These kids... History follows the law of causality... What is an Indian? I think of them as Asians, Asians. I will soon gather all the Indians. Because you made Asians bleed, it is only right that you are trampled by Asians; Reverend Moon is here to fulfill that historical law of causality and to bring about restoration. (Laughter, applause)

I also spoke about this in the National Assembly. America must perish! I said this when I went in. If we don't do this, we will surely perish, no matter how big your eyes are or how grand your ambitions are, if I conclude my words logically, what can you do? You can only blink your eyes... (Laughter) I can now go to the National Assembly every year... I have laid the foundation to be able to do so whenever necessary.

In fact, the Unification Church's Reverend Moon is a capable person. Let's conclude quickly. I am a capable person. (Laughter) Do you acknowledge that? "Yes." You should add one more "yes." It should be "yeeees." "Yeeees." That's how it should be. (Laughter) Look, in April... I received my permanent residency three years after coming to America, and within three years, I created tens of millions of dollars in assets and cornered America. After that, I made all the young people willing to die for me. I am glad I am not a communist villain; I can do anything. I have the foundation to do anything.

Let's quickly carry out the restoration work to return to Korea. Thirty years ago, during the Ewha University incident, what happened? Dancing naked... I wish I could dance naked once. (Laughter) Now that the whole world is watching, I will dance once to release my grievances. What does it matter? Women, all of you have made me suffer. (Laughter) If you don't want to hear that, then leave. If the minister's wife is here, I will leave that aside... (Laughter) 

Since I have been insulted, according to the principle of restoration, I must hit back once to receive blessings in the new year, 1976. That is why I am saying this. (Laughter) It is not because I am lacking that this happened. It is because you guys are lacking... (Laughter) What has changed between Mr. Moon 30 years ago and Mr. Moon now, 30 years later? Nothing has changed. Back then, I was a young man, so if I hit a wall with my fist, it would break... But now that I am over 50, that courage has diminished, so I think I am not as good as I was back then.

If the Republic of Korea had supported Mr. Moon back then, it would not have turned out like this today. By now, I would have already sent the communists flying, and America would have been distributing everything like stepping on a mound of potatoes. I have been doing this for nearly 30 years like a tiger with a broken back. Last year, I finally appeared in public. And then, in just one year, everything turned upside down, right?

I finally stood in public. Mr. Moon did not appear, and what about Stalin, who was more sinister than Hitler? Why? Hitler paid salaries to get things done, but Mr. Moon does not even pay salaries, so it is even worse... Do I get a salary? I do. It is the same now. Whether I go to Japan or anywhere else... If only the teacher had been supported by the Korean people... I have wasted 30 years. I have a lot to do now.

Even now, you all don't know what the teacher is doing when he goes back and forth, do you? You don't know what the teacher is doing. Nowadays, those who know say, "Oh, the teacher has prepared all this for this country and this nation, even while being insulted." Nowadays... I can't do it. I know... It will be a pity for Korea, so I must help even the Western beggars, but I must first help the Korean beggars, which is why I am trying to help Korea.

So, I have worked hard to earn money with my own hands. Those who do not know how to make money cannot become the new religious leaders of the new world. I can also do diplomacy... When I meet someone, I can see their face and know, "You did this and that..." I know the secrets too.

When you match up marriage partners, I can tell at a glance. That one will become a widow, and since she will become a widow... There are young widows and old widows. A young widow should be matched with an old widower. There are also those who will become widowers. (Laughter) Why are you laughing? Do you know how hard it is for your parents to send you off to marriage? Even after years of effort, there are so many unmarried men and women in Korea.

But the teacher married off 1,800 couples in about 40 days. Isn't that impressive? Do you think you can even imagine that? This is not just a game. I can tell just by looking at a person. I know how their temperament is and everything about them. I have studied people my whole life. But that doesn't mean I studied physiognomy. I see and know the heart.

The teacher is indeed a capable person. There is no sport I cannot do. There is nothing I cannot do. Whatever I touch, I can do. My children also have so much talent that it worries me. It is difficult to choose which talent to nurture. In the future, when I choose, I will create several paths, and God willing, I will choose from among them. That is what I am thinking.

They have a lot of talent. I shouldn't brag about my kids, but this time, our Yejin came in first place. That is why when they go to school, they say "Moon Brothers" as a rumor. Even at school, they recognize them as the problematic figures. When they first came, everyone thought it was a joke, but now they realize we are different. That is why when they go to school, they say, "Reverend Moon is smart, and seeing his children, it seems there is a rumor." They are coming back.

What has the Korean people gained by insulting me for the past 30 years? Let's be honest. Now, Korea must borrow my hands. I must help. Korea has no way to survive in the future. No matter how well President Park governs the country, how will he defend against China, the Soviet Union, and Japan? This is a problem that must be addressed.

To deal with China and the Soviet Union, Japan must be dealt with, and to deal with Japan, America must be dealt with. The direction of American policy is changing in many ways, and we Koreans cannot do anything about it. Therefore, to save Asia and Korea, we must deal with America.

With such a great purpose in mind, to align this with some program in a short time, I cannot help but propose rapid activities. That is why the current problems are arising. Ultimately, problems are arising. This time, we plan to complete the organization of the Victory Organization in all 24 cities by April. So, if we train for about three years... Our Unification Church will be the first to catch the communists. Right?

Now, what is rumored in Japan? When they say the right-wing party, they are talking about the Unification Church. Do you understand? When they say the right-wing party, they are referring to the Unification Church. The theoretical punch is strong. Understand that, and now that the teacher is over 50, you all must do the things that the teacher could not do in his youth.

The teacher alone is trying to manage this country and this world, but how small is the stepping stone of Korea? Are you satisfied? Are you satisfied or not? "We are not satisfied." You are not satisfied, right? This can all be resolved in one evening. That is not the case. So, we must quickly carry out the restoration work in Korea to restore this nation and this people.

The teacher has laid the foundation for you all. I have laid the foundation to go to Asia, to all the oceans and continents. I have gathered all the capable people... Do you want to be a goose, a duckling, a crane, or a swan? Try flying. I am saying to try flying. I have made all the preparations for that. I have laid the foundation to feed everyone here for several years.

I am spending more than 2 million dollars a month. Wouldn't it be nice if the teacher gave you that money? That is not money that was earned through deception. It is money I earned with my own hands, with my own hands. It is hard to make money on American soil. I know that well. That is why this is becoming a topic of discussion and a problem.

What about Mr. Moon? What is he doing? "He is capable." He is capable. Will you now acknowledge that? "Yes." Until now, you haven't acknowledged it, right? "I acknowledge it." What are you doing, you kids? Is acknowledging something just a way to ask for money every time? (Laughter) You should become a tiger cub; I don't like being a kitten. 

The strength of Unification Church members comes from their experiential knowledge of God. Now, let's move on to the main topic. The ideology of our Unification Church is to create one. Where do we start creating one? America? The Communist Party? Absolutely not. Where do we start?
"From me." Answer me for sure. Where does it start? "From me." It starts from me. Who is before me? "From God." From God. As long as God does not unify, as long as God is worried, this universe is subjected to such a God, so as long as it is governed by God, there can be no unification.

If God is the foundation of the universe, then as long as that foundation itself carries sorrow and cannot fulfill its desire, a world of peace cannot come. That is theoretically valid. Can children be happy if their parents are worried? Can they be happy or not? "No." No, they cannot. If the president of a country is worried about dying, can the citizens of that country be comfortable and happy? "No." No, they cannot. That is the law of our human society.

Then, if God is at the center of this heavenly principle, if God is dancing with joy, if God is singing with joy, if God is fully opening up body and mind and saying, "Let’s be happy together with me, let’s live happily together," and can say to follow my example, before making such a proclamation, there is no happiness in this universe. Then, will a happy world absolutely come? "It won't come!" It will come! "It won't come!" It will come! "It won't come!" It absolutely will not come.

Then how do we know if God is sad or happy? That is all we need to know. The place that teaches such things is the Unification Church. What? People don’t even know if God exists or not. Such people are outsiders. We, the Unification Church members, all know that God exists, right? "Yes." How do we know? "You taught us." You were taught, but have you become one with the Father? If I like gochujang (red pepper paste) and kimchi, do you all like gochujang and kimchi too? "Yes." Hey, you guys... (laughter) It’s different. I was like that even last night. You just need to sleep for four hours. When necessary, you can sleep for two hours. 

You all sleep like that too, right? (laughter) Why are you laughing? 

You need to know that God exists. The teacher will find out whether God exists or not, whether God is undoubtedly omnipotent or not, during the true youth era. On a day when I know God well, I can make God my in-law, I can make Him my father, I can do anything. What else can I make? There is nothing I cannot make. If I call, God comes.

Why? No matter how much of a president he is, if a beloved little son says, "Daddy, come here," he comes. Doesn’t he? "Yes, yes." He comes. (laughter) It’s the same principle. Because I have such a relationship in life, even if the world is in turmoil and making a fuss, I can say, "Hmph." That’s reasonable.

What if you are just the son of a president of a country? If you became the son of the King of Heaven, how much more would you be? Think about that. When I breathe in, it feels like all the air in the world comes into my nose, and when I exhale, it feels like all the air in the world goes out. If I breathe in all at once, the people of the world would all die, so I have to stop and exhale. That’s how I think. (laughter) It’s not funny.

If you know that God exists, everything is resolved. So, do you know that God exists? "Yes." How do you know? Do you know by learning or by experience? "I know by experience." Let’s see a show of hands for those who know by experience. Put your hands down. The Unification Church is meant to be experienced. The reason Unification Church members are strong is that they know God through experience.

Look, I sent missionaries to 127 countries this time, and I sent people from Germany, Japan, and the United States together. Why did I send people from these three countries together? They are enemies of each other. They were enemies 30 years ago. If enemies cannot unite more than their own brothers, they cannot become citizens of the heavenly kingdom and cannot become heavenly brothers. This is a principle. The theoretical principle is established that way.

Now they are all in one room, struggling together. They can’t all speak. Do they know German, English, and Japanese? They don’t know each other, so they are just gesturing... That’s what’s happening. Why? To save the world in the future, we need to mobilize the United States, Japan, and Germany. If we mobilize just these three countries, we can feed the world. Do you understand? Is that right? They are the top countries in the world. They are wealthy countries in the democratic world.

In the future, if I send $100,000 a month to the missionaries and $300,000 from each country, then a million dollars will be gathered in one missionary department. Then we can even create a bank. Because we need to officially carry out a movement to save the world, I am doing such work. With this, everyone is now out fighting.

Kim Il-sung of North Korea is truly the embodiment of Satan. He is establishing communism in the world and everywhere he goes, he is against the Unification Church... Kim Il-sung hates Reverend Moon the most, doesn’t he? Right? The way he treated the Japanese Chongryon was all my doing. Therefore, it is the most problematic religion. When the Unification Church sends out missionaries, Reverend Moon is labeled a spy... What? There is no country, but I am being treated as a spy. There is a country, the heavenly kingdom. Isn’t that right?

Everywhere I go, they call me a spy and carry out expulsion movements, so it’s tough. Then what happens is that the spiritual world teaches everything. "Tomorrow, such and such a person will come, so go and be there." That’s what they say. I am receiving direct guidance. Isn’t that wonderful? No matter how wonderful you are, you have never gone out as a missionary, so in the end, you lose to those who have gone out as missionaries. You lost. Did you lose or not? Did you win or lose? It’s all being taught.

Even in the early days of the Unification Church, when it was facing strong opposition, I taught all the students at Ewha University like that, and it caused a fuss... The people who are still here now, did they come in because they were great? They came in because they were taught in the spiritual world. They may have been in the church for a long time and say "Ahem!" but they didn’t come in because they were great. They all came in because they were taught. There’s even a section leader here. "Father’s words are right." They all came in because they were taught.

Therefore, this cannot be separated by human power. Everyone is having such experiences. They are all being taught now in Germany, England, and the world. Who has such an organization?

Look. Centered on one teacher, this infinite three-dimensional world, transcending time and space, has created the motivation to react. Just this one fact is enough to commend Reverend Moon. Isn’t that right?

If the spiritual world cannot be unified, the earthly world cannot be unified.

Ultimately, the spiritual world is all working to elevate Reverend Moon... In the realm of spiritual science, what evaluation is being made now? It is said that there are 3,200 spirits corresponding to one person on earth. In the future, those spirits will come down and cooperate. What does that mean? 3,200 multiplied by 4 billion, how much is that? Is it several hundred billion? Such spirits are gathered in the spiritual world, and whether they are great or not, they are all mobilized to elevate one Reverend Moon. Do you understand what I’m saying?

Look. To a person who communicates with the high spiritual world, give them the three characters of the teacher’s name and say, "Pray about this person." While praying, they will say, "Oh my!" and worship. "Teacher!" That’s how it is. Do you understand what I’m saying? "Yes." Only those who are blind and whose nerves are paralyzed cannot understand, but I am an expert, so I know it clearly.

Without unifying the spiritual world, we cannot unify the earthly world. The people standing here have the ability to unify the spiritual world. Not only do they have it, but they have already unified it. Jesus, Confucius, and Buddha must all cooperate with me. That’s why those who believe well and are in tune... Even yesterday, a person who believes in Buddhism came to me and said, "Buddha ordered me to pray for Reverend Moon 24 hours a day, how can I not do it?" That’s what he said. Even Buddha must cooperate. If he doesn’t cooperate, I will apply heavenly law and he will be subject to public law. That’s the kind of ability I have. Do you understand?

Whether it’s Confucius or the leader of the Islamic faith, they will all melt away in the future. You need to know that even the communist world is currently being infiltrated in the spiritual realm. Do you understand what I’m saying? You are blind and do not know, but when the day comes, it will all happen... You don’t know when it will happen.

Religions that cannot make God the subject of life will fade away.

About 200 years or 150 years ago, if someone said that a piece of metal hundreds of times larger than this church would float in the air and fly smoothly, would you have believed it? If someone said a jumbo jet would fly, would you have believed it? "Oh, if it were made of cotton, I could understand, but a piece of metal flying? That person must be crazy." You would have tried to kill him. If someone said a piece of metal could float on water, going in and out and traveling as much as it wanted on the water, would you have believed it? If someone said that, you would have called them crazy.

If someone said that by just sitting still and turning on a small machine, you could hear the president of the United States speaking, and you could hear the words of famous people from around the world while sitting in your living room or even while sleeping, would you have believed it? Do you believe it or not? "I don’t believe it." Why don’t you believe it? Why? Even just 100 years ago, no one would have believed such words.

But can you say that what Reverend Moon is saying today is a lie? That world is coming. It is approaching. Now scientists are at the stage of proving that God exists. We are entering an era where we can create machines that can manifest phenomena and see them through our eyes. When that happens, I will be able to unify the world while sitting still.

We are in such a situation now. We are not here to get food. We are here to control the world and the heavens and the earth, just like how a pipe organ produces beautiful sounds when played. We gathered for that purpose. Can you do that? Can you do that, you guys? "Yes." You guys who can’t even handle this Korean land... (laughter) It’s just like a blind person insulting someone who can see, saying they are worse than a blind person. Look at the pastors of established churches. They will see that I am giving them money, more than 400 million won a year to NCC, and about 2 billion won every year, and they will say, "Oh, the Unification Church is good." 

We must owe our debts to God.

Now, the missionary funds from America have all been cut off, right? What? A few hundred thousand dollars, at most 300,000 dollars, but that doesn’t even cover my expenses. Christianity is helpless. If I do that, it will split into two factions, so I am not doing that.

I just need to experience God myself. Do you understand? Rather than talking about whether God exists or not, I need to experience that God exists. I do not need a conceptual God. Without making God the subject of life, religion will fade away in today’s scientific world. That’s how I see it.

The Unification Church is a theoretical religion and a practical religion. That’s why today’s youth in America are getting caught up in my hands. Do you understand? It’s different. The reason I can take risks is that I know the timing. I know how the situation in Asia will be, what the outlook for New York is, and what the outlook for America is.

That’s why I am ahead of you, and you will surely owe me. You will get caught up in my strategy... If there are any FBI or CIA people here, go and report. Go and report. Religion is meant to govern the world of the heart, and political systems are meant to govern the physical world, and because these two must unite, in the end, religious leaders must guide political leaders of the world. They must be educated. 

Today, the Unification Church has the authority to develop unique activities that can transcend nations and Asia and influence the world, so you who are in the headquarters of the Unification Church are in a position to influence all nations centered on Unification thought. How you establish your relationship with God and what realizations you make in your life stage is an immediate and responsible issue you must pursue. It should not be vague like it was 10 years ago. No one likes to owe a debt. Even a nation does not want such citizens. Schools do not want such students. Churches are the same.

I do not want people who come into the Unification Church to owe a debt to the Unification Church. I want you to come to the Unification Church and not owe a debt. The Unification Church itself does not owe a debt to the Republic of Korea. I am not someone who has received a single penny of aid from the country. I am not a recipient. I am someone who gives aid for the country.

If we become an organization that can help the country and take responsibility for solving the country’s difficult problems, then even those who lead the country will have to follow that organization.

Whether it’s Asia or America... I have not owed a debt to the people of that country. I am the one who came with several million dollars in cash and started this fight. A person who owes a debt is not strong. Until the debt is paid, in front of the person who owes me a debt, I can never be strong.

In that aspect, it is the same in front of God. Unification Church members owe a debt to God, so they cannot entrust everything to God. I must owe a debt to God. I must be entrusted with God’s work. God desires such people.

Even when we look at the term unification today, we should not hope that God will unify. Because we fell in the Garden of Eden without God...

When viewed from the perspective of principles and fundamentals, what should the earthly paradise be like? First, there must be God, second, there must be a perfected Adam and Eve, and then there must be the archangel. Only when these three principles exist and there are no opposing beings can the original paradise be realized.

Then what happened to Adam? They fell without God’s intervention. That’s why today, in the process of restoration, we must restore without God’s cooperation. That is the principle. "Even if the path of suffering becomes heavier, I will restore through my own strength without God’s cooperation. As long as I know God and understand God’s will, as long as my body is alive, I will take responsibility for myself." Such a person is what God would want, wouldn’t He? Theoretically, that’s how it is.

God desires those who wish to unify autonomously. I am not someone who prays because I have difficult problems. The entire Americas are mobilized...
Even if the media and all sectors join forces to launch an offensive, I will stand firm with my own strength, my own strength... I have the intellect, the courage, and I have received the training necessary for this. Here, I will not be the loser; I must instill the spirit of a man of unification. When that happens, I will have something to boast about in the future, even if I do not wish to boast, God Himself may declare to humanity that "Moon so-and-so is like this," and He may announce it before all the spirits in the spiritual world. I hope that can happen, but I do not want God to say, "Ah, I supported him, and that’s how it turned out."

I am someone who has not received the support of the nation. I have pioneered my way through my own efforts. Even though I have faced suffering for 30 years, I have not fallen. Even if I stand in a place where I am bleeding in prison, I have not appealed to heaven with my blood. "Do not feel pity for me. I am still alive. I am not a man who, like a historical loser, blames heaven when I encounter difficulties while following the heavenly will and laments my own path of suffering, hoping for sympathy from heaven. I still have the capacity and strength to move forward for tomorrow." This is how I have come to be.

I have already declared and sworn to give my all to this cause... A man has the duty and responsibility to uphold that declaration and oath. Day or night, regardless of any changes or twists in life, I believe that a man’s path is to establish the intended purpose beyond those circumstances.

Even if a storm blows and any twists come crashing down on me, I will not be overly eager to avoid them; rather, I will face them and endure them. Therefore, it leads to the conclusion that God cannot help but like me. Even if I say, "Do not believe in me," God believes in me, and even if I say, "Do not follow me," God becomes someone who can follow me.

When that happens, the situation changes. The position changes. Because God's heart is to give and give again, to recreate... If God created Adam and Eve to entrust the universe, then if I say I will rise to a position beyond Adam and Eve without being indebted to God, God can still manifest His creative power and create a world and universe beyond this for me. I know that God has that capacity. I believe and know that the motivation for new creation can be cultivated through my conviction and resolution.

From that perspective, who do you think God would prefer among those who desire unification and those who wish to be dragged along while being indebted? Answer me. Who would He prefer? If the church is struggling and poor... I have heard many rumors that those who left the Unification Church in the past due to difficulties are now returning. That should not be the case. To achieve unification, I must center my heart and control my body. I must voluntarily fast and take risks.

Now, what does God prefer? Between doing something while being indebted to God and doing it autonomously, which does He prefer? Is it the autonomous person or the indebted person? "The autonomous person." Even beggars do not want to be indebted to others. If even mere humans do not want to be indebted, how could God, the ideal subject of humanity, like someone who is indebted?

Heaven is a place for those who have incurred debts. Those who go to heaven are those who have incurred debts on a global scale. It is certain. If that is wrong, then take my head. Heaven is a place for those who have incurred debts. It is not just personal debts but debts that transcend nations and states, debts to the world, heaven and earth, and God. That is the essence of heaven.

Fallen humanity has walked the path of suffering and sacrifice until now due to their fall from God. We know that we have incurred a historical debt by sacrificing countless ancestors. Therefore, if there is someone who wishes to clear this historical debt and go forth with debts to history, they will be dignified in the spiritual world.

From that perspective, I know the historical background, I know all the stories of the spiritual world, and I understand the underlying history of God's providence, so I will not become someone indebted in the historical age. Since I was born as a citizen of the Republic of Korea, I do not want to be someone indebted before all the ancestors of the Republic of Korea. I will not be someone indebted before the sovereignty of this age. If I incur a debt, then I have incurred it.

In that sense, when I took 600 Korean residents from the Chochongryun to the United States, I spent over 500 million yen. I spent that money to educate them and prepare a stage for the Chochongryun's visit to Korea. I have also created the World Peace Professors Academy while sending vast amounts of funds into the air. At first, the government scoffed. "Is Moon so-and-so really doing that? Oh, the national power could only produce about 13 people, so what’s the big deal?" They might think on a national level, but I think on a global level.

Even today, with the International Unification Science Conference, who would have thought that I would gather scholars from over 60 countries in four years? When I started this in 1973, I paid $20,000 in cash to hire a professor from a major university in the United States to start this work; it was like a dream. At that time, those who followed me said, "Teacher, why are you giving cash to that person? How do we know if that person is a thief? Just give it to us." No, no...

At that conference, Moon so-and-so didn’t even show up. From the first to the fourth conference, they became the guests, and I became the host. It’s easy to say, but it was during a time of fierce opposition, with 350 world-renowned scholars gathering in New York... Nobel laureates and others came together. In the end, they were all swayed by my wishes. I had already foreseen everything.

No matter how talented you are, if I don’t push you, you can’t do it. In the end, it will turn out this way, and a few years later, it will be like this, so I must conclude it! That’s it. At that time, everyone must listen to me. Meeting them is nothing special. When stripped bare, we are all the same, right? There’s no need to look up to someone just because they are good at something... In the grand scheme of things, knowing a little more in a narrow field means nothing.

When I went to Berkeley University, it is a world-renowned university. This university has a record of chasing away famous lecturers who come to give lectures. But when Reverend Moon came to lecture at our university, they tried to chase him away...

The teacher knew everything and went in. "Let’s see... as soon as I entered, there was a lot of noise and commotion... At that time, you have to put on a show. Do you understand? They wanted to see Moon so-and-so get defeated and have to leave, so the communists and the heads of six universities all colluded to try to kick him out.

I did not come to America to be chased away, you little brats! If I can just hold on for about 10 minutes, then after that, they will be swept away by me. They did their first, second, and third rounds, and then they were all done. While they were doing everything, I was joking and putting on a show.

Once about 10 minutes passed, it was all over. Everything they had planned was finished. So I said, "Why don’t you do more, you little brats?" and they responded with a sigh. "Didn’t everything you planned come to an end? Let me teach you." That was the reality. "Listen, you little brats! There are many scholars and Nobel laureates at Berkeley University, but I have friends who surpass you, you little brats. I know the world, you little brats." And I laid it all out. Listen! I gave them a good telling-off, and they quieted down. (Laughter) Within 15 minutes, I had them all caught and salted, and then they were all cooked. After that, they were all, "Oh, Reverend Moon is this and that..." Without even thinking about such trivial matters, why would I want to fight in America?

I should not be indebted. Did I owe a debt to the Unification Church? I have billions of won, but I earned it all. I earned it all to build the church... Last year alone, I spent nearly a billion won at once to build about 200 churches. Who did that? Did you all do it? I needed money for the past five years... Before that, when I gave you money, it was because I didn’t want to lose people, so I didn’t think about making money. Even if I kicked the can... However, the teacher was fully prepared. To avoid creating a bunch of beggars... Now that I’ve made it so that they can live even without me, I can be criticized. Am I living indebted? Isn’t that the case?

To repay the debts incurred before God and to go beyond that is the path of life. Yesterday was New Year’s Day, and people came to bow to the teacher... They probably all came because they were going to give New Year’s money. (Laughter) That New Year’s money quickly disappeared, about 3 million won. Then, since it was a good day, I played games with everyone, and that cost about a million won, so altogether about 4 million won disappeared. That’s enough to buy a decent house. Wouldn’t it be nice to give that to each of you? But that was because yesterday was a good day, so I wanted to bless you... But I’m not saying this to show off.

Some people say that New Year’s bows should be done in the morning, but they come to bow at lunchtime... I don’t feel good about that. It’s noisy to blow the trumpet after the parade. Isn’t that right? The sound of the trumpet blown after the parade is noisy. There are no spectators. You see, the Unification Church blows the trumpet after the parade, or do we blow it before the parade? "We blow it before the parade." Is what Teacher Moon is doing blowing the trumpet after the parade? Is it blowing it before the parade? Heaven has been established, hasn’t it? "Not yet." Since it hasn’t been established, we blow it before the parade.

I dislike people who are indebted. I don’t like such people. That’s why I told the youth in America not to be indebted. A person is born to fulfill the sacred purpose of this universe, and yet they incur debts to individuals? We must repay the debts we owe to God and the universe.

We must repay all the debts incurred beyond the nation, beyond the world, and even to the fundamental universe, and then before God say, "I have fulfilled the original mission You gave me. I will repay my debts to You and leave with a few percent more." That is the path of life.

The broader the emotional landscape, the better the person. If you ask God, "What is Your wish?" He would answer, "My wish is to save all humanity." If you ask, "What will You do with that salvation? Will You reign like a king, extorting taxes from the people?" He would say, "No. I want to save humanity to enable them to live a life of infinite love and gratitude for eternity. That is My wish."

The more children a parent has, the broader their heart of love becomes. In all directions—north, south, east, and west—their nature becomes enriched. Therefore, it concludes that those who have many children cannot help but be good.

My mother has many children, and raising them has led her to face many difficulties and challenges. So when something happens in the neighborhood, she does not think of it as someone else's problem. She thinks of her own children and helps with the neighborhood issues, and that’s how it goes. People who live with such emotional landscapes tend to become better.

Do you prefer having many children or few? Let’s ask. Do you prefer many children or few? "Many." Then you should keep having them. Now, even the descendants of the fallen world think it’s good to have many children, so wouldn’t it be good to have many children who can receive all of God’s love without falling? "Yes." How wonderful would that be? Dancing in the east, dancing in the west, sitting and dancing, rolling around while sleeping, that’s how it is. Isn’t it?

In that sense, if you become a leader, what kind of leader will you be? Will you be a leader only for Koreans, or will you be a leader who can love all races, including those from the East and West? Which is better? A leader who only loves the pure Korean people or a leader who loves mixed-race people? "Mixed-race..."

So, do you like mixed-race people? Do you prefer pure ones or mixed-race ones? "I prefer pure ones." What does that mean? (Laughter) Pure is pure, but this is a kind of reed-like purity, a reed-like purity. Mixed-race is mixed-race, but this is a golden mixed-race. Then that’s fine. Do you understand? "Yes." A steel mixed-race is better than a wooden purity. That’s how you should think. Then the theory matches.

So what is the Unification Church? At least we have all entered the realm of 14 karat gold. If you attach another metal to it, it becomes mixed. This pure Korean is a wooden purity, a wooden purity. At that time, you should think and respond that way. In that sense, the teacher does not only like Koreans; he also likes foreigners.

Is it a sin for Koreans to keep asking the teacher to come? Are they asking him to come because they want to incur a debt, or are they asking him to come to repay a debt? Are they asking the teacher to come to incur a debt or to repay a debt? What is it? What is it! Look at this. Koreans all have that tendency. When it’s unfavorable, they don’t answer. (Laughter) Westerners will answer even when it’s unfavorable. That’s the difference. This shrunken, weak nation has a historical tradition of living by watching for cues. Now, when you ask the teacher to come, are you asking him to incur a debt or to repay a debt? "To repay a debt." Why repay? Because you want to contribute without confidence... (Laughter) What is that? Then would it feel good for the teacher to come to Korea, or bad?

Now, look. If I wanted to spend money, I am capable of spending millions of dollars a day, but would you lend me some money? Would you lend me some money? "Yes." (Laughter) To manage this world, it’s unavoidable. I know that America is a wealthy country. So, inevitably... To save the world, it cannot be done from Korea. Do you understand? It cannot be done from Korea. 

Do you think it can be done in Korea?
"Is it not possible? Then where should I go? Is there only America, America? Right? 
Yes, did the teacher go to America well or not? 'He went well.' Then do you hope 
he returns or not? 'I hope he returns.' What does that mean? (laughter) It means 
to earn money and come back, right? These days, there has been news about people 
returning to Korea with wealth. So, are you saying to earn money and come back?
You must not be indebted. That’s why I told this story. When I left in 1972, I had 
already said everything. Leaders must teach everything before they leave. You 
didn't know what time it was, but the teacher told you everything. No one knew 
the teacher's heart as he left with a solemn determination. Who knew? No one 
knew. The Americans didn't know, and no one else knew. Even the president of the 
association who went with me didn't know. If you don't talk about it, how can you 
know?
Only those who can take responsibility for everything can be the subject. 
What if I hadn't gone to America? What if I had stayed here for three years? 
Would that have been good? Did I do well or not? 'You did well.' I did well, 
right? 'Yes.' Among you, there are those who resent the teacher for not coming, 
but is that a sin or a good thing? It's a sin. Recently, some executives came to 
America and saw that what the teacher is doing is truly amazing. Oh, I have no 
words... That cannot be done.
I can bring anyone here right now... The government is the same. The government 
has now come to realize that it should support Teacher Moon. Look, Korea is the 
subject country of faith, yet it hasn't sent Korean missionaries. What does that 
look like? You should feel ashamed. Why is it that Korean people are left behind 
while Japanese, German, and European people are brought to America to establish 
the foundation?
These days, who is it? Is it Ju Dong-moon? Has Ju Dong-moon come? Ju Dong-moon! 
'Yes.' What, they say they won't send you to college? Ah, everyone else has 
graduated from college, graduate school, and has PhDs, but what will you do by 
going to the Unification Church professor academy and becoming a follower? Is that 
true? I have already heard through my sources. Is that true or not? Is it a fact 
or not?
Isn't it saying that since Teacher Moon has laid the foundation, he should let 
our sons and daughters study? Ju Dong-moon, is that what it means? If you want 
to educate your children without being indebted, then don't complain and save 
money to send them to America. What do you think? Is Ju Dong-moon saying he 
wants to be indebted or that he wants to make others indebted? That cannot be 
done. I hate that the most.
What about someone who goes to a feast and asks for kimchi soup when they don't 
even give rice cakes? I want to beat such a person to death. Isn't that right? 
This is like a neighbor's peddler who comes with rice cakes, and I don't even 
want that, but they sit there and say, 'Please bring some kimchi soup...' Such 
people are more detestable than those who ask for rice cakes. Don't do that. 
Even if I have money to sweep into the Pacific Ocean, I don't want that. You 
must not be indebted. You must absolutely not be indebted.
Today, the revolutionary government has come out and is talking about the 
subjective ideology, which is a good term, subjective ideology. How should a 
subject be? You must understand that only those who can take responsibility for 
everything can be the subject. Not just any thug can be the subject or the 
responsible person. Not everyone can be a boss. A boss must be able to take 
responsibility for all the difficult and good things in the company. Only then 
can they be called a great boss. Someone who is flawed cannot be a responsible 
person. They are a flawed leader.
Teacher Moon of the Unification Church thinks the same way. Whether good or bad, 
he thinks he is responsible. Why? Because a responsible person, a subject, can 
only influence others when they can fulfill their responsibilities; otherwise, 
they cannot be a subject. They become a fraud.
Unity is only possible through total investment.
What is the way to unity? I am the subject... What is God's principle of creation? 
Creation means that God invested Himself. Only through the complete investment of 
everything of God, only through complete investment, can perfect results be 
guaranteed. We must understand that this is the principle of creation. Therefore, 
I must invest myself sincerely. It must be given sincerely. Only by giving 
sincerely can the future counterpart be created, the foundation be formed, and 
the environmental conditions that can prove me be established. It is impossible 
to receive. That is not in the principle of creation.
The principle of unity... You all understand, right? To complete the ideal of 
creation, the purpose of creation must be fulfilled, and to fulfill the purpose of 
creation, the expectation of the son-in-law must be fulfilled, and to fulfill the 
expectation of the son-in-law, it must be centered on God's love. This conclusion 
is clear. When you look at it this way, what does it mean? It means that God 
completely invested. It means it has been completely invested. Then, after I 
become the counterpart who received that complete investment, I must know how to 
carry out the second creative act through myself. From there, all the multiple 
world creations unfold. The higher-dimensional world, the complex form of the 
world, is connected here. That is how the theory is correct.
Then what about fallen humans? Fallen humans must go through the history of 
salvation. What is the history of salvation? It is the history of restoration. 
How does the history of restoration happen? It happens through indemnity. It 
happens through indemnity, but what formula must be followed? It must follow the 
law of re-creation. The conclusion is that we must unravel all of history today 
based on this law of re-creation.
What kind of providence does God carry out? He carries out the providence of 
re-creation. Therefore, the entire history must fit perfectly into this process of 
re-creation. Any lifestyle, social field, or any country and nation with a 
historical background must undoubtedly be a nation and people that bear one aspect 
of the re-creation process.
God's 6,000-year providence is a history of re-creation, and it has come into 
our individual lives today to carry out a partial re-creation history that can 
connect to the whole, that can connect to the whole, and that can create leaves 
like a tree. After that, it must be able to connect through the roots, trunk, 
and branches to the leaves systematically.
In this way, ultimately, God needs someone who can give on His behalf. If God 
has given completely, He must tie together all historical matters and become the 
fruit that summarizes everything God has invested in the history of the whole, 
so that He can grow into a tree and then bear many seeds again. That is what I 
mean. Only there can the world of unity unfold.
Religion must serve the nation.
When the origin that allows individuals to give for the whole is cut off, it may 
be possible to form a unified individual, but it is impossible to form a unified 
family or a unified world. Someone must come to the earth and give for the 
individual, give for the family, give for the nation, give for the world, and 
even give to God in front of heaven and earth, so that they can repay their debts 
and find a way to contribute. Only in this way can God's wish be fulfilled in 
the fallen world of humanity; without this, God's wish cannot be fulfilled. 
Theoretically, that is the case.
So, I, Teacher Moon of the Unification Church, am following this path. I must 
unify my mind and body centered on my individual self. I must suppress all the 
strong physical urges that want to center on selfish desires. That is why I have 
trained like this. I must control even the ticklishness and the drowsiness. I am 
someone who has gone through all that kind of training.
Everything depends on the mindset. I have trained like this. No matter how much 
I am tickled, I can stay still for two or three hours without blinking... Even if 
I am surrounded by beautiful women and lying down, no matter what temptations 
there are, if I think of the principles of heaven, I can think of it as a dream. 
I am someone who has trained myself like that.
After making my body and mind one, what should I do? I must go into the family 
and create one family, then go into society and create one society, and then go 
into the church and create one church.
In 1957, when I established the Unification Church, I did not sleep more than two 
hours on average per day. I sat curled up in my room for 24 hours, doing that 
every day until three or four o'clock for seven years. Pour out all your sincerity! 
Pour it out until you are exhausted! Even if you are hungry, pour it out! Even in 
drowsiness, pour it out! Until heaven acknowledges it... Because I planted like 
that, even if the seeds planted today are not accepted by the members of the 
Unification Church, these seeds will connect to the world through God's heart. 
Surely there will come a day when it will be harvested; if it cannot be harvested 
in Korea, I thought it would be harvested in the world. In fact, it has turned out 
that way.
I have invested for the Korean people, even into your families. I have invested 
in 36 families, 72 families, 120 families, and 430 families. What I blessed them 
for was to live well, but in order to save the nation and preserve the nation's 
tradition, I had to break all the families. I told them to leave all their 
children in orphanages. I did that. I said to inherit the traditional thoughts.
I loved you more than my own children, more than my wife, and more than my 
parents. I abandoned everything. So I am telling you to go. After being away for 
three years, rumors spread that I had gone mad. You all took your children to 
relatives or orphanages, crying and leaving them behind. Because of that, the 
Korean people opposed the Unification Church and the path of Teacher Moon, and 
they should have been abandoned, but because they raised the blessed children... 
When they see those children without mothers and feel sympathy in their hearts, 
and when they feed them, I know that they are feeding on behalf of this pitiful 
nation. Because of that, it has become a condition for this nation to forgive 
what they have done wrong to me. I did such things before I left for America.
What the Unification Church must show is that Unification Church members are 
patriots who care for the nation. There is no doubt that I want to present such 
a direction. We have created the Victory Alliance for the defense of the nation 
rather than the revival of the Unification Church itself, and how much have we 
been looked down upon until now? A religion that cannot contribute positively to 
the nation and cannot give for the nation is not needed by the nation. I am not 
indebted even when I go to America. America is indebted to me. No matter what 
anyone says... I give everything for the world, for the five colors of races. 
Day and night... I send everyone to the regions to engage in economic activities 
and suffer, while the main organizers cannot sleep comfortably. They must give 
with their hearts, with their strength, and emotionally. You must not be in debt. 
Do you understand? 'Yes.'
The formula for re-creation for unity.
The principle of unity is to invest creative power. Unity occurs through the 
investment of creative power. It is not possible to achieve unity by wanting to 
receive. Receiving is good. If you have received, you must become someone who can 
add interest to that and give more. However, those who want to receive even more 
on top of that are absolutely disliked by heaven. Heaven does not give. You must 
understand this.
Without going through the principle of re-creation, it is impossible to unite 
fallen humanity. What is re-creation? When God created, He invested everything. 
The process of re-creation is the same. God first created the angelic world, then 
the material world, and then created humans. Do you understand what I mean? 
Therefore, there must be an absolute angelic realm that can serve God... The 
angelic realm is invisible. It is spiritual.
You must have a belief in the invisible heaven in the world of the heart that 
goes beyond the realm of thought that angels can have. You must have an absolute 
immovable posture. If the archangel had an absolute immovable posture before God, 
he would not have fallen. Because he could not maintain an immovable posture, he 
fell, so today we must have an immovable posture in the world of the heart and 
enter into this reality where we can create everything on behalf of God. 
That is re-creation. Do you understand? You must have the ability to create 
economics and material with your own hands. Because I have that kind of thought, 
Teacher Moon of the Unification Church is interested in economic issues.
Then what should we do next? We must create sons and daughters. We must know 
how to produce sons and daughters. With whose hands? With my hands. Because I 
must re-create on behalf of God. This is the same principle as God creating 
humans through the cooperation of the archangel after creating the material world. 
I must carry out the reform of this society armed with the origin of the word 
and powerful thoughts, and I must start the reform from my family. Therefore, 
Unification Church members must start with economic activities as soon as they 
enter. They must earn money. Do you understand what I mean? That is the way to go.
You must have a strong self that cannot fall into any temptation of Satan, a 
strong belief that if God tries to take away my thoughts, I can even remove God. 
So, what is the first thing to do? Because there was a process of creation by 
God who created all things, we must create all things. Therefore, we must command 
and mobilize the angelic world. You must become someone who can command and 
mobilize the angelic world. Because God created all things with the cooperation 
of the angelic world, you must receive the cooperation of the angelic world. The 
spiritual world must cooperate with such a person.
You must mobilize the angelic world to create all things, and after creating all 
things, you must create sons and daughters. Therefore, you must create all the 
environmental conditions for your sons and daughters to live, to get married and 
live. That is why I am trying to buy houses for the 36 families. I am responsible 
for up to the 120 families, so I want to take responsibility for all those issues. 
Do you understand? 'Yes.'
Just as God has an absolute thought, you must have a strong belief. You must 
create the material world by mobilizing the angelic world with the thought that 
angels can yield to you in the position of representing God, and then you must 
create the world of Adam. That is the law of the process of re-creation. Do you 
understand? That is the official path.
Your personal character standard is set according to how many people you have 
created."
When looking at today's history, it fits here. What do people in today's world want to create? It's the same. They want to have a new self-subject ideology, a new plan for themselves, and use all their predecessors and environments to expand their economic power. That's all they know. Because the economy is an external existence, it is a foundation for completing the spirit, and it comes from dust, returns to dust, and disappears. There is no spirit.

So how can we have a spirit? Just like when Adam and Eve were created, we must create people. The issue depends on how many people we can create, which determines how much of my inner value and character standard is established. If you evangelize a hundred people and have a hundred sons and daughters of faith, you will have a character equivalent to a hundred people. If you have the ability to recreate a thousand or ten thousand people, you will have the authority of a character standard equivalent to a thousand or ten thousand people. This is all a formula. There is no forgiveness in this. Do you understand what I mean? This is a realistic issue.

Today, we must recreate. So what has God been creating until now? He has been creating the angelic world. Since the archangel fell because he could not believe, religion is for recreating. Originally, there is no religion in the Garden of Eden. The numerous religions today are the angelic world. What do we want to do here? We want to create Adam. Just as material creation was done through the angelic world, blessings were given within the realm of religion. That is the religious state of the democratic world, which is America. What will we do with material possessions? We want to cooperate in creating Adam.

So how do we create Adam? Everything must be invested for the returning Lord. History is being played out according to this formula. You all are the same. Do not eat free meals. You must stand on the foundation of the achievements created through your blood and sweat and consume what you have earned; otherwise, it is a sin. This is all theoretically and fundamentally structured.

To be a child of God, one must be able to civilize the world.

When looking at Korea, there are many who play around, and there are many parasites in the Unification Church. Such people cannot achieve unification. Only those who can invest themselves to create an economy and have a subjective ideology that can produce sons and daughters centered around the national citizens, in other words, only those who can invest themselves to create a manifested result can be children of God; powerless people cannot be children of God. Such people are like beggar's children; what is so special about that? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

How much effort have you made to enrich this country, how much economic power have you invested to make this nation prosper, and how much have you devoted your sincerity to civilize this country? If you are a child of God, you must have the ability to recreate the world and the ability to civilize the world. That standard is the standard to become a child of God, yet what is the crazy standard you are obsessed with today? You all know without needing an explanation. Do you understand or not? If you don't understand, that is a lie.

Do not become like fertilizer that rots, sleeping and eating free meals. With that, there can be no unification. To achieve unification, we must perform a history of recreation. We must invest ourselves instead of God. Just as the Bible says that the first commandment is to love your God with all your heart, soul, and strength, we must invest all our sincerity. We must invest our lives to the point of losing our hair, crushing our noses, blocking our ears, and suffocating. If we cannot do that and just talk about this and that, it is all fake.

The way to unification is like this. This is the realm of the fall. (While writing on the board) We must rise from the individual to the family, tribe, nation, world, and ultimately to God. We must break free from this realm of the fall. History works this way. That is why we have found the individual and centered on religion to expand the realm of goodness and created a world with a radius that includes the communist world.

So where do we need to go? We must seek God. We must return to God. This goodness is the only shortest distance, and the angle is 90 degrees. What is this horizontal love? It is human love. It is familial love. Parents, siblings, and sisters are the three loves. Here, the vertical love must be at a 90-degree angle. If it becomes 90 degrees here, then wherever you go, the angles will match. All 360 degrees will fit there.

It must be either this way or that way; it cannot be this way. (While writing on the board) If the distances are all wrong, it will not be unified. Here, all distances match, right? It is unification, right? If there is even a slight deviation from here, there will be no unification. One side may be unified, but the other side will not. Therefore, you must center on the individual and unite, carrying on that tradition to connect families. Then this will become a plus, and by connecting this with that, we will create a plus realm, and by creating another minus realm and combining them, we will develop. In the end, centered on the nation, we must create all plus realms and make the world a minus realm to unify the world. This is how it will develop in a progressive stage. The teacher is walking this path.

From the perspective of the individual, we must not lose in being loyal before heaven, and it must be the same in the family. Today, if the members of the Unification Church are one tribe, they must unite centered on that tribe, and leading this tribe, it must become one subject that influences the minus realm of the nation. If that nation can finally look up to the Unification Church because of that influence, then a new history will begin from that point.

As we entered 1972, when it came to religion, it was the Unification Church, and when it came to victory activities, it became the Victory Federation, right? How much opposition did the Anti-Communist Federation or the police have? In the end, because we emerged, the Unification Church became evident before this nation and this people in terms of spiritual and ideological standards, and based on that standard, I crossed over to America. After going to America and connecting the vertical standard with the spiritual Christian cultural realm, I returned with a victorious foundation and completely revealed it at this Yeouido Conference centered on the nation.

During the time of Jesus, Judaism and the government united to oppose and drive Jesus away, but at the Yeouido Conference, it was the opposite. The established church fiercely opposed us, so the government supported us. Isn't that right? It was opposition. The restoration through indemnity was achieved here. We went through that complicated background struggle. How did so many people gather at the Yeouido Conference? It is simple. If you go out with a complete plus national ideology and world ideology, then for that nation to survive, minus entities must automatically be created.

So without realizing it, when talking about Yeouido, they get excited and can't sleep from dawn. Do you understand what I mean? Because I know all these principles, I am talking about a 200,000-person rally at Yankee Stadium and a 500,000-person rally in Washington. I am applying these principles. Even if there are not many people, if heaven moves there, then a wind will arise. Such miraculous things can still happen now. To mobilize 200,000 people, you must invest more sincerity than that to mobilize 200,000 people. Break through that.

That is why the members of the Unification Church in America, even when going to the restroom, say Yankee Stadium, wherever they go, they are playing that game. Do you dream of that? When the teacher comes, you just say, "Oh, the teacher has come!" But when you go home, do you say, "Oh, I'm hungry. It's lunchtime, give me food."? What do you think about? "Oh, it's night, I have to sleep before 12 o'clock. That way my body will feel comfortable and I can live a little longer..." Such people, with their pig-like bodies, when they go to the cemetery, will only smell more, right? It is useless; if someone has fulfilled their responsibilities, it is different. Such a corpse would not even like the cemetery. A corpse that goes with debt...

The martyrs of the Unification Church become educational materials for all mankind.

Moon Sun-myung is spiritually giving to you and materially giving... Japan is the same now. Japan also has no way to survive without my hand. I have been doing things that the Republic of Korea does not know and things that Asia does not know. Now, in the modern history of Japan, the name of Reverend Moon will come up. It has become something that must be recorded. Do you not know what I am doing while going back and forth? I am predicting everyone in the Liberal Democratic Party. That is who I am.

In Korea, because I am being criticized, you may think I am a follower, but I am not that kind of useless person. I am influencing Asia and the Republic of Korea. Does the Unification Church influence the Republic of Korea? Does it influence or not? "It does." It does, right? "Yes." Does it influence Japan or not? "It does." Does it influence America or not? "It does." Does it influence the world or not? It does.

This recent incident of our church being bombed in France... these bastards... because the time has come... "I am a man who has committed no sins and has no conscience before God, yet if you strike me, I can strike you back tenfold. I have the confidence to knock down the communist realm." This is what I have returned with.

Recently, the person in charge in France, Reiner, came and said, "Teacher, the church in France has been bombed, and what about this and that..." I said, "You bastard, we are in a war zone..." I do not even think that if my son died. How do I think? If my son died in France, since he died on foreign soil, I consider that incident a historical event. He becomes a hero of the Unification Church. A person who had no name becomes a hero.

Because of that bombing incident, a Dutch youth and a Norwegian girl were injured. One is a man and one is a woman. That man and woman become heroes. If France accepts the unification ideology and understands it, then the French nation must pay compensation to the Norwegian people and must pay national compensation to the Dutch people. That is a responsibility. Because of that one person, there arises a way for that country to revive, and if that country is caught in misfortune, there arises a way to survive with the support of France. Do you not know such historical stories? In that sense, if one person dies, what does it matter? The more they die, the more the historical connection of that country shines, and that fact is not a loss centered on our will. That is how I think.

In the history of the Unification Church, the history of martyrs or those who have suffered is the closest position to a traditional mainstream thought as long as the unification ideology remains. Through this ideology, when tens of millions of nations receive education, it will emerge as the educational material. In this sense, we should not be sad but should rejoice. I think differently. Do you understand?

A person who can build heaven.

Our leaders are the same. The teacher told me to suffer in Korea, and now that suffering has become a real asset to sell. Yoo Jong-young, are you here? What time is it? "It is 8:25." At 8:30, my guest will come. When I talk about the suffering I endured following the teacher in America, they say it is good wherever I go. You must understand that. You must not be in debt. You must not be in debt, right? "Yes." You must strive not to be in debt in material terms, and then we must become a Unification Church that does not incur debt in spiritual terms. Do not be in debt. You must not be in debt. You cannot be in debt before the world or before the teacher. There can be no unification where there is debt. Do you understand? "Yes." There is no unification where there is debt. Heaven cannot be established with debt. There is no revival with debt. When you have the ability to completely repay what you owe with interest many times over, that is when a prosperous nation is established. Heaven is the most prosperous of nations, so you must understand that it is impossible to be in debt. Do you understand? "Yes."

You must not be in debt. Do not let your eyes be eyes that are in debt, and do not let your ears be ears that are in debt before this nation and this people. I cannot see bad things with my eyes, and I cannot hear bad things with my ears. I cannot speak bad words that would put me in debt before this nation and this people. I must speak good words. In acting with this body, I cannot be in debt before this nation and this people. Whatever it is, centered on this body, by leaving behind the results of goodness as educational materials, I must stand in a position where this nation cannot put me in debt. Such a person can reach heaven. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

No matter how fanciful or delusional heaven may be... As far as I know, those who have sacrificed their lives to serve the world and to not burden the world with debt are the ones who are in heaven, while those who died seeking to go to heaven cannot go to heaven. Those who have dedicated their lives to liberate all people and to break the way of betrayal have gone to heaven, but those who have sacrificed themselves saying they would die to go to heaven have not gone to heaven. Do you understand what I mean?

Delusional faith and delusional heaven are not desired by heaven or this reality. Those who think of establishing heaven are those who want to make the world a heavenly world; they must have the power to give and influence the world, possessing the subjective ability to turn things around 180 degrees. Only such individuals can form the heavenly world. Beyond that, they must unify the spiritual realm and turn back to God. To turn back to God, the investment must be great. When you say you will give something greater than what God has invested, God's position can change 180 degrees. This way of thinking is the mainstream thought of the Unification Church. You must understand what I mean.

The Unification method is the method that opens the door to the spiritual realm.

Teacher Moon has walked this path centered on this. Whether I leave behind such achievements or not has been a matter of experimentation, and I have poured out my blood and sweat into my life until now. I have done this to avoid becoming a dropout. I know that the laws of heaven are like this. A responsible person must practice what they know. If not, they cannot be a responsible person, and that is why I have put all my sincerity into following that path until now. 

There is nothing to be precious about my honor or anything else. This work...
How to carry this out is the most urgent matter; everything else is secondary, tertiary, or even fifth in importance. If you want to curse, go ahead; if you want to speak, then speak. My path is busy, and my tasks are pressing. Heaven is happening right here. 

How you connect this in a straight line, how you connect it vertically, is what matters. (Speaking while writing on the board) In the process of restoration, all nations must be connected in a straight line. It cannot be like this. If you connect this much and then connect that much, everything will end up being separate. It cannot be separate. Everything must be connected as one, as one. If some things are set up like this here and some like that, all paths will be blocked. We must create a single path that connects from the individual to the entire world. From here, the fastest highway will open up, creating a passage from the fallen world to the heavenly kingdom. 

This is what the life-long wish of Mr. Moon has been. So, what did the teacher do when he came here yesterday? He held a unification ceremony. He performed a unification ceremony. He said, let’s set a standard centered on heaven, even if it’s just a condition, and that’s why he held that ceremony. With that ceremony taking place, the time has come for the spirit world to be fully mobilized. Centered on the foundation on earth, the spirit world can now be mobilized globally, crossing national borders. The spirits of Asia can go to Western societies, and the spirits of the West can come to Asia; without establishing such a standard, we cannot build heaven on earth. That was the purpose of opening that door yesterday. 

That’s why I played Yutnori and gave out New Year’s money. In the near future, many spiritual phenomena will occur. Now, good ancestors will be mobilized, and if their sons and daughters do not join the Unification Church, they will bring illness and medicine. If that happens, we must fulfill the global mission that heaven desires in a short time on this earth. 

You, who have inherited this tradition, must know well what position you are in. You all know what position you are in. To say you don’t know is all fake. There’s no way you wouldn’t know. You know everything. You know what aspect you are in. Do you know or not? “I know.” A person who doesn’t know what position they are in is not a member of the Unification Church. You know. You know whether you live for the world, for the nation, for the family, for the individual, or whether you are a dropout who can’t even do that. You know. 

If you believe and practice, a new revival will occur. If you know… the path you take will manifest as a result in the spirit world, and that is what is frightening. This is what is frightening. In the short span of 70 or 80 years of life, correcting the historical mistakes and making leaps forward is difficult. However, since the Unification Church’s Mr. Moon has paved the way, now it is time to create the automobile to drive on that highway. You just need to put gas in the car, learn to drive, and then you can go. The time has come for that. If you believe and practice this, a new revival will occur. 

That’s why the teacher has built all the churches to prepare for this time. Now, just as I held the Day of Hope celebration, each district leader should do the same, and each church leader should do the same. In this way, we can unite in influencing others, but we cannot unite in being influenced. Do you understand? “Yes.” You need to know that. 

Until now, you have come into the Unification Church and followed the teacher and the words, but in 1976, you must resolve to become someone who does not incur debts, who influences others, and who does not owe anything. If you can do this in each field, the Unification Church will undoubtedly experience remarkable development from now on. 

Until now, it was because you didn’t know, but now is the time when if you draw this horizontal line in the spiritual world, the vertical line will be drawn. Therefore, if you pave the way in one world, you can occupy the results of two three-dimensional worlds. In business terms, there is no better deal than this. The time has come for that, so you must move forward with all your might. 

As the Bible says, “Love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your strength,” I declare that in 1976, I will fulfill this word through my body, and when that day comes, the world will turn upside down. Just wait and see what that means. If I have lied… I know that the fate of the Unification Church has come and gone because of me representing you in official settings. 

On the day this happens, issues will arise starting from Asia. I have come to notify you of this. Similarly, when I go to America, I will lead the way so that you will not lose to anyone, and I will push the young people of America toward you. Why? Because we have a global responsibility; we have a responsibility to the nations of the world. I will push them based on this slogan. 

We should not incur debts to America; we must make America incur debts. Therefore, I intend to create a wave in the spiritual realm that will sweep through America. Do you understand? “Yes.” I sincerely hope that you will work to create a historical wave in 1976 that matches the global historical assistance, allowing this wave to return beyond the world. If you can regain such connections, Korea will never perish. No matter how much Kim Il-sung wishes for it to fail, it will not. Because heaven exists, it cannot invade this place. If you cannot do that, then it will invade. I hope you will become those who can do this. 

If individuals do this, individual heaven will open; if families do this, family heaven will open; if nations do this, national heaven will open. We must become a world that wants to give to each other. A world that wants to receive from each other is the world of Satan. However, if we try to give to each other, we cannot help but rise. The more we turn, the more we will rise. There is no way to descend into the ground. Knowing this, I hope you can achieve a feat and leave a record that connects to the path of the global heavenly kingdom, and I will conclude my words. 

<Prayer> Beloved Father, we did not know how the twists and turns of history have been until now, but now we understand how we must go according to the law of one principle. When the heart influences the body and makes it one, that body will influence the family, the family will influence the tribe, the tribe will influence the nation, the nation will influence the world, and it will connect not only to the earthly world but also to the spirit world. We have come to understand the astonishing historical fact that by resolving all the explosive emotions of the Father’s heart, we can liberate the Father. 

Through our limited bodies, we have come to know the astonishing historical fact that we can resolve to the authority of heaven and to the omnipotent heart of the Father. I believe that when we can accomplish this, everything in the world will be resolved. For this path, we have already prepared to dedicate our lives, so as long as I am alive and as long as I have a tomorrow to go to, I sincerely hope and desire to have the righteous indignation and courage of heaven to welcome everything joyfully and to pledge to move forward. 

Thus, by governing the world of Satan and absorbing the world of Satan, using it as materials for heaven, I earnestly hope and desire that we may become children who have no lack of the qualifications of your sons and daughters, standing in the main character of the new human recreation and performing the great work of God. 

At this time, we have come to understand how the origin of unification came about. We have come to know that only through this unification can heaven be realized. We have come to understand that heaven also goes through this principle of unification. Father, now please instill strength and courage into them so that they may be strong and courageous. Just as you do not change, they must not change either. Just as the Father is strong and courageous, they too must be strong and courageous. 

Father, we declare and pledge to become subjective beings at this time, so please gladly accept us. We repent of all the wrongs we have done until now and declare that we will make a new historical start centered on the first day of the lunar calendar in 1976. Today is the second day, and in this place where new Unification Church members have gathered, we declare and pledge that we will practice as we have declared, creating a victorious foundation for the Father to come and work in this nation in 1976, and we earnestly hope that you will spur us on. 

I ask once again that you be with us eternally with the grace and love of eternal glory, and I pray all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen. 

<Words> Now, let’s raise our hands if we are people who will contribute to the construction of heaven as warriors of unification. Put them down. Let’s sing a song. What shall we sing? “The Man of the Wilderness!” The women must be more than just men. The women of the Unification Church must be. (Everyone sings “The Man of the Wilderness”) * 
          Selected Speeches of Rev. Sun Myung Moon <Volume 82>       
               Printed January 15, 2002     
               Published January 25, 2002
               Editor: Compilation Committee of Rev. Sun Myung Moon’s Speeches
             Publisher: Hwang Seon Jo
             Place of Publication: (株) Seonghwa Publishing Company
               Address: 172-1 Cheongpa-dong 1-ga, Yongsan-gu, Seoul
           Phone Number: 715-3894～6, 701-0110 (Cheongpa Bookstore)
           Fax Number: 701-1991
           Registration Number: No. 3-98
             Registration Date: May 20, 1961