Rev. Sun Myung Moon's Selected Words
85
Rev. Sun Myung Moon's Words Compilation Committee

Preface
                   President of the World Peace Unification Family, Hwang Seon-jo

Table of Contents
  Preface …………………………………………………… 3
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································

1)
The Mission of Unification Church Members
As you all know, this is Daejeon, where the Chungnam district headquarters is located. When you think of Daejeon, does it feel like the waist or the belly of Korea? Isn’t it about the belly button? That’s what comes to mind when I think of Daejeon. 
And when you say Daejeon (大田), the characters ‘대 (big)’ and ‘전 (field)’ feel good. Imagine the owner standing in the middle of a big field. Wouldn’t it be nice if the owner is not angry but happily smiling? I think it would be nice to have such an owner standing in a wide field. 
Daejeon, the geographical center of Korea
Now, if we consider the entire Korean peninsula as a big field, Daejeon is at the center. If you stand here and look around, what do you think the smiling owner’s face would look like? Would it look good? “Yes.” Let’s stop with the strange sounds.
Daejeon has Gyeryongsan, right? “Yes.” You’ve probably heard a lot about Gyeryongsan. Recently, I’ve heard that the monks on Gyeryongsan are in quite a predicament. That’s to be expected. The time has come, and it’s not the time for such games, so perhaps God has sent down all the frost. When you think of Daejeon, you think of Gyeryongsan, March 2, 1976 (Tuesday), Daejeon Church.
* This speech was given during a national church tour in the Chungnam district and was also published in the September 1976 issue of <Unification World>.
8   The Mission of Unification Church Members
When you think of Gyeryongsan, it evokes numerous religions. Is it about 20 li away from here? “70 li.” 70 li? That can’t be right. “50 li.” Okay, 50 li.
If you look at that, the practitioners centered around Gyeryongsan, and the historically rich Gyeryongsan in Chungnam, I’ve heard that Daejeon will become great in the future. I don’t know, but that’s what I’ve heard. Is that right? “Yes.” Will it become great? “Yes.” What will become great? If Daejeon becomes great, will the streets of Daejeon become great, or will Chungcheongnam-do become great? What do you think will become great? “Chungcheongnam-do will become great.” (Laughter) Chungcheongnam-do cannot become great. We should see that great people can emerge. Can Chungcheongnam-do become great? It’s stuck on this map…. (Laughter) Daejeon is stuck here, so no matter how much it tries to grow, it cannot, but if a great person comes out of Daejeon and smiles happily like the owner I mentioned earlier, then the three-thousand-li peninsula will smile, and then the world will smile. Can Daejeon not become great? “No.” Can it? “No.” It cannot.
So I feel good about being in Daejeon today. I came through Busan and Daegu yesterday; how many times is this? This is the second time, right? In terms of days, it’s the second time, but in terms of visits? “This is the third time.” Do you like the third time? “Yes.” The Unification Church has a very special terminology: rebirth, growth, and perfection. (Laughter) When a person is grateful and thankful, they close their eyes. When you say “thank you,” do you say it with your eyes open? (Laughter) You close your eyes. Isn’t that right? “Yes.” When you are grateful and thankful, it means happiness is coming, so when happiness comes, you must close your eyes. Therefore, at this time of rebirth, growth, and perfection, you should close your eyes in gratitude. Did you close your eyes? “Yes.” Think of the image of the owner who closed their eyes and then opened them. Then Daejeon looks hopeful for the future.
Also, during this gathering, there isn’t much time for the teacher. I’m busy moving around…. I didn’t originally plan to have this tour. There’s a big fight going on in America right now. I have the responsibility to go there and mediate, and there are economic issues and foreign relations issues, all of which are significantly impacted by my absence. Since I’m communicating via phone and teletype, it incurs substantial costs.
That’s why everyone is counting down the days until the teacher arrives. They might be more eager than you. Has it been a year since the teacher came to Chungnam? “Yes.” If they don’t see me for a year, they wait and wait until they get tired, and their eyes become weary, but you, even if the teacher says he’s coming, can’t believe it because life is busy. You might think, “Oh, he’s coming to Daejeon,” and be indifferent, but the members over there in America are just waiting.
The Significance of This National Tour
Originally, there wasn’t time for a tour, but especially, I thought it would be good for me to tour Korea. It might not seem beneficial for an unattractive person to tour, but I feel that it would be very good for the Korean people if I go around praying and thinking for them, so I’m touring. Otherwise, I would have already flown away.
The reason I came this time is not just for any reason. It’s because the national situation and this year are a time of crossing over globally. Ordinary people might not know this. What should we call it? Heavenly fortune? You all like fortune, right? “Ah, today is a lucky day! I had good luck!” Similarly, thinking about receiving heavenly fortune, even if the teacher is the second in the world, there’s something that he wouldn’t dislike. He knows about the timing.
I know how Korea should move forward and how Asia should move forward, so I felt that I had to come and spend 40 days here, sensing something spiritual that you don’t know about. That’s why I set aside all the busy matters in America and came for Korea. Even though I don’t have time, I’m touring the entire nation this time. That’s why I’ve come to Daejeon. Daejeon is the third time, so it’s a good place. Do you understand? “Yes.”
Do you like the number three? “Yes.” There’s a Korean proverb that says if you don’t succeed the first time, you will surely succeed the third time. So why are so many people gathered here today? I feel good about this. When I originally issued the notice, I just asked for about 200 people to gather. I wanted to gather the core members and share important messages, and have each person commit to what they need to do in the future. I thought it would be better to gather a few people rather than have everyone sit for hours listening, as it can be uncomfortable. I hope there aren’t people who came and thought, “Oh, the air isn’t good, and the doors are tightly closed….” The air you breathe is circulating all around, all of it. If you think that the air from the mouths of all the people here is circulating, doesn’t that feel good? “Yes.” (Laughter)
Have you received the appointment from the commander to respond? (Laughter) When you respond, you should do so gratefully, saying “That’s good” (roughly) (Laughter) A man whose voice isn’t pleasant…. His face isn’t that holy either. (Laughter) At such times, you should say “Thank you” or “That’s good” (gently).
Well, it was supposed to be like that, but so many people have gathered. Since many people have gathered…. I do have a talent for speaking loudly, but I can’t exhaust my energy too much. If I have to speak in eight or nine places twice a day for four days, I need to conserve my energy from now on. You know about conserving, right? “Yes.” You need to consume a little bit at a time; if you release it all at once, it becomes a big problem.
But since so many have come…. When I look at this, I thought about 300 people coming, but I heard that about a thousand have come. If the feast was prepared for 300 people, what will happen if a thousand people come to watch the feast? There’s nothing to feed them, so I thought I’d just give them water and share some complaints. However, the reason so many came is that it’s Daejeon, the field is large and abundant, so I thought that way. Also, since this is the third time, the third time is a good number, so no matter how much Mr. Moon or anyone else curses, since today is a number three, it shouldn’t be bad. I thought that it wouldn’t be bad. Are there people upstairs or downstairs? “Yes.” I apologize to those in the upstairs or back, but I concluded that coming here was not a bad thing.
I hope you listen with hope.
Then, Daejeon is Daejeon (大田), and it should truly be as its name suggests. People from Chungcheong-do are often referred to as noblemen, right? “Yes.” If you are a nobleman, that’s about ten nyang. (Laughter) It should grow to be 30 nyang. Isn’t that right? It should be bigger than a nobleman, so it should grow to about 30 nyang. Do you understand? “Yes.” I’m not saying that your faces should grow larger.
Animals, of course, and even plants dislike being in debt
Why did we build this church here in the center? Was it a miscalculation? Was it because there was no money? “We will build it in the center in the future.” So you want to build everything? “Yes.” How will people come here if the number of people increases? It will cost a lot and take time, so we need to consider building in the center.
In that sense, when people from Chungnam call out “Chungnam,” what does it mean? It’s not Chungnam; it becomes Cheonnam. The character for ‘heaven’ (天), right? “Yes.” If you say ‘loyal’ (忠), it combines with ‘middle’ (中) and ‘heart’ (心), which is loyalty. What does that mean? Where will you place your heart? Will you place it outside of Daejeon? Where will you place it? “In heaven.” That’s right. Because you place it in heaven, what does it become? “Cheonnam.” What is Cheonnam? “Cheonnyeo. Cheonjeon.” Cheonjeon (天田), that’s even better. (Laughter) When it becomes Cheonjeon, and heavenly beings sing and dance, creating a joyful scene, it will become a center where people from all over the world come to see, and the people of Chungnam will be happy. Would that be good? “Yes.” If that can happen, I might support Chungnam on behalf of Korea.
Do you like to receive support or not? “I like it.” Do you like to receive support? “Yes.” Since you like to receive support, I was going to talk about something else today, but since you like it, I should praise that, so let’s all listen together.
To say you receive support means you are indebted. (Laughter) No one in this world likes to be indebted. Even a piglet doesn’t like it. (Laughter) If your mother and father, or your siblings are all living at home, do they welcome someone who is always indebted to them? “They treat them poorly.” They treat them poorly. Among the members of the Unification Church in Daejeon, do they say, “Ah, welcome! You are a model central figure in our church”? “No.” Then the entire congregation of Daejeon dislikes that person.
Also, among the people of the Republic of Korea, if there’s someone who always tries to be indebted to the government, running around here and there, being cunning, does the government like that? “No.” Why don’t they like it? Do they like it? “No.” They don’t like it, do they? “No.” So who should decide this? I said the government likes it, and you said you don’t like it, but it seems like God is on my side, (Laughter) but when it comes to judging with truth, even God cannot do it. That’s why we need truth. That’s why the country needs laws as the criteria for all judgments. We need laws established as representative standards of truth.
Similarly, since the facts are like that, they cannot move in front of the facts. Therefore, I tell you that in the first round in Daejeon, I lost. Doesn’t that feel good? (Laughter) The winner feels good, right? They will feel good. Do you feel good? “Yes.” However, in the second round, you cannot help but admit that you lost to me. All these people lost. Why did they lose? Because they like being indebted, they lost miserably. (Laughter) Is there any excuse for that? There isn’t.
God is a good person, but He doesn’t like those who are always indebted, asking for favors in the name of His son, day and night. Is that right or wrong? “Wrong.” It’s wrong. Then, let’s leave aside the so-called holy people of the world. Even if it’s a stray dog, we need to understand. Let’s not call it a stray dog; let’s call it a Sapsal dog. Even if you look at a puppy, if there’s a puppy that always comes to ask for favors while eating deliciously, do you like that puppy? “Eat well, eat.” Right? “Woof woof.” (Laughter) From that, we can see that even puppies dislike those who are indebted. Then what about ants? Respond to that. What about ants? Would ants like it? “No.” It’s the same.
If you look at it this way, even if we leave aside animals, what about plants? It’s the same.
Why do they all dislike being indebted? You need to understand that. There’s no way for an indebted being to prosper or do well. An indebted being has no eternal life; it’s destined to perish. This is the principle of heaven.
That’s why the members of Daejeon, on this good day of the third round, when the teacher says he will help, should have said, “Ah, that’s good.” Did you respond well or poorly? “Poorly.”
Then, if there are three types of people: those who are indebted, those who live without being indebted, and those who make others indebted, which type do you think is the best? “Those who make others indebted.” You need to understand this. Those who make others indebted become the owners and the center; that’s the principle of heaven. Do you understand? “Yes.”
Those who are in debt become servants, but those who make others indebted become owners.
is not a matter of hiding. It is not a violation. It is how it is.

When you pray in the established church today... it would be a violation if established church pastors were present, but let’s ask for understanding and say a word! When established church members pray, they say, “God, please bless our sons and daughters with heavenly blessings and all blessings. Let them become the richest in Daejeon, become famous judges and prosecutors in South Korea, and let them become the best president, and let them become everything.” Such prayers, even if prayed a million times, do not please God. Praying to be indebted to God is not heard by Him. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” I have researched and found that it is so.

When you say to God, “God, please give me strength. I will work for Your will, for the nation You seek, and for the world,” then God thinks, “Ah, that person is useful.” However, if you pray for yourself and for your own sake, no matter how much you pray, it is just a hollow sound. Do not pray like that. God dislikes those who want to be indebted to Him. Such people, even if they are raised, will ruin heaven and block the paths of many people and cannot establish the heavenly way. However, when you pray for God and sacrifice yourself in prayer, saying, “I need this to make others indebted to me. I need this to owe it to You,” then God thinks, “Oh, that person is useful…” Therefore, those who make others indebted become historical owners, while those who are indebted become historical servants; this is the principle of heaven. Even if you forget everything today, if you just remember this simple statement, everything will be resolved. Do you understand? “Yes.”

What kind of husband is a true husband? A true husband is someone who always cares for his wife and always makes her indebted to him. He is a giver. Because the true is eternal, and the true is eternal, once he starts to act, he does not stop that action; once he starts to give, he intends to give forever. That is what is real. Does that seem right to you? “Yes.” What kind of husband is that? Is a husband like that of the singing ladies? Is that so, or not so? “That is so.” Is that so? “Yes.” Then happily? (Laughter)

But if you say, “Only the husband is like that. I came to get love from my husband when I got married. Being loved is my duty; I do not know how to care for my husband. I do not want to make my husband indebted,” then what happens? You take one and put it in, take another and put it in, and then when you get divorced, you plan to pack your things and leave… (Laughter) Is such a wife a true wife? “No.” That is ridiculous and fake. The fake goes under the shadow. It must disappear.

You think it is good if your husband loves you, right? Do not think that way. Keep making your husband indebted. Even in bed, do not sleep and make him indebted; try to make him indebted in your daily life as well. Then the husband cannot move and cannot help but follow where you go. That is how it works, right? Is that right? (Laughter) Where are the women? Is that right? Is that so? You should ask the noble ladies respectfully. Is that right or not? “That is right.” That is right.

Therefore, there is no nation that thrives by being indebted. South Korea cannot thrive by being indebted. A person who is indebted but has the confidence and belief that they will repay a hundredfold can still have hope, but if they say, “Ah, I do not know about repaying. I am indebted because I need it now,” that is about half a thief. Therefore, no one likes such people. Do you understand? “Yes.”

Now, I will ask you, Chungnam is the center of Korea and a good place, but I have some money. So if I give about 100 million won to build a church here in the central area, would you accept it or not? “I would not accept it.” (Laughter) Then conversely, if you say, “Oh, teacher, forget the 100 million. We will give you about 100 million,” what would you do? “I would give it.” If you say that, then I do not want to be indebted either. “I will not accept it either.” Then what happens? If you say you will give and I say I will not accept it, and a fight breaks out, then you can distribute it to the people of Chungnam who are watching. Then that organization cannot fail. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.”

Therefore, parents with dutiful children should not boast about having dutiful children. A king with loyal subjects should not boast about having loyal subjects. What does that mean? What should you boast about? You should not boast only about loyal subjects being loyal to you, but you should educate them to be loyal to the people as they are loyal to you. Only then can you become a sage king. Parents should educate their dutiful sons, saying, “Just as you are dutiful to me, be dutiful to your brothers, your neighbors, and this community. That is greater than the duty you do for me.” If they do that, they become qualified parents who can receive the duty of a dutiful child. Do you understand what I mean? Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.”

The attitude of a Unification Church member is to not be indebted anywhere and to want to make others indebted.

If I say I am the Reverend Moon of the Unification Church, the first-time visitor might think, “Does he say he is the Reverend Moon of the Unification Church? What kind of rudeness is that?” Why is that? Public names should be elevated. Isn’t that right? Like Minister Kim, right? It is the same. Do not take that negatively.

Now, our Daejeon members came, and they heard the content of the district leader’s prayer. How was it? Did they pray well? “They prayed well.” Just because they prayed well, do not boast that I pray well. You should not do that. When they prayed, they prayed with the utmost love representing all of you nationwide. Did you all hear that? “Yes.” They prayed with love representing the whole nation, but when you ask if they truly love, what is your answer? True love is not one-sided. It must connect in all directions. Is true love one-sided or multi-directional? “It is multi-directional.” This is a crosswise connection. It can connect up and down and in all directions. If you come to the Unification Church and see that everyone is saying they love and care for the Reverend Moon, but they cannot love among themselves, then that is a problem. Do you understand? “Yes.”

The Reverend Moon came here today, and I do not want to be indebted to you. I do not want to be indebted to the sincere effort you put in. Instead, I want you to share that love. Love each other as you love me, and love all of Chungnam as you love me. Go beyond this, across the three thousand ri peninsula, beyond South Korea, beyond Asia, and spread to the whole world, and then come back and settle in Daejeon. That is the kind of love I want. Do you understand? In the end, it is to love humanity.

Also, if you want to love the Reverend Moon because you think he is great, love God above the Reverend Moon, because God is above the Reverend Moon. Since the Reverend Moon is one person among humanity, and he is receiving love within God’s realm of love, if that is the case, you will naturally come to love the Reverend Moon. Isn’t that a good feeling? Why do you have such a strange face? (Laughter) Do you think the Reverend Moon’s words are wrong? “They are right.” I was worried thinking I was wrong… (Laughter) It is not wrong.

Therefore, the Unification Church develops even if it is criticized. Why does it develop? Because Reverend Moon has established the principle that he does not owe anything to South Korea. Even if I die, I will not be indebted. The Unification Church itself has the principle of not being indebted to the nation and making others indebted.

Also, I say I do not owe you anything. While the world thinks that I exploit and live a luxurious life, that is all a lie. It is a blatant lie. If you ask Unification Church members, they will tell you that it is a blatant lie. It is so absurdly false that it cannot be described.

I am the person who hates being indebted the most. Throughout my life, even during my imprisonment and various life circumstances, I have repaid what I owed, but this year, I have reconsidered and if I owe anything, I will repay it a hundredfold. Therefore, I instructed to pay up to several million won. If I owe in money, I must repay in money, and if I owe in heart, and if the parents are not there, I must go to their descendants and repay them with gratitude. One cannot boast while being indebted. Do you understand? “Yes.”

When I pour out insults in front of you, I say, “You scoundrels.” I should not have said such things, but I say, “You scoundrels.” The reason I pour out insults is that I owe a lot. Have you owed anything to the Reverend Moon? “Yes, a lot.” The first-time visitors might not know. They cannot enter the circle, so they do not know, but those who have entered the Unification Church group owe debts to the Reverend Moon that they cannot repay. Is that true? “Yes.” Is that really true? “Yes.” Repay your debts. (Laughter) If it were the world, they would tighten their necks and drag you like a dog to collect that debt, but even though I have incurred debts, I want to incur more debts. This is the mindset. Do you understand what I mean?

If you have incurred debts like that, when will you collect? I do not know about collecting. If you want to repay what you have received… then repay it to future generations, keeping it for a thousand years. If you play this game, the Unification Church will develop silently for a thousand years. This is the mindset of the Unification Church. No matter how much the established church prays for Reverend Moon to die for thirty years, with thousands of pastors and elders, or millions of established church members cursing and pouring out all kinds of insults, I have survived. Isn’t that right? (Laughter) Isn’t that so?

Unification Church members must have a clearer sense of purpose and work harder than established church members.

I will not lose to anyone in wrestling. I was the wrestling champion in high school. I can do any sport, including high jumping and boxing. A bad person might say, “When you say ‘dough,’ it rolls over when you say ‘hook.’” I trained for that. Why? It is not to fight. It is because I have a conviction that I want to make a great revolution, to correct the world and create a world of peace that aligns with heavenly principles.

I have chapped lips. Does that make you feel good? “It hurts my heart.” What hurts? (Laughter) If a woman says that, it is insulting. Look at the general people, the first-time visitors. If a young woman sees that the Reverend Moon has chapped lips, she might say, “Oh, that’s too bad,” but why would she say, “It hurts my heart”? Did your husband’s chapped lips hurt your heart? (Laughter) If you cannot answer, then there must be some story behind that… (Laughter)

From that perspective, being indebted leads to ruin. Being indebted means becoming a servant. You must bow your head. Those who make others indebted become owners, even if they say they do not want to be owners. They create owners. Even if they say they do not want to be responsible, they become responsible. Therefore, today, the Reverend Moon of the Unification Church in America… Is it okay to talk about this? This is precious talk. Since I mentioned it, I will say that in America… there is no one who does not know Reverend Moon. He has become famous. Do you understand? “Yes.” It is not just a good feeling.

There is no greater sin than being famous. Wherever you go, even in a restroom, people will grab you and say, “Give me a lecture.” What is this? “Are you Reverend Moon?” Even on an airplane, it is embarrassing… When three people talk, they point fingers and gossip about this and that… I do not know if there are people who like that, but we do not like it. Without a name, without a name…

When beautiful flowers bloom in the flower garden, if they bloom in a way that spreads rumors to passing children, grandmothers, and grandfathers, how long will those flowers last? If they bloom beautifully in a garden where no one knows, and even if people do not know how to see the flowers, those who can appreciate the fragrance will find them, and even if they bloom in the shade, butterflies will come to those flowers, and I like that. Isn’t that wonderful?

I do not like being famous. But I have become famous. Now, how did I become famous? I became famous for good reasons, and then I became famous for bad reasons. The bad fame was given by established church members, and the good fame was given by Unification Church members. (Laughter) If you look at it that way, in terms of numbers, the established church has more members than the Unification Church. The number of Unification Church members is small, but I think they are clear water while the others are muddy water. Saying this might upset established church members, but I think it is okay to think that way.

Why is that? Just looking at Daejeon, one person from the Unification Church can handle ten people from the established church. Will ten people be able to handle it? Can they handle it or not? “They can handle it.” If there is someone among Unification Church members who is condemned by established church members, that person is my enemy. In terms of speech, behavior, all public matters, and patriotism for the country, even if they cannot do everything, they are still a little better than established church members. (Laughter) Those who do not understand that can be fine not to understand. Quick-witted people should understand. What does it mean to be a little better? That is what I mean. (Laughter) Is that right or not? “That is right.” When you look into the eyes of Unification Church members, their eyes sparkle and there is something penetrating. They already have a clear sense of purpose. Isn’t that right? “Yes.” And our ladies too? “Yes.” When the husband makes a mistake, it is our ladies who have the confidence to lead the husband back on track, right? “Yes.” That is how it should be, that is how it should be. If the district leader here makes a mistake, it is our ladies who have the boldness to tighten the district leader’s tie or belt and say, “This is how it should be.” That is the women of the Unification Church. Isn’t that right? “Yes.” So listen carefully. (Laughter)

Also, when the Reverend Moon makes a mistake, our ladies should have the boldness to attack and correct the wrongs, just like firing a machine gun, right? “Yes.” Isn’t that so? You answer well. (Laughter) That is what I mean. I am not saying not to do that. When the Reverend Moon makes a mistake, he should be able to say, “I am sorry,” and always be like that. In the world, even if someone has made a serious mistake, they often stubbornly insist on their point, which I see as duller and more foolish than twilight. When the day of reckoning comes, even if I am the overall leader of the Unification Church, I will raise my hand without hesitation. Do you understand? Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.”

Therefore, we must not lose to established church members. Do you understand? “Yes.” If established church members sleep for eight hours, then Unification Church members, who like big things, should sleep for ten hours, right? “No.” (Laughter) Why? Why, why? How many hours will you sleep? If they sleep for eight hours, you should sleep for seven hours, 59 minutes, and 59 seconds, not a second less. Even if you eat with a large bowl, Unification Church members…
When you enter the meeting, the members of established churches should eat from a smaller bowl than the smallest bowl they have. Is that good? Established church members play, so we should play even more? "No." We should play less.

Established church members do everything they can to fill their own bellies and to receive their salaries, but our Unification Church members work not for themselves but for others, so working for eight hours is not enough. We should work ten hours or eight hours; which is better? "Ten hours." That's the mindset.

The Unification Church has developed despite being crowded and opposed. Today in America, the issue presented by the teacher is, "I will not owe anything to that vast America. When I go to that land, I will bring hundreds of millions of dollars." Wouldn't it be nice if that was brought to Korea? "No." To the poor Unification Church members in Korea who can't even eat barley rice and are struggling... These days, I have supported the building of churches, and churches have been built, but in the past, we were crowded and faced discrimination. So, it may seem like a beggar appearing at the door, but in this country, to correct the nation's path and to rectify the heavenly way, I may be the one who carries the responsibility of heaven's justice and marches with the heavenly mandate. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

As someone named Moon from the Unification Church, I have heard all sorts of rumors about being a heretic or a cult. However, you must know that those who wrongly insulted someone named Moon will end up having to change their bundles. I am, in fact, a formidable person. It may sound strange to say this, but I am a formidable person. I may be hated, but I do not hate that person. Sometimes, in the spiritual world, there is a command that says, "Just wait a few months and see what happens at so-and-so's house, or so-and-so pastor's house." When you wait and see, oh! Three generations are completely wiped out. I don't know why that happens. All the established church pastors who have thoroughly opposed me until now have passed away, right? These days, going to the spiritual world, that must be quite shocking. They thought they could do that to someone named Moon, but when it doesn't work out, they fall under heavenly law. Ten years of study turns into nothing. Isn't that right?

In that sense, America has also fallen into a trap. They all say to oppose. Not just the American people, but the 4 billion people of humanity are told to oppose. Even if they oppose, I have the confidence to push forward boldly against that opposition. Do you understand? "Yes." With what? (Applause) Applause should be given when you sleep, think about it. Don't do it now; do it when you lie down at night. There's no time. (Laughter) With what? This person named Moon does not owe anything to America; if I owe anything, I owe nothing to America. This determines all victories and defeats. During those three years, I shed tears for America, stayed up all night for America, and did things that even the American president could not do, and things that no American citizen could do. For the future fate of America, I prayed as if turning a dial and matching everything as it passed by.

I did not incur any material debts either. I bought a palace-like house in East Garden, paying $720,000 in cash with my own hands. With the money I brought. However, I did not bring Korean money. Even now, if needed, I can gather tens of billions of won. Do you believe that? "Yes." I am not someone who wants to be in debt. It would be better for me to die than to do that. How pathetic is a man who goes into a neighborhood and lives in debt? No matter how pathetic a man is, does he live in debt to his wife? How pathetic must I be as the leader of the Unification Church to live in debt to these young people? I am not that kind of foolish man. Because of this, I believe the fight has already been decided. Do you think it has been decided or not? The more we fight, the greater Reverend Moon will become than any saint. The more this name becomes known to the world, the more this fact will be revealed, and when that happens, they will come with their families to introduce themselves to me. That is why no one who has struck down such a person, treated them poorly, has gone unpunished or has not perished.

When looking at the country, the person who tries to burden the nation more than anyone else is called a loyalist. That is called a patriot. Those who oppose that patriot or loyalist will surely become servants of that loyalist's family when the time comes for that family to be praised. This is how it is.

That is why I did not start a losing battle. It may seem like I am cornered, but I am fighting a winning battle, which is why the conclusion that the Unification Church has developed while being opposed is theoretically established. Do you understand? "Yes." I am still the same. Even if I go to England, I have my house and my car there. Wherever I go in the world, I have laid the foundation so that I will not feel uncomfortable anymore. Who laid that foundation? Did you lay it for me? "No." I laid it with my own hands. I paid for the foundation in England, and I paid for the foundation in Germany. I am also laying the foundation in America with my own hands, through my blood and sweat. No matter how great a person is, when they enter the Unification Church, they will be moved to tears and bow their heads in gratitude to my commands and instructions; they cannot do otherwise.

And all those young people who have gone to hundreds of countries feel the same way. I live in a good house in America. In a country like Korea, if I were to live in a good house, there would be too many burdens, so I do not live there. America is a capitalist country and a leading nation of the democratic world, so can I manage those well-off people with a thatched house? When they ride horses, I have to ride a better horse, and when they come out in cars... So, I have two Lincoln limousines in my house. I have eight luxury cars. When I make a grand entrance... Recently, university professors from Korea came, and have they ever ridden in such cars? So, I mobilized all the cars and made a grand entrance on the streets of New York, and the Americans passing by all stopped and said, "Oh my goodness..." (Laughter) Did that feel bad or good? "Good." It seems they felt good. "This is exciting." (Laughter) Ah, they thought that in America, an Asian person would be in a dire situation, but Reverend Moon came and laid this foundation, so they thought, "Wow, this is nice." The phrase "anyway" means "I have heard bad rumors, but..." (Laughter) Anyway, it feels good. When something feels better than the rumors, it is impossible not to side with the Unification Church. Isn't that right? "That's right."

The absolute standard of justice cannot be crushed by anything.
Also, all of you who came to the Unification Church today will feel the same way. Let's see a show of hands from those who are hearing my words for the first time, if you don't mind. There must be many. They have made such a fuss about Mr. Moon... Last year, on the Day of Hope, there was a great celebration, and it caused a stir not only in America but around the world.

Now, if a Korean person were to do that... Have you ever heard that someone I raised committed robbery? Have you heard that? "No." Have you heard that someone committed theft? "No." Have you heard that someone was assaulted? "No." If that were the case, that would be enough. If the people under the leader who commands thousands and tens of thousands are not those kinds of people, that would be enough. The communists, even if they are just ten people, commit terrorism and do all sorts of things. We have thousands and tens of thousands, but we do not engage in such acts, so overall, this is seen as a good thing, regardless of the circumstances. Do you understand? "Yes."

Such battles may unfold, but in the end, Reverend Moon's strategy will lead America to be swept away. When Nixon got involved, I... If he had just listened to me, things would have turned out well. If he had extended it by just six months, it would have been fine, but he was unfortunate and ended up like that. He had completely set up a program to cause problems in American politics, but he ended up like that... Recently, he went to China and... He has broken all the treasures, and now he is going around patching things up.

Now that Nixon has been ousted, if Nixon had been there, the Vietnam situation would not have turned out like this. The American people know that. Nixon made mistakes, but if he had stood in the position of "love and forgive," as Reverend Moon says, America could not be in such a shameful position. As time goes on, more and more people will feel, "If we had followed Reverend Moon's words, America would not have ended up like this." Therefore, you must understand that the absolute standard of justice that has been established cannot be crushed by any nation or any individual or organization.

That is why the American public is very interested in Reverend Moon. Among the things I have done, there are many records in the American congressional records; do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Yet, despite this, the established church... Let's talk about it. Those pastors and elders in the corners of Daejeon, what are they? They are just doing this and that for the sake of food and salaries. If they continue like that, they will perish. A pastor who seeks a salary will perish. Have you ever heard Reverend Moon ask for a salary? Have you ever heard me say, "Give me a salary"? "No." You have not heard it, and you have never given it either. Instead, you have owed me a lot, right? "Yes." That is why you like me. Even if I tell you not to like me, you cannot help but like me, and when you truly like me, you cannot help but like me even more. So, you end up liking me more than your own parents, more than your own husbands, and that causes problems. Bad rumors arise. Isn't that so? Ladies, let me ask you. Don't you want to follow me around and live your life? "Yes." Look at this. This is no small matter. (Laughter) What do you think would happen if I asked the established church pastors, "Can your church members follow you around and love you to death?"? "They can follow." (Laughter)

The Unification Church is not a group that steals established church members.
Now, speaking of fame, is Han Kyung-jik from Korea more famous than I am? Globally? "No." Who in Korea is as famous as I am? "No one." That would be enough. As a poor person in this trash can called Korea, it is just like feeling jealous when a neighbor buys a field.

Am I asking the established church for food, or am I insulting the established church pastors? Am I hitting those who are just standing still? Is the one who is harmed a good person, or is the one who causes harm a good person? "The one who is harmed." So, are the established church members good people, or are the Unification Church members good people? "Unification Church." That is automatic. Ask the people. Ask the ignorant laborers on the street, "Is the one who causes harm a good person, or is the one who is harmed a good person?"

Has our Unification Church suffered because of the established church? "Yes." Then, has the established church suffered because of the Unification Church? "No." They say they have suffered. "Why are you taking our members?" But I am not the kind of person who steals members. Even if they come, I say, "Go, go." If you chase them out the front door, they will come in the back door; what can you do? (Laughter) That is to cause harm, what is it?

If you lock both doors, they will climb over the wall at night. They are treated as thieves and are chased out by the established church. Do the Unification Church members understand that situation? "Yes." Didn't you come to believe in the Unification Church while being opposed? Why do you follow Reverend Moon despite being insulted? "It's still good." (Laughter) So they say I am crazy; they say I am crazy. (Laughter)

The one thing I have not incurred debt to the Unification Church members. Whether I think about it at night or during the day... I am not the kind of man who stands on this platform with a guilty conscience. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Whether I think about it at night or during the day... I am like that now. Now that I have a good house and am living well, I have nothing to envy in the world. When people see me, do they see Moon as having succeeded, or do they see him as having not succeeded? Is there anyone who sees me as having not succeeded? Thousands, tens of thousands of people, especially Koreans...

Because the teacher has paved the way like this, our leaders also find it very easy to go around these days. When I go to America, if I say, "Any leader is going," they bring the rice cake car and treat me like an elder. Then they take me to a good house, to the guesthouse. It is good wherever I go. It is good now. (Laughter) Our young ladies and gentlemen of the Unification Church... Now is the time to play this game in the world. Since we have entered the global era, the Unification Church has reached that stage.

So, when I look at our young ladies, I see... I am also a Korean man. What hope is there for Korean men? Even in Chungcheongnam-do... Well, I shouldn't say bad things after saying good things, but that can happen. Just like when a person stands, there is a shadow, let’s say one thing.

Once people know about the Unification Church's joint marriage ceremony, everyone will want to participate.
"Why don't you do it for people from Chungnam, but do it for people from Hamgyeong-do, Gyeongsang-do, and Jeolla-do?" They were scolding me like that. But these days, it’s really nice. When I go to my in-laws' house, I take them by plane, and they say, "Wow, this is...". Where would a country person have the chance to ride a plane? With such things happening, people say, "That Reverend Moon knows a bit about the world." (Laughter) That's how it is.

These days, the people who used to oppose it... In the past, they would come to Unification Church weddings and shout, "Kill them, beat them!" But now they say, "If you join the Unification Church, you can have a joint wedding!" This has already become a letter of approval. Isn’t that right? "Yes." "How can a noble child from Chungnam have a joint wedding?" But a joint wedding isn't a bad thing. Just look at the photos. If a man is born and can't have such a wedding, that would be a lifelong regret. Have you seen the photos? "Yes." They are grand, majestic, and sacred. Do you understand? "Yes." That's how it is.

It’s no wonder. I know a man named Sasakawa in Japan, who is the president of a company and one of the top three chaebols. His son came to the 430 couples joint wedding and said, "I will also apply for a joint wedding in the Unification Church." (Laughter) Would he have said that because he liked it or because he disliked it? "He liked it." 

Now, living in the countryside without knowing any better... Now that we are flying around, would we want to walk? That won’t do. If you have already given birth to sons and daughters, how holy would it be to travel around the world without spending money? Right, elders? "That's right." (Laughter) So our young ladies now...

If they understand the Unification Church ideology, Westerners will want to become Easterners. From now on... When we get past the 1970s... Recently, in America, there has been a trend because the teacher has become famous, leading to increased interest in Korea. Recently, the established churches said, "Oh, Reverend Moon is going abroad and causing disruptions in national diplomacy," and they have been spreading all kinds of malicious propaganda against us. But rather, because of Reverend Moon, there is more interest in Korea.

Looking at the young people of the Unification Church... There are many fine men in America. Our young ladies, when you see them, their faces are as flat as a pancake, right? (Laughter) When you look at them, they are all... and why are they so round? Because I have seen many ethnicities from various countries, I am skilled in ethnic selection. Just like there are selectors for male and female chicks. I can already tell at a glance that I have the ability to discern ethnic feelings.

What surprised me when I came here is, "Oh my, why are the women's faces so wide?" (Laughter) Western men are also good to women. This is a side note, but the Hanseon Dance Troupe is going to America, and I quietly called the women and asked them. There was a twenty-seven-year-old maiden there. I asked her, "Hey, you're twenty-seven now, but you couldn't join the 1800 couples wedding before. What will you do now? You’ll have to wait another three years... So, would you rather marry a Korean or an American or a Westerner?" She couldn't speak and looked at the American... (Laughter) "You have something in your heart. Speak up." And she said, "Ah, an American." I was surprised to see that. So I asked, "Is it just you?" Then they whispered among themselves, "So-and-so feels the same way. So-and-so feels the same way." And it turned out there were only a few left. They all said they would marry an American. So, Korean men are in big trouble now. (Laughter) How will they find wives in the future from the Unification Church?

Next, when American men get married... I currently have about twenty guards. Do you know what a guard does? "Yes." What does a guard do? They are guards. I have about twenty guards. If we don’t have sentinels, the communists will invade, so we receive support from the police... They protect Reverend Moon in that country. Do you understand? They serve very well.

Because I have become so famous, smart journalists... All the famous newspapers and magazines in the country, like the New York Times, Daily News, and Washington Post, when they meet me, they become heroes among journalists. This can be a business opportunity. And it also makes me more famous. I haven’t even done an interview with anyone until now. Do you understand?

Now, I need to gather good-looking, knowledgeable, and well-educated people. So when you go and see those foreign young people, you will think they are really great. When you see those who come to our East Garden, we held a joint wedding last year. So, we don’t know when there will be another wedding like this, but when the teacher asked, "Which country’s women do you want to marry?" the first choice for American men is Korea. Are the men feeling good or bad? "Bad." (Laughter) Now, how do our women feel? Is it good or bad? "Good." Look at that. (Laughter) Then what is the second choice? Japan, because the Japanese families go out and do exemplary work. And what is the third choice? America. This is a big deal. So, the Unification Church ideology is such that Americans will change and want to become Easterners. Isn’t that intense?

That’s why Eastern water is more intense than Western water. Eastern ideology is more intense than Western ideology. When we talk about Eastern ideology, whose ideology is it? It’s the ideology of Korean Teacher Moon! Why is Teacher Moon intense? What kind of ideology is Teacher Moon’s? It’s the ideology of God, and it can only be the best.

Now, this is a big deal. All the men want to marry Korean women. And what about American women? "Who do you want to marry?" "A Korean man..." (Laughter) Now, do our bachelors here have confidence to marry Western women? Do you have it or not? "No." You don’t? If not, you’re not a bachelor but a single man. (Laughter) This is a big problem.

If you’re going to be in debt, be in debt of love. 

So, in the future, if I marry someone, a prince will also emerge from our Unification Church members. A king will emerge. That’s right. Among the American Indians, there are also our members among the chiefs. Because of all this, many leaders will emerge. Among the sons of wealthy families, there are also our members. There are many now. Millionaires are everywhere. They are all smart, intelligent, and educated people.

If these people all marry Korean brides, will they live in America or Korea? "In Korea." Why? If the teacher is in America, they will follow the teacher and live in America, but when the teacher comes to Korea, Americans will absolutely want to live in Korea. Will they want to? Will they not? "They will." They will absolutely want to live there. Do you understand? So just wait and see. In the future, those who marry foreigners will have a lot of money, so they can live lavishly and adjust their in-laws' house accordingly. But those who opposed it, just wait and see. There’s a saying that a dog chasing a chicken looks up at the roof, right? While opposing and following along, saying, "Hey, don’t go. Don’t go." (Laughter) That could happen. By then, it will already be too late.

So, our young ladies and gentlemen must be sharp and have a global perspective. Why? Because in love, if someone says they will only love Koreans, they can only be nationalists. When you say you will love the world, you are joining the ranks of saints. Jesus was born in the Jewish nation, but if all the kings of all nations had honored Jesus, he would have certainly gathered the representative youth of that nation to become disciples. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be seen as the savior who would save the world. Do you understand? "Yes."

That’s why our Korean people, in loving the world, should not say they want to be loved by the world, but on the day they can openly love the world... Grandparents, whether black, white, or yellow, if you mix all the races together, everyone will like it because love is love. On the day we only incur the debt of love, that nation will lead the world forever. Do you think that’s good or bad? "Good." Do you think it’s possible? "Yes." Until now, I’ve said a lot. The one who incurs debt becomes the owner, and then becomes the responsible person.

So why don’t Korean young ladies and gentlemen want to get married? They already owe a debt to the teacher. Because they owe a debt, even if they marry someone Korean, the way to repay that debt... The teacher doesn’t like repaying debts, so they will inevitably love their spouse more than anyone else! Is that so, or not? "That’s right." Is that so? "Yes." Is there any disagreement? "No." 

Coming to Chungcheongnam-do, where the noble people live, and saying such things may be rude, but in ten or twenty years, there will come a time when people will say, "Ah! That was good." So even if you feel sad, I hope you can hold it in and not make faces that show you don’t want to see. (Laughter) Do you understand? "Yes." Then you have to understand. Do you understand? "Yes." I still haven’t lost my mind. Do you understand? "Yes (very loudly)!" When you treat someone well, it may seem small, but now when I say, "Do you understand?" and you say "Yes," that’s a good thing. When you raise someone up, they don’t like it, but when you lower them, they like it. That’s how it is. Do you understand? "Yes." That’s right. (Laughter)

So from that perspective, if we are in Daejeon, Chungcheongnam-do... If you are a farmer, I’m saying that if I am farming and I say I will incur debt from the farming land, and I will sweat to harvest there, that’s more like a thief's mindset. Do you understand what I mean? When you sit on the land and weed, if you think, "Hey, I will incur a debt of love to you, and I will go like this," then the farming will do well even without fertilizer. Do you understand? "Yes." The grass and flowers need to hear music. That’s how it is now. If you go to a certain flower garden in America, they play music day and night, and that’s theoretically correct. They play great music in the flower garden day and night, and when you ask, "Why is that?" they say, "Oh, flowers like music..." They need to grow well. Do you understand? It’s the same.

If you love music, you should center around the person who made the music, and when that person loves people centered around love, when you sit on the land and love the grass, how much will that land love you back? The person who wants to incur a debt to the land is a diligent farmer, a good farmer. Of course, they will be a diligent farmer, and then they will become a good farmer. So, families that eat and live off what comes from there will absolutely not get sick. That’s what I think. When you grow up eating that, you won’t get sick. No matter how hungry you are, even if you peel the skin of a melon as thin as a balloon, you will digest it. Just try it. (Laughter) Why do you keep laughing? (Laughter)

When you speak, you have to say something stimulating. Do you understand? "Yes." That’s how it will stick in your impression, so peeling the skin of a melon as thin as a balloon... (Laughter) That’s why I say such things. Since I have guided many young people, the time for grandmothers and grandfathers to tell cozy stories has passed. To match the spirit of young people, I end up saying these stimulating things. Is that reasonable? "Yes." Right? "Right." (Laughter)

The only way to repay a debt is to give more heart than you received.

Now, who here doesn’t like to incur debt? Those who live with this philosophy will never go bankrupt. This is the most important education among your children, and the most important ideology before the nation and people. If all the people of the world had this ideology, the world would become a paradise on earth. Think about it, is it possible or not? The issue is simple. Don’t incur debt with your eyes, don’t incur debt with your nose, don’t incur debt with your ears, don’t incur debt at all.

At this moment, you are in debt to the teacher. Am I in debt to you? "We are in debt to you." Yes, you are in debt. Since you are all in debt, repay it before heaven and earth. For the big things... To you, the teacher is one person, just one person. Don’t repay just one person, but repay before the world and heaven and earth. This kind of ideology will remain as the main ideology even if history changes. This is what God loves the most.

So who is God? When all Western people are about to die, they say, "Oh, God!" Parents gave birth to them and raised them, but when they are about to die, they seek God, and everyone knows that, right? "Yes." Even if a noble person from Chungcheong-do doesn’t know God, they know that much. Why do they seek God? Because God is the source of blessings. He is the source of everything. He is also the center and the owner. How is that so? Because God is the one who never incurs debt. You need to understand that. Do you understand? "Yes."

God does not want to incur debt to the human world but wants to erase debts, so we must always center around that God. Our conscience knows that we must honor God according to the heavenly principles. God always wants to be the owner. Do you understand? "Yes."

If you have a religion, what should religious people do? They should not live for themselves. They are not people who live for themselves. They are people who live for others. Those who come to church to incur debts are all enemies, enemies. Even those who come to the Unification Church shouldn’t try to incur debts. I myself say that. Don’t try to incur debts by following the Unification Church. If you hear good words, share those words. Share them before all people. The big debt I owe is... Since the teacher is in America, I cannot repay the debt. Since I can’t, the only way to repay the debt is to give more than I received, adding my heart to it. When I received, I didn’t put my sincerity into it, but when I give, I must add my sincerity to it. Then God will regard that blessing, that giving, that debt as good.

In front of the members of the Unification Church, if I have incurred that debt, when I speak of the principles, there is no talk of paying taxes to Teacher Moon. If you have received enough of the principle to open it, the fastest way to repay is to add your heart to what you received. Do you understand? "Yes." Not only that, but if I received it alone, I should share it with many people. Why? Because God wants to incur debts before many people, and if I stand as a distributor, helping God’s work, I will be remembered in heaven.
So, are you saying to rest after listening to the words, or to evangelize? 
"Evangelize." What does that mean? "It's about repaying a debt." Repaying a debt, you say. If someone has given to ten people, and then that one person has the ten people agree to repay that person's debt, then that debt cannot be automatically received by heaven. 
I learned something good, right? Isn't that so? 
The Bible also says something like that, right? There was a servant who was forgiven his debt, but when he went out, he forced everyone who owed him to repay him. It says that he urged them to repay everything, even with interest, for what was forgiven. It’s the same principle. Do you understand? "Yes." The Bible teaches that even a cup of water given to the least of these will not be in vain. That is the secret of repaying debts. 

Sow blood, sweat, and tears for humanity
Do you want to see the teacher? "Yes." Do you love the teacher? "Yes." Then, want to see your neighbors. Want to see the members of the Unification Church. That is more precious than wanting to see the teacher. If you want to love the teacher, then love your neighbors. That is more blessed than loving the teacher. It is helping the teacher's work and helping God's work. You become a direct servant of God and a direct servant of the teacher. Do you understand? "Yes." 
Running around day and night, north, south, east, and west… If someone walked around until their rubber shoes had holes, their socks were worn out, and their soles were bleeding, just to give that, they would undoubtedly become a son that God remembers. If they shed their blood and life, and then? "Tears." Tears, and then what? "Sweat." Sweat. These three things—blood, sweat, and tears. If all of this is shed for others, then when one drop of sweat is sown, it means that a thousand drops of sweat are shed for me. That’s what it means when debts are cleared. If I shed tears, those tears will be multiplied a thousandfold to shed for me. Do you understand? "Yes." 
If there is no way to repay that, and if that thought is inherited and acted upon towards neighbors, people, and humanity, then when many people become that way because of one person's motivation, God will repay all the blessings for the results of that through that lineage. That’s how it works. Do you understand? "Yes." 
So, even though our Unification Church has been condemned in Korea… The entire Republic of Korea condemned it, the whole nation condemned it, and the established churches condemned it for decades, did our Unification Church fail? "No, it did not fail." Why? The established churches prayed so hard and made such a fuss, yet they have become miserable. When you go to church, it’s all just old people gathering, like a waiting room for candidates to go to the cemetery. (Laughter) The Unification Church did not even call for young people, yet all the young ones are gathered here, trying to either live or die. What’s going on? 
I have also incurred debts to your ancestors. Your ancestors appear in dreams saying, "Hey, you!," appearing to their grandchildren and saying, "Hey, you! Go to the Unification Church!" They beat them up. Do you know why? Your ancestors owe me a debt. If I say this, you might think, "Where in the world is such a thing?" But they owe a debt. Check if I’m lying. Then, your clan, the people of the Republic of Korea owe me a debt. So, even the ancestors who have gone to the spirit world tell you to believe in the Unification Church, and if there is even a little doubt, they appear in dreams like lightning and teach you. Such things happen frequently, right? "Yes." It’s a strange place. What is that strangeness? It’s nothing else. It’s that they owe a debt to Teacher Moon. Your ancestors owe a debt, humanity owes a debt, and they are still in debt. Does this uncle owe me a debt too? "I owe a lot." What will you do about that? No one cares about the graves of those who died in debt. You need to understand that. Whether materially, academically, or emotionally, in all aspects, graves of those who died in debt become desolate wastelands. 
That’s why all the members gathered in Daejeon today, you came here freely until now, but you can’t leave freely now. What kind of contract must you make to leave? Isn’t that right? "Yes." Because it’s a public gathering. You came here freely, and until now you have lived freely, but what was that free living? It was all living to incur debts. Who will help me… That’s the mindset of a thief. 
If you have nothing, you should say, "Even if I die, I won’t incur a debt." If you have nothing, you can go to the neighboring town and, centered on your heart, with a good heart, comfort the needy as much as you want. Isn’t that right? Day or night, you can repay debts as much as you want. Isn’t that so? So, until now, you have lived a life of incurring debts, but what will you do from now on? "I will live a life of repaying debts." You must live a life of repaying debts. I’m saying you should live a life of repaying debts. Ah, I’m saying the most important thing, but why is there so much murmuring? That seems to be the most unpleasant thing to say. 
Now, until now, you liked to incur debts, but what will you like from now on? "Repaying debts." Then what happens? When that happens, you will prosper. When you incur debts, you will fail; that’s how it is. So, raise your hand if you like to fail. "No one." Those who like to prosper, there’s no need to ask, right? You’d raise your legs too. No one wants to fail. 
To repay debts to the Republic of Korea, I mobilized blessed families. 
So, what is the direct secret to not failing? It’s to not incur debts and to repay debts. Do you understand? "Yes." That’s why I told you, "Even if you have to leave your home, incur debts for the country. This is the way for your family to survive." Do you understand? "Yes." Even if you don’t receive love from your husband, incur debts for the country! Then that husband will find a path to success because of me. Without knowing this, you say, "Oh, where is there a woman who leaves her husband, or a mother who runs away from her children?" and you look down on it. 
Look. When I came into the 1970s, I made all these blessed families promise to live well, and then I said, "From now on, abandon your families for three years, put all your children in orphanages, and if you have relatives who are as salty as pickled radish, leave them with them and do everything for the country." That’s what I did. Was that good or bad? "It was good." Was that good or bad? "It was good." 
What was the purpose? The whole family, including husbands, wives, and children, can incur debts for this country and this nation, which means breaking apart families and fighting in front of the destiny of a nation that is approaching a state of emergency. Leaving beloved children in orphanages, or on the streets, or with relatives, and closing the door while coming out, that mother’s heart… That’s because she wants to incur debts for a greater nation. It may seem harsh and unkind to you, and a wrong path in front of your husband and parents, but it’s been made to go out. You should say, "I will not let my family incur debts; I will not let my son incur debts." So, when you incur debts for something greater, history will bend and follow that path. 
No matter how many paths there are for the Republic of Korea, I knew that it is the heavenly principle to follow this path, so I carried out such actions. I received a lot of criticism for that. Did I take it well or not? "I took it well." In that sense, I received criticism, but because of that criticism, their clans will completely kneel before me in the future. 
The babies are like that. They think their mother has abandoned them and run away, but they are doing something else. They leave their children in the North and go to the South to pioneer and enlighten. They abandon their own children and take the children of their neighbors to enlighten them, not thinking about whether they will sleep or eat, but with a heart that cares more than their own parents… 
"I, who abandoned my child, will come to this neighborhood and instill the driving force to love even more." Such actions will not go unnoticed by God if He exists. If God truly exists, the Unification Church, which has broken families, will surely live better than any wealthy family in the Republic of Korea. I knew that was the heavenly principle. If there are days when we are not prosperous, I will make it happen with my own hands. I take responsibility for that. Let’s see in ten years what will happen to those who did that and those who didn’t. There will be a world of difference. Because I know this heavenly principle, I automatically reached that conclusion centered on that principle, so it is valid. 
Therefore, in front of this confused nation and people… That person is saying they will save the country even if they abandon their family, while we live for our own bellies… For our own mouths, for our own children, regardless of the country… How can the people of that country do well? Even if those with thoughts and ideas have disappeared, even if those women have flowed away and those men have flowed away, even if they are not in that region, the scars they received will remain forever in their hearts. Seeing those sons and daughters, or regarding their neighbors, with that feeling of always saying, "You should be like this," and being able to educate them means that it can already bring about a great directional change for this nation, which is why we have done such things. Was that good or bad? "It was good." 
Those people in the established church have mercilessly launched a full-scale attack, calling me a heretic, a cult, a sexual cult, and spreading all sorts of rumors. They thought we would fail and disappear, so they launched a full-scale attack, but when you press down on the top, living things spread silently. 
If you dislike the Republic of Korea, cross over to Japan and across the oceans to establish a foundation that no sovereign can take away or uproot. That’s not because I, Moon, am great. Do you understand? "Yes." It’s because that’s the path of heavenly fortune. If this is to be destroyed, then it is God’s will, and God is unnecessary to us humans. If such a God exists, I will grab him by the collar and deal with him. 
That’s why you must follow me. I came down here with nothing. I came as a refugee, but now… The fact that I, as a person, have reached a stage where I can influence this global new cultural world means that the mainstream thought I followed was correct, which is why I could go faster than anyone else. In the end, living like that pleases both humans and God. Do you understand? "Yes." 
Don’t worry if you think you can’t evangelize. It’s okay if you don’t evangelize to the Unification Church. Spread the word in your heart that "Those people are good people." Do you understand? "Those people absolutely dislike incurring debts. If you do something for them once, they will repay you several times over." If you are that kind of person, they won’t dislike you. 
Looking at the results, the Unification Church does what the Republic of Korea cannot do on behalf of the nation. 
Now look. The current position of this country is surrounded on all sides. Who will take responsibility for the current fate of Korea? Looking to the northwest, there is China; looking to the north, there is the Soviet Union; looking to the east, Japan is currently lost and being dragged by the communists. No matter how well President Park does, how will he digest this encirclement? Does this small country have the autonomous ability to digest China, the Soviet Union, and Japan? No. Then what will we do? Now, we will build a bridge to Japan… (The recording cuts off briefly) 
Even while being persecuted by the people of Korea and the Korean government, I am paving the way for the future.
I thought I was the only one, so I sent a secret shipment to Japan and established my mission. At that time, I incurred debts of millions of won. It wasn't for the purpose of evangelizing for the Unification Church. When I thought about the future situation in Asia, I realized that if I didn't lay the groundwork for a nation that could absorb Japan, there would be no way to defend Korea. Now, it has all come to fruition.

With Japan in this state, the only foundation that can absorb Asia is the United States. Therefore, someone must open the way for Korea to survive by influencing the United States and Japan, encompassing China, the Soviet Union to the north, and Japan. That's why I must influence the American people. So, I have been making connections with the high-ranking officials of the Liberal Democratic Party of Japan through Chiang Kai-shek. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Those Chinese still don't understand and are opposing, but they have been indebted to us until now. Even now, all members of the National Assembly in the United States, both the House of Representatives and the Senate, are indebted to the Unification Church. If I had time, I would explain all this, but I don't. And currently, at the UN General Assembly, ambassadors from various countries are indebted to our Unification Church. Do you understand? "Yes." Right now, it may seem like nothing is being reaped, like throwing sand into the ocean, but without knowing, they are internalizing this fact in their hearts. This is the game we are playing.

Currently, at scientific conferences, I gathered over 350 scholars during the last conference, and all of that is to make the academic community indebted to us. Do you understand? "Yes." In terms of money, I paid over $650,000 in cash to hold that conference. In Korean money, that's over 300 million won. I threw away over 300 million won into the air to play this game. Now, how great would it be if we could feed our Unification Church members with that? I'm not someone who doesn't understand that. Do you understand? You are on my side, on my side.

Also, for the established church, I have set a budget to spend over 100 million won this year. I intend to make them indebted to me. They may say they want to kill me, but I will make them indebted to me. Why? What happens when they are completely indebted? They will surrender. Do you understand? "Yes." If that day comes, God will not remain silent. 'You have made them indebted, so try to strike!' This is participating in treason. It means the eight clans will be implicated. There is a saying about destroying seven clans and eight clans, right? When the day comes for compensation claims, the blessings of the established church will be completely placed behind the Unification Church and its founder, Moon.

Those who oppose the Unification Church, which has laid the relative foundation of heavenly principles, will perish. Why did Christianity fail? Throughout its 2,000-year history, despite facing various trials and persecutions, Christianity had been able to overcome and develop until the 1960s. How did it collapse so drastically in just 14 years? It happened because they opposed the Unification Church and its founder, Moon. It's fine to oppose when alone, but after the Unification Church laid the relative foundation centered on heavenly principles, opposing it led to such results.

That is why the 1960s are called a historical turning point. Historians say this, but they do not know why. The reason is known to our Unification Church. Do you understand? "Yes."

So, I intend to make all the influential people in the United States indebted to me, those who are recognized worldwide, and those in the religious community. Can I do all that alone? I cannot do it all, so while you sleep, I do not sleep; while you eat, I do not eat; while you rest, I do not rest, but I carry this in my heart, broadcasting day and night. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." I am broadcasting, and you are listening with receivers that can hear the broadcast.

Therefore, those who communicate with the spiritual world must not be unaware of who Moon is. Do you understand? "Yes." Nowadays, there are many people in the spiritual world who testify about Moon, right? Why is that in the spiritual world? It is to repay debts. In the future, when you understand this, if you have sons, daughters, grandchildren, and daughters-in-law, you will all go to the Unification Church, wielding sticks, saying, 'You guys, go to the Unification Church!' That time will come. Now, it is already 12:30. Shall we continue? "Yes."

Now, those who incur debts perish, and those who make others indebted prosper, right? "Yes." Now you have learned a good secret. Don't try to be loved by your husband; make him indebted to you. Make him owe you a debt of love. Then, he will have no choice but to bow his head under your authority, saying, 'Oh, my beloved wife! There is no one else in the world.' He can't help but do that. Do you understand? "Yes."

When you go to the countryside, consider all the things in the countryside…. That is why I went to beautiful places across the nation to pray. 'Hey, I have come to bless you. I am not trying to owe you, but I know that you have desired a true owner since history began, so I will give you love from my heart.' I have prayed like this many times while traveling through the beautiful landscapes of the nation. Isn't that a remarkable thing?

Now, let us make a promise. Did you understand this without a doubt, or not? "I understood." Did you really understand, or partially understand? "I really understood." If you truly understood, you should know it with your eyes, your nose, your mouth, your ears, and then you should also know it with your sense of touch. You must know it through all five senses. That is the truth. Did you understand or not? "I understood." Did you really understand? "Yes." Those who know but do not act are subject to heavenly law. Those who do not act on what they know are worse than those who do not know. Can you accept this terrifying statement? "Yes." What about you, gentlemen? "……." If you do not act on what you know, you are worse than those who do not know. That is why I have a responsibility to teach this to all people, regardless of whether I am criticized or not. That is why I live this difficult life day and night. Do you understand? "Yes." My lips are chapped, but I must be sympathetic to this. Isn't that right? You feel sympathy for me, right? "Yes." If you feel sympathy, then let's stop. "We must continue." Shall we continue? "Yes." Then, this first act is over. Now let us enter the second act. (Laughter)

To be a self that is not ashamed before the true owner, I did not originally intend to talk about this today. The title of today's message is 'The Mission of Unification Church Members,' and I will briefly summarize it and finish within about 30 minutes. You don't have to write it down. Everyone, pay attention. If it becomes this chaotic, it will take about five minutes to reorganize.

We live in the Republic of Korea, but we live in the world. Is that right? "Yes." We live in the world, but we also live in the great universe. Although we live in the great universe, we must recognize that we are living in a place where God is watching. If God exists, wouldn't that be the case? We live in a world that God sees, and at the same time, we live in a place where all things belonging to God are watching.

Then, have you ever thought that God, being true, looks at humans with a true attitude? "I have not thought about it." When I look at that mountain, what lesson does it teach me? When I see flowing water, what does it teach me? Because everything is a belonging of the true owner, we must understand that it wants to treat us humans with truth. Therefore, it is extremely important to ask whether I have become a self that is not ashamed before the true owner and the true things. What do you think?

You probably can't even think about that, right? You just think it's good to see a bowl of rice, and when young men reach the age to marry, they think, 'I should make that girl from the neighboring village my wife.' That all passes away. If that is not the true path, it will be condemned by the universe. All things belonging to you will be condemned.

Now, when we look at this, is there anyone who is not ashamed among all things that belong to the laws and truths of such a true law? What do you think? "There is no one." From that perspective, the world in which humans live is fundamentally wrong. Do you understand? It cannot be good according to the words of wrong humans. Starting as wrong humans and creating cultural worlds in history, they have done all sorts of things, but they have come to the conclusion that they cannot succeed and must perish. You must understand that the time is now. Do you understand? "Yes." To put it simply, without going into specific details, we can only see it in this way.

Therefore, what is being demanded in the world today? They are searching for who the true owner is. Who is the true owner of the Republic of Korea? The opposition party claims to be the true owner, and the ruling party claims to be the true owner…. Of course, it is not just the Republic of Korea. The Republic of Korea alone cannot become the center of the world.

That is why, at this time, the Republic of Korea is in a state of chaos, and the United States, which has led advanced countries, is in the same situation, as is the Soviet Union, which represents the communist world. They are all in the same situation. How will they lead the future world? If there is a true God, the embodiment of truth, how can we resolve this shameful spectacle revealed before all true beings belonging to the true God and appear with the qualifications of a true owner, possessing the subjectivity of truth? In other words, how do we appear as a new owner? This is undoubtedly an important task left for humanity.

Only true religion can lead the future world.
To find this path, philosophy has been mobilized, religion has been mobilized, and God has been working providentially to leave this purpose on earth. However, religion has now entered a stage where it is coming to an end. Democracy is coming to an end, communism is coming to an end, and humanity has reached the historical end times. Even religion cannot be trusted. Everything has come to an end.

In this situation, whether God exists or not is ambiguous, and in this time, is there a being that can confidently say, 'I can be the owner' before the true God and all things belonging to the truth? The conclusion is that there is none. Just because there are famous Nobel laureates or scholars in the world, does that mean they can fill that role? No. Where is the protagonist who can stand in a position that God and all things love, moving day and night in accordance with truth? Is there such a protagonist? I see none. If we are to find that protagonist, can we find it in the world of monkeys? The only way to find that protagonist is that there is no way to find it outside the human world, which is a natural conclusion.

Then, when it comes to humans, there are men and women. Will we find it among men or among women? This leads us to this question. This issue is an important problem that humanity must collectively solve, and at the same time, it is God's desire and the desire of the universe to establish such an owner before humanity. If there is such a desire, we must at least make a preparation or announcement to fulfill that desire. We must engage in such activities.

What is that preparation or announcement? There can be no other path than the path of religion that seeks the way of God and truth. Philosophy cannot do it; philosophy cannot. Philosophy has not yet provided an explanation for God. Religion speaks of a experiential stage that can believe in God and understand God's heart, but philosophy has not yet reached that point. From this perspective, the conclusion that the only path that can pave the way for such a path is the path of religion seems to be a valid conclusion. Do you understand? "Yes."

High-level religions have the thought of the Second Coming.
Everyone, what is the existence of 'I'? The existence of 'I' does not want to be a mere creature but desires to stand at the center of the universe and wishes to have the privileged authority to become a son or daughter of God, if God exists. Isn't that the desire of humanity? Where can that desire be fulfilled? This is uncertain. To resolve this, there are all sorts of religions and philosophies…. There are many distorted religions, right? "Yes."

If God exists, then there must be a way to prepare for that, so when the end times come to the human world, there should be a promise to send a savior. We must develop this logic. Therefore, any religion must have the thought of the Second Coming…. In Buddhism, Maitreya Buddha must come; in Confucianism, the True Person must come; in Christianity, the Lord of the Second Coming must come. Every religion has the thought of the Second Coming. A religion that does not have the thought of the Second Coming is a distorted religion. It has not been able to possess the content to prepare for the end times, so it did not come from heaven. That is why high-level religions have always announced that the Messiah will manifest at the end times centered on the thought of the Second Coming.

Who is the Messiah? When we ask who the Messiah is, it is the one who can be the center of complete admiration before God, who created the universe, and all beings belonging to God, and who comes with the qualifications to love on behalf of God. This is how we conclude the concept of the Messiah. Do you understand what I am saying? "Yes." Without such a thought, one cannot become the Messiah.

Therefore, the Messiah must be in harmony with the heavenly way, and furthermore, must be in harmony with the universal justice, and not only that, but must also possess an ideal subjectivity of human ethics and morality, equipped with the qualifications of a true owner, and at the same time, must appear as a direct relative value that can connect with the heavenly heart. This is the Messiah. It's a bit difficult to understand. Those who know will understand. Those who do not know should ask. Did you understand the Messiah? "Yes." Owner, owner, owner, what kind of owner? The true owner. That's it.

The Unification Church aims to become the true owner.
That true owner is loved by God day and night. All things also love it day and night. It cannot be separated. Once it is held, it cannot be let go. Once people meet, even if their arms fall off, they cannot let go. This movement will manifest centered around a religion, and this is what a person named Moon from the Unification Church has realized. So, I thought, let’s try to pioneer a way to reach that place globally from Korea. Do you understand? "Yes." 

What is the purpose of the Unification Church? What is the purpose of the Unification Church? It's simple, right? The purpose of the Unification Church is to become the true owner. Is it just in the living room of the Republic of Korea that we are owners? The yellow race, this Asian peninsula, like a rabbit's tail…
Is it only in the midst of possessions that one becomes a master? "No." I say no. Beyond the five oceans and six continents, and the various races, one must not only qualify to become a master but also be able to serve the original master of the five oceans and six continents themselves. If there is a master who created all of heaven and earth, that master must also have the recognized qualification to say, "Only you can be the master. Only you are my counterpart, and you are the only master I can acknowledge." This is the goal that the Unification Church is aiming for.

Today's sermon title is "The Mission of Unification Church Members." If this is the place that Unification Church members must go, then what kind of path must the leader of the Unification Church, Reverend Moon, take? It must be the same path; that is the answer. It is the same path. The question is whether Reverend Moon can truly be that way or not. If he can, and if this is true, then the entire world will be completely caught by this condition. God will be caught, all things will be caught, and then people will be caught as well. It is heaven, earth, and humanity, heaven, earth, and humanity. When heaven, earth, and humanity unite, a peaceful era will come. The people of Gyeryongsan say the same thing, right?

So what must the Unification Church do? It must become the core of the wishes that history desires. It must also become the core that God desires, the core that the universe desires, and the core of hope that emerges from human ethics and morality. There is no objection to that, right? "Yes." Then it can become that way.

So what must be done? We must love people, then we must love all things, and then? "We must love God." We must love God. Therefore, only through love can one become a complete master. Being a master without completeness is not being a complete master. One cannot become a master without the qualifications of a master. Only possessing true love can one become an eternal and unchanging true master. So what is true love? What is true love? What is the most precious thing in the world? Is it a lump of gold? "No." Is it knowledge? "No." Is it power? "No." What is it? Is it life? "It is love."

Now, I have one life. How long will this life last? They say humans live to about 70, so about 70... Then I feel sad. Does that mean I have to die in 13 years? (Laughter) For example, let's say that.

Now, if Reverend Moon lived alone like this for 70 years and then died, what would that be? That would be it. It would be the end. Right? At that time, would Reverend Moon think, "Oh, I am a happy man to die at 70. I have worked enough to die well?" "No." What would he think? In the world of love, he would be a failure. Do you understand? "Yes." If he becomes a failure in the world of love, then he is a pitiful person, a pitiful person. Do you understand?

With such a life, one cannot move human ethics and heavenly principles. What can move human ethics and heavenly principles is... Life alone cannot move them. You must understand that it cannot be done without the power of love. "What can move human ethics and guide human ethics is because I have vitality and strong power..." That is not it. What can move heavenly principles is also what? "Love." You must understand all of this in detail. Did you understand something precious? "Yes." With life alone, one cannot move human ethics or heavenly principles, but with love, one can move both human ethics and heavenly principles. What kind of love? True love. How long? Forever. That is the conclusion. Do you have any objections? "No."

Therefore, love is more precious than my life, love is more precious than a nation, and love is more precious than the world. You must understand this. Only then is it correct. The love that our Unification Church speaks of is true love, and that love is of such value that it cannot be exchanged even for a nation or the universe.

God created humans to boast of love.
From that perspective, what kind of being is God? Is God a being who likes solitude? "No." Why? Does God lack power, ability, or love? God has love, right? "Yes." God has life, ability, knowledge, and all omnipotent content, but when it comes to the conclusion of why God created all things... For what purpose did He create? That is something that has not been known until now.

Did He create to observe? For what purpose did He create? Today, in Christian terms, they say, "Oh, He created by the Word." But when you ask, "Why the Word? What is the purpose of creation?" they say, "Only God knows..." Those foolish believers, those so-called doctors are not doctors. They are broken, broken. Even if they have thousands and millions of those things, they are not needed. They are worse than a rotten watermelon. A rotten watermelon still has something edible left in one corner. But that is something you cannot eat.

Why did God create humans? To exercise power? "No." To boast of knowledge? "No." To boast of money? "No." To boast of life? "No." It was to boast of love. This is a surprising statement. To boast of love... Would God want to boast or not? "He wants to boast." Among the great scholars and great personalities with character, would they want to boast about themselves or not? "They want to boast."

What kind of boasting is the most precious? The one who boasts of knowledge ends with one generation. Boasting of power... There is a saying that power does not last ten years, right? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Would you want to boast with power? That does not last ten years and ends up with "Oh dear." And then with a lump of gold? It does not last for several generations, several generations. Do you understand? "Yes."

However, when you boast of love, it lasts for thousands and millions of years. It lasts for thousands and millions of years. Therefore, if there is a person who possesses such love... In that village, if I have something to boast about, it is nothing but love. I have loved people, I have loved my children like this, I have loved my wife like this, I have loved God like this, I have loved all things like this. If I have truly loved, that alone lasts for thousands and millions of years. Even if I do not boast, all things will try to boast and promote it. Because the true master emerges in the place of love, all things try to follow in front of love. Even a puppy, even if there are eight family members, will follow the owner who loves it more, right? "Yes." This means that it signifies belonging to the owner who loves more. You must understand this.

Today, we humans are the same, right? In front of someone who can love them more... When there are two men who look similar in face and everything, the girls choose the man who loves them more. Right? In doing so, they seek eternal true love. Why? Because the master is determined in true love. You must understand this.

Peace and happiness can only be established in the relative relationship of love.
God does not like solitude, right? "Yes." You all do not like solitude either, so humans born in the likeness of God do not like solitude either. Then what does God like? "He likes love." He likes love.

You see, love, peace, happiness, and all these words can only be established in relative relationships. Do you understand? "Yes." It cannot be done alone, alone. If you say, "Oh, I am love. I am love," that is a mad person. If you say, "I am peace, peace," that is a mad fellow. If you say, "I am happiness, happiness," can you be happy alone? That is a mad fellow. It must be centered around relative conditions and connected through love. When you seek love, happiness automatically exists, and when you seek love, peace also automatically arises. That is a byproduct.

Why did God create heaven and earth? So what is the conclusion? For what purpose? "To boast of love." It is to boast of love. Once that love is boasted of, who can stop it? There is no one. The absolute love of God will continue as a proud love for eternity.

If that were the case, how happy would humans have been? These eyes, immersed in love, would have become eyes intoxicated with love, even more than being drunk with alcohol or opium. This may sound strange. Even to the hair of these cells, what can I say, it would have become soaked in love. You know what fermented fish is, right? "Yes." When it is soaked in salt, it becomes salty, right? Similarly, it would be soaked in love and would be immersed in the taste of love. Then what about my breath? It would be a breath absorbed in the rhythm of love, and my feelings would be the feelings of that love.

If that were the case, what would have happened? Originally, humans could become companions in front of the love that God boasts of, possessing equal value and equal qualifications, and that can only be found in love. There is no authority or hierarchy there. It is equality, unity, and oneness. Now, can words like unity, oneness, and equality exist without love? "No." Can they exist without love? "No." It would be good to talk about that in detail, but there is no time for that. So let’s conclude and move on.

God also created creatures because of love. Then with whom did God want to love? "With humans." With humans. Which humans? "With me." With whom did He want to love? "With me." Yes, with me. Feels good, right?

What do you think it would be like to receive God's love? Once you enter into the realm of God's love, when you open your eyes, you would never want to close them again. That is how it would be. Do you understand what I mean? What can we call that expression? Once you have tasted it, your tongue cannot go back. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." If you understand, there is no need to say more. It cannot be helped.

Then, if God is happy and says, "Oh my love," would He not do that? When He prepares a feast for a 60th birthday celebration, would He say, "Oh my love," while setting the table? How much more so when God finds the object of His love would He say, "Oh my love"? "He would."

This time is my speaking time. Just stay still. If you want to sit comfortably, go lie down at home, in your bedroom, why did you come here? I am telling the most interesting story, and you are just sitting there. Isn’t it interesting? "Yes." Everyone loves stories about love. You all have your mouths wide open, right? (Laughter) You are enjoying it so much, why is that? That is Satan.

If God were to be happy and dance, which country would He step on and dance? He would step on the five oceans and six continents at once, stepping once in the East and once in the West. Korea might be crushed under God's feet. Then would the sound of God's laughter resonate throughout heaven and earth? "Yes." Would that sound be greater or smaller than thunder and lightning? "Greater." (Laughter) Think about it. What would it be like? With a hearty laugh, all things would come in and out, come in and out... (Laughter) When God dances, all things would mix together and a chaotic dance would occur. Have you ever thought about that? Wouldn’t it be so? When God dances...

When God says "I like it," everyone follows along saying, "Oh, I like it." "Oh, I like it." (Laughter) Do you think so or not? Think about it. When God is happy and dances, there must be a time to rest afterward, right? When He rests, does He rest because He is happy or because He is lonely? "Because He is happy." He rests because He is happy. Whether it is the sound of snoring or anything else, it is all good. That is what love is. I don’t know, but I think it would be like that. (Laughter) By now, do you understand? "Yes."

So, has anyone ever heard God's laughter? (Laughter) Has anyone ever seen God dance? You cannot see it, nor can you hear it. Why? Because such a human has not yet appeared, because such a human has not yet appeared.

Today, when people see Christian pastors, elders, and deacons, what do they call them? "Jesus freaks." They are freaks. Our Unification Church members, what do they call them? Unification Church members have not yet been labeled as freaks, right? "Yes." Heretics, heretics! What kind of heretics? Think of them as champions who rise from heresy to the next level, like karate champions. (Laughter)

Look. When Jesus went to the cross, do you think God said, "Oh, how nice, hehehe," and laughed? What do you think? Think about it. Do you think He laughed or not? "He did not laugh." Would He have felt good or bad? "Bad." If He felt good, then that God is not God. He is a cruel God. We do not need such a God. If God can laugh at the death of His own son on the cross, that is... He should be weeping.

So, can God's will be fulfilled there? Can God fulfill His will on the weeping cross? "No." Therefore, the will will be fulfilled at the time of the Second Coming. The day must come when God can laugh. The day must come when God can dance. God rejoices only when He liberates all people. But does God say, "It is judgment," and strike with fire and say, "Oh, I feel good. Let’s dance"? Let’s think about it concretely. Such a God is more wicked than a hundred evils. That kind of God should be kicked and trampled to death. Today, we should not believe in the Bible in the Christian way. We must reach the theory.

"After judging all people, only the 144,000 who believe in Christianity will go up. We will go." This is the most disgusting individualism, an individualism that cannot be forgiven. Where is such faith? If God, no matter how great He is, liberates all the people He led out, prepares a feast, feeds them, and then liberates them so that they can say, "Oh, thank you, our God," that is how it should be done. After doing that, He should send His son and say, "Hey, are you happy? I am happy too. Let’s dance," and they should dance together.

Do you think God has danced and laughed in the past 6,000 years? There has been none because humans have fallen. What kind of judgment is there to be happy about? That is all a lie. The God I know is not like that. That is a lie. I know God better than anyone else. There is no one who knows God as well as I do. Do you understand? "Yes." That is an absurd faith. It is not a realistic faith. What about our Unification Church? "It is realistic...." It is concrete, it is a realistic faith. It is theoretical, it is a scientific faith.

In that sense, the whole world is in chaos because of me. In the Unification Church, we...
What are you trying to do? It's about making God dance once. Then, even if a certain person can't do it... If God couldn't dance and God couldn't smile, then let's make Him smile and dance. If God found a person who thought that, would He feel bad or good? "Good." Even theoretically, it feels good, right?

So how do we make Him dance? First, we must liberate all people. It's about how to bring all people who can receive God's love above denominations before God. This is the mission of the Unification Church. Do you understand? "Yes." That's why it's at a higher level than Christianity. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

In the Bible, it says in John 3:16, "For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him shall not perish but have eternal life." It doesn't say that God gave His only begotten Son because He loved Christianity this much, does it? "No." They are all fakes, fakes. I think those who wish for the world to perish and only want themselves to survive are villains. Honestly speaking, when we examine the specifics, we cannot come to any other conclusion. Right? "Yes." That's the truth. Like a bunch of thieves...

In that sense, the Unification Church is truly at a higher level. It transcends all people and has a transcendent heart. Even if you are from Korea, it is not about loving Korea first. It is about advocating that we should love good people whom God can love first. The descendants of good ancestors with much virtue must present a movement that can love the world beyond the nation, and this is the claim of the Unification Church. Does that seem wrong or right? "Right." If Unification Church members say that, what would traditional church pastors say if they gathered? They would probably keep quiet, right? Even though it is the truth, they would keep quiet because it sounds bitter to their ears.

Our Unification Church is transnational. Although born in Korea, it does not only love Koreans. It says to love all humanity more than Koreans, more love. This is the path that God takes, and this is the path of God's tradition. God has sacrificed His Son and His servants until now to save the children of His enemies, and because He has come out with the heart to love them more, we must understand that He has maintained His name forever. Those Unification Church members who do not understand this tradition should love the people more than the Unification Church members and love foreigners more than Koreans. Only then can we seek a new path of cosmopolitanism that transcends nationalism.

Look at the United States, the leading country of the democratic world. Why has the country lost all the free conditions to dominate the world in the 1960s and now stands alone? It is because it has stood in a position that abandons the world and only cares for its own country, and you must understand that the United States has deviated from the position of blessing.

If the United States wants to fulfill its responsibility, as a subject country of the democratic world, it must be willing to sacrifice itself for the world... If there had been a claim that even if it meant sacrificing American citizens, it would love the world, this democratic world would have already become one. Because it could not do that, the test is already over. The experiment is over.

Even when we look at communism today, it dreamed of dominating the world communism centered around the Slavic nations and the Soviet Union, but it could not have the ideology of loving the world more than the nation for communism, so it ultimately split from Mao Zedong in 1957. That is the cause. Right, isn't it? "Right."

In this chaotic world, if there is one new solution that can break through this reality where all ideologies have hit a wall, what is it? It must be the claim of wanting to take ownership of this universe with a transnational ideology. Because only religion can make such a claim, in this reality where there is a final hope in religion, it is likely that there will be a religion that can make such a claim, and that religion is the Unification Church.

Even if we do not reach that endpoint, we must weave together the stories that contain such content and use them as a solution, striving to make that our goal. This is the mission of Unification Church members. This is also God's wish, and it is the wish of human history. We must understand that this is the ideology that the nation, which has deviated from the fate of democracy and communism, must now give up everything and seek again. The Unification Church has seized that, and the fact that the Unification Church has emerged as the vanguard is a historically significant event that cannot be commemorated more than this. Do you think so? "Yes."

The step that the Unification Church takes influences the heavenly way.

Therefore, the Unification Church is the starting point for the fulfillment of the wishes that our ancestors have cherished and sought for thousands of generations. It is also the final point that humanity hopes for, a humanity that can lose the power of life and death in the midst of suffering. We must understand that it is a point of hope for our descendants, who are bound to be swept into the deep valley of despair and death. That is the position where Unification Church members stand.

That is why if I die, the universe dies. If I die, heaven and earth perish. If I do something wrong, the past becomes chaotic, the present becomes chaotic, and the future becomes chaotic. If I die, if I do something wrong, the heavenly way becomes chaotic, and all the laws of justice in the universe become chaotic. You must understand that this serious and multifaceted position is where Unification Church members stand.

From the perspective of providential history, this is the final hope of providential history, and it is also the focal point that our ancestors, who dreamed of a world, hoped for. If there are people who wish for the purpose of goodness and the purpose of human peace on this earth, it becomes the standard of their wishes. Whether we look at the past, present, and future, or human cultural history, providential history, centered on God, we must understand that this is a point of hope. You must recognize that you are standing in such an enormous position. The mission of the Unification Church standing in that position is terrifying.

That is why when you go, you must understand that if I take one wrong step, the heavenly way is disrupted. You must feel that all spirits in the spirit world and God's gaze are with you on the path you take, and that the movements of all humanity depend on your gaze. Furthermore, you must live with the awareness that the movements of all humanity depend on your actions. Living for my mouth, living for my one stomach... This is trivial. The play of those who bear such an enormous mission is truly miserable and astonishing. Would you rather play in a fertilizer factory making food and waste?

Because of such thoughts, I know that I have responsibilities to fulfill day and night. On a personal level, I must not be hindered in front of all humanity, in front of the past, present, and future. I must not be hindered at the family level. This is not speaking of this fallen world. Centered on that ideal family... 

We must now establish that tradition. Establishing the tradition of an ideal tribe, an ideal nation, an ideal world, and as that number increases, when a cultural sphere centered on one ideology is formed on this world stage, the world will not be able to oppose this work, no matter who they are.

So what am I teaching the American people right now? "Stand on a transnational ideology. What is the way for America to be blessed again, which could lead to its downfall? It is to stop being America for America and to become America for the world, even if it's not too late now." This year, I am fighting to put in that switch for the change. Do you understand? "Yes."

1976 is the year we must hold a conference centered around Yankee Stadium, a conference that has never happened in American history. We must make it happen. God demands it, the universe demands it, humanity demands it, and we must create a breakthrough for human liberation. However, Reverend Moon, who knows that there is no one to do this, thinks that only he can take responsibility for this work. That is why he is fighting with determination to break through.

Just as I have that conviction, you must also be in your position in the countryside... Even if the circumstances are limited, your heart must be like mine, like the heavenly principle, and you must stand on a standard that can represent the entire providential fortune. You must take a step forward and live a life where you can discuss the day's emotions.

And you must connect. How do we connect? Who must fulfill the subjective mission of connecting? We must do it. What is this? It is recreation, recreation. In the restoration process, what does recreation mean? It means putting in your own effort. You must invest your strength. In other words, you must endure the pains of childbirth.

If you do not do so, you will not escape God's judgment, and you will not escape the accusations of the beings of the universe, and you will certainly face accusations from the good ancestors or the final responsibility of the mission bearer in front of humanity on this earth. Even if you go to hell, you must go to the most miserable hell. On the day Unification Church members go to hell, they must go to the very bottom of hell. Does that sound unpleasant?

Who are you believing for? Who did you join the Unification Church for? The Unification Church is for God, for all the created world of the universe, and for humanity. Since the Unification Church exists for humanity, if you fail to fulfill the qualifications and responsibilities for them, you will receive accusations in front of them, and it is a logical conclusion that you will face accountability before them.

Because of this understanding, I am busy going the path I must take. Do you understand? After determining the victory or defeat of the individual age, I will determine the victory or defeat of the family age, the victory or defeat of the tribal age, the victory or defeat of the national age, the victory or defeat of the world age, and then I will take responsibility to determine the victory or defeat of the cosmic age centered on the spirit world and God. Do you have the confidence to follow such a lord? Do you have the confidence to follow such a teacher, or not? "Yes." I must take responsibility for everything.

Who gathered to ruin someone? Who are you trying to ruin? It is good to ruin one person, but if you are not careful, heaven and earth, the universe will perish. It is good to ruin just Daejeon, but ruining Chungnam will ruin heaven and earth. You must understand that every word and action of yours carries such tremendous, vast, and profound significance. They say that the child of a nobleman cannot become a servant even if he starves to death, and that he cannot become a servant even if he freezes to death, right? Just like refusing to be scorched by the fire, Unification Church members must not lose their authority and qualifications even if they starve to death. Do you understand? "Yes."

That is why on the day I do something wrong, my sons and daughters will be condemned by our ancestors, will be condemned by the spirits in the spirit world, and will be held accountable for failing their mission in front of future generations, and they will become targets of curses in front of their descendants. Adam and Eve fell in a place where they did not know, so they could be forgiven, but if you do it in a place where you clearly know, there is no forgiveness. That is why I am the person who walks that path. I am the person who walks that path. I do not have time to fight just because I am insulted. My path is busy. So by 1976, I must untangle everything and create a clear boundary line at the 38th parallel, and I must truly create a new origin of unity. You must understand that we are reaching such a serious and tremendous point. Do you understand? "Yes."

Let us invest life and love to restore the world.

What relationship do you have with me? "We have a path." Where is that path leading to? Where do we need to go...? I am a man who left Korea and went abroad. I love Korea. I hope this country does not perish. You cannot understand me. I must pave the way for the world, even if it means abandoning the nation, because only then will you understand that the path to the world opens for you. If you do not do that and ruin the country, I bear that responsibility as well. So if you cannot take responsibility for this...

This country must not perish. When I return, I will embrace Japan in my hands and return, and I will embrace America and come back, so I live in a way that prevents it from perishing until then. Is that an easy task?

Unification Church members have played their part while being insulted. Everyone, the issue of Korea-Japan relations and the issue of diplomatic severance is now emerging. It is a time when problems are arising. After the death of Mrs. Ryu, high-ranking officials say that only Reverend Moon of the Unification Church can solve this diplomatic issue. Since I am creating the International Federation of Victory over Japan...

No one knows all the adjustments I have made. No one knows how I turned the complete defeat of Korea at the 1974 UN General Assembly upside down through various means. I do not speak of it, but I have been doing such things until now. Even the leaders of this country did not know. They only realize it now. That is why even the police department in Chungnam guides me with a sidecar when I come, but I do not want that. I want them to love the people more and protect the country! Then it is okay if they do not recognize me. I did not ask for recognition. It is fine if they do not recognize me.

Knowing that... Everyone, where is the stepping stone for me to step firmly into Western society? Where should this left foot step? It should step on Korean soil. I must connect Western civilization and Asian civilization, unify them, and lead them into one world... While I am laying the foundation in America, Korea must also lay its foundation. If it cannot lay its foundation and becomes crippled, it cannot be done. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Each of you must take that responsibility. The day I can come here and step firmly and do what I must do will be the day the world transitions into a new cultural world. This is not an empty proclamation of a leader. Do you understand? That is why the American government fears me, and the Japanese government fears me.
They all know. They know how influential Reverend Moon is. Do you understand? "Yes." You ignorant ones do not know. You think our teacher is just the same teacher who is being criticized in Cheongpa-dong. In that sense, whether we can resolve the covenant of human morality and, further, the covenant of heavenly morality, whether we can lay a completely unified foundation or not, is a matter that depends on 1976 and your understanding. That is why the path of our teacher is urgent. Since I am not in this country, please… Just as I have devoted myself to praying for this country, loving this country, and not letting it perish, the thirty million people can sleep or doze off, but you all must… 

You must become the connection through which God cannot abandon this country because of you. Moreover, all the spirits who have come to find connections until now, all the universe, God, and all humanity living on this earth, and all future humanity with hope cannot abandon Korea and cannot forget it, unless there are conditions that must remain. You must know this and fulfill your responsibilities in Korea. Do you understand? "Yes." Will you do it or not? "We will." 

That is why you must be better than Confucius, better than Buddha, better than Jesus. That is the conclusion. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You must walk the path that Confucius could not walk, that Jesus could not walk, that Buddha could not walk. To do that, you must invest both your life and your pure love. This alone… Do you understand what I mean? 

Just having life is not enough. You must invest life while also adding love. On such a day, there cannot be any evil beings in this world that would trample this down and crush it. Even communism is under the law that God governs. This is a whip that has come out to persuade and awaken the democratic world to follow the path of the Unification Church. When the Unification Church establishes itself, it will naturally collapse. If it does not collapse, I will make it collapse. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Knowing that this is the mission of the Unification Church, whether in Daejeon or in the Chungnam region, you must not let the evil ones take over but must firmly fulfill each department's responsibilities. You must know that the mission of Unification Church members is to fulfill a historical responsibility. Ah—"Amen." Since you answered, "I will do it," raise your hands if you are surely going to do it. Let us pray. 

<Prayer> Please remember the members of the Unification Church who have entered the blessed path of busy days, with no time to share the events of a day. 

Father, this child stands on this platform. I know that those who follow the footsteps of those who walk a lonely path are also lonely. When we see that the time has come to rise to the global forefront and solve problems without perishing amid all kinds of insults and hardships, we thank you for thinking that all this is due to your protection. 

At this time, I have gathered the members in Daejeon and Chungnam to speak, so we must not become debtors. We have understood what the mission of a Unification Church member is, so I sincerely hope and wish that we can fulfill that responsibility and have not only pride before our descendants and ancestors but also receive God's praise and love as sons and daughters. 

Father, I earnestly wish to keep the remaining time. Please bless and remember the members gathering in Chungbuk as well. I earnestly request that busy schedules become days that leave conditions of joy within your will, and I pray all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen. 

<Words> It is now quite late, so shall we have lunch or not? "We will." Shall we have lunch? "Yes." When it is lunchtime, it will take about an hour, so it will be quite late… From two o'clock onwards, it will not be Chungnam time. After two o'clock, it has been decided that it will be Chungbuk time, so as soon as it is two o'clock, we will leave even if there is still time left. Do you understand? "Yes." 

2) What is the Unification Church? 
This place is the headquarters of the Unification Church in Chungcheongbuk-do. I heard that you all have been looking forward to meeting the teacher, but did you really look forward to it? "Yes." Isn't that just a phrase to entertain guests? "No." Then why does your face change like this when the teacher appears? That expression is not one of gratitude. What kind of people make strange faces, are they happy and grateful? Did you really look forward to it? "Yes." Thank you. 

What is the most proud thing about Chungcheongbuk-do? What is the pride of Chungcheongbuk-do? "There is no curfew." (Laughter) No curfew, and what else? "Many loyal subjects have emerged." Loyal subjects? Then many candidates for loyal subjects must have gathered here. 

You all respect and like the teacher, right? "Yes." Then if the teacher is a bit tired, should you not consider that? (Laughter) You should consider it, right? These days, I have been going around without rest for several days, and my lips have become chapped. My mouth is chapped too. My tongue has developed blisters. Yet, from Busan to Daegu, and now here in Cheongju on March 2, 1976 (Tuesday). 

* This speech was given at the Chungbuk district during the nationwide district tour and was also published in the August 1976 issue of <Unification World>. 

Today, I have come to Chungbuk Cheongju for the fourth time from Chungnam. People in the world do not like the number four, do they? The fourth time. Do they like it or not? "They do not like it." 

When I went to Jeju Island before, I entered a four-story building. I went up to the fourth floor, but there was a sign on the wall that said it was the fifth floor. I thought, "Oh, how did it become the fifth floor when I knew it was the fourth? Did one floor disappear?" Then I remembered, "Oh, Koreans say there is no fourth floor in hotels or places like that." From that, it is clear that people do not like the number four. Isn't that right? "Yes." 

Then, since this is my fourth visit to Cheongju, from a general perspective, it is the fourth time, so it is the number four. So, how do you feel about coming here? Good or bad? "Good." What do you say? (Laughter) Did you feel good or bad? "Good." Why is it good? "Because it is a heavenly number." You should answer based on principle! What is the completion of the ideal of creation? It is to complete the ideal of creation. Then, what happens when we complete the ideal of creation? "It is to complete the ideal of the son-in-law." That is what it says in principle. Isn't that right? "Yes." 

When we look at the term "son-in-law," there is no better word in the world. Our young men, of course, have all gotten married, but for our young men, marriage is a big dream. Isn't that right? And for our young ladies, getting married is a dream. So what do married couples want? Of course, being alone together is nice, but what they ideally want is to love each other and have children, so that they can love each other through their sons and daughters. Is that not what it says? "Yes." 

If a married woman hears, "You should only give birth to daughters," no woman would feel good about that. And if a married man hears, "You should only give birth to sons," he would not feel good either. If you say, "When you get married, have sons and daughters that are pleasing to see and proud of," they would smile and feel happy. (Laughter) Isn't that right? "Yes." It is not good to have only daughters or only sons. It is good to have both sons and daughters. There is a song about wanting to have sons and daughters… You all know that, right? "Yes." 

From that perspective, if we combine sons and daughters in front of a couple, there are four. 

That is why, in the Unification Church, when viewed from the center of principle, since humans are born within God's will, and as we pursue the world of heart to fulfill God's will, we see that the foundation for the completion of that heart is the ideal of the son-in-law. The ideal is seen as being able to unite the subject-object relationship centered on love, and it is said that the ideal type centered on the son-in-law is the true ideal. Isn't that right? "Yes." 

That is why, according to principle, there is a saying that "the completion of the ideal of creation is the completion of the ideal of the son-in-law." Isn't that right? "Yes." If you think about it that way, since this is my fourth visit to Cheongju, from a worldly perspective, it may seem bad, but knowing the principle and the completion of the ideal of the son-in-law, when viewed from the perspective of God's will, it is not bad, right? "Yes." It is not bad, right? (Laughter) Then what does that mean? Is it bad or good? "It is good." If it is an odd number, it is good, and if it is an even number, it is bad. 

If you think that way, Cheongju really feels good. The name Cheongju means "clear" (淸) and "district" (州), right? A clear district. When you look into clear water, whether it is a river or the bottom of the sea, you can see everything, including fish swimming and both black and white sand. 

So, is Cheongju really a clear district? Today, the weather is not clear either. (Laughter) There are no thieves in Cheongju, right? The police station must be completely empty, right? (Laughter) How is it? Is that so? The saying that there is no curfew must have originated from this good district of Cheongju. Then, ultimately, is there no detention center or prison here? (Laughter) There are no prisoners in the prison. So, there is no need to worry! Because of these citizens of Chungcheongbuk-do, it makes sense to say there is no curfew, but… Are there such things? "Yes." Then there is nothing to boast about. (Laughter) So what is there to boast about? Since Chungbuk is a small province, it is merely selected as a test district to see whether a curfew is necessary or not. (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Generally, there is nothing good about testing. It is something that is done when it does not matter whether you live or die. (Laughter) So, if you look at it that way, you cannot boast about having no curfew. That is how it is. It feels unpleasant. (Laughter) 

Do not be discouraged when seeing the teacher for the first time 
I say this because today, let’s raise our hands if there are people who are seeing me for the first time. Let’s see, who is seeing me for the first time? Put your hands down. Are you Unification Church members? Where are the Unification Church members, yes or no? They must be members, right? "Yes." If you are seeing the teacher for the first time as Unification Church members, what does that mean? What do you call that? You would see them as newcomers. (Laughter) So, today, all of you newcomers came because you heard, "Our teacher is coming from Seoul, let’s go see him." But what do you generally want to see? You want to see what the teacher looks like. What does the signboard look like… right? 

But today, my lips are all chapped, and my face is tanned from going around, so when you see me, you might think, "Oh, this is what our teacher looks like. I thought he would be reliable, but oh, the degree and scale are off." (Laughter) But do not be discouraged. Even though my face looks like this, the person called the teacher here is a very renowned person globally. (Laughter) That is true. I have become quite famous. It is not my bragging. So, do not be discouraged. If a newcomer gets discouraged and leaves, it would be troublesome. They might think, "Oh, it would have been better if I hadn’t come." That is why I need to do a bit of self-promotion. 

When I go to America, it will be like that. Those who do not know the teacher… even kindergarten students know me. If you ask anyone in New York about Reverend Moon, ten out of ten will know. That is how much I have become known. So, as a Korean, I am saying this to encourage you—do not be discouraged. Looking at the 5,000 years of history… When I go to Western societies, Western people have a headache because of me. It is a headache, but not in a bad sense. 

No matter how much they study, they cannot understand. Do you understand what I mean? If they could understand through research, what kind of headache would that be? It is a headache because they cannot understand even after researching. If I were to talk about that content… Today is not the time for that, but since it has come up, let’s talk about it. Anyway, I have become a strange man. I have become the man of the question mark, a strange man. There have been many rumors about me in Korea, right? The strange man. I am that strange man. If you delve into that content, there is a lot to it. There is much to do, and I have walked various paths until now. 

In that sense, even though my face looks like this, do not be discouraged. Anyway, whether the rumors are good or bad, it is certain that today is the day you meet a well-known person. You must know that much. Do you understand? "Yes." 

1976 is a significant year for the Unification Church 
The year 1976 is a significant year for the Unification Church. It is a year that has never been seen in the history of the Unification Church. I have been leading the Unification Church for over 30 years, but this year is the most important year. I wish I could spend this important year here in Korea, but I am destined to spend it in America. 

Since I am currently in America, when I go to New York, there is a large public stadium there. It is called Yankee Stadium, the exclusive stadium of the Yankees, the baseball team that New Yorkers are proud of. It is a famous stadium. We are planning a gathering of about 200,000 people there on the first day of June. I was going to decide on May 28, but due to various circumstances, it has been extended by four days, and June 1 has been firmly decided as the day of the event. You should know that. You thought it was May 28, right? "Yes." So, we are pushing forward with that plan. 

That plan is not for Reverend Moon to promote his own honor. It is to determine the fate of America and whether all that has been blessed in Western society under God's will will continue or whether we will turn everything upside down. This is a mission that is being carried out by a man who has come forth by heavenly mandate, and that man is the teacher you are looking at now. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Now, the people who will flock to Yankee Stadium will come to see this not-so-good-looking teacher. They are not coming for anything else. If there are many people flocking, the question will be about who Mr. Moon is, who Reverend Moon is, who Dr. Moon is. They will come to see what kind of person he is. I am certain it will be a full house. 

After this event, this is not something I should talk about, but since it has come up, should I go ahead and mention it? "Yes." If the introduction is too long, I might become someone who does not know how to speak, but is that okay? "Yes." After all, having a nice meal with beef jerky and well-cooked fish is great, but bibimbap is also good, bibimbap. (Laughter) In Chungbuk, we will eat a lot of bibimbap. So, how is it? Is bibimbap okay? "Yes." Whether it is a title or anything else, rather than running out of time, bibimbap is fine even if it is upside down. As long as we get to Seoul, it is fine. If that is acceptable, let’s continue.
I will do it. Should I do it or not? "Do it."  
If this Yankee Stadium event goes according to the teacher's plan, the United States will be completely divided in two. You don't believe that, do you? It is destined to be divided in two. Everyone, did you see it in the newspaper? Because of me, the senators are currently gathering to discuss whether to hold a hearing or not, and they are divided. They are all gathered discussing this and that... The senators are bound to split into two factions, and the same goes for the House of Representatives and the executive branch; everything is set up that way. One side supports, and the other side opposes. But no matter how much they oppose, in the end, those people are opposing in a way that they can be completely defeated by me. Do you understand? "Yes." It doesn't feel bad, does it? "No." Even though Teacher Moon is not handsome, he is the one who accurately measures such issues. Do you understand?  
Because I make correct judgments about the situation, for over 30 years in Korea, there has been opposition, and in Japan too, and the whole world is opposing, but I have sifted through the opposition. You know, when an eel is busy, it escapes with its tail, right?  
"Yes." It can escape normally with its head or with its tail, right? Everything has come out from between the rough rocks and has developed this much. Because I am a teacher who judges the situation well, I see that "no matter how much the American political circles or New York City makes a fuss, they will get caught in my operation." First of all, it feels good, right? "Yes."  
When I have 200,000 people in my hands at the Yankee Stadium event and I am cooking, not only New York City but the entire United States will be completely divided. With this, the Washington event is also planned to have over 500,000 people, and if that is possible, it will be an unprecedented event in American history. No matter how famous someone is in Western society, no matter how capable they are, they cannot surpass the record of Reverend Moon's gathering; it will be a decisive victory. Therefore, Americans who know this have a lot to worry about. Do you understand? For example, something like the New York Symphony Orchestra is in my hands. Do you understand? I provide funding there and will contribute to the world in the future. I am doing all this secretly.  
When giving money, it has to be reasonable, and if misused, future generations will be affected. I will be returning in September or October this year, and when I return victorious, it will truly be like leaving home, succeeding in a foreign land, and coming back. What do you call that in Korean? "Geum-ui-hwan-hyang." Yes, that's right. When I return like that, the stock that Korean people see from the elders will change completely. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."  
Today was the same. When I went to Chungcheongnam-do today, from the police department... The police department members, whom I had never met, provided a sidecar and guided me. I don't like that; in fact, I don't like it. But when I saw the fuss, I couldn't lower my face and went like this. In fact, that doesn't suit me.  
I don't like to be famous, but my name is already known. Wherever I go in America, people see me and say, "Aren't you Reverend Moon?" and visit me. But does that mean I will run away or what? If someone likes to be famous, I wish I could share it with someone else. When someone comes to visit, it's hard to deal with them. Do you like to be famous? Do you like to be famous? It's the people with many sins who become famous.  
Moreover, being famous comes with fame. No matter where I go, even if I go to a restaurant and eat a bowl of noodles, a normal person can just slurp it down in an instant, but I can't do that. Even when eating noodles, I have to look around and be cautious to maintain decorum. (Laughter) It's hell, hell. Professors here, don't seek fame. (Laughter) I'm saying it's not good. That's how I feel. Even when I get on a plane, already there are whispers, "Reverend Moon this and that..." When I see that, it's like putting a monkey in a zoo and having a lot of talk about whether it's doing well or not. That feels bad. But I have no choice; it has become this way.  
So what will I do? If I succeed, what will I do? What will I do? I will make the Unification Church thrive. Right? "Yes." Then what will happen if the Unification Church thrives? If the Unification Church does well, it will help the poor members in Chungbuk to eat well and live well. Isn't that good? Right? "No." You don't want that? What will happen if the Unification Church thrives? If the teacher becomes successful, what will happen? What does that have to do with you? These days, even in America, they say, "Reverend Moon is a millionaire." Well, I can have a million dollars anytime. I have it with my mother now. (Laughter)  
But if I say, "I'm struggling, and you are a religious leader, so you have a great charitable heart, please help me," that won't work. (Laughter) Giving has to be reasonable. If the day comes when what I spend can be better used, I will not hesitate to pay. If there is a position where it can be more effective than what Teacher Moon spends, I will not hesitate to give a check. There is no one who can do that. When spending, everyone tends to focus on their own children and family. But Reverend Moon is not like that.  
I have tens of billions in assets right now, but just because I have assets, I don't have any in my hands. I don't even know where my seal is right now. (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." I do have a seal, but I don't know where it is. Who is using it...  
But one thing I know is that "the day I misuse the money I earn..." In the past, there was a saying that traitors would be punished by exterminating eight or seven generations, right? But "if Reverend Moon misuses the money he earns, his descendants will be forever affected." I think that way. That is the truth. If I misuse it, my ancestors will appear and say, "You brat, do you know what kind of money that is..." and give me such a command. Do ordinary people know these words? You all know, right? "Yes." That is something only we know. I apologize to those who are new here. (Laughter)  
When facing difficulties, if you pray with tears, you will receive all the teachings.  
If you all face any difficulties in the future, you will receive teachings through prayer, even in a daze, right? "Yes." You receive all teachings in a dreamlike state, right? "Yes." There are no ordinary people. The professors here are not included. (Laughter) There are none. So we are already on a different level. When I say this, it may seem rude, but since we are one family, I will speak frankly. (Laughter) We are on a different level. Even though I am here, when the family members in America pray, many people watch as if they are watching television when I go to Chungbuk and deal with people with dark faces. Ordinary people do not know that. You all know, right? "Yes."  
Therefore, the Unification Church is so amazing that it cannot do as it wishes. I am worried about that. Now the global situation has changed, and there are many secrets, that is to say, secrets regarding Japan, secrets regarding America, secrets regarding Germany, secrets regarding France, etc. Why? Because each country has different laws, we cannot make global moves if everything is disclosed.  
So it cannot be done. Why? Because I want all humanity to be blessed, but if I want to be blessed, I will be caught by the law. It cannot be done. There are many secrets. The larger the organization becomes, the more secrets there are, but this is something that can be known through prayer. Everyone knows.  
Also, there are currently missionaries in 127 countries, including Africa. However, they have been expelled from four countries. Why? Because they were fighting against communism. They are all communist countries. So now, there are missionaries in 123 countries, and when those frontline missionaries face difficulties, they receive teachings when they pray with tears. Do you know that? "Yes." Do you also receive teachings? Do you have such experiences? Do you have them or not? "Yes." If not, you are not a member of the Unification Church. It is guaranteed that you will receive 100% of the teachings. Therefore, those who do not believe in the Unification Church do not understand no matter how much you explain.  
In America, the young people have a relatively high level of knowledge. Since education is compulsory up to high school, everyone who goes to school will graduate from high school. Here, we have elementary school, middle school, and so on, but there, everyone graduates from high school. Also, considering the economic situation, American citizens can work part-time jobs and study at any time. Schools are always open for enrollment. There is a system of exams, so they can always enter. Thus, if they have the ability, they can take exams and graduate from college.  
Moreover, the educational system in America is different from that in Korea or Asia. The Asian educational system is just rote learning, right? They are not like that. It is not rote learning; they provide reference education. They conduct education that allows them to cultivate their independent abilities by writing papers and presenting research. So when someone who has graduated from college or graduate school receives a principle book, within a week, they can establish their own thesis. "This book is like this." They can establish a thesis. Within a week or two, they can completely extract the essence and be able to lecture on their own. Do you understand? "Yes." Such smart people are coming in. Even though such smart people are coming in, if the teacher gives an order, will they carry their belongings on their backs and jump into the fire? Will they or not? "They will." You all too? "Yes." Are you scared to do that? "No." Are you doing it because you like it? "Yes." (Laughter)  
Right now in America, they say Reverend Moon is brainwashing people, but it is not brainwashing. I stand on the platform and talk, and I talk about interesting things. Right now, it may not be interesting, but back then, I was talking about really interesting things. Also, when I provide personal guidance to individuals, I can see into their hearts. Do you understand? "This brat..." Do you understand what I mean? There is something like that.  
I have a high antenna. If you take out the antenna, it will rise. Then, short waves come in. You all only have long-wave devices, but Reverend Moon has short-wave devices as well. Do you understand? "Yes." (Laughter) It is a little different. Because it is a little different, I can do what ordinary people in the world cannot do. If I decide something, there has been no failure until now. Try to find a place where I have failed. Is there a failure or not? "No." So that is the problem.  
No matter how big America is... I tried to liberate President Nixon by going to him, but he did not listen to me, and that is how it turned out. So what, am I going to roam around China? When will they come looking for me? If President Ford listens to me, I will coach him on how to get elected, but if he does not listen, just wait and see. I think becoming president is not easy.  
Imagine if an Asian, especially a Korean, were to hold an event like the Yankee Stadium event or the Washington event. When they go to America, young Koreans think, "If I go to America, I will succeed," but that's a huge misunderstanding. America is a very cold and heartless country. You need to understand that. It is a rich country, but it does not know how to spend money loosely. Everything is based on computer data, and there is no forgiveness for even one cent. Do you understand? That is how society is.  
The overall assessment made by immigrants here is like this: "Oh, if I had worked like this in Korea, I would have lived well..." That is the conclusion. What does that mean? It means that everything is divided into sectors, so once you enter a certain field, you must completely act as a part for eight hours. Do you understand? If you do not act as a part, you will definitely be kicked out of your job. If you try to do this or that like in Korea...  
Korea is the best place, so do not regret being born in Korea.  
Looking at that, what is the best country in the world to live in, the country with the best humanity, a little complicated and a little talkative, but what is the best country? What country is it? "The Republic of Korea." Not the Korea with a lot of grievances, but the Korea that can relieve grievances is what you should think is good. Korea is good.  
I have not been to a country in the world that I have not visited. I have been to all the famous places. I have been everywhere, but there is no beautiful garden like Korea. And in Korea, you can go into the mountains without preparation, and if you get thirsty, even if you cannot find a well, you can dig anywhere with a hoe and water will come out. If you wait for about 30 minutes, you can drink it without getting diarrhea. There is no place where you can drink such spring water except Korea. Do you understand? Cheongpyeong water is good, but I don't know about Cheongju water. Is the water good or bad? (Pointing to the drink cup on the table) This is not Cheongju water. What is this? This is not water. I don't like this kind of thing, but I would like to try Cheongju water; this is soda. I like Cheongju water, but I don't like soda. (Laughter) Since I came to Cheongju, how about serving me a glass of clear water instead of saying it's clear liquor? (Laughter)  
Chungcheongbuk-do is the most pitiful province in Korea. Is it better than Gangwon-do? It is worse than Gangwon-do, right? "It is better than Gangwon-do." It is worse than Gangwon-do, isn't it? "It is better than Gangwon-do." Look. If Gangwon-do is developed into a tourist destination in the future, they can make a living, but where is there a place in Chungbuk that can be developed into a tourist destination? "Sokrisan." What? I have been to Sokrisan. That's the only one. (Laughter) It's pathetic. At best, they are just selling Sokrisan. Is there a river? What is there? So, which province is the most pitiful in Korea? It is Chungcheongbuk-do where you are living now. (Laughter) Good or bad, I am speaking honestly. It is definitely Chungcheongbuk-do. That must be acknowledged.  
However, that Chungcheongbuk-do is not bad. (Laughter) I have been everywhere. Unification Church members must believe me even if I lie, right? (Laughter) It shouldn't be like that, but you are that truthful, everyone. You are more truthful than I am when listening to me. I am speaking the truth. The teacher has not been to a place he hasn't visited. I have been to South America, North America, Africa, and all the famous places. With that, I have enough material to make a general assessment. Do you understand? "Yes."  
The teacher, no matter where he goes in the world, even if he goes to Africa, has a house where he can live, and even if he goes to South America, he has a house, and even if he goes to North America, he has a house, and...
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
The National Central Intelligence Agency knows everything. "If Reverend Moon does it, it can be done." That's what they know. Do you understand? "Yes." 

So, our men, if we believe in the Unification Church well and receive blessings, if we are capable, I can nurture them and open a path for them to go out into the world. And since that older brother does it, if the younger brother is within the will, he will also be able to open paths as much as he wants. What do I do with the money I earn? What do I do with the foundation I lay? Am I going to take it with me when I die? This is not done for Americans; it is actually done for Koreans. It may sound blunt, but that's the truth.

When I go to America, I am laying the groundwork to move all the senators and representatives. Ultimately, this is all to save Korea. If Korea is saved, will Chungcheongbuk-do be saved or not? (Laughter) Chungcheongbuk-do will be saved too. 

So which province is the most excellent in saving Korea? If it is a province that can listen well to my words, then the poorest and most underdeveloped province will become prosperous faster. Because it can be converted quickly without much investment... Do you understand? "Yes." What if I provide about 1 billion won in aid to Chungcheongbuk-do each year? I'm not saying I will do it, so don't report it. (Laughter) Who knows what will happen? I don't know that.

The Unification Church achieves what no one else can do. Now, the will of the Unification Church has become a global will. If we go a little further, there will be a struggle to take Reverend Moon away. Right now, the U.S. State Department is divided on this issue. On one side, they say, "If Reverend Moon is in our country, a lot of money comes from abroad..." And on the other side, they say, "It all falls into the hands of the yellow race. It falls into the hands of Reverend Moon. The amount of money is not the issue!" That's the reality.

If I am there, enormous resources will flow into that country. Religion is truly a powerful thing. If the teacher changes the landscape of all 120 countries, and says to one country, "Gather money," then tens of billions of dollars can be gathered in U.S. dollars in no time. If the Unification Church has just 100 million believers, and if each person is responsible for 10,000 dollars a year, that will be mine. If I say to pay taxes, they will pay, excluding Korea. (Laughter) "They said they would help, but they are saying scary things." Their eyes widen... (Laughter)

If they are Americans, they will definitely do it. Right now, the minimum responsibility amount that our American youth must earn is 12,000 dollars a month. 12,000 dollars is the salary of a university professor for a year. The professor who came from Korea, whatever his name is, has now become a lifetime professor, but he earns a total of 12,000 dollars a year after taxes. However, the young ladies I have trained, who have only graduated from high school and didn't even attend high school because they disliked studying, have become capable individuals who can earn 12,000 dollars a month. At least, on average, they are all earning more than 3,000 dollars, excluding all interest, and if they don't earn more than 3,000 dollars on average after deducting the cost of goods, they won't be treated as family members.

How is that possible? I taught them. I taught them how to make money. Do you understand? I brought in Japanese girls who couldn't speak English and sent them out on the first day saying, "You need money to work in today's economic activities. Reverend Moon will never help you with money. You have to earn and spend with your own hands." I educated Japanese girls and boys who couldn't speak any English, as well as German girls and boys. Even the mute in America earns a living... they pretend to be mute. (Laughter) "In a nutshell, the daily responsibility amount is over 100 dollars!" I drew the line. Can you believe that? You can't believe it, can you? Do you believe it or not? "I believe it." 100 dollars is about 50,000 won in Korean currency. Do you have confidence in earning 100 dollars a day? You can't earn it in Korea, but you can earn it well in America if you try.

Right now, I have mobilized about 1,000 economic members. Because I have mobilized 1,000, 3 million dollars comes in every month. Do you understand? You need to know that I am spending more than 2 million dollars a month right now. In Korean money, that's 1 billion, 1 billion. So this is a significant cooperation in America. A large company usually incurs losses unless it earns money, but Reverend Moon comes with empty hands and earns millions of dollars every month and spends it in bulk. So it's astonishing. No matter how much you study, you can't figure it out. Do you understand? The American youth have learned that skill. They have learned it, so it is exciting and cool. It's like a dream. Graduating from college, they earn only 700 dollars a month, but earning ten times that is not a problem. So they are excited. Meeting Eastern people... Do you understand?

When I think like this, if there are 10 million Unification Church members in America, how much will it be if I mobilize 100,000? How much will it be if I mobilize just 10,000? That's 30 million dollars. If I mobilize 100,000, that's 300 million. If I mobilize 1 million, that's 3 billion. I can mobilize resources like this. No one else can do that. Only I can... even the President of the United States cannot do that. The CIA director cannot do that. Only I can do that. With what? With mental power. Right? So this is a matter of concern.

To move such resources, helping a place like Chungbuk, what is 1 billion... isn't it? So know that and don't be discouraged about being born a Korean, and don't feel regret about being born in Chungbuk. Do you understand? "Yes." That's why I originally wanted to establish a school in Cheongju. Where did Park Jong-gu go? I wanted to create a Seonghwa Academy. If there were just a few people who shared the same will, I would definitely have tried to establish middle and high schools, but I realized that playing around was wrong. So it is currently in a state of suspension, but I will test it again. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." So don't be discouraged. Don't be discouraged about being born in Chungbuk, and absolutely do not be discouraged about being born a Korean.

Efforts that do not lose to others will be blessed. Moreover, looking at our Unification Church, it is a product of Korea, where is it from? "It is from Korea." It is from Korea. Where is Reverend Moon from? (Laughter) Where is he from? He is from Pyeongan-do. Then where is the ancestral root of the Moon family from Pyeongan-do? I am from Jeollado, Jeollado. I am from the Nam-pyeong Moon family. Do you understand? "Yes." And where is my mother's ancestry? "Cheongju." Why is my mother's hometown Cheongju? It is in Pyeongan-nam-do. (Laughter) It is in Pyeongan-nam-do, but my mother is a Han. She is from Pyeongan-nam-do, but where is the Han family's ancestry? It is in Cheongju.

That's why I came to the province where my in-laws are. (Laughter) Don't laugh. They say if the bride is good, even when seeing the iron stake of the in-laws, one bows down. (Laughter) That can be the case. The people of Cheongju are kind-hearted, and my mother is a wonderful mother, and if many children like me are born, all the great leaders of the world will come from there, and when they say, "Let's go to your maternal home," where will they go? Can they go from here to Pyeongan-nam-do? They cannot. So where is the top ancestor of the maternal home? Cheongju, so if our sons and daughters all go to find their mother's family, they will come to Cheongju. At that time, if those people establish a market, it will become a market.

When I quietly look at our children, they are smart. They have not been in America for long, but they are all the talk of the school. Starting from our Yejin. She is in the first year of high school, right? Was she in the first year of middle school? (Laughter) She entered the first year of middle school, and even though she couldn't speak any English, she went in and studied hard until two, three, or four o'clock. Seeing the teacher's prestige, as the daughter of a renowned teacher in America, she thought, "Why would I let my father's prestige fall in a school like this?" and studied hard, staying up all night, and within six months, she caught up. After more than seven months, she started to get remarkable grades. Seeing that, I realize our children are exceptionally smart.

Is the teacher not smart? (Laughter) Am I not smart? "You are." Do you think I am not smart or do you think I am smart? I worry that I am too smart. (Laughter) If I remember, I will remember forever, so no matter how much you try to pull it out, it won't come out. That's why I don't try to remember. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

When we boast about our ancestors, our grandfather and great-grandfather are all world-class scholars. Our great-grandfather is, of course, a Confucian scholar, but he had the potential to become a world-class scholar. He was not lacking in intelligence. Do you understand? Would I have become this much if I were not smart? This much has been achieved. Right? "Yes." My mother is also not lacking in intelligence. If you look at my mother, who was born in Cheongju, she is not lacking in intelligence. Being born from those two, I am quite clever. By the time they are two years old, they are already trying to play with their parents. So when those children grow up... When I see that, even though I am criticized and go around like this, I know that our family will be blessed in the future. In the future, those sons and daughters may help Cheongju without even knowing it.

Since I have said this, I might get caught in conditions. When I say, "Did I come to Cheongju during my tour and say this?" the people of Cheongju might say, "Oh, he said he might help us, not just in his generation but even in his children's generation, so why isn't he helping?" It might become a condition.

So know this and think of Chungcheongbuk-do as a good place. Since half of the birthplace of the Unification Church is where my mother was born, take pride in it and feel good about it. Instead, you must make efforts that do not lose to others. On the day you make efforts, Chungcheongbuk-do will be blessed. So, will you make that effort? "Yes." Absolutely do not be discouraged about being born a Korean. Huh? "Yes." You should not be discouraged about being born in Chungbuk.

That's why in the future, if there are young ladies born in Chungbuk who abandon Chungbuk and come to Seoul, I will identify them all and expel them. Innocent girls from the mountains of Chungcheongbuk-do will find themselves in the tiger's den when they go to Seoul, and many will fail. So our Unification Church girls must stay here until I tell them to go up to Seoul. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Then I will find them good husbands. They will take care of their parents and go to church. If they do this, there will be good outcomes. This time, when I came to Daejeon, I looked at the faces of those women, and the girls from Chungbuk are good. They are good. If an older person evaluates that, it is definitely true. So I hope you understand that and have hope. Do you understand? "Yes."

How will the Unification Church govern religion? The side conversation has become too long. Now, have we become close enough? Have we become close enough? "Yes." Now, even if I make mistakes while speaking and occasionally curse, the older people should not get angry. The young ones are all around the age of my sons and daughters, right? Isn't that right? "Yes." Before long, I will see my grandchildren. So I have to curse at these young ones. I need to give them a good shock. Isn't that right? If I tighten this bolt, when it first sticks and won't turn, I have to tighten it mercilessly until it turns. Just like that, good words won't work. I need to hit it hard. Only then will they say, "Oh my!" and wake up. To do that, even if I pour out unimaginable curses, I hope you understand? "Yes." The elders here, the professors...

"Oh my, the person called teacher appears in public... he is someone who doesn't know etiquette!" I know all that. I am someone who can also function in Western society, so I know all that and have learned more than enough. Even if I were to be a lecturer, I have the ability to do so, so you should recognize that.

There is a term called elder. It is not the raw material of a fertilizer factory. (Laughter) An elder is someone who has made many contributions in that field. Such an elder can sometimes be connected with foolishness. "It cannot be!" But it can still be connected. Please understand that. Do you understand? "Yes."

You are members of the Unification Church, right? Where are you members from? "We are members of the Unification Church." What does the Unification Church do? What is the Unification Church? It is a ridiculous church. Look. It is difficult to unify a person's heart and body, which have been separated and have been struggling throughout their lives, even with training and devotion, and if a husband and wife are fighting and living together, how can they unify a church? Is that possible? Huh? The spirits of the Unification Church, can this Unification Church unify the church? Answer me. Can the church be unified? This is a very serious issue. Can you do that? "Yes." How? "By relying on God's power..." If you rely on God's power, what will the Unification Church do in this tent-like Unification Church? It will be done in the large established churches. Huh? "Through the Unification Principle." What principle is that? "The truth." What truth is that, oh my. (Laughter) How can you unify with the Unification Principle?

The most precious treasure has unique and eternal value. Now, what is the most precious thing in the world? Let's point it out. What is the most precious? "Love." Yes, love. What comes next? What comes next? Money, doesn't money count? (Laughter) Money is precious, right? Money. What comes next? "Knowledge." Right. Knowledge. What comes next? "Power." Do you like power? (Laughter)

If you had to choose just one of those, not both, and choose the best, what would it be? "Love." Love? What kind of love is that? What kind of love? "True love." Have you seen true love? (Laughter) There are many ladies here. Living with a husband, saying there is no one better than my husband, "Oh, my love!" and living well, is that the love? "……." That's the problem.

Where is true love? Where is true love? Look. The standard of value, when considering what a valuable existence is, must have eternity. Without eternity, it cannot be a valuable existence. An existence that is influenced by changing environments according to the times and circumstances cannot be a valuable existence and cannot be a standard of value. It must be eternal and unchanging. And it must have a unique character that only it possesses. That is the nature of the most precious treasures.
So, what can we consider as treasures? First of all, when we talk about treasures? "Diamonds." Diamonds. What comes next? "Pearls." Pearls. What comes after that? "Gold." Gold, precious stones. That's how we refer to them. Now, what exactly are they? What are they like?

Look. Diamonds are made of carbon. This can be created by human hands now. The diamonds made by humans are said to be more beautiful than natural diamonds. What is the characteristic of diamonds? They are kings of hardness, in terms of hardness. Nothing can invade them in terms of being hard. Do you understand? They are the hardest. They have that characteristic, and they possess various other properties as well.

Next is gold. Is gold hard? It is soft, isn't it? Do you all wear the rings made for your weddings? "Yes." They tried to make it 24-karat gold, but it was made with 20-karat gold. Why? Because if it touches something once, it gets scratched, so it can't be… Gold is soft. However, what is the characteristic of gold as a treasure? Its color does not change. Do you understand? The color that existed a thousand years ago, or a thousand years later, or ten thousand years later, that color does not change. Because it has the characteristic of being unchanging in terms of color, it has emerged as a treasure.

And pearls. What kind of gem is a pearl? It comes from a shell… right? However, it has an elegantly combined color. It is always pleasing to the eye, and in terms of that elegant light, no one can invade that place, and at the same time, that elegant light changes with the seasons. The better the pearl, the more it emits that light forever. There lies the characteristic of a treasure.

Each of these gems has its unique individuality. They possess a unique nature that is eternal and unchanging, and we cannot deny the fact that such objects have emerged as the standard of treasures. Do you understand? "Yes."

Then, among nature, what can be recognized as treasures? What about among humans? The same principle applies to humans. Past, present, future, or wherever you go in the earthly world or the heavenly world, unless one becomes an existence that can exert an equal value influence without changing, one cannot be considered a treasure-like human. Do you understand?

From this perspective, if a true human exists, the thoughts that person possesses must go on forever. They must not change. Furthermore, they must be unique. There must be only one. There cannot be two. If they possess a thought that can be recognized as a standard wherever they go, then they can only be called a person like a great treasure.

If such a talented person exists, not only will God like them, but our ancestors from the past will also like them, and the people of this era will like them, and even the descendants of the future, regardless of the countless generations to come, will all be able to like such a person. When such a person becomes a character, they can be referred to as a human treasure. Is that correct? "Yes." Therefore, if there is a thought, what kind of thought is it? It is a thought that can create a human like a treasure. Humans must seek such a thought. Anything else is fake, fake. The real thing is only one. Do you understand? "Yes." When it comes to the kind of people that can be called human, there is only one that can be real. Based on that one standard, evaluations can be made in terms of 98 percent or 70 percent.

God, humans, and all things desire the emergence of a person like a treasure. Then, where will such a treasure-like human be born? This is the question. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Where will a treasure-like human be born? Simply put, one might say from the mother's womb, but unless the mother and father possess the content that can produce such sons and daughters, they cannot give birth to them. This is the conclusion.

Then, has such a treasure-like human appeared on this planet today? Have we ever looked for a person who has emerged as a true human standard with the criteria of a human treasure? Do you think there has been? In the East, in the West, or in Africa, has there been anyone whom no one could evaluate in terms of value? Has there been? "There was none in the past." There was none in the past, but is there one now? "Yes." What do you mean by 'yes'? That is the problem.

No matter how poor a person from South Korea may be, if such a person emerges among South Koreans, would that be good or bad? "Good." Oh, you like it even if you eat barley rice and don’t eat bread? You like it even if you live in a thatched house? The external issues are not even a problem. It is good even if it is a thatched house. If that is the case, then South Korea is good, and the yellow race is good. That is not a problem. If a model, a human value model, emerges, everyone will be interested in that person. If there is a God who created heaven and earth, would God be interested or not? "He would be." God would also be interested. All of humanity would be interested.

Then, if I am not able to be such a person, is it a good thing for this nation to have the hope that such a person will emerge? "It is a good thing." It is a good thing. If the whole world can follow that influence and live well, then South Korea will be honored as the mother country! That is how it will be. Is that person ten or one? "One person." One person. That is what must exist.

When we talk about fake and real, who is the real person? Is there a real person? If there are no real people in the universe, can we find true love? You all said love is good, right? You said love is good? "Yes." If there are no real people, can we find true love? Is it there or not? "There is not." 

Then where will we find that real person? In the neighboring town? Try looking there. Look in that neighboring province. If you can’t find it in Korea, go to Japan and look for it. If you can’t find it in Japan, go to America and look for it. Go to hundreds of countries around the world and look for it. Can you find a real person? Do you think you can find one?

Look. As you know, what kind of era is this? It is a chaotic time. It is a time of emergency. We feel that we are in a crisis where we have entered every dead-end alley and are caught in a whirlpool, possibly crashing against a rock and shattering into pieces at any moment.

Look at America, which leads the democratic world. Can you trust America? Is America a changing America or an unchanging America? "A changing America." Since it is a changing America, it cannot serve as a model for a true nation. It cannot become a treasure-like nation. America, which flows with time and is pushed by the wind, has already been eliminated from the standards of an ideal nation today.

Then what about communism? Communism, too, has parties in Italy and France that oppose the Soviet Union and have declared their own paths. "Yes." Communism has been struggling in dreams, but now as dawn approaches, it is beginning to find itself. Although it dreamed of communizing the world, it is now scattering. Why? Because the very essence of communism has too much potential to change. The logic of dialectics is structured that way.

When we look at dialectics itself, it is a logic that cannot establish the value standard of a true treasure. It is a temporary phenomenon, and because the democratic world does not realize itself, cannot find its place, and cannot find its path, I see it as a means that God can allow as a whip.

From this perspective, we can no longer trust the democratic world, nor can we trust the communist world. This is how it has become. Then, who is the master of this world? Is there a master of the world? Is there a master? "There is not." Is America the master? "No." If America were the master, would everyone be happy? They would all spit on it. Would they be happy if the communists were the masters? Those bastards are frauds. Then would it be good if South Korea were the master? Huh? "Yes." For that to happen, the whole world must be able to say, "South Korea, lead me!"

What is the master? What kind of person is a master? A master is someone who has the qualifications and authority to take responsibility for everything in the whole household. A person who cannot take responsibility cannot be a master. So can South Korea be the master of the world and take responsibility for the whole world? Is that possible or not? Answer me. Is it possible or not? 

Even if this small country says, "I will take responsibility for the world," that is concerning. For a year or ten years, it may be able to act as a fake master, but it is difficult to truly act as a real master forever.

Then where is the master who can truly act as a master forever? Wouldn’t it be wonderful to find that master and meet their home? Meeting the master’s home, meeting the master’s relatives, meeting the master’s nation, meeting the master’s world, wouldn’t that be wonderful? Those who think of such a perspective cannot help but envision such ideals. Do you understand? "Yes." However, today, in this universe, if only humans exist, it seems impossible to find such a person, which is why we are in a state of despair. Do you acknowledge that?

That is why we talk about the collapse of values and the post-ideological age, and we are in a situation where we are demanding leaders who can guide the world with a subjective ideology. Economic issues are not the problem, political issues are not the problem, and scientific issues are not the problem. If a true treasure-like human emerges and presents a new revolution, envisioning the ideal realm of life, if there is a true individual who can lead from a valuable individual to a valuable family and then to a valuable world, how wonderful would that be? That is the concern of those who think today. Do you understand? "Yes." You probably don’t even think about such things, do you?

Where can we find such a person? If we can find such a person in the human world, from what lineage can we find them? Among scientists? You cannot find them among scientists or philosophers. Why? Because in philosophy, the definition of God or the divine varies. Philosophy is changing. Therefore, you cannot find them there.

Then where can we find them? History changes, but where is the country or organization that has an unchanging historical background that influences this era? Democracy is present now, but that democracy is also changing. If we look for something that does not change in such a changing world, what could it be? It is religion, religion. Do you understand? When we look at religion, we can categorize it into four major cultural spheres: Buddhist culture, Christian culture, Hindu culture, and Islamic culture. "Yes."

What has been the origin and driving force of human spiritual civilization today? It has emerged from this foundation centered on religion, which has been globalized and has become the driving force behind today’s cultural world. This is a historical fact that you all know well. Do you understand? "Yes."

Christianity has developed for 2,000 years. However, it must continue to research and develop from now on. Christianity has survived for 2,000 years, overcoming death and suffering under numerous political oppressions without changing. Do you understand? "Yes."

In the future, in front of humanity, when we look at the horizontal human world, it cannot be done with politics. It cannot be done with philosophy. That all changes. It cannot be done with science either. Scientific logic also changes.

Therefore, because we still cannot determine an unchanging ideal type like a treasure, no matter how much we pursue ideals on such a foundation, it is all empty words, empty words. It is futile, futile.

From this perspective, what is the one thing we can wish for? This person, Moon Sun-myung, has thought about such things since childhood. To recognize the value of truth through religion, it must be recognized alongside the past, present, and future. In that sense, there must be a true human who can be needed not only by humans but also by God, and we can find the logic that such things can only be resolved through religion. Do you understand? "Yes."

From this perspective, when we look at today’s religions, they all have the thought of the Second Coming. And if we quietly observe the founders of religions, they are mostly individuals who have been revered as saints, and if we analyze those saints, they are all people who have worshipped God. Isn’t that strange? There are no people other than those who worship God.

Look. The Buddha of Buddhism is also called a saint, right? "Yes." He is a person who worshipped God. Isn’t that so? Because he is the founder of a religion. And Jesus of Christianity is also called the Son of God, right? "Yes." Confucianism also fundamentally rests on the idea of revering heaven. The same goes for Islam. All religions are based on God. It is an undeniable historical fact that those who tried to present the relationship between humans and God at a higher level and more clearly have influenced today’s world cultural sphere.

Moreover, religion is not a matter of opportunism that flows with the changes of the times. It is not a matter of grayism. It is a matter of singularity. It goes on! Even if there is opposition, it goes on. No matter how much a diamond may be, in terms of hardness, it says, "You try!" It breaks through. "Come if you will! Whoever can defeat me, come; I will go." In terms of light, it says, "Come, light that can surpass gold." "You all must bow before my light." There is such a sentiment, don’t you think? "Yes." Religion is not opportunism. It is not compromise. It is unilateralism, unilateralism. "Right is right. Wrong is wrong." That is unilateralism.

In this light, where will we find a person like a treasure? It is likely that we can find them in places that do not change, in places that have remained unchanged throughout history, within the realm of religion, where we can discover the person of human treasure.

From this perspective, when we consider whether there are scriptures or religious views that contain such content, we find that any high-level religion has the thought of the Second Coming. Without that, it cannot be called a high-level religion. Did not the Buddha say that the time of the Maitreya Buddha will come? He spoke of the Second Coming. Those who believe in Confucianism also speak of the arrival of the true person. Christianity...
Needless to say, the followers of the Unification Church think that way too, all of them. 
Then, at the very end of the world to come, such a person will surely arrive. 
100 What is the Unification Church?
In any case, such a person is recognized in Buddhism, Confucianism, and various religions, but the core model is one person. This is the owner who possesses the highest treasure-like value of humanity. Do you understand? “Yes.” Owner, owner, owner. 
So far, we are all fakes, fakes. Look. Why are we fakes? Because our body and mind are not one and are struggling. What is real about that? Can something real exist when two are fighting? Can something real exist? “No.” This contradiction in human nature has been discovered through dialectics. It has been found from the struggle of humanity itself. People like Hegel, you know. It’s not the time to talk about such deep matters, but… 
From the struggle between body and mind, materialism and idealism emerged. 
You all, are you real people or fake people? It seems rude to ask, but since there are elders here, I will ask. If I ask, “Are you a real person or a fake person?” what answer will you give? Let’s hear your answers, professors. What do you think? Are you real people? “…….” You cannot say. You have to follow the theory. If you are caught up in theory, there’s no other way. What is real about being unable to become one? 
I feel good, you know. Coming to Chungbuk and gathering so many people, I can boldly say that you are all fake people, and yet you remain silent. Even if I speak loudly… What kind of accident happened? That’s what it is. 
Now, look. Throughout our lives, we have wished for happiness, but where is happiness? Happiness must be within me; if it is elsewhere, it is of no use. Is there happiness when the body and mind are fighting each other? If the Buddhas are bickering and a friend comes in saying, “Hey, so-and-so!” does that feel good? If an old friend says, “Hey, friend! Let’s have a drink!” does that connect? Where is happiness? It is said that there is no happiness when one is not united. 
These days, we talk about unification, unification plans. I am the one who desires unification in South Korea more than anyone else. But where do we seek unification plans? It is not found at the 38th parallel. First, break through the 38th parallel in your heart! This unification is more urgent. On the day of unification, the nation will automatically unify. If we establish a direction of goodwill and a value system of goodwill, there will be no difference between people from Chungcheongbuk-do and Gyeongsangnam-do. Where do we achieve unification? It must start from the 38th parallel in our hearts. 
Because such people have been planted, two factions have been established: one is the history of theism, which has borne fruit in religion, and the other is the history of materialism, which has opened up a worldview like the body. We must understand that the fruit of this has become today’s realistic world. That is why the world is at its end. 
Where did materialism and theism come from? They came from me, from me. In other words, they came from humanity. Right? Where were their ancestors? They were in my heart, in my body. Because what was planted from the origin of the struggle between body and mind became individuals, individuals fought, and those individuals formed families, which fought, and those families formed tribes, which also fought, and those tribes formed nations, which did the same… When such individuals gather, they become a democratic world and a communist world. In other words, it became a world of idealism and a world of materialism. When viewed globally and systematically… 
So, where should we resolve this struggle? We cannot solve it in the very fruits of communism and democracy. The only way to discover a path to resolve and alleviate the conflict of body and mind, centered on the individual in human nature, is to find a way to unify. 
The unification of body and mind must be done with a content that denies itself and is unchanging. 
What can do that? Can politics do it? “No.” Can economics do it? “No.” What can do it? What can? Can changing ideologies do it? Can ideologies that were needed temporarily do it? Can we fix the chronic wars and entrenched maladies that have persisted through millions of years of human history with changing ideologies? We cannot. There is no way to fix it unless we plant something that cannot change. Is that right? In this world, whether it be democracy or communism, we cannot just create temporary winds. We cannot do it without finding a fundamental principle. 
True principles are those that can connect with true love, which is the ideal standard of humanity, and can be found within a love realm that encompasses worldliness, rather than within the limited realm of today’s mundane humanity. It may sound a bit difficult, but that’s the only way I can express it. Do you understand? “Yes.” 
We must break down this wall. We must ignore ourselves. We must engage in this movement. In seeking solutions to the immediate challenges we face, we cannot approve of ourselves. We must disregard ourselves. If we pursue this movement theoretically, presenting such problems based on a historical, global, and unchanging content, if it can start from the truth and be restored from what has been broken, then a standard of possible peace will emerge, a standard of true humanity will arise, and true humanity will come into being. Thus, true peace will emerge from there, and we will be able to find true love from there. This is theoretical. 
That is why the difficult problems in today’s South Korea, and the issues of being threatened in the face of communism internationally, are urgent, but these problems cannot be solved by South Korea alone. The more urgent issue is where to find the standard of true humanity, true humans, and valuable unchanging treasures that can solve this collectively by drawing a standard of common destiny for humanity. 
Christianity is the religion that has taken on the final role at the end of days. 
From this perspective, if God exists, He would not be unaware of the suffering humanity is facing, so there must be historical preparations or predictions for the sake of saving and helping humanity. 
Who is the representative being who could not avoid such preparations? It is believed that such a being can become the owner. Do you understand? “Yes.” What is that? It is the idea of the Savior, the idea of the Messiah, the Messiah concept of Christianity. Today, those who believe in Christianity are making a fuss over nothing. However, the true treasure-like human, the model of a treasure-like human, will appear and set the standard for the measurement of all humanity, and will be the representative figure who can lead us into a new era, which is the expression of the Savior. That’s the only way I can say it. 
Then, among religions, which religion can take on such a mission or give birth to it? When we think about this, we see that there is no religion other than one that can advocate the path of pursuing true love. That is why it proclaims, “God is love.” Isn’t that so? 
It proclaims God as love, Jesus as love, and figures like Buddha as compassion, while Confucius speaks of benevolence. They are all the same. Although the standards presented are all different, if we focus on the content, we must recognize that they are one. Let’s reach the truth! 
Let’s reach the unchanging, eternal treasure-like humanity. This is the standard of ideal hope that all religions carry. History flows toward this, and while it has branched off in various directions, there must be a religion that flows toward this central standard, toward the destination. Such religions are the world religions that have formed today’s cultural sphere. 
So, which of the four major religions is the true religion? This question arises. Among them, the religion that centers on love and seeks to materialize the content of love will be the mainstream religion among them. 
Why? Humans are not moved by money, nor by power, nor by knowledge. If there is unchanging love, they will want to fix their lives there forever. In the face of true love, they are willing to sacrifice their lives. Isn’t that so? “Yes.” Therefore, if such a path opens among such religions, we must seek that path within those religions. What kind of religion will that be? It will be a religion that aspires to the unity of ideal love of humanity and ideal love of God—this must not be divided. 
What kind of religion will that be? The more such content is abundantly provided, the more it will become a global religion if God exists, and it will be the religion that takes on the final role at the end of days. What religion is that? It is Christianity, Christianity. When we look at the Buddhist scriptures, they discuss the law rather than the personality of God. This does not reach a personal God. If one is not careful, they may fall into a dangerous state that can collude with materialism and communism. 
Looking at Confucianism, it says that those who follow heaven will prosper, and those who go against heaven will perish, but there is no concrete content about what heaven is. It is vague. What is “heaven”? Interestingly, “heaven” means two people. It is two people, right? “Yes.” Two people are heaven (二+人). “Benevolence” (仁) also means two people (人+二). Chinese characters are interesting. 
It can also be said that heaven is where two people become one. That’s right. Two people must completely become one! That’s right. A completely united person… It is already said that without God, one cannot become heaven. 
From this perspective, when analyzing such religious realms, Confucianism and Buddhism are the same… Islam is a crude religion. It asks you to either hold the Quran or the sword, one or the other. There is no religion that does that. This is the final deceptive religion centered on Satan, a deceptive religion. There is a term called deceptive tactics? It was created to destroy the Christian cultural sphere. It emerged in the 7th century AD. It has deviated from the essence of religion. One cannot discuss religion with a sword. It must be discussed with love. 
From this perspective, we can see that Christianity holds superiority there. Why? Jesus appeared and said, “I am the only begotten Son of God.” This is truly an astonishing statement. When I pursued this comprehensive theory and understood it from a deductive perspective, I thought, “Wow! Jesus is a wonderful man.” Historically, he may seem insignificant, but “Before God, I am the only begotten Son!” Wow! This is a captivating statement, a captivating statement. 
What does the only begotten Son do with God’s love? Does he monopolize it? “He monopolizes it.” He monopolizes it. This is already a decisive blow, saying that if there is God’s love directed toward humanity, “It cannot be done without me.” In that sense, Christianity is a global religion. If God exists, He can support this as a global religion, bless it, and develop it into a religion. 
Moreover, it is amazing that he did not call his followers disciples, nor friends, but brothers. This speaks of brotherly love. That is different. You and I, all humans, are sons before God. The statement in John 14, “I am in the Father, and the Father is in me, and you are in me, and I am in you,” is all discussed through this interconnected relationship. In the emotional realm, this ethical view of human morality is woven together in a way that can pass 100 percent. 
Furthermore, Jesus says, “You are the bride, and I am the bridegroom!” This has all been laid out. Christianity is the bride, and I am the bridegroom. How profound is the relationship of the bride and bridegroom? No matter how many revolutions have occurred in history, this cannot be revolutionized. That’s the content. And what did it pursue? It dreamed of an ideal family. It dreamed of an ideal family centered on God. Because it dreamed of this unchanging ideal family centered on love, what did God seek through this religion? It was not to find a nation. For a nation to emerge, there must be a people, for a people to emerge, there must be a tribe, for a tribe to emerge, there must be a family, and for a family to emerge, there must be true men and women. 
That is why, before the world emerges, before the people emerge, before the tribe emerges, before the family emerges, we must find true men and women. That is why, when we look at the 66 books of the Old and New Testaments, the conclusion that it is wrapped up as bride and bridegroom can only mean to find one true man and one true woman. 
All religions aim to create one true man and one true woman. So what will happen? If true men and true women emerge, can we not discover the true love of the true man and the true love of the true woman? Can we not? “There is.” No! There is not? “There is!” No! (laughs) Isn’t there? “There is!” You stubborn ones, even though you know you can win in a fight, you can’t answer? You— (laughs) The temperament of Chungcheong-do people doesn’t work. If it were Jeolla-do people, they would have quickly said, “Yes, yes!” (laughs) Even when you corner them to win, they can’t answer… Can you win? “Yes.” (One person answers loudly. laughs) If you say, “I can win,” you should say, “No.” But you say, “Yes.” (laughs) What is this? 
Then, let’s ask God. “God, what on earth are you?” We must ask that. “You wear a tie.” I must tie my tie tightly and ask, “God, what kind of person do you want to meet?” I must ask that. “If you are God, what kind of person do you want to meet?” 
So, if we ask God, what answer will He give? That answer is almost like a conclusion. It is the true person who can move history and unify this chaotic world, who can be eternally united without the struggle between body and mind, and who can restore morality and even unify the heavenly principles, and finally live in love… That is the ideal.
God created humans because He wanted to live in love. If you ask, "God! What is the purpose of creating all these religions, including Christianity and even the Unification Church today?" the answer is simple: "I do not like being lonely." If you ask God, He would respond like this. When you say, "Isn't it because you have been an absolute being until now, so you like being lonely?" would God say, "That's good," or would He say, "That's bad"? "He would say it's bad." What? He says it's bad? "Yes." Why? Why is it bad? "Because it's lonely." What loneliness can there be for an absolute being? He can just be alone.

Why is there loneliness? Can love be done alone? "No." That's right. It cannot! For a moment, temporarily, or forever? "Forever." It can only be eternal. If this formula is correct, can God love if there is no counterpart? "No." It’s the same. No matter how great God is, without a counterpart, He is a pitiful God. What kind of God is that? "A pitiful God." Even the President is living alone now; is he a pitiful person or a happy person? "A pitiful person." He is a pitiful person. So, you should have a lot of sympathy for Him. Listen well, especially those who are becoming public servants… It's the same principle.

"Why did God create people? Did He create them because He needed money? Did He create them because He needed knowledge? Did He create them because He needed power? You already have everything; why did you create them?" You should question this. "He created them because He wanted to live in love." That's the only answer. Do you understand? "Yes."

This is not an empty theory. Now, ask. Ask God why He created humans. "Because He wanted to live in love." What kind of love is that? Fake love? The love of humans living on this earth today? Meeting a true person and being intoxicated with true love, what kind of love is that? "My love." Do you know that? (Laughter) My love! It’s my love, not someone else's love.

Then, would God want to dance or not? Think about it. Would God want to dance or not? "He would want to." Let's ask Professor Bae, who is usually quiet. Professor Bae, if you are happy, would you want to dance or not? "I would want to." Everyone would feel that way. If a person feels that way, would God want to dance if He is happy or not? "He would want to."

If God dances, the heavens and the earth, the five oceans and six continents, Asia would go "bang," then North and South America would go "bang," then Africa would go "bang," and Oceania would go "bang." If it goes "bang bang" five times, what would happen to the world? (Laughter) Would everyone like it or dislike it? "They would like it." Even if they roll around drooling, they would like it. Have you ever heard of God dancing like that? "No, I haven't." Have you ever seen such a thing? "No, I haven't."

So, would He only dance? What comes next? "He would sing too." Of course, of course. (Laughter) Have you heard it? "No, I haven't." Being intoxicated with love, "Oh, my love…." All the beings in the universe would want to see and hear the owner being happy, wouldn't they? Right? "Yes." If they were born with an emotional aspect, it should be that way.

Furthermore, not only singing, but God also wants to hear laughter. When He laughs, the earth would shake. (Laughter) The waters of the Pacific would rise and fall, and the mountains would rise and fall. Would the mountains, rivers, and plants want such a place or not? "They would want it." Even the ugly ones among you want it? "Yes." Then how about the beautiful sons and daughters of God? It's the same. Whether they are small creatures or animals, everyone wants it.

So, seeing God dance, hearing God sing, and seeing God laugh, they would be so happy that they would drool…. Snot, tears, and saliva would flow, and what would you call that? (Laughter) Even if a line forms, would they say that person is crazy or that person is happy? Would they say, "That person is crazy," or "That person is happy"? "That person is happy." The one who says that person is crazy is the crazy one. (Laughter) I would like it if the world were crazy like that. Even if I turn over the sign that says I am the leader of the Unification Church, I want that. What about you? "I want it." Then do you resemble me? (Laughter) That makes me feel bad. (Laughter) However, in God's love, the more you resemble Him, the better it is. In worldly love, it would be a disaster if you resemble Him, but in God's love, the more you resemble Him, the better it is. There is such a law. I can't explain it because there's no time.

When a complete plus arises, a complete minus arises; that is the law of the universe. If you ask God, He would also say, "I do not like being lonely!" This must be understood. What does God seek? Love. God created humans on this earth to fulfill the ideal of love, but what kind of being can be the object of God's love? It is not a monkey. It is not something like a gorilla. There can be no one other than humans on this earth. Do you understand? "Yes."

Then among humans, the white race? "No." Then the black race? "No." The yellow race? "Yes." Can you just say "yes" without thinking? It doesn't matter. Whether black, yellow, or white, what God desires is that there are only men and women who possess true love. Do you understand? "Yes." If the yellow race becomes that first, then even if the white and black races are all discarded, God will hold onto them, and He will come here. If there is a woman wearing a skirt and jeogori like a Korean, God will come to her. I don't need to go find Him. (Laughter) Look. When a complete minus arises, a complete plus arises; that is the law of the universe. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Men, do not lament, "Oh, I can't get married." If you have true love, you won't even dream of marriage, and a lovely wife will naturally appear. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Look. Even mice run away when a typhoon seems to be coming, but humans, the masters of all creatures, do not realize they are about to die and charge in. They cannot be that dull and that damaged. People like broken pots…. Even a broken pot can at least drink water when it is busy, but when a person is broken, they cannot drink anything. I’m sorry! "It's okay." Is it okay? (Laughter) Don't say that to your grandfather.

Now, is that the situation? If there is a God who is the Lord of all creation, if there is a Father God, is it acceptable that you have not seen Him laugh, dance, or sing? Do you have the qualifications to be His sons and daughters? "No." What can be done with such sons and daughters?

The day when God is liberated from loneliness will automatically bring about unity. When you think of this, many religions today say, "God is holy, and because He is omnipotent in the heavens, He is always happy and shares blessings…." Not at all. Such religions are all flowing away. Those religions are fundamentally wrong. When the end comes, God will discard all those religions. He will clean them up. Therefore, if God exists, with the collapse of the world's trends at the end, the time for the collapse of those religions must come, you can see it like this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Thinking about that, what did the person known as the leader of the Unification Church think? Who will liberate the lonely God! Isn't that wonderful? "Yes." Throughout history, no one has understood the heart of God, who has led humanity in loneliness…. Is there no true man and true woman who can relieve the deep loneliness in His heart? This is what I am thinking. So, since these problems remain that the people of the world could not solve, I, a person named Moon from the Unification Church, will try to tackle this task! This is how the Unification Church began.

The day when God's loneliness is resolved and the day when God's suffering until now is liberated, there will be no need for unity. No need for universal unity! No need for North-South unity! Everything will reach completion. In such a position, the Unification Church is not the issue. The unified world is not the issue.

God is a God who can dance, a God who can laugh, a God who can sing, and not only that, He becomes a God who can love. When that happens, God's love…. If He can meet a God who can close His eyes and meditate in joy and intoxication, then the heavens and the earth will all belong to me. What is the treasure of love? It is the privilege to inherit everything the owner has without even discussing it, at the moment of becoming one. Do you understand what I mean?

Even if our young ladies here were born in a poor family in the mountains of Chungcheongbuk-do and have no knowledge because they could not be educated, suppose a passing hunter…. Is it possible for a hunter to be there? There are many deer in Chungcheong-do, right? I have also come several times to catch deer. Suppose the hunter, while passing by to catch pheasants and deer, sees a girl drawing water from a well with a broken jar. The jar is broken, her skirt is full of holes, her hair is uncombed, and she looks terrible, but when he sees her face, she has a beautiful face, her eyes are alive, and when she smiles, it is mysterious. If that young hunter falls head over heels for her, what would happen if that young hunter becomes the president in the future, if that young hunter becomes the prince of the country? What would he say? "I cannot live without you." What would happen then? Even if that girl has no qualifications, not even having graduated from elementary school and cannot even write the letter "ga," if she comes and says, "Oh, I cannot do without you," and they establish a relationship of love, then her room becomes my room, and her body becomes my body. Do you understand that? I don't know. (Laughter)

Your inner wallet is at my disposal, and your outer wallet is at my disposal, do you understand? What about your breasts? (Laughter) There is nothing I cannot do in the realm of complete unity, complete subjectivity, and complete dominion. Therefore, what is yours is not just yours; what is yours is mine, and what is mine? Yours. Do you like that? (Laughter) In communist terms, it means, "What is mine is mine, and what is yours is mine!" (Laughter) That is not an ideal. It is not just that what is yours is mine and what is mine is yours temporarily; it is eternal…. If that is the case, then that is the ideal. Can you understand, or not? "I can understand." Do you think it is possible or not? "I think it is possible."

What on earth is the ideal? You all say you are idealists, but what is that idealism? What is the ideal? The thing that can be most loved is the ideal. What do you like the most? Do you like gold? That can be lost. It can be lost. In this world where there are many thieves, it can be lost, can’t it? Knowledge, when I die, it disappears. Power, you can only have it for a moment. Isn't that right? "Yes." But….

If you have the greatest treasure, you should hide it, right? Because it is a world full of thieves. Where would you hide it? If I had the world's best diamond, a 517-carat diamond, like a goose egg, in the British royal family, where would I hide it? In a country like Korea, where there are many thieves, where would I hide it? In a cupboard? (Laughter) What kind of cupboard? In a chest, where? In a secret basket prepared for marriage? (Laughter) None of that works.

It should be hidden in a place where no one can see it. Isn't that right? "Yes." Then, would you cut your thigh and sew it up? (Laughter) If they find out, they would cut off your leg. (Laughter) When you think about it this way, the most precious things should not be visible. The best things are those that can be made mine without being seen. I think that way. What is that? "The heart." Playing in the heart? "Love." Have you seen love? Professor Bae, have you seen love? (Laughter) Can you see love? 

The expression of love can be shown, but the love itself cannot be seen. You can only know it when it acts. When the eyes blink, and the child is worn out and shows an expression of wanting to meet, that is when love itself cannot be seen. You can see the expression…. When the wind blows, you can see the action of the wind, right? It’s the same. Huh? "Yes." "Wow, there is someone who has done great research," I thought.

Now, where would you hide this? Would you hide it in the soles of your feet? If you hide it in the very center of an invisible secret vault, who would go looking for it? So, where do you plant that love? Deep in the invisible heart…. Therefore, is there anyone who says they have expressed love outside their heart? (Laughter) Is there? "No." If there is, a woman would call that a promiscuous woman, and a man would call that a promiscuous man. A beautiful woman is one who says, "Please express love deep in your heart."

When you look at it this way, if I hide the invisible love deep in the invisible bundle of my heart and lock it with iron, who can take it away? Who can find it? Only I can open it. Do you like that or not? "I like it." You all feel the same way, right? When you think that way, God is the same.

My talk should end at seven o'clock…. Now, there are 20 minutes left. I will talk a little more and then stop; is it boring? "No." Then what should I do? "Continue." Oh, people! People should have a little sympathy; are you trying to send off a guest without even feeding them dinner? (Laughter) What is it? If I say to end, I will end quickly.

The world has a history of misfortune because it could not find true men and women. 

Now, from this perspective, God also likes love. What kind of love? "True love." True love. Even though God wants to express true love, He cannot do so. Why? Because true men and true women have not emerged.

That is why He prepared religions, polishing and polishing them, like polishing a gem. Among countless religions, after going through changes, He finally found one beautiful man and one beautiful woman, and God has finally rooted true love in this earth, from which the trunk extends, from which branches extend, from which flowers bloom and wither, and from which fruits bear, leading to the emergence of a unified lineage of God's love, and from God's love, nations arise and states arise…. That world is a unified world, a unified world. Do you understand? Is God's love dual or singular? "It is singular."

The fact that this world has various ethnicities is due to the singularity of this.
Because we have not become ideal humans, because we have fallen, it is like trying to piece together broken pottery. This is why we humans are now seeking the ideal world. We are pursuing a single world. Do you understand? "Yes."  
That world is not one that is unstable and changing. Once it is established, it is a world that should never change, a world that can be protected at the cost of one's life for fear of breaking. It is the wish of humanity to hope for such an ideal world! This is undoubtedly true not only for humanity living in the late 20th century but for all of humanity throughout the historical process that has come and gone.  
Despite having paid a great deal of sacrifice in this longing, what is the reason we have not found that place? It is because we have not found true men and true women whom God can love; because we have not found a place where God can meet and rejoice, this world is asleep in a history of misfortune. We can draw this conclusion. Do you understand? "Yes."  
The Unification Church presents ultra-nationalism to defend communism.  
So what is the Unification Church trying to do today? Looking at the world today, there are numerous ethnic groups all fighting centered around the framework of their nations. The United States was in a leading position among democratic countries in the 1960s, and even if it had to sacrifice itself, it should have saved the world. If it had done so, the United States would have automatically survived, yet it gave up on the world and became burdened with a historical mission focused only on itself. As a result, the democratic world has been shattered.  
Even when looking at the Soviet Communist Party today, they believed that the Slavic ethnicity was absolute in dominating world communism, and since 1957, centered around figures like Mao Zedong, the communist regime that achieved ethnic disintegration has fallen apart. Do you understand? This has already been tested.  
What the Republic of Korea must understand today is that in this country where the Juche ideology is being discussed, it is essential to find where the ultra-nationalistic Juche ideology will emerge in the future. I intended to discuss this when I meet with the president.  
It would be better to find the origin of Juche ideology today in a post-nationalistic context, but what if we cannot find it? When the history of the Republic of Korea presents the worldview as the mainstream ideology of world cultural history, Korea can achieve independence through Juche ideology, but if it cannot, it will only witness the conclusion of this ethnic historical perspective and will not enter a new dimension of the world.  
This is also true in today's grand strategy. Communism is globalism. Because communism is globalism, it cannot be stopped or digested from a nationalistic perspective. Unless a theoretical system that can defend global communism based on globalism and ultra-nationalism is presented, communism cannot be repelled.  
In that sense, the Unification Church today is seeking such a perspective. Do you understand? I have come to America, leaving Korea, and while enduring countless hardships, I am trying to establish a defense line against communism in America by raising American youth until 1978. If not, America will perish. No matter how much the CIA has studied communism and how much the FBI has controlled the domestic situation, even if America has the economic and political power to enrich the world, without a theoretical system based on global standards and transcendent principles, America will fail. Because the current American politics, current American ideology, and religion cannot do this, I, as a Korean Asian, have emerged to take responsibility. This is why the communists hate me the most. Therefore, you must understand that behind those who oppose me in America, all are being manipulated by communists.  
You all saw the news the other day about the bombing incident in France, right? There can be plenty of communists disguised as priests, and there can be plenty of groups disguised as Christian pastors. Why do they hate the Unification Church so fiercely and oppose it with a global organization? Because all of them are being manipulated by communists. If Reverend Moon were to completely hand over the reins, they would not be able to achieve their global ambitions in the near future. Why? Because they cannot compete in theory. They know that. Therefore, they are studying how to kill Reverend Moon, how to frame him, and how to blackmail him.  
I am risking my life in America, in a place where robberies and assaults are rampant, where for just a hundred dollars, someone can be killed. In such a chaotic stage in America, a Korean person is nothing. I know I will die in a miserable place where no one will recognize me, but I am going. Therefore, the young people in America who understand this know that unless they arm themselves with the ideology I present and take action, they cannot save America. They know that no matter how excellent the university professors or the leaders of the country are, they have been tested and found hopeless, and Reverend Moon remains as the only point of hope. So they are willing to work day and night, prepared to do anything. When we need money, we work 24 hours to earn it.  
The Unification Church is engaged in an ultra-national organization movement.  
Therefore, to become true sons and daughters of God... Will God prefer nationalistic sons and daughters, or will He demand sons and daughters who possess a character that can embrace all humanity in equality beyond the world? There is no need to ask God about this. God loves the world. He loves the world more than the Republic of Korea. If the world is saved, the Republic of Korea will automatically survive; this is how it is viewed.  
Therefore, what Christians should understand is that in John 3:16, it says, "For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life." It does not say, "Whoever believes in Christianity shall not perish." It says, "For God so loved the world," not "For God so loved Christianity." What God desires is to save the world.  
So what should the Messiah who is to come do? He must save all people who can save the world that God desires and must possess the qualifications of a victor. Only then will the qualifications of the Messiah be granted. This is how it is viewed. Therefore, who will grasp and save the world?  
The Unification Church believes that when the Messiah comes, it must create such a foundation and pursue true individuals centered on God's true love, true families at the family level, true tribes at the tribal level, and true nations at the national level. There must be true nations, true countries, and a true world; this is the perspective being presented as the movement for ultra-national organization. This is the Unification Church movement. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Thus, God's true sons and daughters must become those whom the world can look up to. Do you understand? "Yes." This is the ideology, and this is the heart...  
Even if you are working in a mountain valley in North Chungcheong Province, think, "Even if I am a farmer digging in the land of North Chungcheong Province, no! I am digging in the land of North Chungcheong Province, which represents the highest value of the world." Think that the place where I lie down, even if it is a thatched hut, is a room that stands at the peak of value representing the homes of countless people in the world. The air I breathe in this mountain valley of North Chungcheong Province is representative of all the air flowing on Earth.  
No one likes a person in debt, and no one prospers while in debt.  
What time is it now? The era of nationalism has passed. Until now, someone named Moon from the Unification Church has been persecuted and condemned in the Republic of Korea, but in the future, he will be someone needed by the Republic of Korea. Why? Because there is no one who can become the center and take responsibility while being in debt.  
Today, the members of the Unification Church, isn't North Chungcheong Province not doing well? Why did you build this Cheongju church here? Shouldn't you have built it better in the center, instead of on the outskirts? Was it because you didn't have money? "In terms of future development, this will be the center." Really? (Laughter) When will that be? In about 10 years? "I think it will be in about 5 years." Then why didn't you build it here in 5 years? (Laughter) You should be honest. If you say it was because you didn't have money, that would be fine, right? (Laughter) If you had money now, would you want to move? "Yes. I would want to move." If I give you about 100 million won, would you do it? (Laughter) Everyone, wouldn't it be nice if the teacher gave money to North Chungcheong Province? Good, bad? "Bad." Why is it bad? Why is it bad? "It puts us in debt!" (One person answers loudly) Right. (Laughter)  
You must never go into debt. What is a filial child? A filial child is one who struggles not to owe their parents. What is a loyal subject? A loyal subject is one who does not want to be in debt to their king and strives not to incur debt before their king day and night, 24 hours. You must understand this. Who is the greatest among saints? It is not someone who wants to be in debt to God, but someone who wants to make God indebted to them. Such a person is the greatest among saints.  
There are no families that prosper while in debt, and no countries that thrive while in debt. Even when the Republic of Korea is importing foreign capital, it should not think of it as incurring debt but rather as incurring debt with the hope that it can repay that debt several times over. This is something to watch, but if it only intends to incur debt, then this country is already doomed. Do you understand?  
No one likes a person in debt. Even a puppy dislikes someone who wants to incur debt. When it is eating something delicious alone, and another comes wanting to incur debt, that puppy will bark and try to bite, right? What about ants? Ants are the same.  
To the elders from North Chungcheong Province who have come here! You know how to boast about being from North Chungcheong Province, right? When you have children, do you say, "Ahem, I am your mother and father who gave birth to you, so you must be filial to me"? While eating alone, sleeping alone, and playing alone, those children who work from morning to evening until their bones break will not have parents who can live long. God will quickly deal with them. They will not live long. Such parents cannot have filial children! You must understand this.  
Therefore, today, Reverend Moon of the Unification Church has lived his entire life saying, "I do not incur debt!" No matter how many members there are in the Unification Church, I am not someone who incurs debt to the Unification Church. I am someone who earns what I use. I have done so until now, right? "Yes." Although I have been seen as the king of exploitation and the first of fraudsters, that was a misunderstanding. I am not someone who is indebted to the Republic of Korea. I am striving to make the Republic of Korea indebted to me. I have been doing this all along, and I am still doing it. Therefore, if it continues like this, when the time comes... Even if you don't know, it is fine. History must bow before those who have incurred debt, and those who have incurred debt must be honored as the masters and leaders; this is the historical truth.  
Until a few years ago, the Unification Church was treated like a cult of deception, but who could have known it would change like this today? Who has changed it to be like this? The Unification Church has never sought to incur debt.  
For the sake of a nation in an emergency, blessed families have abandoned their families.  
In the 1970s, I told all the blessed families of the Unification Church across the nation, "The fate of this country has reached a crisis, and an emergency is imminent. For this nation to survive, we cannot go on like this. We must take the path that can protect the nation, even if it means sacrificing our families and our children." For three years, I sent all the children to orphanages, leaving behind a tragic legacy of having to write to relatives who despised us, saying, "This is so-and-so's son, and I will be gone for three years, so please take care of him."  
To those who criticize the Unification Church, I must instill the thought that "The Unification Church is a church that loves the country and the people!" Many institutions have come here, but whether it is the police station or the Ministry of the Interior, they were all leaders who would contact each other whenever I went somewhere to try to cut off my nose. The intelligence department was the same. Those were the people, but why have they come to follow and support the Unification Church now? Has the situation reversed? They did not receive a salary to oppose communism.  
Because God’s enemy is communism, we must do whatever it takes to oppose it. The question is not whether anyone recognizes us. We are busy doing our work, not busy seeking recognition. We have been quietly... How heartbreaking it must have been for the intelligence department to say, "Oh, Reverend Moon! You have done enough, so please stop. If you do as we say, everything will work out, but why do you keep making a fuss about being famous and creating a board of directors?" No, that is not how it works. Fakes will emerge. The tradition of loving the country purely will become blurred. Then I say, "Please wait a few years. I will dedicate the Victory Federation to the nation, so please accept it then. In return, although Reverend Moon has been criticized, please guide those who come to the Victory Federation with a heart of loyalty and devotion to love the country." This is the story of how I have fought to save the country by sacrificing my bones and blood.  
So look at Korea, everyone. A person who cannot love their country cannot love the world. Carrying on such a tradition, when the world is on the brink of crisis... to love the world, one must first love their country.
Even if it means sacrifice, we must push forward to love the world. If there is such a leader, he will be a historical hero and an eternal hero of heaven and earth. 

The Unification Church does not owe the world; rather, it has made the world indebted to itself. South Korea has lived in debt until now. It has relied on foreign aid. If this nation enjoys receiving foreign aid, it becomes weak. It becomes like paper. It must bow its head. Therefore, now we should be the ones providing aid.

In that sense, Mr. Moon has received material aid, but I have given spiritual aid to America. I have not owed anything to America. Over the course of three years, I have not owed a single penny. I have invested millions of dollars in America. I do not know if they truly helped South Korea, but if they truly did, they would not retreat. I will repay; I will repay. I will repay on behalf of the nation. "Instead, I will erase the debt as a treasure that cannot be bought even with a thousand times the money in front of your young men." There are many American youths who are in debt. Do you understand? They know the obligation to repay their debts and the responsibility, so when I give orders, they cannot help but obey.

This battle of circumstances has unfolded nationally and globally, but I will not be a loser in that battle. Because I have lived in debt, even if I were to end up in prison with the FBI or CIA, I will still be victorious.

History is the undeniable protagonist of judgment, and Reverend Moon’s history and their descendants, the young people of America, cannot fail; through this ideology, we will undoubtedly establish a new culture in America. When that time comes, all those who opposed and their descendants will eventually submit. Because I am starting a fight with the authority to determine victory or defeat, I will not retreat. The State Department is trying all sorts of tricks to expel me, but they are foolish. If you treat a passing beggar carelessly… know that I am a secret royal inspector with a badge, you fools! This fight is already a fight we have won, a fight we have won? "It is a fight we have won."

Not only in France but even in the remote regions of Africa, no matter how much they try to label Reverend Moon as a disgraceful person dancing naked and engaging in debauchery, such words do not hold water. When it comes to the results, such incitement does not work. Ridiculous things are just… because they think I am truly foolish, they plan to capture and eliminate me all at once. However, because God does not make excuses, I have not made excuses either, and as I have come this far, ultimately, the established churches will fail, and the Unification Church will? "Prosper." 

Yes, last year… when God quietly observed, seeing that I was being beaten without any fault… When a parent quietly watches as an older brother bullies a younger sibling, would it be good if the younger sibling is always beaten and suffers? Would it be good for the parents? "You little brat." When the older brother does that, the parent should give him a good smack to show that they are watching. Would they like that? "Yes." That is correct. 

Will the Unification Church always remain quiet? So I have lived strangely! Until now, I have not been able to prepare properly, so I have remained quiet… Not being prepared and acting is foolish. I am a man of utmost wisdom. 

Until now, I have never appeared in public in Korea, like a mysterious figure? Well, a religious leader should have some mystery. If everything is revealed, it becomes uninteresting.

So last year, I completely attacked the established church. I gathered young people from East and West… It was like the Incheon Landing Operation, the Unification Church landing operation, right? (Laughter) Starting from Busan, I bombarded the entire nation. It was a naval bombardment, a heavenly bombardment. A naval bombardment is one-sided, but a heavenly bombardment is from all sides, all sides. After the Day of Hope celebration, it became famous in Cheongju, right? A record was established that had never existed in history. 

Why did that happen? 

It was already time. "Now, let’s see, I will attack the Christianity that has opposed me for the past 30 years all at once." What happened with that attack? Did we suffer a complete defeat, or what? Did we lose, or did we win? "We won." Did we really win? "Yes." What did we gain from winning? What did we achieve through victory? I believe that South Korea has received considerable help because of me. I think so.

Because the Unification Church has taken on the fight that the government should be fighting, there will be a period of vacancy on the government side. Do you understand? That is the time. I felt that it was necessary operationally. If the country is good, if the Unification Church is good, if God is good, then I acted; if the country is bad, if God is bad, if the Unification Church is bad, then I would not have acted. So, did last year’s operation go well or not? "It went well." Was the Unification Church good or bad? "It was good." Was the government good or bad? "It was good." Was God good or bad? "He was good." So I acted. Therefore, I am not a foolish man.

A true Unification Church member is someone who does not want to be indebted to the Unification Church. 

The other day, I saw in the JoongAng Ilbo that a correspondent from Paris reported, "Oh, even though there is so much opposition, the leader of the Unification Church, Mr. Moon, is not saying anything, which adds to the curiosity!" (Laughter) 

Now, they are getting caught up in Mr. Moon’s operation. At the last scientist conference, scholars from 60 countries, including Nobel Prize winners and prominent American scholars, gathered, and I told them, "Hey, hey! If you go, you will all get caught up with Reverend Moon." That was the promotion. Now, if we stop, is Mr. Moon talented or not? (Laughter) Is he talented or not? "He is talented." 

Today, I have come to Chungcheongbuk-do, but at that time, I spoke eloquently in English. "You little brats, you have come well. No matter how much you do, you are only my food." That was my thought. (Laughter) Ultimately, they are completely falling into my operation. Even if I meet Nobel Prize winners and talk for just 30 minutes, the end is already clear. "What do you think about this issue?" "Well, I don’t know. I have never thought about that…" So, in about 5 or 6 years, listen to me. Why? To repay the debt. I must take action; otherwise, I cannot solve this fundamental global issue.

It was a chance encounter, but I met a good master, right? Just passing by, I came into the Unification Church, and before that, I did not know the Unification Church teacher until I came in and learned about it for the first time, right? "Yes." You learned for the first time, you little brats! Not you. (Laughter) Did you ever think that Mr. Moon, who is being insulted in Korea, could do such things? In just a few years, I have caused many whirlwinds in the world, right? "Yes." That is not something the teacher has just now acquired. It is something I prepared 30 years ago, in my twenties.

I have done everything. There is no exercise I have not done, and I have tried everything from being a laborer to pulling a cart. I have learned everything. I am strong, and I was a champion in wrestling in high school. (Laughter) Why? Because I must do things that do not exist in this world, and if I am not healthy… So even now, even if my lips are chapped, I still push myself and do not collapse. Do you understand? "Yes." 

There are many interesting stories to tell, but I do not have time today to finish them. Let’s wrap it up in 20 minutes. Still, I have spoken a lot here. Is it interesting? "Yes." It cannot just be fun. Is it serious and profound? "Yes." 

You all are members of the Unification Church, right? "Yes." Are you true members or fake members? "We are true members." Are you a mixed bag of gray matter? "No." There are three types. Fake Unification Church members, gray matter Unification Church members, and true Unification Church members. So, proportionally, how many are true? "One-third." One-third. Two-thirds should all be treated as fake. I cannot help it if you feel bad about it.

It is truly difficult to become a real member of the Unification Church. You must not be in debt. A person who does not owe is a member of the Unification Church. Look. Do you like the teacher? Why do you like him? Because when you meet him, something comes out of it. Even if he just says a word, it clears your troubled heart. Ultimately, when I meet you, it becomes a time when you owe the teacher. You must understand that. It becomes a time of owing. So, do you want to owe the teacher? "I will not." A true filial son is not someone who wants to owe his parents. He does not try to owe for the grace of being born by his parents.

So, who is a true member of the Unification Church? Even if someone is a member of the Unification Church, if they want to owe the Unification Church, they are not a member of the Unification Church. In that sense, I think of the persecuted Unification Church as wonderful. It is my favorite. I am most afraid of and dislike the welcomed Unification Church. Do you understand what that means?

When welcomed, many people come to the Unification Church wanting to owe it. When persecuted, there may be people who come to the Unification Church wanting to erase their debts, but when welcomed, those who come to the Unification Church are people who want to owe, so I think we should be cautious of such Unification Church members. It may sound like a cold reception, but it cannot be helped.

Therefore, even if it means selling my blood, I will serve the Unification Church, even if I shed tears and my bones ache, I will serve the Unification Church, and even if I am persecuted at home and chased by the country, I will struggle to ensure that this country does not owe the Unification Church, holding my hungry stomach and dragging my tired legs, saying that I will go for the will of God. These are the people needed by the Unification Church. Do you understand? "Yes." Do you understand? "Yes." 

To repay the debt to the Unification Church, share with all people with greater love. 

So, have you owed the teacher? How will you repay this debt? What is the way to repay? There is a true filial son, and if that filial son has a parent, that parent should teach the filial son how to behave: "Hey, son! I appreciate your extreme filial piety towards me, but even if you cannot show that same filial piety to me, you should show it to your siblings and to the neighbors." A parent who teaches this has the right to receive the filial piety of the filial son, but a parent who says, "Hey, as long as you are devoted to me, it is fine if you abandon your siblings and do not recognize your relatives in the neighboring village," does not have the right to receive the filial piety of the filial son. Do you understand? "Yes." 

The same principle applies. I have not taught you to be loyal to the teacher. If you have the desire to be loyal… what should a true teacher do? He should hope that you will be loyal to your family more than to himself and that you will be more loyal to the nation and all people than to him. When a teacher teaches in this way, that teacher is considered a true teacher. Does that logic make sense? "Yes." 

God is the same. God educated Jesus Christ from that perspective. Placing the cross before him, Jesus prayed, "Abba Father, if it is possible, let this cup pass from me. Yet not my will, but yours be done." God remained silent regarding Jesus. I have thought about what God might have been thinking at that moment. "Hey, Jesus! Dying for me and for my will is good, but first die for all people, and then die for me!" I believe He must have made such a request. I think He must have given such a lesson.

So, where is the path for you to repay your debts? What is the way to repay your debts? Above all, loving one another as you love yourself is the greatest love, right? That is the highest love. If you have grievances against your parents for not being able to love them, and you love your neighbors with a love greater than that filial piety towards your parents, an environment will inevitably arise where you can show filial piety, and when an environment of love like filial piety arises, even if that person cannot show filial piety to their parents, the heavenly principle recognizes it as a value greater than filial piety. Do you understand? "Yes." 

When the teacher is in America, how do you repay your debt to the teacher? How do hundreds of thousands of Unification Church members repay their debts to what the teacher has said? I do not ask you to repay me. I ask you to take the gift I have given you and share it with your brothers. Not only that, but share it with the nation and the people. Share it with all humanity. That is what I ask you to do until the end of your life, to share it to the ends of the earth. That is the greater way to repay your debt. For that path, I have encouraged you, and that is the path I walk, so if you help me, it is more effective than directly helping me. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Therefore, telling someone who has entered the Unification Church not to evangelize is the most frightening thing. Do you understand? "Yes." There is nothing scarier than telling family members not to live in harmony. There is nothing scarier than preventing love for the nation; this conclusion is established here.

You all are true members of the Unification Church, right? "Yes." Have you lived this way until now? Have you lived well or not? "Not well." If you have not lived well, then our path has gone astray, and the past we have walked is wrong. Therefore, we must block this wrong path and clear the mistakes, and from now on, since we are not dead, starting today, you must walk the path of repaying your debts.

The teacher is the same. When I pray, I have never prayed, "God, I cannot live because I am having a hard time and am tired." Until now, I cannot afford to rest. I carry this global mission, and I live with the shame of not being able to fulfill that responsibility before the Father. My path is busy. My path is busy. Therefore, my prayer is, "I hope that the members of the Unification Church will love each other more than they love me, that they will love all humanity more than they love me, and if God loves me, please push me quickly onto the path to liberate all people." That is my prayer; I do not pray, "I don’t care about the people; I just want to be comfortable…" 

If you listen to the prayers of the established church, they are prayers asking for things. Prayers that want to be in debt do not work no matter how much you do them. Do you understand? "Yes." They pray for their children’s blessings, for their wives’ blessings, for their own church and relatives, and such prayers will not be heard by God for a thousand years. "God, let me sacrifice myself and make the world indebted!" This prayer is music to God’s ears. Do you understand? "Yes." "Let me sacrifice myself and incur a debt of life before heaven! Give me that courage, and that…
"Please give me the courage to run!" I am sure He will grant it. 
When I appeared alone on American soil, leaving my family and the nation behind, no one knew the solemn feelings I had. However, I prayed, "Please hand over this American continent into my grasp according to Your will. I will be strong and courageous, not for my own glory, but to return this country to You, Father, for the sake of the democratic world." I prayed like this... Even if a storm blows and suffering lies ahead, I will not avoid it but will go straight through! I have already prepared myself to sleep in an FBI cell, and I am ready to sleep in a CIA cell... Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." That's right. The only place that has inherited God's tradition purely is the Unification Church. 
I am not a person of the villainous crowd. I have guided countless young people, yet among them, there are no murderers, no robbers, no thieves. It is the same in America or anywhere else. Why is that? Why is that? 
The United States is the only representative country that can incur debt before the world in the democratic world. If this country incurs debt, it means incurring debt before the world. If I incur debt in a place formed by all nations representing humanity, I am incurring debt before all humanity. I see it as the best-prepared country. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, when that nation's people realize they are incurring debt, it will be completely... 
If you think like this, God cannot trust the democratic world, cannot trust the communist world, and cannot even trust religion. If there is only one organization on earth that can be trusted, it is the Unification Church. 
What kind of God is He? He is the one who has been trying to incur debt throughout history. However, since the Unification Church is the only one that has inherited God's tradition purely, we must understand that God is watching over the Unification Church and is the one who established it. Therefore, we can conclude that the path of the Unification Church is the purpose of history and the destination of providential history. We must recognize that it is such a church. Do you understand? "Yes." It is an incredible church. 
When you act without knowing, there is no sin, but when you act knowing, you must understand that a more severe punishment is inflicted than when you did not know. From this perspective, when members of the Unification Church know but cannot take responsibility, they must first face judgment. When a person named Moon cannot practice what he knows, he will receive God's punishment like dew at the judgment seat and will disappear. I think like that. I am not someone who wants to incur debt. Do you understand? "Yes." This is the tradition established by the Master... 
So, what do we want to do? Love is not about incurring debt. True love is not about incurring debt but about struggling to relieve debt. Therefore, what is the Unification Church? 
Where can we find a true man? When a true man, even if he has to incur debt throughout his life, decides to live with hope in the presence of a true woman, that man is the best true man before that woman. Unchangingly... Do you understand? "Yes." What is a true woman? A true woman is one who, even if she has to incur debt for a thousand years, wishes to incur more debt for her husband. 
When such a man and woman meet and form a family, I know that a prince who can inherit the kingdom of heaven will be born there. Even if he carries a bundle of rags and wears shoes like a beggar, you must know that the path he walks will open into a golden road. It may be a sandy path or a thorny path, but it will gradually widen into a peaceful road and eventually connect to a golden road that leads to the heavenly palace. I know this. Do you understand what I mean? 
What is a true organization? It is an organization that studies how to give for the world. True religion is like that. And what is a true country? It is a country that does not seek to incur debt but to relieve debt. The more such a country exists, the more it is a true country, and when the world becomes such a country... 
What is the paradise on earth? It is a place where people strive not to incur debt and where they strive to relieve each other's debts. If such a place arises on earth, that place is the paradise on earth. What is the paradise in heaven? Those who go to heaven are those who have not incurred debt. The heaven I know is not that kind of heaven. The place where those who have incurred debt to their country, to humanity, and have struggled to relieve their debt before God go is heaven. Those who have sought to incur debt before their country, humanity, and God are not in heaven but in hell. No matter how famous they were... 
The Unification Church, which wants to give even in a state of nakedness, is more sacred. Those who are trying to relieve debt always sit in the position of victory... The position of those who strive to relieve debt is always the position of victory. This has been true in the past, is true today, and will be true in the future... Where can we go with the authority of victory gained by relieving debt? It is heaven, heaven. 
What is heaven? It is the place where God is, the world governed by God's laws. Moreover, it is a world filled with God's love. Therefore, it is the world of God's object. Because it is a place where we live in direct relationship with God, we must become like God. 
What kind of God is He? He is the one who has been trying to incur debt until now. Yet He has never entered the sorrowful position of the loser... He always comes from the position of a victorious general. He is the one who continues on that path for thousands and millions of years, developing into a world of greater value. That is why God does not perish. 
In the same way, if the Unification Church continues on that path, no matter how much it is persecuted or cornered, it will not perish. We must understand that the reason the Unification Church develops is because it is persecuted. Do you understand? "Yes." If I had been like a robber and did not know this, if I had hoped to receive for my own greed, if I had hoped for the cooperation of the nation and the cooperation of established churches, I would have already perished. 
We must not incur debt to the nation, and even if we are in a position, we must not incur debt to the church. That is why even though the established church sees me as an enemy, when I hear that the pastors of the established church are starving, I secretly bought many bags of rice using the names of church members. Why? Because I must not incur debt before them. It is a terrifying strategy, isn't it? Jesus, while hanging on the cross, prayed for the Roman soldiers who pierced His side with a spear and placed a crown of thorns on His head, saying, "Forgive them, for they do not know their sin." Why did He do that? It was to relieve debt. It all comes together here, that He prayed to relieve a debt that could never be repaid. 
In the Bible, it says, "Whoever wants to be exalted will be humbled, and whoever wants to be humbled will be exalted." This means that those who can lower themselves and strive to relieve the debt of all people will be exalted. Therefore, the path of trying to incur debt for others to the point of death is a path of death and suffering, but those who walk that path will prosper, while those who choose the comfortable path to live will perish. Those who wag their tails to incur debt will perish, perish! 
Members of the Unification Church now understand. You must not become those who want to incur debt or seek anyone's favor! When you enter a village, first look around the village; if the ditch is not flowing with water, dig the ditch; if the stepping stones are broken, replace them; if the village is messy, clean it up... You have a responsibility to relieve the debt before the villagers. Can't I just lose a little sleep? I must leave the door open and dig a well at dawn, and I must sweep by the well. 
So, when blessings come to that village, even if God distributes that blessing to the village excluding my house, the distribution point of that blessing will be my house, our house. You must understand this. First, the house with many contributions will receive the blessings abundantly, and then the remaining blessings will be distributed. I know this is the law of a thousand miles, so even though the Unification Church walks a desolate and barren path like a desert, when God distributes blessings, He will do so through that single room of the Unification Church with a ragged blanket laid down. This is what I did not know. 
I love such a church. I love that church more than this one. Even in a state of complete nakedness, praying for God's blessings and, with tears in my eyes, vowing to give to the nation, how sacred that was! I want to boast about that. Anyone who comes to the headquarters of the Unification Church will point fingers and say, "Is this what the headquarters of the world looks like?" I love that headquarters the most. I still live there. 
If this movement can take place in Chungbuk and play a leading role in spreading its influence throughout the eight provinces and rivers, then Chungbuk will surely be the place that can move the Republic of Korea and receive its blessings. Do you think so, or not? Do you think so, or not? "I think so." 
You should teach your sons and daughters, "My beloved children! Do not incur debt to your parents. Not only should you not incur debt to your parents, but also do not incur debt to your siblings, and do not incur debt to your neighbors." You should have the materials for that lesson yourself. It is the parents who should have it. 
"I have tried my best throughout my life not to incur debt, and as a result, my hands have become crooked, and the skin on my hands has become like that of a horse." Teach them that. "These hands have become like this for the sake of the village and for the sake of others." If a child sees that and says, "Father! I don't want to see those hands," that child will be punished, punished. (The recording briefly cuts out) You must understand that blessings will sprout abundantly in that house. Do you understand? "Yes." 
For the past 15 or 16 years, I have prayed for my children every day without fail until they turned twelve, no matter how busy I was. Being a father is not easy. It is not easy to be a father or mother before precious lives. "What can I give you? I will not incur debt to you. While you sleep, I will pray for blessings, and while you sleep, I will hold you tight and kiss you. I may not have time to hold your wrist for 24 hours, but my heart is filled with regret, and I will embrace you and kiss you, and this will last forever." This is how I live. 
The path of the Unification Church is the orthodox path. 
Hearing the rumors of missionaries scattered overseas, I must not tire them out with all kinds of words, so I give them harsh warnings, but when they return, I am the one who cannot sleep at night, praying. I am a sinner, a sinner. Therefore, even if there are family members who walk the path of death in some foreign land, I must understand that I am a person who struggles not to incur debt to them. When the wind blows, I kneel down and pray like a madman, even if I am asleep. Why? Because I know what sin I have committed. This is the essential path of the Unification Church, the mainstream path, the orthodox path that you must understand. Do you understand? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 
Farmers, when you ride the rice paddies and fields, pray like this: "I am a master with a different love than any landowner or our ancestors of historical times." Hold the growing rice seedlings and shed tears for the sadness of the land that has not met its master, and hold the barley and wheat ears in the field and shed tears, saying, "You have not experienced the true master's plowing and hoeing, have you? I understand your sorrow." Then, try farming like that. Even without fertilizer, it will do well. When you feed that harvest, intertwined with such feelings, to your sons and daughters, they will not get sick, they will not get sick, they will not get sick! But becoming a public servant and stealing from the national treasury to feed your sons and daughters is scarier than being a thief. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 
Let us not incur debt before the nation. Do you understand? "Yes." Let us not incur debt before the land of Chungbuk. How many millions are there in Chungbuk? How many people are there in Chungbuk, 1.7 million? "1.6 million." 1.6 million. Let us not incur debt before the people of Chungbuk. When the people of Chungbuk realize this, they will completely take you as their masters. They will regard you as their central existence. The one who has incurred debt becomes the master. What about the one who has incurred debt? They become a servant. Do you understand? "Yes." 
That is why when I travel around the eight provinces and rivers, I am not doing it for leisure. Many people have gone to tourist spots, but I am different. I have prayed with tears... I have prayed a lot. I have prayed at Seoraksan and Sogrisan. Many have visited these mountains and rivers, but who has come with the heart of God and the heart that these mountains and rivers are seeking? I am the one who has prayed, representing my history, that I will be the first. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 
It was the same when I went to America. As soon as I arrived in America, I traveled through all 50 states in 40 days, sleeping three hours a day, and sometimes not sleeping at all. Why? Because those who landed here after the creation of America thought of it as a place to make money for themselves, a place to benefit themselves, but I came to give. I came to give. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 
When I have given enough and it is time for me to pack my things and leave, tears will burst forth like icicles. Tears will fall from the blue eyes of Westerners as they cry out, "Teacher, please stay, please do not go." There will be wailing at New York Airport and when I leave San Francisco, the heavens and earth will react the same way. It is certain. Why do you like the teacher? You like him without even knowing why. Isn't that right? "Yes." Do you know why? Because there is no one like me in the world. 
The Unification Church has the ideology to restore the world. 
What you must know is that I have worked harder than any prime minister in Japan to restore Japan. The same goes for America. This country will also have its time, so I say to the Republic of Korea, do not perish until that time comes and wait. When I return after accomplishing everything, I will open a breakthrough for Asia through my strength and prepare to counterattack, feeling the responsibility to use it as a foothold to defeat the communist world. You must understand this. After subduing those communist dictators, we must liberate the communist world. That is God's wish. 
Liberate the democratic world, and then? "The communist world." Liberate the communist world and...
I must say that I have to return to God's kingdom. This is because it is God's desire up to now, and I believe that only by fulfilling this desire can I qualify to be loved as a son before God. This is the faith of Reverend Moon of the Unification Church! Do you understand? "Yes." If you have such thoughts and call me teacher, and if you have such ideology, then you should call yourself a member of the Unification Church! Can you do that? "Yes." Will you do that? "Yes." If you do so, you will undoubtedly become citizens of heaven. A new culture will emerge here, and the journey of the new heavenly procession will undoubtedly begin. Therefore, you must understand how great the mission of our Unification Church is. Do you understand? "Yes." You need to recognize the greatness of the mission of the Unification Church. It must be the Unification Church; you must understand that you are standing in such a significant position.

Only by quickly incurring debts in the world can we obtain the conditions to subdue this world. Knowing this, I sincerely hope you will do so. Do you understand? "Yes." Now, let’s see who is willing to do that. 

<Prayer> Beloved Father! The time spent here in Chungbuk has passed. I have realized that I should not become a member of the Unification Church who incurs debts. I have understood that the Unification Church is the only one in this world.

Therefore, even if I have to sacrifice individuals, I must save families; even if I have to sacrifice families, I must save tribes; even if I have to sacrifice tribes, I must save nations; even if I have to sacrifice nations, I must save the world; even if humanity on this earth must be sacrificed, we have learned that we must liberate the Father of Heaven. We have learned that it is an undeniable fact. To make this possible, please let us know that we must never become those who incur debts. Please make us realize that only by incurring debts can all paths be opened.

When asked what the one secret is to go on the path that leads to the kingdom of heaven where everything goes well, we have learned that it is the path of incurring debts, so I earnestly ask you, Father, to bless us so that we can dedicate our lives day and night, fulfilling our duties as loyal children and faithful servants before you.

Father, since we do not know when we will meet again after parting, until we meet again, may they strive tirelessly to incur debts in Chungbuk, and when the teacher returns, may we meet with proud faces without shame, in a way that brings you joy. I earnestly ask for your blessing.

Until we meet again, let us fight vigorously and advance vigorously. Knowing that national liberation can only be achieved through incurring debts, I earnestly ask that we become brave members of the Unification Church who live and die by this principle, and I pray all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen. 

<Words> Now, then, goodbye. Are we having dinner now? Is dinner ready? Let’s eat dinner, and then there will be many instructions for you through the district leader. I need to leave in about 30 minutes after eating, by eight o'clock…. It would be nice to leave without eating. Without eating…. If I leave quickly from here, I can eat in Seoul…. If I talk a lot and want to eat, the food seems like sand grains. I couldn’t eat in Daegu yesterday, and I don’t think I can eat today either. Should I still eat? "Yes." Alright, I’ll at least take a spoon with me. Goodbye. *

3)
God and Our Will
Let’s see a show of hands from those who are seeing the teacher for the first time among the family members here today. Put your hands down. I have spoken a lot until now, so my throat is a bit hoarse, please forgive me.

Today, let’s talk under the title ‘God and Our Will.’ 

Pride of Gangwon Province
What do people generally call those from Gangwon Province? When you say Gangwon Province, what rock comes to mind? "Potato Rock." What does Potato Rock mean? What does that mean? Are we talking about a rock that looks like a potato? I think the people of Gangwon Province are probably the most pitiful people in Korea. Why is that? When young women are asked, "Are you going to marry by the beach or in the mountains?" what do they answer? Let’s hear from the women here. When asked, "Are you going to marry by the beach or in the mountains?" what is the usual answer? "By the beach." They prefer the beach, right? Why do they like the beach?

Because if they go to the beach, even if there are rice fields or farmland, the rice paddies and fields are neat. They can create good farmland by blocking the tidal flats, and generally, the soil is fertile, making it easy to work on the fields. The harvest is abundant. However, the mountains are the opposite. Even when you look at the rice fields, they are terraced fields, tiered fields. First tier, second tier…. They build walls with stone and fill them in, creating these layers. And they are winding according to the terrain.

If you think about the mountain valleys of Gangwon Province, I have not found a place where I could buy land and act as the owner. It’s all steep hills and winding paths. Even if you work hard to farm, I know that the harvest is not plentiful. So, even if you work yourself to death, if the harvest is small, life cannot be abundant, right? Therefore, it is concluded that if you are going to work hard, the beach is better than the mountains. Do you understand? "Yes."

Now, what about the people of Gangwon Province? They must have something to be proud of. Everyone boasts about their hometown, but what about the people of Gangwon Province? Among the eight provinces of Korea, currently, in South Korea, the most mountainous area is Gangwon Province. Isn’t that right? "Yes." They are mountain people.

Then, what pride do they have as mountain people? Let’s hear it. What is it? Answer loudly. "The mountains are beautiful, and the water is good." Right! The mountains are beautiful, the water is good, and what else? "The people are kind." What does it mean that the people are kind? (Laughter) There is a saying that kindness comes from the rice jar, right? What does it mean that the people are kind? Because there are many cornfields, if a hungry person goes to pick corn from the fields on the mountain, they might say, "You are doing well to pick that." But I think there is no kindness that says, "Come to my house and live with me." What do you think? "That’s right." Isn’t that so? What does it mean that the people are kind? (Laughter)

Now, if I come to Gangwon Province and speak ill of it, you might think, "The teacher from Seoul came at the request of the district leader, but all he does is criticize Gangwon Province, and it’s painful to hear." But that should not be the case. (Laughter)

Everyone, what I know is that when we look at history, how have people lived? In the beginning, there was a time when they lived in the mountains. That was the era of hunting. Then they moved to farming, seeking out yards and plains, but what will happen in the future? That is also restoration. This is how I see it.

People have done everything they can in the plains and fields, but it is monotonous. It is boring. Even if the wind blows from a corner over there, it just ends with a "whoosh." It is very monotonous.

However, the mountains are different. In the mountain valleys, even if strong winds blow from the mountains, there are warm places where you can take a nap without being disturbed. When you look at this, all the environments are diverse. More and more people are thinking about this. They are interested in cultural heritage, the mountains, and the beautiful scenery.

Therefore, while Gangwon Province may be the most pitiful in terms of living, when it comes to appreciation and enjoyment, it is the best province. Do you understand? 

Excellence of Gangwon Province's Scenery
When we talk about a person, what kind of person is a person of character? Is it someone who just eats well and lives for food, or is it someone who has an appreciation for art, literature, and poetry, who can whisper to the mountains and praise the flowing water? Which type is closer to being a valuable human being? The one who eats is closer to being like water, right? What kind of water? Closer to being like an animal, right? (Laughter) Closer to being like an animal, and those who enjoy nature and have a rich lyrical heart are closer to being like a celestial being. Among humans, there are two types: one is the animalistic human, and the other is the idealistic human.

When you see this, the plains and beaches are just monotonous. When you wake up, all you see is a field of reeds. You only see the bottom of the rice paddies. It is monotonous. But in the mountain valleys, it is different. There is so much variety. There are pheasants, various migratory birds that come and go with the seasons, and many mountain birds. Also, deep in the mountains…. There are tigers in Gangwon Province, right? "Yes." Have you seen a tiger? "Yes." You may not have seen one, but you have heard that there are tigers, right? Anyway, since they say there are, let’s assume there are. There are tigers, and then there are wild boars, not the domestic pigs raised at home. I have gone hunting for wild boars in Gangwon Province many times. If you hit a wild boar once, you have to shout for everyone 30 li away to get out of the way. These creatures are so stubborn and relentless. So there are many wild boars, right? And then there are rabbits and all kinds of animals. It is very diverse.

Here, I don’t know what the district leader’s wife’s name is, but there is a lady with a broad face and a very round appearance. When you see that lady…. Here, brother and sister. (Laughter)

Everyone, do you know about Eastern painting? You know about paintings, right? When you draw a painting, what must you choose well? You must choose the subject well. You need to select beautiful scenery. More than beautiful skills, the beautiful scenery is what matters. Even when you take a photo, it is not the technique of taking the picture that matters, but what kind of scenery is behind it. Depending on that, it can become a special selection or even first place. Do you understand?

Therefore, when it comes to painting Eastern art, the problem is always…. Have you ever seen an Eastern painting that depicts a plain? Is there an Eastern painting of a plain? There isn’t. Look for one. Eastern art always depicts high mountains, sharp and pointed peaks, with a blue pine tree swaying gently, where the top of the tree is dying, and a crane is trying to land on a dead branch. This is where all the play of life and death, harmony, must unfold. There is also a saying about the drooping pine, right? The pine tree droops its branches over the rocks and says, "Look at me," dancing to the morning mood, while below, a clear lake flows with the seasons. When you see this, how beautiful that scenery is! Nowadays, the river that used to flow is being straightened out due to some river restoration project, but that is all wrong. It should wind up and down, bending and curving down; that is the true charm of famous Eastern art. Isn’t that right?

Therefore, if there is someone who paints Eastern art, there is no place to paint other than Gangwon Province. Isn’t that so? You people! You should think about this and live saying, "I love Gangwon Province." Therefore, while imaginary Eastern art can be painted in any way, the background that can beautifully depict actual Eastern art is only found in Gangwon Province.

Now, everyone, do you need a beautifully painted picture, or do you need the beautiful scenery itself? Which is more valuable? "The scenery itself is better." The scenery itself? "Yes." How much more valuable is that? Think about that. It is undoubtedly priceless. That should be enough, right? Undoubtedly….

When we talk about the most beautiful woman, there are slender beauties, crescent-shaped beauties, round beauties, flower-like beauties, and various kinds of beauties. Isn’t that right? There are women who say, "I want to be among them," and there are various shapes. Then, when a man sees a picture of that beautiful face and likes it, and when he sees the beautiful woman herself and likes her, which one is happier? (Laughter) Oh, don’t laugh; answer me. Which one is happier? Is it happy to see the painting and say, "Oh, how beautiful!"? Isn’t that happiness? You can look at that face for a thousand years, and even if you know how to smile, she doesn’t smile. (Laughter) Is that happiness? "No." Then what is it? The real thing, the reality, is better.

Beauty must achieve harmony of high and low, long and short.
When you look at your village…. You see this every day since you were young, and you see it as you age, and you will see it until you die, so you might think…. But those who can see will buy the whole neighborhood and build a house in it to enjoy the scenery. City people will pave the roads and try to live there. Can that happen? "Yes." I would do that too.

I love mountains, fields, and everything, but to get the first impression of a beautiful place in the world, it must be a mountain. What kind of mountain should it be? It should be like a handsome man. Then there should also be a mountain like a beautiful woman, so that they can be relative. There should be grandeur as well as delicacy.

When speaking, there should be soft whispers as well as loud shouts. When there are whispers and loud sounds, that becomes music. If it is a little more, it becomes music. Music must have high and low, long and short, right? Nature is the same. So when you look at Gangwon Province, there are both grand places and delicate places like a myriad of things.

When you look closely at a person’s face, where do you feel attracted? Do you feel attracted to the nose, or do you feel attracted to the eyes? It seems the people of Gangwon Province do not understand my words. (Laughter) It seems strange. I wonder if this is the first time I am asking such a question. How long have you lived in the mountains…. (Laughter) Is it like that even when asking a simple question? When you look at a face, where is it attractive? Is it the nose that is attractive, or where is it attractive? "The eyes." Which eyes? Autumn eyes, spring eyes? (Laughter) What kind of eyes? Eyes that come from the sky? "It’s different for everyone." Yes, it’s different for everyone, but what is different? What do you find attractive? (Laughter)

When you describe a human face in poetry, what is most often treated as a subject? "Ah, it’s the nose like a tall general." The nose is mentioned the most.
't it? But God has a form, doesn't He? God is the embodiment of the universe. The universe is the manifestation of God's shape. Therefore, when we say that God is in me, it means that God is in everything that constitutes me. 

So, if we think about it, God is in the heart, in the mind, in the spirit, and in the body. This means that God is in all of us. We are all connected to God. 

Now, if we think about our purpose, what is our purpose? Our purpose is to reflect God's will. We are here to fulfill God's desires. 

When we say 'God and our will,' it means that we need to align our will with God's will. We need to understand what God wants and strive to achieve that. 

In doing so, we become one with God. We become the embodiment of God's love, God's truth, and God's purpose. 

So, as we live our lives, we need to remember that we are not just individuals living for ourselves. We are part of a greater whole. We are part of God's creation, and we have a responsibility to reflect that in our actions and our thoughts. 

In conclusion, let us strive to understand God's will and align our lives with it. Let us be the embodiment of God's love and purpose in this world. Thank you.
You... think there could be something like the head of God. 
If you look at this Earth quietly, it resembles a person. The shape of the Earth resembles a person. Then where is the head of the Earth? I don't know where the head is, but the Earth is also sitting quietly. It is not lying down. Right? There is something called the North Pole, the North Pole. And there is also something called the South Pole. It just sits there... You can think that God also breathes. What kind of breath? It breathes an invisible breath. It is seen as breathing. Because it resembles that, the land also resembles God, so it is breathing. Then what is the breathing path? Everyone, the Earth has... 
There are magnetic lines, right? I think so. If you attach a compass to a magnet, everything moves along this path like breathing. Everything is like that because it resembles God. 
Then what about the trees on the surface of the Earth? They can be seen as like our hair. Then the land is like skin, and if you go a little deeper, there is an oil layer, and there are bones, and then you go into the rock layers, into the lava layers, and all of that symbolizes a person. Do you understand? "Yes." 
Everything that seems to resemble God is connected. Ultimately, God has spread out His shape and materialized it, and that is the universe. In other words, the creation of all things is the realization of what God thinks, so what God thinks is thought in a way that resembles God. What does that mean? It means that since God thinks like God, it resembles God. Therefore, everything that is formed resembles some part of God. So, no matter what object you look at, there is the nature of God in it. 
When you see it this way, what is the universe? It is a creation made by God, but when viewed as a whole, it can be seen as a subjective existence of God. This universe is called the objective existence of God. 
God is the causal subject. 
This object necessarily needs a master, and who is that master? It is God. Therefore, what is visible is the object, and what is invisible is the subject; this logic is established. Because of this, among all things, the visible and the invisible combine to form one existence. 
Is this table visible or invisible? It is visible. Then, before this table came into existence, there was an invisible idea. So which one is the subject? Is the table the subject, or is the invisible thought the subject? "Thought." That thought is designed and represented in a blueprint, and what has gone through three stages and has been realized is this object. Right? "Yes." 
Everyone, when you say "eye," was there an invisible thought before the eye existed or not? "There was." There was. So where is God? Is He in the visible or the invisible? "In the invisible." 
I have talked about this when lecturing elsewhere. In the beginning, this eye, our grandfather, the very first ancestor's eye, when he thought, what did that eye itself come into existence to see? It was born to see people and all things, right? When it was born, did that eye itself know there was a sun? Did it know or not? "It did not know." Did it know there was a sun or not? "It did not know." It did not know, so how did it come to be able to see the sun? 
Also, when the eye itself was born, did it know, "Ah, here the wind is blowing, and there is dust on the Earth"? Did it know or not? Could the eye itself know? It did not know. But why did it create all these screens? Why the eyelashes? It was to prevent dust from entering, right? Did it happen without knowing or knowing? The eye itself did not know, but it was created because it knew that there was dust on the ground, right? "Yes." 
Also, why do eyes blink? Why is that? You haven't thought about that either. If you keep your eyes open for just 30 minutes, they become red. Why? Because all the moisture here evaporates. A big accident happens. When there is dust on the ground, do you sprinkle water? Similarly, blinking is like the action of sprinkling water. Right? 
What that means is that the Earth must have radiant heat, and this heat causes evaporation, so to prevent that evaporation, the eye itself did not know, but there was a plan that was made, so it was designed this way. That is theoretical. Do you understand? 
Even when looking at just one eye, it is theoretically undeniable that there was an invisible thought before this reality came out. Therefore, the subject that could think of the eye becoming like a palace of mystery must be something greater than a concrete person. Who could that be? It could be God, a stone, a bird; the name doesn't matter. It could be a woman or a man. 
When you look at it this way, if you dig into the source, humans are ultimately a consequential existence... To give birth to a consequential existence, from a scientific perspective, there is a logic that says there cannot be a result without a cause, so ultimately there must be a causal subject. What does that subject say? "God." It is God. 
The invisible is the center of value. 
Even if I want to talk about this for a long time, there is no time, but when you see it that way, it means that God cannot not exist. Then, when we look at our world, is the visible the subject, or is the invisible the subject? The invisible is the subject. Can you see your heart? "No." 
When you look at a tree, there is something that pulls it toward the sunlight. What goes toward the sunlight? The directionality of the tree, its orientation, goes because the invisible is going that way, so the branches go that way. The principles of heaven and earth are like that. 
If God were a visible being, it would be a big problem. If He were visible, could He just pass through this wall? He cannot. Because He is invisible, He can pass through anywhere without hindrance. Do you understand? Because He exists as an invisible being, there is no blockage. Your eyes also pass through smoothly. If God were visible, our eyes would be like satellites. It would be like this universe, and the invisible God can move freely. It is seen as large, like the universe. Because the dimensions are different, what is invisible to our eyes is. Seeing, vision, cannot see beyond the limits of wavelengths. You cannot see infrared or ultraviolet, right? "Yes." So, what is visible is merely very narrow. 
Therefore, if we talk about a person as an individual, what kind of person is an individual? Is an individual someone with two noses, one eye, or a mouth upside down? Is that so? "No." It is the same. There is one mouth, one nose, and one eye. 
If you compare a person with individuality to a person without individuality from Gangwon-do, the person from Gangwon-do might have a more rugged and masculine face because they lived in the mountains. When you look at individuals, there are some who look petty. "Oh, how can that face look so petty? I thought that person was great, but their face looks like that? Oh, I am disappointed." This can happen, right? 
Then, do you set the standard for individuality based on a good-looking face, a good-looking body, or on thoughts? Which one? "On thoughts." On thoughts. An individual is someone who has thoughts that others cannot think... When the invisible quantity of that thought, or its height and width, becomes large and wide, it is said to be a great person, right? "Yes." 
People like teachers may have faces that are not pleasant to look at, right? But what made them able to be your teachers? Was it their visible appearance? Did their visible face make them that way? "No." Then what is it? It is the invisible thought. You need to understand that. Therefore, in all matters of the world, where is all the preciousness? It is not only in the visible but rather in the invisible that there is a value-centered subjectivity. 
Have you seen sunlight? Have you seen light? You see light, but what is sunlight like? It is bright, but... Do you see light? "Yes." You see it, but you don't know it, right? Isn't that so? You see it, right? "Yes." So, you have to draw a line and say this is sunlight. However, while it exists, can you draw sunlight? Can you draw sunlight? "It's just bright. It's bright." It exists, but when it is full, it seems like it is there and not there. It is said to be absent because it is empty. When it is full, if you go inside, you do not know. 
The invisible is the subject. 
Then let me ask you one thing. Do our ladies look in the mirror every day or not? "They do." Why do they look? (Laughter) Do they look in the mirror or not? "They do." They do. Are they good-looking? (Laughter) "Oh, this cheek is too prominent; my fate might be a bit unfortunate. I wish it were a bit sunken." And "Oh, this part is a bit sunken; I wish it were a bit more prominent." (Laughter) Right? (Laughter) "Yes." They look every day? "Yes." 
A smart person can recognize someone they saw on the street even after ten years. Someone they see every day can recognize them well. Do you have confidence in drawing your own face? Do you know your own face well? Do you know the face of our association president? You just know it somewhat. (Laughter) No matter how famous a scholar or artist is, when you ask them how their face looks, they just think it is like this or that, and they only think of the outline. I feel the same way. The more I think about it, the less I know. 
You are not like me, so you all have better heads than I do. (Laughter) Can you recognize your own face? If you do, it is a vague recognition, not a clear one. Sometimes you think, "Wow, if it were this much, it would be good-looking!" and then you think, "Wow, is this my face? This face is something I would be embarrassed to show." Depending on how you look at it, it can be good-looking or not. Depending on how you look at it, it can be good or bad. When you look at your eyes, you might think they look like a dove's eyes, and they are nicely shaped, but sometimes you think, "Oh my, how can I look like this?" So, depending on your thoughts, it can be this way or that way; whose thoughts are they? (Laughter) Whose thoughts are they? The teacher's thoughts, your thoughts? Answer me. Whose thoughts? "Our thoughts." My thoughts! (Laughter) 
Why is that? It is because it is too close, too close that it is like that. It can be like that. Look, if you look at something with a skewer, when it is close, can you see it or not? (Laughter) "You cannot see it." Why can't you see it? It is too close. So, the closer you get, the more you can know or not know, but the possibility of not knowing becomes greater than knowing. That is why the world is a mysterious place. That is why it is wonderful. 
And when truly loving partners, like couples, ask, "What does your wife's face look like?" and the husband who has the thought that "My wife's face is round like a picture" cannot fully love his wife. If he thinks, "My wife's face is round, yes, round. It looks round at night and round in the day, it looks like this," and if that one shape is what he thinks of for his whole life, there is no hell worse than that. 
However, when that wife laughs, he might think, "How can that round face look so long? Oh, I thought her eyes were small, but they look so big!" The more he sees, the more he can understand, and then? The more he can also not understand, the mystery and harmony are there. Do you understand? That is why I think that people who can draw pictures of their partners' faces two or three times will lose affection. So, do not draw pictures or photos of your husband. That is a reasonable statement. 
If you think the teacher's words make sense, you should study it. Even when looking at the face of the groom, if you look at it with a happy heart, it will appear as a joyful counterpart, and when you are emotional, it will appear as an object of comfort. When tears flow, it goes up and down, like a wave, and it goes around. The more you can feel this about your groom, the more ideal he is! That is how it will appear. Do you understand? 
When it is close, when it is full, you do not know it. Is there air or not? "There is." Why don't you know? Because it is full. Because sunlight is full, it exists, but you cannot know it. You cannot leave even a little empty space. Do you understand? 
If I were to talk about this, there would be no limit, but that is why the invisible is the subject. People too... (Adjusting the microphone height) Why do you keep raising it? If you do that, you won't see people's faces. (Laughter) Did I come to see this microphone? I came to see people's faces. That is your responsibility. Why didn’t you set it up here? Do I know? It is the same as the question of what you know. 
It is fortunate for humans that God exists as an invisible being. So, did God do well to be visible or did He do well to be invisible? "He did well to be invisible." He did well to be invisible. If He were visible, those who are like thieves trying to make the world their own would... if God were to become visible, all of that nation... Would you go to catch God if He were visible? Would you go to find Him or catch Him? Answer me. Would you go to find Him or catch Him? "To catch Him." Honestly, tell me. Would you go to find Him or catch Him? "To catch Him." Everyone says they would go to catch Him. (Laughter) 
When you say you will go to see Him or find Him, it is better to say you will go to find Him, and then when you say you will go to find Him or catch Him, you say, "I don’t want to go to find Him. I want to go to catch Him." (Laughter) If God were visible, surely everyone would answer that they would go to catch Him; that is a universal answer. Is there any objection? That man over there doesn’t need God... Is that true for you too? It is the same, right? "Yes." It is all the same. They say they would go to catch God. 
If on the day He is visible, even a Korean who says he is worthless would say he would go to catch Him, would a well-off Westerner just go to watch? They would go to catch Him. Here, a Korean would walk steadily, but they would go catch Him by jet. The principle of going to catch Him is undeniable. The same goes for black people.
Then, think about how many crush incidents would occur if people started gathering to catch God. (Laughter) This will continue forever. Every day, thousands of crush incidents will happen, and eventually, people will fight over who gets to catch God, and in the end, there will only be one person left. Will such crush incidents happen or not? "They will." That's why I thought, considering all of this, "Wow, God is quite clever. Why does He choose to remain unseen?" Do you understand?

Also, if God were visible, there would be crush incidents, but countries with military power, like the Soviet Union or the United States, would wipe out anyone trying to catch Him. "You guys, don't come here! A country like the United States should conquer God!" That’s what they would say. With this situation, would there be a world war around God or not? "There would be." Even today, wars break out over a piece of land, and for the most precious being in the universe, which is God, wouldn't there be a world war to possess Him? "There would." They would shoot cannons and do all sorts of things. Do you think that would happen or not? "It would."

So, I see God as someone who thinks well, and I believe He concluded, "It is ideal for me to remain unseen." Do you disagree? It was good that God remained unseen. It was good that He remained unseen, but those who know about God can meet Him. Only those who have a profound interest in and knowledge of God, the experts, can meet Him; others cannot.

So, what is religion? Religion is a place that helps you acquire the specialized skills to meet God. What is that? "Religion." It is religion. If you study the invisible God professionally, you can see Him.

There used to be spiritual mediums, right? When one becomes a medium, they can see far-off places like England clearly, and they can also see the spiritual world clearly. Do you understand? Someone like Teacher Moon might be close to that kind of person. That’s why I can do what others cannot. I can see what others cannot see, know what others do not know, and hear what others cannot hear, so I can go ahead of others, understand, and know first. So, can I not do what others cannot do? "You can." (Laughter) When I look at it this way, it was good that God remained unseen.

Just because God is unseen does not mean He does not exist. 

When you want to hide a treasure… a treasure… there are many thieves in the world, right? "Yes." If you trace the history of treasures, if that treasure was a diamond that used to be on a crown of some Persian king, it has a long history of being taken to India and passing through various places. From the day that treasure becomes known on this earth, it follows a convoluted path. Why is that? Because it was visible. Because it was a visible treasure, if the owner had hidden an invisible treasure perfectly, who could find it? Could it follow a convoluted history? It would remain in the same place for thousands of years.

If you have a treasure, do you want to hide it in a place where it can be stolen, or in a place where it will never be stolen? "In a place where it will never be stolen." You want to put it in a place where it will never be stolen. Where in the world is such a place? It is mine, the most precious treasure to me, and I must protect it, but where will I put it? In a vault? That can be blown up with dynamite and taken away.

Now, if I say I will cut open my leg and hide it there, if someone finds out, they will take my leg. When you think about this, even a precious visible treasure is not precious. The invisible treasure is precious. When we think that what is in our hearts is more precious than our visible bodies, if there is an invisible treasure, it is precious. What is the most precious among invisible treasures? It is God. Do you understand? What is the most precious among invisible treasures? "God." God. 

I want to hide God in a place that only I know, in the safest invisible storage. Where is that? It is in my deep heart. Do you understand? If I keep God in my deep heart and fill it with iron, no one can take it away.

At that point, I can sleep soundly. Who could take it away? Even if they kill me, even if they kill my body, they cannot take it away. They cannot kill my heart forever. Since I have buried it in my heart, it is mine forever, eternally.

When you look at the Bible, when the disciples asked Jesus, "Oh, Teacher, where is the kingdom of heaven?" what did He say? Did He say, "The kingdom of heaven is in some starry land, a dreamlike place you must travel to"? No. He said, "The kingdom of heaven is within my heart," right? "Yes." So, where do you want to hide your treasure? "In the heart."

What is the most precious thing among humans? Among humans, what is the most precious thing? God is the greatest treasure, but there is also love, right? Love? Love is stronger than life! Isn't that right? "Yes." The most precious thing for humans is life, but what can you exchange for life? You cannot exchange it. Then, if love is more precious than life, would you prefer love to be visible or invisible? "Invisible." Have you seen love? "No." Then, did that man love or not? "He did." How can you love something you have not seen? "It was invisible." (Laughter)

When you ask like this, it sounds strange. They say they have not seen love, yet they say they have loved. Isn't that right? Love is invisible, but the actions of love are visible. If you see a young lady's face and notice she likes you, then… when you both like each other, whether you look into each other's eyes or whatever… you can see the expressions of love, the actions of love, but you cannot see love itself. Isn't that right? Raise your hand if you have seen love. Anyone who says, "Teacher, you are wrong." Let me ask you one thing. Did those men see love?

Have you seen the wind? Have you seen the wind? "No." You have seen the action of the wind. You have not seen love. You have seen the expression of love's action. That’s how it is. Have you seen power? Have you seen power? You have seen the action of power. All of these are precious. The more invisible they are, the more precious they are. Life is the same. Have you seen life? "No." You have not seen it, yet it is the most precious. When you think about it, you might wonder, "What is precious about something that is invisible?" But that is not true. When you realize that there are many things more precious than what is invisible, the more God is unseen, the more He must be the most precious thing that exists.

Now, I don't have time to talk more, but let’s say God exists now. Do you understand? "Yes." Now you can understand, right? "Yes." Everything is like that. God exists.

What is God's will? If you go to established church pastors today and ask, "Pastor, what is God's will?" they might say, "What do you mean, what is God's will? God's will is God's will!" (Laughter) If you ask, "Well, what is God's will? I want to know," they might respond, "Well, that's an easy question if it's easy, and a hard question if it's hard!" That’s how they answer. Where in the world do you find such an answer? When you ask, "What is God's will?" they should say something like this, but saying it is easy or hard means they cannot answer. It is an excuse. Such an answer can be said this way or that way. That won't do.

Therefore, the biggest issue for us religious people is… if we know God exists, then religious life is about following God's will. Isn't that right? Religious life is about following God's will.

When we say "God's will," it encompasses the will for individuals, families, tribes, nations, the world, and the universe. Then what? God also loves, so it includes the will for love centered on God. We must understand all of that. Do you think so?

That’s why our Unification Church, being the central religion that aims to unify all religions, must define these things. When we ask, "What is God's will?"… what is God's will? Since God created, there is a purpose for creation. Therefore, it is to fulfill the purpose of creation. That is how it is. What is God's will? Because God created heaven and earth, if He created humans, it is to fulfill the purpose for which humans were created. Likewise, if He created cats and pigs, it is to fulfill the purpose for which cats and pigs were created. If He created trees, it is to fulfill the purpose for which trees were created. That is the common relationship's conclusion. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, what is God's will? "To fulfill the purpose of creation." To fulfill the purpose of creation! Exactly…

Then what does fulfilling the purpose of creation mean? What happens when the purpose of creation is fulfilled? The ideal of creation is realized. Because the purpose of creation is achieved, the realization of the ideal becomes possible. Therefore, before God's purpose of creation is fulfilled, is the realization of God's ideal possible or impossible? What is it? "Impossible." The realization of God's ideal of creation occurs from the completion of the purpose of creation. That is the order. After the purpose of creation is fulfilled, the realization of the ideal of creation occurs.

In the emotional realm, women hold a higher and more precious position than men. So, when we return to humanity… when we talk about humans, there are men and women. If you were born a woman, did you have a good birth or a bad birth? Was it better to be born a woman or a man? What do you think? Is it better to be born a woman? (Laughter) Have you thought about that? "I would have preferred to be born a man." You would have preferred to be born a man?

Look. Can men give birth? (Laughter) The beauty of a woman giving birth, going through the pain, and nursing the baby is incomparable to that of a man. That’s what I think. I used to think being a man was good, but in that emotional world, women are delicate and nurturing, while men are just spectators! "If only men could experience that." Have you thought about that? Can men give birth? "No." Then? (Laughter) Why do you dislike giving birth? (Laughter) That’s the honest truth. Men have no charm. (Laughter) They are just spectators when it comes to giving birth.

Our Kwon Jin is here. I think love should not be less than a mother's love, but when I go into a room with my mother and she says, "Come here," I turn away and go to her. (Laughter) Ten times out of ten, a hundred times out of a hundred… it feels bad. (Laughter)

So I think, "Isn't it natural to go to the person who has put in the effort and hard work?" I know that and comfort myself. "You may not have learned, but you can follow the principles of heaven and earth." At that moment, I feel great. Isn’t that right? Raise your hand if you are married, men. Men, raise your hands. When you go home with your wife, does the baby go to the mother first or to the father first? "To the mother first." Right? (Laughter) Does that feel good or bad? "Good." Does it feel good? (Laughter) Then is she better than you?

When you think about it… look. In this world, who has a greater capacity to love children, the mother or the father? "The mother." Why? Why does the mother have a greater capacity? If anyone has put in effort, it is the mother, and if anyone has suffered, it is the mother, so how can she not love more than anyone else?

In that sense, women hold a higher and more precious position in the emotional realm than men, but women in the East do not realize this. So, would you have preferred to be born a man? (Laughter) Even now? The joy of a father… when children see their father, they might think, "He’s not charming," and laugh, but when they see their mother smile, it feels different… (Laughter) That’s the taste of it. Men have no charm. Do you understand? Grandmothers, grandfathers, our young ladies see this and think, "He’s on my side." (Laughter) My point is correct. When you see men laugh, they have no charm. Even if you want to pinch them, you cannot, and the love that is so charming is something men do not understand.

Therefore, when entering heaven, who will go to a better heaven? It concludes that women will go to a more emotional heaven. But did they wrongly become women? (Laughter) Did they wrongly become women? "No." Now you feel good, right? (Laughter)

God is fair. Look. When you touch a woman’s skin… this may not be appropriate to say, but since it has come up, let’s talk about it. Men's hands are rough, and when a man's hand touches another man's hand, it feels terrible. There is nothing more unpleasant than that. Why? Because a man's hand is stiff and rough, and if another hand touches it, would that feel good? (Laughter)

When you observe the principles of heaven and earth… if you look at a rotating motor, it may seem to be made of strong steel, but the surface that rotates is made of something like lead. That is a soft metal. It will not wear out even after a thousand years of rotation. The principles of heaven and earth are like that. Therefore, God is truly a specialist. But if you put steel against steel, it will catch fire in a few hours. So, they cannot be together.

Similarly, if you put a rough man’s hand on another rough man’s hand, should they like it or dislike it? They should dislike it.
You have to dislike it thoroughly. Why? Because it cannot be. Both will break apart. However, if something soft comes to something strong, both are preserved. When a man's hand touches another man's hand, it doesn't feel good. However, when a soft woman's hand touches a man's hand, it doesn't feel bad. (Laughter) I don't know. I think that way, but I don't know if I'm right or wrong, men. Right? "That's right." Do women feel the same? Instead, when a woman's soft hand rests on another woman's hand, it feels... (Laughter)

Let me tell you an interesting story. There is a lady in our church. She has beautifully shaped soft fingertips and is a very beautiful woman. She has hands that any woman would want to model after, but this lady, you see, has reached the age to get married. What do they say to each other? What do they call it when they meet? "It's called matchmaking." No, they say it's a proposal, a proposal.

So, the man and the woman set a date and went to see each other through a matchmaker. The man comes from a decent family and has grown up well, but when they first meet, can they see the face of another man's face first? They can't, so they end up looking at the hands first. But when they looked at the hands, they saw that it wasn't a man's hand but a woman's hand. It looked like a woman's hand. Oh, how disappointing that was; that bad feeling is still unforgettable to this day.

If that hand had been thick and rough like a bull's front paw, how attractive it would have been to that woman! That's true, isn't it? If it had looked like a man's hand, it would have felt sturdy and there would be nothing to criticize. Isn't that right? Women, please answer me. Did that lady say that to please me? Ladies, please answer me. Should a man's hand look like a woman's hand? Is it good for a man to look rugged and manly? "Yes, it should look manly." That's right. (Laughter)

That's why men have beards. Why do men have beards? When a man has a beard, there is something stimulating about it. What do you call it? Because it's soft, it has a bounce and gives a stimulating feeling, that's what it is. I think women like men with beards. (Laughter) I don't know if that's true or not. But if a husband doesn't have a beard, you shouldn't say he's an unfortunate husband. That's how I think. (Laughter) Now, drink a glass of water. (Laughter) After talking that much, you need to drink, right? (Drinks water)

So, being born as a man and being born as a woman... Did our men do well to be born as men? "Yes." Why did they do well? What is good about it? If you ask that, you have to think it through. Why did they do well? What should a man do? He should work, work. What kind of work should he do? He should do pioneering work.

To be the crown of all creation...

To be the crown of all creation... "Man is the crown of all creation. Among all things, man is the most precious." There is such a saying. When it comes to being the crown, does it feel like being a woman or a man? "Like a man." A woman is small, with a fist this big, no matter how big her eyes are, and with no beard on her face, if a small woman says, "I am the crown of all creation," how does that sound? Does it sound fortunate or unfortunate? (Laughter) Women, try saying it. "I am the crown of all creation." No matter how much you say it in a sharp voice, it's still not as good as a man's. (Laughter) But a man with a big build saying, "I am the crown of all creation!" sounds fitting. (Laughter) Which is it? Is it from women or from men? "From men." Even if they dislike it, women cannot help but answer, "From men." (Laughter) If a fight breaks out in the neighborhood and a woman goes and says, "Hey, you guys, get out of the way!" do they move? (Laughter) With a thick fist, like a big toe, saying, "You guys, get out of the way!" they will respond, "Yes." (Laughter) Isn't that right?

From that standpoint, who should occupy the position of the crown, women? "Men." Who? "Men." "Women." Who? "Women." (Laughter) There's nothing you can do about it. Therefore, one must be someone who has at least one more skill. There must be someone who has at least one more thing.

Then what does a man have that is one more? A beard, he has a beard. (Laughter) In terms of quantity, he has one more. Where is the qualification to be the crown? Even in terms of quantity, he has one more. What do you say? Women should answer. Men answer before being asked. Women feel bad about it. What do you say? "It's the beard." Yes, because men have beards, they are one more than women, so someone who has one more is better than someone who has one less. Therefore, even if the better person becomes the crown...

God is a truly reasonable God. Is there any complaint about that? Why, is there no beard? (Laughter) Women have no choice but to lose. The way of thinking has to be set up like this so that women cannot move. (Laughter) But don't go home today and say, "Oh, because I don't have a beard..." Don't say that. (Laughter) And men should not despise beards anymore. From now on, do not despise beards. Because of beards... Is it convenient or inconvenient to shave every morning? It's quite inconvenient. Still, don't despise it. This is sacred. (Laughter)

When a beard grows... You all know, right? When you talk about a sage or a master, they should have a white beard and hold a cane high, walking slowly. A woman without a beard, no matter how much she tries to walk slowly, will not look fortunate. (Laughter) That's the truth, isn't it? So, from this perspective, who is the crown of all creation? "Men." Women have no choice but to answer that way. (Laughter) Therefore, men symbolize heaven, and women symbolize the earth. But that doesn't mean that men are superior. Without women, men would be in big trouble. Isn't that right?

However, this is clear. Men rule the world, and women rule men! "Women." (Laughter) What? What do you say about ruling men? "Women." Why? What do they have? Answer me. What do they have? "Beauty." What do they have? What kind of beauty? "Beautiful beauty." What is beautiful about women? (Laughter) What is beautiful? They look quite unfortunate. (Laughter) What do they have? "Love." Yes, love. Love is liked by men, and women? "They like it." Do women like it? "Yes." (Laughter) Do grandfathers like it? "Yes." What about grandmothers? Grandmothers, do they dislike love? "They like it." Raise your hand if you dislike love. If there is such a person, they should be beaten to death. They should be beaten to death. (Laughter) That person is not even human. Even if they exist, they should go away. Go away. That guy is laughing.

Now, does our country's president like love? "Yes." When you see the president living alone, do you feel sorry for him or happy for him? "I feel sorry for him." You feel sorry for him. We should listen carefully to what that unfortunate person says, all thirty million of us. Do you all understand? Now, is the teacher unfortunate or not? (Laughter) "Not unfortunate." Oh, at this moment, he is unfortunate. He always comes with his mother, but he didn't come today, so he came alone. (Laughter) Therefore, women are needed.

When a man is alone, would he prefer a whimpering person or a limping person? (Pretends to walk limping) A limping person still needs that leg. Likewise, a woman is the left leg, and a man is the right leg. Would you prefer to walk like a limping person or a normal leg? When a couple loves each other, they walk together. That's right, isn't it? That's right. Look.

Why do men get ruled by women? Have you thought about it? Why? Because of love? It is because of love, but there must be a reason attached to it. You must understand the reason more than the cause. What is that reason? A man goes out and fights for 24 hours, gets his face red, talks a lot, and encounters all sorts of good and bad things. When he comes home in the evening, he gets tired. If his legs hurt, what happens? He says, "Oh, my legs hurt." Who rubs his legs? "His wife." "Oh, just a little more, oh, that feels good!" (Laughter) Who scratches his back?

In the end, there is no emotional time for a man when he is outside. It's all about struggle, struggle. That's all there is. However, the place of emotional comfort is when he comes home... When he comes home, he doesn't say to the kids, "Where should I scratch?" It's his wife, the closest person to him. Isn't that right? So, when his back itches, he relies on her, and when his legs hurt, he relies on her. Also, when the husband is in a bad mood, she says, "Why is that? That can happen in the world." She comforts him, and while they eat together, she says, "Don't think negatively about it; just let it all out." This is why she heals many of his wounds. Do you understand? That's right, isn't it? "That's right."

Therefore, where is the thought? When is a person happy? It is when they go to the place that heals their pain, their difficulties, or their struggles. People naturally want to go there and want to rest and entrust everything to that place. Do you understand? "Yes."

In that sense, who does that responsibility and work more? Women do, women. Can you just say "love" without thinking? The emotional quantity that fills a man's sorrowful heart is so great... In such places... People are like this, right? They want to share their feelings and secrets with someone who understands them and comforts them. This is why they open up everything to women. They talk about both good and bad things, and when they control it by saying, "This was bad because of this," they follow because they have incurred a lot of debts. Therefore, the logic that women can rule men is established.

You need to explain it like this for it to be understood; you can't just say, "The universe is ruled by men, and women rule the men who rule the universe." You can't say that. Because of such content, because of such reasons, it naturally leads to the conclusion that men will listen to women's words. Do you understand?

Men should think about that too. Try living it out, right? Do you think so? "Yes." That's right, isn't it? Where do men go? When a man comes home with rice cakes, if a woman looks like a man, they will fight again. If a woman looks like a man, will they not fight? Then where will the man go? Then the man will hang himself. Is there any other way? Is there any joy in living?

The joy of living must be filled with something deep in the emotional valley. Therefore, they cannot help but listen to that, so even if women rule men, that statement is not bad. Is it bad? Is it bad? Your wife is a bit chubby, isn't she? Huh? Is that right? "That's not true." Why not? Then what's wrong? Where did your wife go? What's her name? "She couldn't come here." Why couldn't she come? If you had brought her today, I could have given her a good education... (Laughter) Why didn't you bring her on a day like today? That's how it is. Does that make sense?

Men rule the universe, and women rule the men who rule the universe? "They rule." With what? "With love." What kind of love? The love that feeds, the love that caresses, the love that scratches, the love that sweeps... (Laughter) There are many kinds of love.

Now, what does a person like the most? "Love." Love. Do you all like love? People know the word love but don't know its content, yet they still say, "Love!" (Laughter) Motherly love is good, right? That's why people do not dislike love. Do you understand? There is no doubt about it. Isn't that right? "Yes."

The purpose of creating men and women is achieved when they maintain their positions.

What is the purpose of being born as a woman? As I said earlier... From now on, we must return to the path of fulfilling the purpose of creation. The fulfillment of the purpose of creation, what is the fulfillment of the purpose of being a man? When we talk about people, there are men and women, and the purpose of creation for men is different from that for women. Women cannot say, "I will do a man's work." If a man is going out hunting and fighting, can a woman say, "Forget it, I will do it"? The missions are different.

Then what is the fulfillment of the purpose of being a man? What is it? You need to know what it is. What is it? What is the fulfillment of the purpose of being a man? What is it? If you know what a man is, a woman will just know. You need to ask the men. They should not be able to answer. Those men, right? What is the fulfillment of the purpose of being a man? You need to know that.

You must know how to treat the relationships of hierarchy, front and back, and left and right with respect. You must know where your position is and maintain it. What is the fall? It is not being able to maintain your position. There should be no deviation in the relationships of front and back, left and right, and up and down. In other words, you must become a man who can understand the principles of things.

Now, there are parents, there are couples, and then there are siblings. In this way, you should not deviate in the relationships of hierarchy, and you should not deviate in the relationships of siblings. Do you understand? If you do not deviate in the relationships of front and back, left and right, and up and down, what is that? It becomes the center. You stand in the central position. In the center of the front, back, left, and right, the distance is equal in all directions, right? The distances of up and down, front and back, and left and right are all equal, right? Therefore, you must not deviate. What is the fall? It arises from deviation. That's how it happened. Do you understand?

Then, as a man, you should distinguish the relationships of hierarchy... (The recording briefly cuts out) Then you will have your children. When you look at it from the center, left and right are the relationships of couples, and front and back are the relationships of children. This should not deviate. Do you understand? There is a purpose of creation in that.

If his child is a boy, and you observe how that boy behaves in the neighborhood, you can tell that he is hopeful. If he does not deviate and recognizes all the elders and leads the younger ones, and maintains balance in all left and right relationships, then that boy is considered hopeful. Do you understand? Here, students! That boy has eyes like that, but he won't listen to others. He listens well to the teacher and to his mother...
You must listen carefully to what I say. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You must keep the position you are meant to keep. In that place, there should be no wavering in maintaining it. Once it is determined, it must never change, just like God is eternal. It must be that way. Do you understand what I mean? If not, the heavens and the earth will crumble. 

What is the fall? It happened because the position was not maintained. Do you understand? Women have a position to keep as women. Women have a position to maintain as women. They must stand in such a position. If that happens, then the purpose of creation will be fulfilled. 

After fulfilling the purpose of creation, it transitions to the stage of ideal realization. Once the purpose of creation is fulfilled, what comes next? It transitions to the stage of ideal realization. So, what is the ideal realization for men, and what is it for women? What is it? "Keeping one's position." What is that position? It is a position, but it changes at that time. The ideal position emerges. After the sibling position passes, once the purpose of creation is fulfilled, then after that, it pursues the ideal age. 

So, when entering adolescence, one already knows how the world is. What is adolescence? It is the time when a sphere is formed. At that time, boys are boys, and girls are girls, and everyone’s hearts are swelling. It is a time of buoyancy. Just seeing leaves rolling in the wind makes one go ‘hee hee hee….’ That’s how it is. Even seeing a stone that was placed on a wall rolling down makes one go ‘ha ha ha ha….’ 

What this means is that one can harmonize with everything completely. Therefore, at that time, there is no one who cannot be a poet among all. There is no song in the world that one does not want to sing. You must have felt all of that. Have you felt it? "Yes." Is that so? It is such a time. So, it is the time when flowers bloom. When flowers bloom, what happens? When flowers bloom, they emit fragrance, and just like butterflies are attracted to the fragrance… Adolescence is such a time. Do you understand? The period of preparation for the stage of ideal realization is adolescence. 

Then what is the ideal realization? What is the ideal realization for women? Being a woman is the ideal realization! Is that right? It is being taken by a man. Saying this might feel unpleasant, but being drawn to a man is the ideal realization. And what is the ideal realization for men? Being enchanted by a woman. (Laughter) What is that? It is marriage. Do you understand? It is marriage, marriage. 

Do you all want to get married? Hey, do you want to get married? Do you want to get married or not? Don’t you want to? You want to get married, right? Look at this. If you like it, you should answer. You, boy! Are you a bachelor? Are you married? "No." So, do you want to get married? "Yes." Even with that face? "Yes." Who would marry you? (Laughter) Still, do you want to get married? "Yes." Then that’s good. (Laughter) No matter how much I ask, the answer is the same. If I say, ‘Hey, kid, you can’t get married,’ you would think of me as an enemy. If it is said that you cannot get married, you would want to stab your belly with a knife. Everything in the world is like that. 

If you go to university and study well, what will you do with that education? You might say, ‘I will succeed through studying.’ But what will you do after succeeding? What will you do after being successful? Do you want to live well? To live well, what do you have to do? Is living well just about rolling around drunk with a bundle of money? Is it living well to sit around every day eating beef side dishes, braised dishes, sticky rice, and white rice in a relay style? "No." Then what is it? If you travel the world alone, just going to Japan this morning, England tomorrow morning, and America in the evening, is that living well? What is living well? Studying and succeeding are all secondary. 

So what is the primary thing? ‘By studying well, I will get the most beautiful woman in Korea.’ This is a man’s desire. There is nothing else. Success is a secondary issue. Is that right, or not? Do you think so, or not? "I think so." It seems like that, but it is true. (Laughter) It is nothing special. In the future, what will you do after succeeding? Ah, you will travel the world…. Traveling around the world, seeing beautiful places, eating good food, and listening to good things…. But alone? I don’t like being alone. How about you? Raise your hand if you like being alone! That’s a crazy person, hey, a crazy person. That is not a normal state of mind. 

Therefore, that is the ideal. What is ideal for a woman? Is it meeting a man? Meeting a man. Meeting a man who is like a hefty pig or a bull. Meeting a man who can easily handle things, a man who can kick like a horse, that is ideal. Does it feel good or bad? Still, does it feel good? "Yes." There is no choice. (Laughter) 

What is a man’s ideal? It is not just making a lot of money. It is meeting women well. Do you think so? Did that uncle meet women well? "Yes." (Laughter) Then he must be happy, right? When thinking about women, what is fun about just sitting in a room and scraping a bowl? (Laughter) But it is worth scraping because it can be scraped. It is fun when it is not scraped, right? 

Therefore, you must understand this. After an individual fulfills the purpose of creation, they must realize the ideal, the ideal realization! What is the ideal realization? It is the union of man and woman. How do they become one? Because they become one with money, that is the ideal realization of man and woman! Is that so? If two people with money meet, it is ideal realization, right? "No." If two people are both scholars with degrees, you are a doctor of law, and I am a doctor of law, so we have become one through degrees and knowledge, does that mean ‘Ah, we are a happy family!’? Is that happiness? Is that a happy family? How is it? "No." 

Then power…. A woman is the Minister of Foreign Affairs, and a man is the Minister of Internal Affairs, so they have become one through power, so they are happy! Are they happy? "No." 

It may seem like nothing is visible and nothing exists, but what brings happiness? "Love." Speak plainly. (Laughter) What brings happiness? "Love." Love. Do you like love? "Yes." When talking about love, whether it is a man or a woman, even the old man laughs…. (Laughter) Well, even the Buddha smiles. Right? "Yes." 

The Core of Realizing the Ideal of Creation
So, what is the purpose of creation, the will of God? First, it is to fulfill the purpose of creation, and then it is to realize the ideal of creation. What is ideal realization? It is when man and woman meet. When they meet and become one in love, is that the end? No, it is not. 

Next, there must be sons and daughters. Why? Because everything must be connected in a relationship of upper and lower. If there is yesterday, there is today, and if there is today, there is tomorrow. It must be connected. 

Therefore, just having two people…. If two people are just today, then tomorrow must follow. It cannot be absent. If there is no tomorrow, the connection is severed. If it is said to be for the two people, if there is no lower, it is severed. Thus, the principles of heaven and earth must have upper and lower. Do you understand? "Yes." Upper and lower must coexist. Then, left and right must also coexist, the left and right. Man and woman coexist as left and right. Thus, parents, after marrying their sons and daughters, finally say, ‘Ah, I have fulfilled my responsibility.’ The marriage of parents and the marriage of sons and daughters form a relationship of upper and lower. Do you understand? This is how it works. 

Now, what happens to married couples? There must be a relationship of upper and lower, right? This married man and woman, the couple, now…. What is the relationship of upper and lower? For the couple to be above, there must be below. This is the children, the children. The relationship of upper and lower must unite for the ideal to occur. The relationship of left and right is the union of husband and wife, but the relationship of upper and lower must unite parents and children. This must happen for the vertical and horizontal to connect, and it is believed that this can realize the ideal spherical world of the universe. Do you understand what I am saying? "Yes." 

Also, brothers and so on must all be included to form the sphere. 

Therefore, when realizing the ideal, what must happen is that there must be a crosswise and longitudinal connection, drawing this cross-shaped circle. When the two ideal realization circles are felt by man and woman, then and only then can one say, ‘I live in an ideal position!’ That is what is referred to as the expectation of a son-in-law in the Unification Church. The term expectation of a son-in-law is thus applicable. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Therefore, what is the ideal of creation? It is the completion of the expectation of a son-in-law! That is what comes out. Do you understand? If you break it down concretely, that is it. 

So first is the fulfillment of the purpose of creation, and then it transitions to ideal realization, and this ideal realization is when man and woman become one in love. That is a horizontal union, but in terms of vertical standards, it must unite with the position of parents and children. There must be sons and daughters. When the circular relationship of vertical and horizontal is drawn, it can turn forever. Can it turn if it is only left and right? It cannot roll forever. When the relationship is established vertically and horizontally, it can draw a circle, and when that happens, it can roll forever. Therefore, it can be seen as the ideal. When there is eternity…. Thus, that is the will of God. 

Now, when viewed centered on the will of God, the will of God is necessarily the realization of the ideal of creation, so what is the core of this realization of the ideal of creation? It is the family. The core of the realization of the ideal of creation is not a single person. It is not a male personality or a female personality. Centered on the mother, father, and children, when they become one with God and cannot be separated, that is when the realization of the ideal of creation occurs. You learned about the three-object purpose in the principle, right? If I were to explain it in detail to you, that is it. 

The Uniqueness of the Unification Church
So, what makes the Unification Church different from other religions is that it has aligned God's ideal of creation with the fundamental issue of human ethics and morality, the core of love. Other religions do not know this. They think God is just detached, and that all religions are just among humans. There is no other religion that seeks to connect the ideal of love with such internal relationships among humans. This is the uniqueness that only the Unification Church possesses, and you must understand that. Do you understand? 

Therefore, only through love that God can guide can one truly become a true son and a true daughter, and through becoming one in God's love, a true couple emerges. Based on the emergence of true couples, true parents appear, and thus true sons and daughters are finally reproduced vertically and horizontally. Therefore, when the world is occupied, it becomes a world of good where God can govern through love. This is the global authority that fulfills the will of God. In other words, the ideology of the heavenly kingdom is to be able to horizontally globalize the heart of love like that of a family. 

Even if I am an Eastern person, I must regard Western people as brothers. It must be like this. Like children of one parent…. Whether they are white, yellow, or black, the issue of human races and clans is not the problem; it is the ability to empathize with the feeling of brotherhood, and there should be no gap where one can always marry and always love. One must pass through that realm. Otherwise, it is believed that one cannot enter the heavenly kingdom. Do you understand? Do you understand, ladies? "Yes." 

So, when our ladies get married in the future, will you marry a Korean or a Western person? Will you marry the person the teacher tells you to marry? "Yes." You should do as you wish. I wouldn’t tell you whom to marry. From God's perspective, would it be good for Koreans to marry Koreans, or would it be good for Koreans to marry Westerners? Think about that. 

Would God be a nationalist God or a globalist God? "A globalist God." Would God be a globalist God or a nationalist God? "A globalist God." Whether it goes this way or that way, it is globalism. Is it definitely globalism? "Yes." What is it? God is a nationalist! God is a nationalist! "It is globalism." What is it? (Laughter) God is a nationalist! "It is globalism." I lost. (Laughter) Why? Because it is the truth. 

Even the grandfathers here, the grandfathers in Gangwon-do, need to open their hearts a bit. They might think, ‘How can that teacher say such things? He is Korean, yet he says to abandon all Koreans?’ But that is not the case, it is not. From God's perspective, God is globalist. If a poorly-looking Eastern woman marries a good-looking Western man and lives well, that would be ideal in God's eyes. That is how it looks to God. Marrying only among Eastern people, only among Koreans, does not enter the realm that God would evaluate. Can it enter, or not? 

Therefore, when the ideal age comes, one must enter the case of international marriage to even be a candidate that can be evaluated; those who do not marry internationally cannot even enter the lottery in God's heart realm. Can they enter, or not? (Laughter) Answer me. Can they enter, or not? "They cannot enter." Can they enter, or not? "They cannot enter." You must speak honestly. If you cannot enter before God with dignity, then you cannot enter; if you can enter, then you can enter. (Laughter) 

So, in terms of family, can a family that has not married internationally, one that has married only among Koreans, be a candidate that can be elected as a champion where God can dwell? "No." Is there? "No." Correct! There is none! Ah, that uncle is good. Seeing him say ‘no’ without hesitation. (Laughter) Whether I am a teacher or whatever, it is the truth. Therefore, if Rev. Moon is close to God, would he force international marriage or force ethnic marriage? (Laughter) Even that grandfather, please answer. Would he force international marriage or ethnic marriage? "International marriage." Of course. Such logic holds. God is not a nationalist. 

That God wants to entrust the world to someone…. When God says, ‘Hey, don’t you all want to have the world?’ there is no country where the president would not raise his hand and answer. So it becomes…. 

God, who seeks to save the wicked through the good.
Should I entrust it to someone with a strong cosmopolitan ideology? Where do you think I would entrust it? "A person with a cosmopolitan ideology." Right, even people from Gangwon-do know that. Even if you gather wild boars and ask them, they would answer. Cosmopolitan! (laughter) That is an undeniable fact. Is that wrong or not? "Not wrong." Look at the Christians, these Christians. They are so self-righteous. If there are people here who believe in Jesus, they need to repent. When the time comes, God will judge the whole world with fire and will kill all those who believe in Jesus, leaving only themselves alive. Does that sound good or bad? "Bad." Where is there such a thieving mindset in the world? (laughter) So, sitting there, saying, 'God! Quickly bring down judgment on this wicked world and let our Lord come quickly. Just let me into heaven.' No matter how much you say that, you won't meet the Lord. Your thinking is wrong. If God wants to save the world, He first saves the good people, and then He doesn't just throw away the bad people. He sends the good people to save all the bad people... If it has become a feast day, then He gives everyone at least some bread. If someone is sitting by the roadside crying, and if the owner is a true owner and has a good heart on a good day, then even the flying crows should be given a piece of bread, let alone the people passing by, even if they are children of enemies, they should be fed from the banquet table prepared. Only then does the owner have the qualifications to welcome that joyful day. That's what I think. God would think the same way. If God were to kill everyone and leave only Christianity, that God would be a cruel and murderous God. Today, does it seem like the God that Christianity talks about is better, or the God that Teacher Moon talks about? "Teacher." Yes, it seems better what Teacher Moon says. But what if what Teacher Moon says is not true? If it is not true? If God is not like that, but I say He is, what will happen? All of us from the Unification Church will be punished. We will be judged. Isn't that right? But Teacher Moon knows that God is absolutely not like that. The God that the established churches believe in and the God that I believe in are different. They look sideways, while I look straight ahead. Then which one is seeing correctly? "Seeing from the front." You must see correctly. 

In that sense, God is the embodiment of truth and is a God that aligns with reason. A God that does not align with reason is unnecessary. Yet, when it comes to God, Christians think He is all theirs. Who is God? He is the God of all people, the God of all humanity. He is not anyone's God but our God. And to believe in a religion is to serve God. If this house is your own home, then that house is the neighbor's house. (While writing on the board) That's how it is. 

So, the Bible verse John 3:16 is something that no Christian does not know, right? When they were in kindergarten or Sunday school, they just memorized it. If you look at the content of that verse, it says, 'For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life.' This is what it teaches. Did God give His only begotten Son because He loved Christianity like this? "No." What did He love? "The world." He loved the world like this... Is the world Christianity? The Savior was sent for the world, not for Christianity. Christianity must understand that if it does not save the world, even if it dies or sheds blood, it will be punished. 

Since the Unification Church is part of that group, they know that if they do not save the world, they will be punished, so they are struggling to save the world in order not to be punished. That is why, even though I was born a Korean, I am fighting to save the world in the United States and throughout Europe. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Because I knew that God's will is cosmopolitanism, I can be a nationalist who loves the Republic of Korea, but I have a responsibility to save the world more than the Republic of Korea, so I left my nation, the Republic of Korea, and went to work in America. America is the leading country of the world... Did I do well or not? "You did well." But that doesn't mean I am not a patriot? Even if the Republic of Korea collapses... If the world collapses, the Republic of Korea will also collapse, and both will perish, but even if the Republic of Korea collapses, if the world does not collapse, the Republic of Korea can survive after perishing. Even if the Republic of Korea is alive, if the world collapses, no matter how alive the Republic of Korea is, it will eventually perish. Therefore, I cannot help but say that we should save the world even at the expense of the Republic of Korea. By doing this, we can live whether we live or die. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, when it comes to which is more beneficial, saving the world first is a faster route than saving the Republic of Korea first, so the teacher appears on the path of the world... 

Until now, religious people have not understood the essential responsibilities and missions of religion. America is now in great chaos because of me. They cannot just chase me away... Smart young people, when they hear 'Reverend Moon!' are all prepared to risk their lives and do anything, gathering like a swarm of bees. So, America is now in turmoil. When it comes to Korea, they think of it as a trashy country, and when it comes to yellow races, they think of them as people who used to be their slaves, but suddenly a man appears from among them. For 400 years, they have gathered the essence of European civilization and have been praised as the cultural country of the world. When America says 'ahem,' everyone responds 'yes,' and in this situation, I am teaching religion to all these Americans and attacking everything that American society has done until now, saying it needs to be corrected, which does not sit well with them. So, the State Department is doing all sorts of operations to try to expel me. I know all about it. Did I fight well or not? "You did well." 

You Americans are nationalists, but this American nationalism will not work. We should go to the world even if we abandon America. This is what the Unification Church is advocating today. Is there content that can support this? There is content. That is why when young people get caught up with me, they all get swept away. Those who graduated from university, those who graduated from graduate school, all the promising ones have gotten caught up... Ah, if these trash cans follow me, I wouldn't know, but they are all well-off sons and daughters. Those who graduated from university, master's and doctoral students are gathering, and even the sons and daughters of the American upper class are all gathering. These people are the children of prestigious families and have studied under renowned people who have won Nobel Prizes, and meeting someone like Reverend Moon from Korea is so precious. How do you feel about that? "Yes." You feel good, but the Westerners who are capable feel bad, right? 

But what will God see? The issue is not whether you feel good or whether the Westerners feel bad, but whether God feels good or not. I am making a fuss, making noise, and fighting, but what good is it for others? Whether I feel good or bad, whether Americans feel good or bad, whether Koreans feel good or bad, if God feels good, then the problem is resolved. No matter what... Do you understand? But no matter how much the world opposes, the day God says, 'Do well!' the problem will be resolved as a whole. Therefore, the question is whether I align with God's will, not whether the world is this way or that way. Do you understand? "Yes." 

When we look at religion today, where should religion go? When we consider this issue, if the Unification Church is a religion, it is not the mission of the Unification Church to save only the members of the Unification Church. If it is Christianity, it is not the mission of Christianity to save only the members of Christianity. Until now, they have not understood the essential responsibilities and missions of religion itself. 

What is the purpose of Christianity? It should be understood that it exists to save the world. Christianity is not for making Christians believe and go to heaven, but it is for sending all humanity to heaven through those who have believed first. A Christianity that does not understand this will perish. You did not come here to receive blessings. You came here to share blessings. On behalf of whom? On behalf of God. 

That is why today, when Christianity says, 'God, please love our denomination. The Unification Church is a heresy,' this is precisely a game of punishment. Why insult other denominations? What, is it bad that the neighbor buys a field? Is that person a good person or a bad person? "Bad." They are a bad person. What does the Unification Church ask for? Do we ask for food or anything? They are just making a fuss. They are the ones who strike first, hit the chest, and break the knees, and that is evil. Is it evil to be beaten for no reason? "The one who struck first." The one who attacked first is the evil one and must face the law of public justice. That is why in World War I, the one who struck first was defeated, and in World War II, the one who struck first was defeated. The law of heaven is a strict law. In the third world war, the Soviet Communist Party will strike first against the democratic world, but they will perish. Who will they perish by? By Reverend Moon's hand. 

The established churches... The established churches may strike the Unification Church, but the Unification Church that is right will prosper, but the attacking Christianity? "Will perish." Is that happening now or not? Ultimately, being beaten for no reason is a strategy to bring blessings. Do you understand? The established churches have lost their blessings by insulting. If they file for damages, they will have to repay everything. They will end up with nothing. If they cannot bear this, they should go to prison. I know this, so I say, 'Established churches, hurry up and oppose.' I say, 'All the blessings that your ancestors have built up will all come to me.' (laughter) I know that, so I don't stay quiet. If we fight together, we become the same... But after they have all been beaten, if they strike again, then I will say, 'Do you think you are my meal?' and give them a kick. 

This was all done during last year's 'Day of Hope Grand Festival.' Did the established church's bread fall out, or did the Unification Church's bread fall out? "The established church." What about our Unification Church? "We advanced." Did we advance? (laughter) There was nothing to kick, so we advanced. Yes, since there was nothing to kick, we advanced. 

The issue is not whether people dislike it; the issue is whether God dislikes it. Do you understand? The issue is the global God. Because He is a global God, who would He prefer, someone who says they will make all humanity their brothers, or someone who wants to make only their own people their brothers? Answer me. Who is it? "Global..." 

Who would love all humanity more than their own brothers living within their own fence?
When God sees people, He sheds tears and says, "I have searched the world for someone like you, and finally, I have found you." We must understand that this is God's heart, wanting to share a millennium of stories and grievances. Do you understand? "Yes." 

So what path will our Unification Church take? It cannot simply build its own fence and gather brothers together, calling each other brothers. Before we can cross the hill that allows us to love even the children of our enemies as brothers, the ideal will of God for the Unification Church cannot be fulfilled. 

We must love our enemies as ourselves to uphold God's will. We should look for a way to love not just our allied nations but even enemy nations. When the Unification Church's teachings enable us to love across borders between enemy nations, then there is a possibility for God's will to be realized through this church. Otherwise, it cannot be. In this world, there are so many enemy nations. How many enemy nations are there? They are all enemy nations. Japan and Korea are enemies, China and Korea are enemies, they are all enemies. Countries that share borders can all be seen as enemies. If we cannot practice a way to love our own nation while loving all enemy nations, the Unification Church cannot be a church that upholds God's will for the world. Do you understand? "Yes." 

So, with this determination, I am fighting for this cause in America right now. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Are Germans and Americans enemies, since 30 years ago? "Yes." And what about Americans and Japanese? "Yes." But if you tell the Germans, "Hey, Germans! You should sacrifice for Americans," would they feel good about that? Can such things happen in the world? And if you say to the Japanese, "Hey, Japanese! You were enemies with Americans 30 years ago, so you should go to America and sacrifice for Americans! Love them more than your own nation! If you can't love them more, you cannot stand before God's will!" This is how I am bringing the Japanese and Germans into the American operation, making them suffer endlessly. 

Do we Koreans have many enemies? Which countries are our enemies? "Japan." Japan is indeed the enemy of Koreans. However, if Korea does not see it as an enemy, Korea will be blessed. The heart of a person should be like God's. Do you understand? 

The Unification thought is to sacrifice everything to save the world. For this reason, I have made them work for three years without sleep or food. In the process, we became famous. So, truly, Americans say, "Japanese are better than Americans. Japanese within the Unification Church are better than Americans living in America." Do you know what that means? It's a bit complicated. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Also, Germans within the Unification Church are better than Americans living in America. They have been recognized. This has been the game until now. And because we created an international task force and were recognized, we sent them all back. On the way back, I stopped by Korea last year. 

Now, God must bless this. This group, which has made achievements to resolve God's historical grievances, is in the midst of a struggle to combine Asian and Western civilizations. Isn't it possible for God to bless them? "Well done. You have worked hard, and you have gone to Korea to suffer, and to repay, you have gone to Japan and even to Germany. Now, can Americans lead the way to repay to enemy nations?" Such a group has not existed in any religious organization in the world today. In that sense, it is reasonable to say that the Unification Church could be the organization closest to God. Ah. "Amen." Isn't that right? 

From this perspective, the Unification Church is the only organization in the world that can stand at the forefront of fulfilling God's will. We can conclude that there is no hope outside of this. Do you understand? "Yes." That is the Unification Church. 

Everyone, it may have taken time to come here from Samcheok in Gangwon Province, but even if the road is difficult... The Unification Church has emerged after enduring countless hardships and has overcome many high mountains. You must understand this. Now, what kind of mindset should we Unification Church members have? Day and night... 

We should love the world more than Koreans, and love those who do not believe in the Unification Church more than we love Koreans. Therefore, we must sacrifice ourselves to save Koreans! This is the teacher's perspective. Does that sound unpleasant? "It is good." Why is that good? Because it is God's ideology. 

God sent His servants to this earth, even to die, to save the children of enemies. He sent His sons and daughters to this earth, even to be crucified, to seek the children of enemies. We must walk this path. To become God's sons and daughters and companions of God's heart, we must follow God's way and learn to imitate it. 

To imitate this, I, Reverend Moon, must be even more severe. That is why I make everyone suffer. So when we learn to sacrifice for the nation... Is that good or bad? Is it good? "Yes." 

Will you do it? Will you? "I will." 

I am someone who has abandoned parents for the sake of the will, and I have abandoned my wife and children. I am in a position to sacrifice for the sake of the will. This is the ideology of the Unification Church. The game of seeking the world means that even if we have to sweep everything away... If we want to save the world, we must completely sacrifice. I am someone who would completely sacrifice even a region like Gangwon-do to save the world. Does that sound unpleasant? "No." It sounds unpleasant, right? "No." 

If one is a loyal subject, they cannot stand in the position of a loyal subject without sacrificing their close relatives. If one treats their parents well and allows their spouse and children to live comfortably, they cannot be a loyal subject. Leaving behind crying parents and starving spouses to step forward for the nation is the true way of a loyal subject. Is that right? Isn't it? "No." 

What is a filial child? A filial child is someone who sacrifices for their parents rather than for their spouse and children. You must understand that when one values their parents more than their spouse and children, that is when they are recognized as a filial child. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You must clearly understand this. 

Prepare your hearts for international marriage. 

The issue is God's will and our will. What is our will? Our will is God's will. Then what is God's will? It is to gather the world quickly. In this complex world, who will filter out the dregs and murky water to create pure, clear water? God does not want only the water of established churches to become clear. Who will illuminate the world of darkness? The responsibility lies with Christianity, which does not realize this. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Ladies, as you prepare to marry, you should be willing to marry someone from the West, abandoning Korean men to extend God's will to the world. And our Korean elders should also have the disposition to accept such sons-in-law. This is the age of the world. Just wait 20 years, just 20 years. After 20 years, you will say, "Ah, the teacher really knew." Just wait 20 years. As I mentioned earlier, wherever I go, I will visit families that have had international marriages. I will buy houses for all the Japanese families who have had international marriages in Korea. 

To sacrifice for such a world and to respect God's will by transcending one's own nation and ethnicity is a higher standard than marrying within one's own ethnicity. I see it as the duty of those who love God to favor the higher standard. Do you have any objections? Do you have any objections, or not? "None." 

Even if I live in a valley in Gangwon-do, the rising sun is the sun of the world, the air blowing is the air of the world, and the mountains and valleys here are not just the mountains and valleys of Gangwon-do, but the mountains and valleys of the world. Do you understand? The flowing water is not just the water of a valley in Gangwon-do but is flowing toward the Pacific Ocean. This nature has appeared here to save me and comfort me, so I must be grateful... This is how we should live. 

When I am thirsty and drink flowing water, I should think that I am drinking on behalf of the Pacific Ocean, for humanity. If I drink this water with the mindset that it will become my sweat and will be paid for as the price of atonement for all things, then that person, even if they live in a valley in Gangwon-do, is not just a person living in a valley in Gangwon-do. For the sake of God's will... When I hold my child and pray, I should say, "Hey, study hard not just to be filial to your parents, but even if you have to abandon your parents, become an adult. Become a person who is revered by all humanity. Become an adult." This is the path of faith that the Unification Church must take. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Women must have deep hearts. 

These women whom I have blessed in the Unification Church, these girls! Forget the elders; these are all like my sons and daughters. All the members of the witnessing team, raise your hands. Have I caused you much trouble? Then all the families of the 36 couples, the 72 couples, raise your hands. I have heard many rumors that the women are not well-behaved. These women, you know, while their husbands are out witnessing all day, they just hold the baby and take a nap. And when the husband comes home late, they say, "Oh, I'm feeding the baby; the rice is over there." They don't want to work. And what do they think? "No matter what, you can't abandon me." This is why these women are useless. 

In the world, to serve one husband, you must invest not just a hundred years but a thousand years. Women need to understand this. But the women who have come into the Unification Church think, "My husband cannot cheat on me no matter where he goes." They have made that decision. Right? "Yes." They know that if such a thing happens, there will be a storm. So they conclude that no matter what, it cannot happen. That is why it is a peaceful kingdom. Even if the wind blows, they remain calm, and even if their husband is in another country, they just sleep soundly. Isn't that right? To be honest, that's how it is, isn't it? Isn't that right? You cannot abandon that. So they think, "No matter what you dislike, you cannot abandon me." This makes one wonder, what can we say about the husband's responsibility? Do women fulfill their responsibilities towards their husbands? What can we say? They just roll around like firewood, and this is the ridiculousness of Unification Church women. Isn't that right, men? "Yes." (laughter) 

And when the husband comes home after working hard all day, they say, "You must love me and sleep." They sleep from morning till evening, not understanding the tiredness of their husbands, and when they turn around, they ask, "What about my husband?" They don't even give a kiss, and they just scratch the surface... This is a candid statement. I have received many letters of complaint from men about such things. 

Haven't you? What about you, Kwon In-ok, haven't you? Who is your husband? "Moon In-seong." It sounds unpleasant again, Moon In-seong. (laughter) Moon In-seong! "Here I am." I don't know if it's Moon In-seong or Moon Seong-in. Who is it? Oh, that guy is Director Moon. (laughter) Why call him by that name? Just call him Director Moon. Are you keeping your mouth shut? If you say one thing, do you want to say two? (laughter) "Yes, that's right." See? That's what they say, right? (laughter) You should not open your mouth. Hey, did you get gold teeth? Gold teeth are unpleasant. (laughter) If you keep your mouth shut, no one will know, but when you laugh, your mouth opens. That tooth should be white. It wouldn't be good if it were like that. The family is not comfortable. Do you understand? "Yes." I can see through you. Keep your mouth shut! Now, if you open your mouth in front of me, I will slap you. (laughter) Promise me. Let's make a promise. If you open your mouth, you won't complain even if I slap you, right? "Yes." You heard that? You answered. (laughter) That Director Moon is a good person. (laughter) There is no follow-up. No matter how much he complains, the next day he will be smiling. (laughter) Knowing that, you got yourself a good man, this girl. "Thank you." Keep your mouth shut. Do you understand? "Yes." This is how our Unification Church is peculiar. (laughter) 

You can't see this in regular churches. In our Unification Church, we absolutely believe in the teacher's words and obey them. Look, whenever there is a situation with a woman, the husband comes to me to talk, and when there is a situation with the husband, the wife does the same. I hear all the situations of other people's wives in letters. I receive such things from Japan and Europe. "If you see such a woman, please remember me and say a word." So be careful. Do you have a baby? "Yes." How many? "4 months old." (laughter) You have a baby, 4 months old? (laughter) Hey, can you say there is a baby in your belly? (laughter) 

Now, this is a serious matter. It may be fine for your generation, but what about your children? If a mother behaves in a ridiculous way towards her husband, how will her daughter go to a marriage and have any dignity? There will be none. She will be humiliated. Is it easy to be a good husband or a good wife? It is difficult. The Unification Church must be certain about this. 

In that sense, we must be global and set an example. In the future, many foreigners will come to Korea, and if they see, "Wow, how can the wives of the blessed families be so stiff? Is there any affection from the husband, or any etiquette of a wife?" If they hear such things, it will not be good. Do you understand, women? Do you understand? "Yes." (The recording quality was poor, so some parts could not be captured.) 

Now, among flowers, we must become beautiful flowers, right? "Yes." What kind of beautiful flower? What kind of flower? "Lily." What is beautiful about a lily? (laughter) What is the most beautiful flower among flowers? It is the morning glory, the morning glory. (laughter) What kind of flower is the morning glory? (laughter) Isn't the lily shaped like a trumpet? The flower shaped like a trumpet has fragrance. Look, the acacia flower also looks like a trumpet. It is the same for any flower. If it is not like that, it has no fragrance. Then what does this morning glory represent? It represents the fragrance of deep love; its direction cannot be blocked. The fragrance flies far away. God is a true scientist. That is how the fragrance goes far away.
It's because of that. Do you understand? That's why trumpet-shaped flowers have such a strong fragrance. Research it, whether it's true or not. They must be that kind of flower. Therefore, a woman must have deep feelings. A beautiful flower must possess fragrance. 

Is that lily beautiful? It has a monotonous taste, but the more you look at it, the more elegant it becomes. Elegant and pure, and also sentimental. When the flowers start to bloom, like this... Some flowers bloom from the bottom, but some bloom from the stem. They bloom from the stem, right? The lily blooms from the stem. It blooms in such a way that you can't tell if it's a leaf or a stem, and it forms a cluster. Such a flower is undoubtedly seen as a flower with history. Do you understand? "Yes." It must be like the lily flower. With this directionality, very elegant and pure... Our young ladies, will you become like that? "Yes." 

God, who has hope in the Unification Church. 

Now, let's conclude. Then, what is God’s will and our will? How will we fulfill this will? When God looks down on this planet, will He believe in established churches or the Unification Church? Which one is it? "The Unification Church." Since you are members of the Unification Church, you shouldn't just answer the Unification Church because the leader is asking. Answer coldly and fairly. When viewed from God's perspective... God is a globalist. Is He a globalist? "Yes." Then, is the established church a globalist or a churchist? "It is churchist." And among churches, it's a biased church, right? They fight among Christians. Our Unification Church welcomes Buddhism, Christianity, and anyone to come together; is that biased? "No." It is unifying. 

In that sense, I think God cannot help but prefer the Unification Church over established churches from the very signboard. What about you? "The teacher's words are correct." Do you agree? "Yes." Then, what about God? No matter how much I think that way and you think that way, if God thinks otherwise, then that’s it. This can't last long; it will all break apart. It must break apart and be shattered. I must shatter myself, and all of you... I don't even need to come to places like Chuncheon. I know such things. I'm not someone who wants to make you waste your efforts. If I made you waste your efforts, after death, I would all go to the spirit world and be blamed, saying, "Hey, you deceived me with lies whenever you came to Chuncheon." I know that too well... I'm not someone who wants to do something illegal and deceive you into working for free. You should understand that, right? "Yes." 

Now, from God's perspective, when looking at this planet, what can give hope? Is it a nation or a religion? "....... " Is it the American nation or American religion? "Religion." Religion is like the heart, and the nation is like the body. Therefore, regardless of any society, history, or nation, when the religious ideology that leads that nation is active, that nation thrives, and when spiritual civilization is firmly established, that people always progresses. This is a historical fact. 

However, when that standard becomes muddy and blurred, no matter how prosperous a nation is, it often falls. Do you understand? "Yes." Isn't that right? "Yes." Therefore, when viewed through God's eyes, even if there are many nations and powerful countries, we must understand that the true religion that can become the central pillar and foundation of those powerful nations is what God desires. Among those religions, the one that has received global blessings is Christianity. Christianity has created a new culture through historical eras and has contributed to the cultural world that created today's democratic world. 

But what has happened to Christianity now? It has all divided and reached a state of decline. Now, it has fallen into a state of paralysis where nothing can emerge again. It has become half-paralyzed. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." This is a fact already recognized by Christian leaders and all theologians around the world. If you go to America, you'll see that those huge churches are empty. You can't find young people; they are all just candidates heading to the cemetery. Do you understand? What does that mean? (Laughter) It means only dying old people are gathered. That doesn't mean I oppose the gathering of old people. However, in the Unification Church, wherever you go in the world, only young men and women in their 20s gather. This is unique. So when God looks, if He is to gather people who can save the world, will He gather those over 50 or those in their teens and 20s? "Those in their teens and 20s." Because the principle is to gather those in their teens and 20s, when the end of the world comes and all religions decline, if any religion emerges to unite young people and carry out a movement to save the world, God will have no choice but to seek out that church and those young people. What does God do here? We can say that God will come, greet them, and want to form a connection. Can you believe that? "Yes." 

The Unification Church bears the most difficult responsibilities in the world. 

If we say we started centered on God, how pleased would God be? Our Unification Church started centered on God, which is why many young people have gathered in our church. When looking at the world today, what is the one place that serves as a lighthouse of hope? "The Unification Church." Amidst the darkness of the world and the rocky paths of this nation, there is one lighthouse that guides us through the night, allowing us to return to our hometown and find our harbor. In today's dark age, amidst this chaotic world, if there is a place that guides us to find the true path of life and fulfill God's will, how wonderful would that be? What place is that? "The Unification Church." You say that because you are members of the Unification Church. 

Wouldn't it be nice if that were true? "Yes." It is indeed true. Whether it is true or not, the Unification Church is undoubtedly a church that wants to go in that direction, isn't it? "Yes." Is that correct? "Yes." Even if you don't have direct interest, can God not have indirect interest? "No." This is how the conclusion comes out. 

If God could directly intervene, what would He think? How much would He consider? If God could directly intervene in a foundation of hope, wherever they go, they would achieve victory every time, and no matter how difficult the path they take, it would be natural for them to overcome and break through. So, will it be easy to go? Will it be difficult? "It will be difficult." How difficult will it be? To fulfill this task, one must bear the heaviest burden in the world. While countless religions cannot even dream of achieving such a task, and countless nations cannot even dream of taking on such responsibility, today only the Unification Church is saying it will take on this responsibility, and it must endure the miserable hardships that have never been seen in history, pave the way through difficulties, and struggle through the critical moments of death in the final battleground. This is the path that the Unification Church must walk. 

To walk such a path, if you cannot take your sons and daughters with you, you must leave them behind. If you cannot take your husband with you, you must say, "Husband, wait for ten years. I will return," and part ways with him. If the nation cannot go, you must leave the nation behind and say, "I will come back to find the nation in a few decades, so wait," and you must leave everything behind. You must be willing to give up anything to walk this path. 

That is why the place that bears the most difficult responsibilities in the world and walks the most difficult path is the Unification Church. You must understand that this is a path that cannot be walked without being a subject that can digest such goals and fulfill them within the realm of natural hope. 

Can you walk such a path? Can the people of Gangwon-do walk it? "Yes." Can you really walk it? "Yes." You only know yourself, only know your sons and daughters, only know your wives, and you think there is nothing more precious than that, yet you will abandon all of that and seek this path that stretches thousands of miles? You might meet some scoundrel and end up in prison or die suddenly, yet you will walk this path? "Yes." 

What do you believe in? "In the teacher." Don't believe in the teacher. Who do you believe in? "In God." That's right, believe in God. Can you see God? "No." Can you believe in that invisible God? "Yes." Look. You are believing in God, but when you ask God when He will help you... There is no time for such discussions. (Laughter) There is no time for such discussions. "Please continue." 

When does God help? You will undoubtedly win if you receive God's help. So when does God help? Through my experiences, I see that God is a cold and unfeeling God. Isn't God a God of love? However, even when there are difficulties and hardships, He does not act like He knows. He pretends not to know. Why is that? Because there are twists and turns involved. If I had not known those twists and turns, I would have already forsaken God. 

Who created this difficult path? It was not God who created it; it was Satan who has brought it about, and because humans have made mistakes and brought Satan in, the responsibility to expel Satan lies with humans. Because humans have sinned, they must atone for that sin. 

In today's world, can a father or mother take on the sins of their child? Can a father or mother say, "Even if our child becomes a death row inmate, I will take the death penalty instead of my child, so please forgive him"? "No." That is not permissible. If a sin is committed, it is the sinner who must atone for it. Sin was not created by God but by humans, and because humans have committed unforgivable sins that betray heaven and earth, they have become one with Satan. 

So who must bear the responsibility to expel Satan? I, as a member of the Unification Church, must bear it. Only after subduing Satan can God intervene. This is not understood. Do you understand? "Yes." Only after defeating the enemy can one say, "He is my son, she is my daughter." It is only then that God intervenes. This is how heaven is structured. 

Thus, the teacher has been doing many difficult things that ordinary people cannot do until now. Only when the fierce opposition from opposing groups is all broken and subdued will God cooperate. This is the principle. If you risk your life and say that this is the last time you will invest your life, Satan will retreat from there. 

Those who throw their lives for heaven and for God's will cannot be governed by Satan. Those who assert their lives before God are on Satan's side, but those who deny their lives and say they will throw their lives for God are not related to Satan. Why? Because the fall occurred when, like Adam, they sought to benefit their own claims, their own lives, their own authority, and their own territory. Therefore, if one becomes someone who sacrifices their own side for the benefit of God, Satan cannot intervene. You must understand that this realm is the realm of God's dominion. The boundary line is this boundary line. Do you understand? "Yes." You must cross the boundary line of life and death for God to govern. You must know that. 

Therefore, to quickly fulfill God's will, we must put you, the members of the Unification Church, into a desperate situation. Theoretically, we must put you into a desperate situation. While others are playing and living well, we must abandon our families, carry the cross, endure the scorn of the world, fight against communism, and struggle to take on the most difficult responsibilities in the world. And that is not for ourselves, but for the world and for God. This is the path that true religion must take, and this is what the leader of the Unification Church knows, which is why we are seeking this path. Do you understand? "Yes." Isn't it the same in the world? People who live for others are seen as more admirable than those who live for themselves, right? "Yes." 

Therefore, when you are beaten for the sake of others and receive scorn for the sake of others, the community will support you. But when you are scorned and looked down upon for your own sake, the whole community will oppose you. Opposition, opposition, opposition... I am receiving opposition from America, but that opposition is not for my sake; it is for the sake of the youth of America and the future of America. So, truly conscientious and heaven-aligned Americans must realize that they unconsciously stand on the side of Reverend Moon. It divides into two factions. If Unification Church members attend church in your neighborhood, some factions will support them, while others will oppose them. It divides sharply into two factions. Do you understand? "Yes." 

So when does God cooperate? When humans fulfill their responsibilities, in other words, when they overcome such critical moments... Then all the content of the opposition they had will be transferred to me. The nation of America opposed me, but on the day I overcome that hill centered on God, I will bear all the blessings of America on my shoulders. Isn't that wonderful? Today, even though the established church has opposed the path I take a million times, if I overcome that, all the blessings of the established church will come to me. That is why the Unification Church can receive the blessing to develop globally in an instant. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Right now, I may appear as an unremarkable person, but I am not an ugly person. I am a theorist, a clever man. Do you understand? "Yes." Some pastor from the established church in Chuncheon thinks I am just a joke. In America, even the president wants to be friends with me, and senators and representatives, those who attend the UN General Assembly, all want to meet me, but I am someone who does not meet them. Do you understand? "Yes." Do you think you have met a great teacher? "Yes." You may see me as the same teacher you have always seen, but I have become famous now. Do you know how famous I have become? "Yes." I have become famous beyond what you can imagine. But that doesn't mean I have two noses or two eyes. The teacher from 30 years ago and the teacher today is no different, but what has changed? The range of what people know has changed.
The sins committed by humans must be resolved by humans.

So, when we look at it centered on God's will, who will save the world? It is not God who saves the world. If God were to save the world, being an omniscient and omnipotent being, this game would have already ended thousands or millions of years ago. The responsibility to save God does not lie with God. You might wonder, "What do you mean by saving God?" 

Who can save those parents? It is not the parents but their sons and daughters. Right? "Yes." A disobedient child cannot liberate their parents until they have shown true filial piety. Do you understand? Similarly, the God who governs human history and created the human world and the universe saw not a joyful day but a sorrowful day due to the fall. The beginning of human history is the reception of disobedient children, so to become a filial son or daughter, one must be a child who can perform deeds greater than those of past disobedience. Only when one decides to become such a child can they be welcomed back as a filial child. Do you understand? "Yes."

Therefore, when Jesus, who came to this earth, declared that he would walk the path of a filial son as the Son of God, he had to be able to do even more than that. He had to be able to do more. Because Jesus left this earth without fulfilling his purpose, he left behind a secondary mission to fulfill upon his return. Until he returns, we must understand that Jesus is walking the path of death. 

So, when we see Jesus, the Son of God, or a Christian martyr, how much would he have wanted to help? How much would he have wanted to help? But why couldn't he help? He cannot help because of the heavenly law. The sins committed by humans must be resolved by humans. The sins committed by humans must be resolved by humans. You must understand that God cannot intervene until humans appear who exceed the standard of fallen humanity.

That is why the Unification Church is busy moving toward such a goal. The path of historical life that has been disrupted for thousands of years must be indemnified within just a few decades. How complicated is this destiny? It is a path that cannot be traveled without walking steps that bring tears of blood. Therefore, the Bible states, "Those who seek to save their lives will lose them, and those who lose their lives will save them." How desperate must it be to leave such words? Your family members are enemies. Who will support you on this path? Your mother opposes you, your children oppose you, your nation opposes you, and the government opposes you...

That is why we know that walking the path of reverse logic is the path of heaven. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, from God's perspective, he desires to save this world and establish one nation. This is God's wish for humanity. Do you understand? "Yes."

How will we fulfill God's wish for humanity?

Then, who will resolve God's wish for humanity? What must be done? It is not a nation, nor a religion. However, since Christianity cannot do this, the Unification Church, as a new sect blessed by God, must carry out this work. Therefore, the Unification Church aims to unite individuals as the value of global personalities, unite families as global citizens, unite tribes as global citizens, and form a nation based on the ideal of equal love among all people. This formation of a nation must establish God's sovereignty of goodness so that God can govern a central model nation in the world, which is the purpose of God's providence of salvation.

Thus, today, centered around the name of True Parents, the Unification Church has begun to establish true relationships of children from a transcendent, inter-ethnic, inter-national, and inter-religious perspective.

In the past, people from Gangwon-do married only those from Gangwon-do, right? Now, it is said that people from Gangwon-do should unite with those from Jeolla-do. What is the most precious thing to unite around? It is love. Uniting around love is the most precious. The men from Gangwon-do and the women from Jeolla-do must love more than just those from their own regions, and they must engage in this movement of love. Therefore, we must recognize that the joint wedding ceremonies were conducted for this reason. Was that good or not? "It was good." Was it good? "Yes."

Rather than loving only those from Gangwon-do, it is better to seek a partner who can be welcomed regardless of whether they are from Jeolla-do or anywhere else in South Korea. If God desires such a person, then he would desire that person more than someone who only thinks of those from Gangwon-do or Jeolla-do.

That is why our Unification Church, even while being scorned and opposed, has carried out this work, even if it meant getting our heads cracked or legs broken, and even if it meant going in and out of prison. You must understand that we have carried this out resolutely. In that sense, we are contributors. Do you understand? Are you sure you understand? "Yes."

Regarding the issue of marriage in the world... What do you call someone who introduces marriages? They are called matchmakers, right? "Matchmakers." Yes, matchmakers, but they can't even be called that. (Laughter) I said it well. Among the history of matchmaking in the world, who is the king of matchmakers? It is Reverend Moon of the Unification Church. (Laughter) Isn't that right? "Yes." He has a record in the world, doesn't he? "Yes." Recently, there was a lot of fuss about the World Table Tennis Championships held in Korea, but which is more remarkable, the table tennis championships or the world matchmaking championships? (Laughter)

Even though I became the world champion of matchmaking and lifted up South Korea, not a single person sent me a congratulatory message. Isn't that strange? Isn't it a bit shocking? When you look at history, it is shocking that such things happen, yet despite the tangled stories, there is no one who acknowledges it. No one acknowledges it. Isn’t that shocking? But I don't think it's shocking. Rather, I feel grateful. Why? Because I can receive the blessings of those who do not know. Isn't that right? I can receive the blessings of those who do not know all by myself.

If there is a blessing that can be shared among all people before God, through whom will it be shared? It will be shared through me. Therefore, I feel grateful. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Thus, the Unification Church also becomes an institution that shares blessings with all people. There is no greater blessing than this. That is why it is becoming famous worldwide. It makes sense, doesn't it? "Yes."

Looking at it this way, did you come into the Unification Church well or not? "I came in well." You came in well, but will you live well in the Unification Church or not? "I will live well." You came in well, but it will be difficult to live well. It will be difficult to live well. Still, will you go or not? "I will go." Raise your hands if you will go. I won't look. God won't look either. (Laughter) Put them down. If you live well... If you live well, your descendants will be revered for generations to come.

The Unification Church did not just become what it is today by sitting quietly.

Reverend Moon has been a follower until now, a pitiful Reverend Moon, but just wait and see. Beyond the 21st century, the name Reverend Moon will be praised everywhere in the world... That name, that picture will be cherished in everyone's hearts, and a movement to praise him will arise. Recently, there is a boom in America, where students are saying, "What is wrong with Reverend Moon, you guys!" They are coming out on college campuses. "Ah! These students are exemplary students in this country, exemplary friends among our peers. How can that friend be a villain? That friend is doing something we truly respect." This is what they are saying. As a result, students are starting a movement to have pictures of Reverend Moon. Do you understand?

Moreover, those people respect heroes. I am not saying I am a hero. They truly respect people who are famous worldwide. It is very difficult to become famous in that country, yet how can it be that a person from the Unification Church, a seemingly insignificant person from Korea, has established a foundation in a short period of time, built a building in the center of New York, created a university, and amassed tens of millions of dollars in assets in just three years? Do you understand? Tens of millions of dollars is a lot, isn't it? I don't know how it was done, but it seems like a miracle. The fact that it has happened is a historical fact and a socially undeniable fact, so it cannot be a subject of controversy in American society.

Now, in September, we are pushing to establish a newspaper in New York. Therefore, no matter how high and mighty someone is, even if they boast about American history to the world, there is only one man who has laid such a foundation in a short time in American society. Who is that one man? "Reverend Moon." It is Reverend Moon of the Unification Church, who has been labeled a heretical leader. (Applause)

Now, do you think it will happen just by sitting quietly? Do you think God will say, "Hey, all creation, come forth!" and it will happen? How hard must it be... You have not rested when you should have been resting, and you have not played when you should have been playing. You have worked hard. During that time, I have received commendations that have never been seen in American history. There are opposing factions, but I have received commendations from admirals and have received many awards. I have received so many that I cannot even count them. Should I start handing them out one by one? (Laughter) There are over 1,200 of them. There is no one else in American history, Western history, or any world history who has left such records in such a short time.

So, am I a great person or a bad person? (Laughter) My face may look like this, but I am a wonderful person, not a petty one. "You are a wonderful person." Even if you don't want to admit it, I have become someone who cannot be called anything less than wonderful. Even though established church pastors oppose the Unification Church, they say that while Reverend Moon may be bad, what he does is impressive. (Laughter) "Wow. He has guts, and a hero is a hero." That is what they say. "I don't know if Reverend Moon of the Unification Church is the Messiah, but he is a hero." That is what they are saying. Now, in American society, I have not even said that I am the Messiah, yet they are spreading rumors among themselves, and when they go out, some even say, "He is the Messiah." 

If Jesus is great, then the hope that Jesus will return... (The recording cuts off briefly)

Do you think they would call someone who looks like a mutt the Messiah? (Laughter) Do they call someone who looks like a thug the Messiah? Because there is a possibility that he has that capability, they can say such things and think, "That sounds plausible," but if there is nothing, can they say that? In any case, whether it is this way or that way, among the Korean people, spreading such rumors in Western society and being recognized as someone who can say, "That sounds plausible" is remarkable, isn't it? "It is remarkable." Such things have never happened in the 5,000-year history of Korea. So, can we just sit quietly and let it happen?

To receive God's help...

How much is the maximum responsibility amount that one young person must earn in a month? It is $12,000. A unified man of spirit, blessed by God, must earn more than $12,000. The highest record so far is $14,700.

So, how much is $14,000? It is the annual salary of a tenured professor at a university. We earn what a person in the satanic world earns in a year in just one month. To do that, we must run without resting. We must be able to earn even more than that. Young women like you must earn more than $3,000 after deducting costs for food and living expenses. If you do not earn more than $3,000, you cannot be called a member of the Unification Church. How much is $3,000? Three times five equals fifteen (3×5=15), which means you must earn 1.5 million won every month.

If not, this enormous... I am currently spending about $3 million a month. Do you understand? $3 million is how much? It is 1.5 billion won. I must spend 1.5 billion won a month. How much must I spend? I cannot manage America without spending more than $30 million. It is a dreamlike story. Yet, if there is someone who says, "Oh, uncle, that sounds good, but I am having a hard time living. Please help me," raise your hand. (Laughter) If you want to help, you can help. To help, you must be worth more than me. If you are worth more than me, I can write you a check anytime. But there is no one who can do that, so I cannot give it. Isn't that frustrating? How valuable it is for the world and for God...

I have billions of dollars in assets, but I am someone who does not even know where my seal is. Is there anyone in the world like that? I do not even know where my seal is. Where is the head of the association? Is it at the association? Is it at the foundation? (Laughter) I cannot spend this money that I have earned through blood and sweat carelessly. The day I spend it carelessly will not only affect me but also my ancestors. It is terrifying. I think of it as money that God has sealed. If public officials embezzle the country's treasury, they will be punished, but if someone who has received God's approval... It is not just a nation. If they embezzle the world's public funds, they will face divine punishment.

So, has this happened because God has protected it or because God has hated it? "He has protected it." Do you all receive protection? Look at the faces of our Unification Church members. Even while being scorned and suffering, their faces are only shining, and they do not seem to age. When the world gets old, they seem young. Isn't that right? But Reverend Moon is the opposite. Why? Because I have suffered so much... How old am I now? I am approaching sixty. But how old do I look? "Forty." Forty? (Laughter) Thank you. I think I have become eighty... How old do you think I look? The young people of the Unification Church are not inferior in spirit, right? Isn't that right? "Yes." That is it. A person must be alive in spirit.

Let's take a sip of water.

Have you ever lived in the nation that God desires? Have you ever lived in the society that God desires? "No, I have not." Have you ever lived in the family that God desires? "No, I have not." Have you ever lived as sons and daughters who bring joy to God? "No, I have not." It is despair, despair, despair. That is why it is a problem. That is why we believe in the Unification Church. Do you understand? If you believe well in the Unification Church, you can live as sons and daughters who bring joy to God, you can live as families that bring joy to God, you can live as tribes, nations, and states that bring joy to God, and you can live in a world that brings joy to God.

Let us realize God's love beyond races and national borders. 

We must connect the way and the way, and connect nations with nations.
It is with love. What kind of love? The love of brotherhood? Just like loving parents... The love we have for our parents is horizontally connected to brotherly love. This is what we are trying to play at. So, how should it be? Just like I mentioned earlier, we should be able to marry and live together. We must be able to marry. If I say you should marry a black person, can you do it? 
Now, in a small world, do white cows and black cows live together or not? "They do." They fight, right? "No, they don't." Among birds, do colorful birds and white birds live together or not? "They do." What about humans? "...." What about humans? "They don't really live together." This is the problem.

When you look at children attending kindergarten in America, regardless of whether they are black, white, or yellow, they... In that world, they are innocent and there is no distinction of 'you are white and I am black.' But what about the adult world? ".......". They say that if you are not like an adult, you cannot enter heaven, right? If you are not like an adult? "No." You must be like a child. When you see American children, whether they are black, yellow, or white, they hold hands and say, "Come to our house," and they try to share their food, but their parents oppose it. Those kids!

Would God be pleased to see that? Would He think it is good to see children playing, or would He prefer to see parents playing? Which one would He like? "The children." Are you sure? "Yes." Those who oppose that are not human beings. The Unification Church is trying to do what cannot be done in this world. We want to do that. If I cannot play that game, then the Unification Church is a delusional person, a delusional person. It is a scandalous thing to say that I am something special.

That being said, I cannot get married myself. I had no choice but to find a wife in Korea because I am older. But if I were at the age to get married now, I would say that a black person is fine for the sake of the world’s purpose. If you look closely at black people, they are truly charming. (Laughter) Why are you laughing? The shine that comes from that black skin is something you cannot see in white or yellow races.

Look. A black horse, when you see it shining, even if you don’t know how to ride, you want to ride it. Black is emotional. Also, black is absorptive. It absorbs everything. It absorbs all light. So, everything goes into black. Isn’t that right? There are countless explanations for that. Is it only black in this world, or is it also black in the spirit world? Is it black in the spirit world too? If you look at the filament inside a light bulb, it is black, right? But when electricity comes in, does it remain black? The blacker it is, the more light it emits and the brighter it becomes.

That is why the young men and women of the Unification Church who follow me will be married internationally. This is how new families will be created, and new tribes will be formed, leaving a new tribe in front of the standard of super-ethnic groups. Therefore, the blessed families scattered around the world will come when I command them to come and will go when I tell them to go. Is that how it is? When the number reaches a thousand, ten thousand, a million, or a hundred million in the world, what will happen? If the world lives with one eye, is it normal for the eye to be one-eyed? "Yes." If all the members of the Unification Church do this and normalize it, how wonderful would that be? It will happen in the not-so-distant future.

Even in Korea, people used to dislike joint marriage ceremonies, but these days, they all write to me saying, "Oh, Mr. Moon, please hold a joint marriage ceremony so that our sons and daughters can find good spouses." I receive many letters like this. This is how history changes. So, will God want this kind of play, where we realize God's love in families, in society, and across nations? Will He want it or not? "He wants it." Will He want it or not? "He wants it." If there are people who can do that, will God punish them or bless them? "He will bless them." If there are people doing such things, will God like it or dislike it? "He will like it."

There may not be anyone in the world doing such things, but Mr. Moon of the Unification Church says he will do it, and he is indeed doing it, right? "Yes." So, will you love Mr. Moon of the Unification Church or not? "We love him." Because you love him, even if I get criticized, I am content. (Laughter) Still, I have money, and whether I go to England, I have a house and a car, and whether I go to America, France, or anywhere, I have everything. I have money to spend wherever I go. If I had stopped there, I would have succeeded, right? "Yes."

If I were in my twenties, wouldn’t you want to marry me? (Laughter) Isn’t that right? Isn’t that inappropriate? So, I will raise sons who are better than me and send them to marry you. Do you understand? "Yes." They are better than me. Why? Because I got criticized, but they did not.

Now, believing in the Unification Church should not be just for your own salvation. You should believe in the Unification Church to save the world. After saving all humanity, think that even if God sends me to hell, I have no resentment. Then, you won’t go to hell. Will you go to hell or not? "I won’t go." You must overturn the beliefs of established churches.

When you see the prayers of established church pastors, they all say, "Oh God, bless this Presbyterian church. Bless my children." I don’t pray like that. Mr. Moon of the Unification Church does not pray like that. I spiritually know that my parents were massacred in the North, but I did not pray. I knew that by standing at the forefront of the anti-communist front, my parents would surely suffer, but I did not say, "Oh God, help my parents!" I did not say a single prayer like that.

From a worldly perspective, it may seem unfilial. However, even if I may be called unfilial by my parents, I pray for all humanity. Even if my mother is unhappy now, there is a way to save her when I go to the spirit world, but for the women of the world, there is no way to save them after I die. From God’s heart, I wish to save the women of the world, even if it means sacrificing my mother. Because I understood this as God’s situation, I have treated my parents this way. Did I do well or not? "You did well." Did I do well? "Yes." It is unfilial.

I couldn’t buy my mother a pair of shoes. I didn’t even buy her a handkerchief. However, I bought thousands of suits for the members of the Unification Church, tens of thousands of pairs of shoes, and houses. I did everything for them. But I never thought I would receive a thousandfold in return.

When I was in prison, my mother loved me... My mother suffered a lot because of me. She came to visit me, tears streaming down her face, saying, "My son..." At that time, I cursed at my mother and sent her away. I said, "I am not just the son of an ordinary woman. If you are going to shed tears thinking that I came to prison because I did something wrong, then don’t come here again." I sent my mother away. Do I think I came to prison because I did something wrong? No. I am in a holy situation where humanity can bow their heads and shed tears for a thousand years, celebrating this new victory that is sprouting here. I did not want my mother to shed tears as a mere mother.

If our parents go to the spirit world, I know that God will call them great mothers who gave birth to great sons, and even if they go to hell, He will lead them to heaven. That is why I walk this path. You who are here are the same. You young men and women have left your villages. It was me. Looking at that village, I made a mistake. I am not ignorant of humanity. I am the one who tried to leave the path of saving the country. If there is a sin, it is mine. The children have no sin. But what good is it to have parents after the country has fallen? What good is it to have a family? If things go wrong, parents can be dragged away by communists, massacred, and die, and because you cannot see true love there, even if you stand in a position where you say you do not know your parents, you must risk your life to defend their future.

Yet, even so, parents who say their children have done wrong must be punished.

You can only stand in the ranks of saints when it comes to God and the world.

Even now, in America, I teach young people not to live for their families or die for their families. I teach them to become great individuals who can die for their country and the world, to become saints. There are many great people in many countries, but there are not many saints. There are many patriots and loyal subjects, but there are no saints. You cannot become a saint just by serving your country. You can only become a saint by being able to serve the world. Here, those who have come to carry the mission of fulfilling God’s heart and the world that God desires can stand in the ranks of saints. Isn’t that the case with representatives like Jesus or Buddha? They all lived for God. It is not about prioritizing the nation; it is about transcending the nation.

That is why today I do not want to teach you to be filial sons. I do not want to teach you to be loyal subjects. I teach you to become saints who represent heaven’s principles and human principles and receive heaven’s approval. I teach you to become saints. While working for your sons and daughters is noble, and working for your country is noble, working for the world and striving for the world is even more noble. Do you understand? This is the worldview that appears in God’s vision, the desire of God for humanity, and I realized this is the conviction that I must fulfill. Because no one else in the world can do this, I, as a Korean person, have finally become the leader and have risen to the global stage.

Westerners may feel discomfort, but God does not feel regret. Rather, He says it is admirable. Therefore, you must understand that the Unification Church cannot fail. Do you understand? "Yes." Why? Because of whom? "Because of God." Because of God, and then? "Because of the teacher." Because of the teacher, and then? "Because of you." The three of us together...

What is God’s resentment? Although these three are the center of the universe, Adam and Eve could not become the center of all creation, and the descendants of Adam and Eve could not surpass the standard of three generations. That is the resentment. Therefore, from the perspective of the Unification Church today, it is like this. If God is like that, then the teacher is like that, and if the teacher is like that, then you must be like that. You must inherit the tradition, right? "Yes."

So, would you be willing to sacrifice your life for the world? "Yes." Do you have the confidence to do so without living? "Yes." Even if the world has not yet achieved its purpose, if you can sacrifice your life for the world and enter a position where you can dedicate all your sincerity, you will surely be able to conquer the world and be granted the authority to enter heaven, the heavenly kingdom. You must be able to do this to qualify as someone who has lived for God’s will centered on real life. Do you understand? "Yes."

Therefore, the will of God and our will cannot develop without each other. There is no other way. That is why I cannot fall. Mr. Moon cannot fall. Even if established churches and countless religions in the world fall, I cannot fall! The day I fall, the entire Unification Church, which stands as a beacon of hope in this world, will fall, so I cannot fail. I cannot fall. Do you understand? "Yes." That is why I have come without failing and without falling, this much on a personal level...

What time is it now? We have entered a global era beyond the national era. From now on, we must connect Western civilization with Asia. God’s will is to connect Western civilization and Asian civilization into one so that the world can be united. When Western civilization comes to Asia... During the Korean War, America, as the fruit-bearing nation of Western civilization, must take responsibility for establishing a complete order in Asia, but since it could not fulfill that responsibility and retreated, I must grab America by the neck and bring it to Asia. That is the game we are playing.

Only those who can digest the path of death can liberate humanity. For six thousand years, God has been working to create a path for Western civilization, Christianity, to unite with Asian civilization so that a unified world can be formed. Although unifying the world is God’s will, if we failed while crossing the Pacific, then what can we do? After retreating from Vietnam and making a mess, God wants to step on America’s neck and kill it. Because I understood that God sees it this way, I went to America and gathered all the senators and intellectuals, and I must bring them back to Asia to recreate the order that God blessed right after World War II, to make a standard that communism cannot gain strength and cannot establish a global order. That is the work of Mr. Moon of the Unification Church.

That is why I am wrestling with communism. This is the end of the text.
It is not just about the problems of a nation like Korea, but rather about taking responsibility for global issues. Not only global issues but also the history of humanity, and the providential history of God, which until now no one has ever dreamed of, is what we are trying to manage. When you see such a man, it may seem absurd or pitiful, but he has cultivated himself to this point. Do you understand? "Yes." Can we fail? "No." Because the theoretical path has already been laid out, we cannot fail. Even if I were to fail, there will be successors who can carry on this mission for future generations. We must boldly leave behind a legacy of God's will through our footsteps and the environment we pass through, and this place we are going is the Unification Church, and you must understand that.

If you are to do this work, you must shed tears just as God has shed tears. Just as all people are in the realm of corruption and are walking the path of sighs and hardships, I too must endure that path. Even if humanity does not want to, without someone who can endure this path, we cannot digest or pioneer it, which is why the Unification Church's motto has become to endure the path of suffering today. Do you understand? "Yes." Tears and blood and sweat... What is sweat for? "For the land." What are tears for? "For humanity." What is blood for? "For heaven." Only a subject human who can endure the path of death while dedicating everything can liberate humanity.

Centered on God's love, love your brothers and neighbors. Therefore, if there is something to praise about Mr. Moon, it is to praise the things he has been criticized for, and perhaps to praise what he cannot express. However, what should be praised about Mr. Moon is not that. It is foolishness. What is foolishness? But I am not a fool. If I were to land a punch with my hand, those sturdy pastors would fall down with just a little hit. Looking at my physical strength, or anything...

If we look at it one-on-one, they are enemies that cannot be forgiven, but when we look at history, they become like older brothers, older brothers. Just like Joseph, whose eleven brothers tried to kill him and cast him away, Joseph became the prime minister of Egypt. Similarly, if Reverend Moon holds all economic and political power in America, the pastors of the established Korean churches, who are like older brothers, will come before me... They are already doing so. There will come a time when there is famine and they will come with bowls of rice, but will I cut off their heads or stab them in the belly? When I think of God, when I think of my father, I cannot do that. Why? Because he has been a brother who has served God as a parent for two thousand years. I know that God's heart, the heart of a parent, cannot neglect their children, so I cannot pray for those Christian children who oppose me to die or to be punished.

I have secretly sent a lot of rice to the church members of the pastors I opposed. Do you understand what I mean? Even our association president does not know this. To call such a person an enemy, to pray for such a person to be killed or punished... How astonished would God be to see that? So, did Mr. Moon do well or not? Such a person cannot fail.

Everyone, if there are any new people from Chuncheon or Gangwon-do here, listen. No matter how much you shout, we are already fighting a war that has been won. Do you understand? "Yes." The Unification Church and Mr. Moon will not fail. They will not fail. If there were no God, they might fail, but because there is God, they will not fail. Do not worry. Recently, someone said, "If you are quiet, such a person will not be." I have thought about all that. There is no time to be quiet. There is no time. There is no time for me. How nice it would be if that were possible?

Knowing that, when you return, you must help God's work. There is a saying that even a blank sheet of paper must be matched. Therefore, no matter how much you are in the mountains of Gangwon-do, you must now love your brothers and neighbors centered on God's love. You must become a model in your neighborhood. Because of that, when you think of the members who are pioneering overseas, enduring harsh conditions, they are not easily active. Therefore, you must be grateful to them and become a supporter of comfort in your hearts. If a holiday comes, I hope you will write letters to comfort them and not become a burden to them. Will you do that? "Yes."

If a person from Gangwon-do holds such beliefs representing this nation, Gangwon-do will become a state blessed by God that can lead this country. I hope you do not fail because I know that I will not fail. You can advance before the will of completion that the principle desires, and I ask that you be those who are close to the Unification Church and God. Do you understand? "Yes." Now, let those who want to become such people raise their hands. Thank you.

<Prayer> Beloved Father! We have been waiting for a time when we can celebrate you, blocking the flowing years. Not only beyond the individual position but also beyond the family position, beyond the family position to the tribal position, beyond the tribal position to the national position, beyond the national position to the global position, and beyond the global position to the cosmic boundary, holding onto the heart of your love, knowing that you are the God who has borne grievances throughout the historical ages, we must liberate you with the victorious son and the responsible son. We have realized that this tremendous task is on the path of restoration providence and the path of salvation.

We have understood this amazing fact that we cannot liberate God without liberating humanity, and we sincerely hope that the Unification Church carries this responsibility and that these foolish people who are struggling to fulfill this mission will be looked upon with compassion.

We have realized that God longs for that sincere figure. We have learned that when we are completely loyal to God, heaven will fully cooperate, so we earnestly hope and wish to be children who can do so.

May this time spent visiting Chuncheon not be in vain, and may we become heavenly sons and daughters who mediate around the center of 'God and our will.' We have sworn to become heavenly sons and daughters who will complete this, so I earnestly ask that we do not become those who fall short in fulfilling that responsibility.

Just as Joshua and Caleb boldly took on the command of heaven with a strong and courageous heart, leading 600,000 people, may your children here in Gangwon-do, who have nothing and are not equipped, be given strong and courageous hearts. Just like David who appeared before Goliath, having nothing, just a sling, may they become sons and daughters who can appear in the name of the Lord with strength and courage.

Thanking you for the time given today and for sharing your blessings, until the day we meet again, may we not be discouraged, may we be strong and courageous, and may we prepare to become your sons and daughters, receiving your praise and not being ashamed to receive your love.

May the remaining places be blessed, and may today and this tour be a tour that can remain in your memory.

I hope infinite blessings will be with the members in America and the children of unification scattered around the world, and I pray all these things in the name of True Parents. Amen.

<Words> Since we may not know when we will meet again... I might come back in October. If circumstances allow, I might meet then, and I don't know how it will be in June. Originally, I was going to hold it on May 28, but since that place is a square used by the city, it couldn't be done that day, so it was extended by three days to June 1. This year, June 1, right? We will hold an event at Yankee Stadium. Do you understand? "Yes." I expect it to be at 7 PM.

After that event, around the end of September, it will be three months later? No, it will be four months later. We are planning a gathering of over 500,000 in Washington. Since we are planning a gathering of 200,000 at Yankee Stadium before that, the level of the Unification Church will change on the day this event ends.

All opposition from various sectors in America will surely be eradicated, and when all opposition in America is eradicated, the opposition in the world will also be eradicated. No matter how much they oppose in Korea, it is useless. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, the Unification Church is truly fighting the final battle that can divide the nation that has been leading Western society, America. From God's providential perspective, this is the last battle, the last battle. It is also the final battle for our Unification Church, and from the perspective of God's providence, it is the last battle.

If this goes well, the American nation will advance as a new nation needed worldwide centered on the ideology of the Unification Church because of us. It may sound like a dream, but just wait and see. You have believed in the words of the teacher as if they were a dream, but everything has come true, right? "Yes." Knowing that, and fighting such a fight... A few days after I finish my tour, I must return to America. I am quite busy. I am busy, but I am doing this now because it would be good for Korea.

Knowing that, even if I am not there... The teacher is devoting all his efforts to global responsibilities, but you must protect the Republic of Korea. Do you understand? "Yes." You must do it in my place. You must love this beautiful land that I loved in my place. You must dedicate all your efforts to protect this land and its mountains and rivers so that God can protect it, and I hope to meet again in June or September. Now, I must leave Gangwon-do. After 2 PM, it will be Gyeonggi-do time. Right? "Yes." After 2 PM... It has already become 2 PM. Then I guess I will have to go without lunch. The food from Gangwon-do should be eaten at Gangwon-do time, but can Gangwon-do food become Gyeonggi-do food if eaten at Gyeonggi-do time?

I said I would go after 2 PM... Don't be upset if I go without eating. "It can't be." It's late. Did I lose out, or did you lose out? Will you give me food? "Yes." I can't eat after talking. Well then, goodbye. 

* 

Liberation of Heaven and Earth

Thank you for gathering so many people. But how can we manage this small space? Can you hear me over there? "Yes." Can you hear me? "Yes." Those people in the back are uninvited guests, uninvited guests. (Laughter) Who told you to come later? Those who come later cannot participate. Be quiet. It’s noisy in the neighborhood, so please be quiet. (Laughter) Those in the back, just stay still. It’s okay if you can’t hear. The people who came in first should listen well. (Laughter. Applause) But don’t be sulky and say, "Hey, what’s that..." Just be quiet.

From now on, it is not the time for guests to speak, but the time for the owner to speak, the owner. Who is the owner? It is the man standing here. Right? "Yes." I don't know either. (Laughter)

Now, let me ask something. Since there are members from Gyeonggi-do here, let those who are meeting the teacher for the first time raise their hands. There won't be many. Still, there are some among the nearby Gyeonggi-do people. Put your hands down.

My throat is hoarse. I have been speaking a lot while traveling to various places, and my throat is hoarse, so it may be quite uncomfortable for those who are here for the first time, but I hope you understand and listen. "I can't hear." If you can't hear, it might be better to just stop.

We know that throughout human history, countless wars have been fought in the quest for freedom. When looking at individuals, individuals have fought such battles, and when looking at families, families have fought such battles, and this struggle continues through tribes, nations, and the world.
For those who think with meaning, it is unclear what this world is bound by, but we know that people from all walks of life and all eras have hoped for a world of freedom, peace, and an ideal world. From this perspective, humanity today, in this historical process or on this planet, is yearning for liberation.

When we consider the issue of liberation, we see that there are various types of liberation. Today, there is both heaven and earth. In heaven, there is God, and on earth, there are people. When we think of 'heaven,' we vaguely think of God being at the center of heaven. When we think of 'earth,' the owner of the earth is humanity. Therefore, when we look at this planet, demanding the liberation of the earth means demanding the liberation of humanity. Furthermore, demanding the liberation of humanity does not mean that everything ends with that liberation. Even if humanity is liberated, we have not considered whether that liberation is the final liberation or merely the beginning of liberation.

Alongside God, if there is a good God, we also know that there is an evil devil. Borrowing the words from the Unification Church or mainstream Christianity, this is referred to as Satan, the devil. The extremely evil, opposing deity to God, namely Satan, is said to be ruling this world.

In religion, it is viewed that today’s human world is not within the realm of liberation granted by God but rather is in a fallen world, a world of bondage due to the opposing Satan. Both the Unification Church and mainstream churches see it this way.

When we look at humanity, we know that humans have been bound by something until now. Therefore, when you look at yourselves, you realize that your mind and body are in conflict. If humans were born to fight between these two, then the concepts of personality, human perfection, and human liberation would be absolutely impossible.

Even though we have the internal elements to stand in a liberating and ideal position, if we are bound in the middle, fallen, and broken, then if humanity is liberated, it can reach an ideal position. However, if one is born in this state from the beginning, then no matter how much one tries to change it, it will only lead to a futile result.

Who has bound this world? It was not good humans who bound it, nor was it a good God. The logic that evil humans bound it, or that an evil deity bound it, can be formed, but the logic that good humans and a good God were the motivation does not hold. That leads to the conclusion that they cannot be good.

Thus, today’s human history, which has been bound by evil people, and not only by evil people but also by evil deities, makes it natural for us to stand in a position demanding liberation and advocating for liberation. Therefore, throughout history, there has not been a single person who does not dream of a world of peace, a unified ideal world.

Furthermore, this world, created by one God, cannot be divided into two. If there is one God with one purpose, then that one God is absolute, and whatever great ideal that absolute God thinks, plans, and envisions cannot be twofold. Since God is one and absolute, that ideal must also be one.

From this perspective, has there ever been a time when humanity on this planet formed a single ideal realm, a single owner, a single nation? There has not. Countless individuals, from fighting individuals, fighting families, fighting tribes, nations… and now we have a democratic world and a communist world, creating two opposing camps, fighting over who lives and who dies. In the end, what is the purpose of this struggle? It is merely to conclude the liberation movement of this planet.

Now, a problem arises. There exists the world of Satan. Then there is the intermediate world that has not yet reached the world desired by God. This is how it is viewed. Therefore, centered on humanity on this planet, Satan opposes the liberation of goodness, while the good God advocates for the liberation of the world of Satan.

Who should lead the liberation movement centered on God? It must be known that it is the good God who takes the leading position. If the good God does not mobilize people on His side to initiate a movement to liberate the evil world of Satan, then there would be no trace of God’s providence in the historical process, leading to the conclusion that God does not exist. All that humanity has established regarding morality and ethics, urging people to be good, would ultimately return to nothing.

In this historical process, if our ancestors who pursued truth, or those who revere morality and ethics in this era, are correct in their hopes, what is the purpose of their aspirations? It is merely to reveal the effects, values, and results of liberating this planet.

From this perspective, what kind of people can participate in the liberation movement led by good God? This is the question. Are they philosophers? Some might say, “Ah, they are philosophers.” Or are they politicians? Some might say, “Ah, they are politicians.” Or are they economists? Some might say, “They are economists.” Or are they capitalists? Some might think, “We must be the ones.” However, all of these are merely accessories.

Then, when God conducts such a liberation movement and establishes an entity to complete the liberation movement, there must be an institution that can expand the global landscape through that entity. What institution is that? Is it the Republic of Korea? That would be nice. What about the United States? If it is the United States, that would be good. There is no way other than to revere an internal nation rather than an external one.

What is that? It is neither philosophy nor science nor politics. The only institution that can take responsibility for this is religion. Why? Because movements centered on politics, philosophy, and all social phenomena change according to the times. But can God’s liberation movement also change with the times? It cannot change. That is absolute. Once a plan is established, there is no way but to handle it consistently until the end of history. In other words, even if we go against the changing historical era, we cannot avoid the movement that pushes us in the opposite direction.

What path has religion taken throughout history? It has taken a path that cannot change into a form that can be compatible with the historical era of changing religious forms or changing sovereignty, which is why we know that countless politicians or rulers have been sacrificed, persecuted, and disappeared into death. Do you understand? That is enough to establish the core.

Today, communists loudly proclaim, “Oh, we must liberate the workers and farmers of the capitalist world.” Was that cry aligned with the liberation standards viewed by a specific religion that is led by God, who is the absolute good and the subject of liberation throughout human history? It was not.

Communism dreams of the liberation of the world based on materialism. It denies even God, labeling religion as opium, and seeks to eradicate even the forms of that world. When we see the claim for liberation from this position, it does not align from a theoretical perspective. It is undoubtedly a contradictory liberation opposing God, where if there is an evil deity, that evil deity becomes the leader, launching a direct global offensive against the religious leader desired by God. This leads to the conclusion that today’s communist party can be viewed from that perspective. Do you understand? 

Then what is the communist party? It is communism, which has taken on a form akin to a demonic religion, a religion of evil beings. It is a religious form based on a materialistic stance used as a tool to complete the theory of evil. Why? Because it is an evil deity.

As communists emphasize unity through a common line that transcends nations, when we think of the liberation front centered on God, where is the leading nation centered on that God? Do you know that leading nation? You do not know. You might think that since America leads democracy, it must be the leading nation. Even if we look at Christianity, it has a global landscape…

The issue at hand is, when viewed through the lens of religion, where is the leading nation that can command and manage the global liberation front? Who is that leading people? What is the leading religion? When we consider these questions, what will God do after liberating this planet? God’s intention is not to establish sovereignty and exert power. God is not seeking something else that He wishes for in this human world. Since God is omniscient and omnipotent, He does not need money, power, or even knowledge. What does He need? God, as the subject of life who created heaven and earth, does not need humans who possess life.

So what is needed? What is the main purpose of God in achieving liberation? What does it mean to liberate humanity? This is the question. From this perspective, what is God’s purpose in liberating this planet? It is to embrace humanity as one child and to live in a relationship of love as a parent and child within the realm of God’s love. There is nothing else.

Can you hear this? What does it mean? It has become strange. We have been vague about why God desires the liberation of the earth, why He created the universe, and why He created humanity. Why did He create humans? Why is there a God who seems so powerless that He has made humanity suffer for thousands of years? The conditions of various problems are vast and complex. There are many things we cannot know even if we ask and inquire. All of that must be resolved.

The one conclusion is this: Why did God create humans? Did God create humans because He wanted to see them? What is there to see? Koreans are in a terrible state. What is there to see? Compared to Koreans, Westerners are fair-skinned, and their eyes are as clear as lakes. They are tall and slender, and in terms of appearance, Koreans do not even come close. Isn’t that right? That’s right. Why are you laughing? Are you laughing because you like it? Or are you laughing because it’s bad? If I say they don’t even come close, why are you laughing?

Did God create humans just to see their faces? No. God created humanity and the universe because He also needs love. God needs love. If there are pastors from Christianity here, they might wonder, “Could God need that?” But God does need love. If God is alone, can He love?

When we say, “God is love,” what does love even mean? Have you seen love? (Laughter) Have you seen love? Love? Do you think love can exist when one is alone? Love, peace, and happiness cannot exist without a relative relationship.

I have love within me, but when I am alone, I do not know if love exists or not. However, when I have a counterpart, love stirs and emerges. Isn’t that right? Before the counterpart appears, if I say, “Oh, I feel love inside me when I am alone. I feel good,” that person is crazy. If I call myself crazy, no one can blame me. (Laughter)

It is the same principle. Similarly, when God is alone and says, “Oh, I feel good about my love. Ha ha,” if someone says to God, “Are you crazy too?” God would have no way to respond. Is that right or not? Anyone who says it is not right is lacking in understanding. They are only at a superficial level. (Laughter)

Why did God create humans? God created humans because of love. What kind of love? “The love between parent and child…” If we say it is the love of a parent, how many parents are there in the world? Is that love? That is all false parental love. True parental love, where the love of the parent bears fruit, and where mature sons and daughters grow up in that love, leads to the complete love of the couple. 

Has God experienced that kind of love? Do you think God has experienced that kind of love? “No.” God must be like a person. God must know how to laugh, right? “Yes.” God must know how to cry, right? “Yes.” When He is happy, He laughs heartily, and when He is sad, He cries. Today, Christian believers think that God only has good feelings and that there is no sadness, but they do not know well.

Look. Even fallen humans, when their child commits a crime and becomes a death row inmate, do they look at that child and say, “Oh, I am so happy”? “No.” Even today’s fallen humans feel that way, and today’s fallen parents feel that way. Would a God who has not fallen look at humanity being dragged into hell and say, “That’s good”? Such a God is unnecessary for us. No matter how many such gods exist, they are not needed. Even if that child disappears like dew on the gallows, the parent is still bound. While looking at the bright world of liberation, no matter how much there is to boast about, one must realize that one cannot say, “Follow my example.”
If this is the essence of the human world, then God, who is the subject of the heavenly principles, is the same. Human emotions can replace heavenly emotions, and human ethics can replace heavenly ethics. If human emotions can connect with heavenly emotions, then God is no different.

When I see that His eternal and indestructible children, who should share a common ideal centered on love, have become losers, dragged into the clutches of Satan, shackled, and pulled into hell, I think, "Ah, that’s good." If there is a God who thinks like that, then such a God is unnecessary. That is not the God I know.

If we look into the essential foundation of religion today, it is God, who stands in the subjective position of the heart world. But if we do not know what position God is in, how can we fulfill His will? Even if we say we have fulfilled God's will, what does that matter? It is pointless.

God desires a day of liberation. 

So, if there is a God who looks at the current state of affairs, would that God be a joyful God? Is that even possible? "No." Is it possible? "No." You fools, it is possible. "No." It is possible. "No." I have lost. (Laughter) I have lost. I raised my hand. No matter how confidently I speak loudly, I have lost and cannot move. I don’t know if the pastors of established churches have lost, but that’s a different matter.

When I see the pastors of established churches praying, "Holy God, God who is full of joy and grace in glory," that is just words, mere words. (Laughter) It is just a facade. The God I know is not like that. I have met God and have experienced all sorts of wonders. Look, my personality is extremely impatient. I am a person who is like a sword in justice. In the pursuit of truth, I have become a life-risking gambler, having gambled thousands of times.

I am not telling a trivial story. I am speaking the truth. And that truth has high credibility. So, does it resonate? Does it seem likely? "Yes." Really? "Yes." Do you think I am a fraud? (Laughter) I am speaking frankly. It is better to speak honestly. You do not know if I am a fraud. However, it makes sense, it makes sense. Whether that person speaks with a stick or beats with a bat, as long as it makes sense, it is fine. When the rhythm matches, it becomes soft. (Laughter) That is how it works. It just has to make sense. It just has to be in time.

When harmony is achieved, it feels good. That is what it is. Do you have to hit the piano keys? Even if you hit it with a club, as long as the rhythm matches, it is fine. Does that sound plausible? "Yes." Regardless of who the person is, whether a fraud or not, if the content makes sense, responding with "Yes, that makes sense" is not the action of a foolish person. Isn’t that right? "Yes."

Then, if God is truly a God of love, can He comfortably sleep and rest while looking at the fallen state of humanity today, where humanity has not been able to meet a day of liberation for tens of thousands of years? If there is such a God, that God would be struck by lightning and die. It is okay to curse such a God. (Laughter) Why are you laughing? Are you laughing because you feel bad? "I am laughing because I feel good." Then laugh more if it feels good. (Laughter)

If there is someone on this earth who has shed many tears... "Oh, my father and mother have suffered a lot since birth, and they were unfortunate parents who were looked down upon in the world. When I think of the tears my mother shed, my heart bursts as a child who has not been filial." Even if one cries for a thousand years, the tears shed by that mother cannot compare to the tears of God. Can they compare to God's tears? Even if a lord who lost a country becomes an exile and sheds tears while struggling to restore the nation, even if he sheds tears for several years, he cannot compare to God's tears, and we must understand this now.

Humanity, who should not go to hell, should be intoxicated with God's love within the rights of freedom, peace, and liberation. Yet, when I see them taking a wrong step and boarding a train to hell with a heart full of grievances, if God says, "You are doing well," then that God is not God.

To have such a God as a parent, to have such a God as a master, and to have such a God as the protagonist of eternal ideals is all erroneous, erroneous. The God I know is not that kind of God.

If we look for the history of tears shed on this earth, there is no one who has shed more tears than God. If there is any situation that has struck the heart, I believe there is no one who has been struck more than God. I know that God has suffered to an extent that no one in history could endure, and if He has been wounded, He has left scars all over His body. I know that God is that kind of being. Because He is such a God, I have resolved to take responsibility and fight for humanity to sympathize with Him. You must understand this motivation.

Today, people do not know God clearly. Who is the historical God today? He is the historical God, the God of the times, the God of the future. Yet, no religion has known how God has come through the historical era until now. I know that there is not a single person who can insightfully understand God's heart, who is anxious and worried about the current state of affairs, looking at the crisis and the rocky shores we are facing.

Therefore, we must confirm that day of liberation, the day that God desires, on this earth... To do so, many religions have been established to serve as a shield and a guide here. Throughout history, they have nurtured and transcended national borders, creating a world of exotic sentiments, but until now, religions have moved for their own happiness and ambitions, leaving behind the true God.

Such religions will be judged at the end. If Christianity is like that, then Christianity must be completely destroyed. If Buddhism is like that, then Buddhism must also be completely destroyed. If the Unification Church is like that, then the Unification Church must also be completely destroyed. Otherwise, I will break it all with my own hands.

Do not become a debtor, but become someone who imposes debts.

Everyone, it is good that the teacher called you here, but why did you gather? You must know that. I am not doing this to believe and go to heaven. That is trivial. I am doing this to liberate the world. Because I know God's situation, I believe not for my own salvation, but to become fertilizer, a stepping stone, and a pole to pierce the necks and bellies of enemies. This is the kind of religious leader God is looking for, to break through the stronghold of the enemy world and plant the flag of liberation on this earth.

What did you come here to do? Why did you come without your husbands knowing? Why did you come here, receiving scorn and disdain, suffering all kinds of insults while passing by on the street? What did you come here to do? I did not gather you to make you suffer. If that were the case, I would be a man who deserves to be struck by lightning. You gathered here because there is no one on this earth doing this liberation movement, no organization, no nation. Even weak women and powerless men have attended, hoping to take on this responsibility.

Who will liberate this earth? If we cannot stop Satan, it will be the end, the end. We must have a true religion centered on God, not only to defend this world but also to reclaim it and urge the liberation of the earth. We must understand that this is the earnest desire of God. Even if established church members do not know, Unification Church members must know! Even if other religions do not know, Unification Church members must know! The path of the Unification Church is a path of suffering. When an individual tries to walk this path, why is there such intense opposition? Because if the Unification Church remains in the world of Satan, liberation of the earth is possible, Satan will launch a full-scale attack.

The person who must avoid personal attacks must walk the path of destiny, and that person is Reverend Moon, who has the fate to overcome the opposition of countless enemy families. Reverend Moon must push forward despite opposition from tribes, nations, and even the entire Asian world.

You may have heard the news, but America is in an uproar because of me. Europe is also in an uproar. A wind has now passed through Korea. Isn’t that right? Why have I lived my whole life being scorned in a world where others prosper? From the beautiful age of my twenties to now, nearing sixty, even as I face the autumn season and the fate of becoming fallen leaves, why do I have to be busy with this work? Because I know that there is a God who is busier than I am. If I did not know God, I would never have done this work. I did not know God was like this. I did not know God was like this. That is why I am doing this work, even if I die and fall, to take a step forward in His liberation, not to retreat. I am an honest man. I am a sincere man. If I did not know God, I would never have done this work... What have I gained from this work?

I am someone who does not like to be in debt. I have incurred debts to individuals, to the Unification Church, and to the Republic of Korea. Today, I am not someone who is indebted to the United States. How could I be so incompetent as to live in debt? I am not someone who wants to live in debt. I am someone who wants to impose debts.

What is a loyal subject? A loyal subject is one who imposes debts greater than the grace received from the king of the nation. In other words, the path of filial piety, loyalty, and sincerity is to go while being grateful even if one gives their life. You must understand this. Therefore, there has never been anyone among the sages who did not die for heaven. Those who have not died cannot be considered sages.

From this perspective, figures like Jesus Christ prayed, "Abba, Father, if it is possible, let this cup pass from me. Yet not my will, but yours be done." Why did He pray like that? Jesus Christ also realized what kind of God God is. He is a God who has never been in debt throughout eternity. You must understand this. God does not incur debts now, nor has He ever incurred debts in the past. He came before humanity with debts. Even now, humanity is in debt. Not only now but until the day this world is liberated, He is incurring debts. You must understand that God is not a God who asks for debts. Because Jesus Christ knew this, even though the Roman soldiers were a wicked group, He had the heart to incur debts for them, and we must understand that He prayed for their blessing. Do you understand?

A debtor must either be a servant or submit. The one who imposes debts becomes the master and the center. You must understand this. That is why today, even though the Unification Church has been condemned by the Republic of Korea and by established churches, now the nation supports us. But I am not part of the ruling party. I am not part of the ruling party, but the ruling party that maintains power is indebted to the Unification Church for the sake of the nation. They know that we are a patriotic organization, and they know for sure that we are trustworthy, which is why they like us. Do you understand? "Yes."

Today, pastors of established churches oppose me and pray for my death. Then how much... They should be ashamed. "Hey, a certain pastor is praying for your death," God tells me. Then He says, "That guy is praying like that, but wait a few months. His whole family will be wiped out." They want me to fail, but when the pastors of established churches are hungry and in difficulty, I have bought rice and sent it to them. I have sent rice bags in the name of a member of the established church.

What is the established church? It turns out to be an elder brother. Through God, I have come to know that they are my elder brothers. I cannot raise a sword against these elder brothers. A sage is someone who reveres heaven.

Look, those who punch someone who is standing still are evil. Is the one who stands still and gets hit evil? Why is there such a fuss about the Unification Church? Are they asking for food or bread? I have not taken members from established churches. In 1954, I even said not to put up a sign. I told them to come and listen to the Principle and to leave their churches, but they refused to leave. They came in through the front door to listen to the message, but when I told them to go back to their established churches, they said they would rather die than go. So when I sent them out the front door, they came in through the back door, and when I sent them out the back door and closed the front door, they climbed over the wall and came in. Did I do something wrong? They ended up like that because they could not feed themselves. They do not realize their mistake and only blame the Unification Church.

Everyone, a debtor does not prosper. If there is a family member who likes to be in debt and likes to be indebted, that person will be set aside. The person who wants to impose debts, when they impose more debts than their parents, will have their parents give up all their rights to that child. Isn’t that the way of the human world? Isn’t it? "Yes." Everyone, wives should not be in debt to their husbands. Husbands should not be in debt to their wives. You must understand that a world of eternal peace will come from families that do not impose debts on each other.

Today, if the nation is in a position where everyone is stealing from each other and trying to impose debts on each other, that nation will perish. If the Republic of Korea becomes a nation that only likes to receive aid from abroad, it will perish. I believe it will perish. However, because they say they will repay with several times the profit, they are being tolerated until then.

We must unite for the liberation of the world. 

We, the members of the Unification Church, do not want money from established churches or the government. I want to earn through my own hands to support the world, support the church, and support the government... In return, what an ordinary person accomplishes in ten years, I accomplish in three years. How? By achieving mental unity... It is different.
Everyone, how many days did it take to build this house? It took 28 days. It wasn't built by someone who has been here for a month. I supervised it. It was built with a small number of people focused on the task. Something like the Cheongpyeong Training Center was built in just a week. When united, miracles can happen. When divided, destruction occurs.

Therefore, for the members who have joined the Unification Church... Are you united? "Yes." Are you united? "Yes." What about the grandmothers? "Yes." What about the grandfathers? "Yes." What will you do when you are united? What will you do when you are united? It's not for the Unification Church. It's not for the Unification Church. If you think that being united is for the success of the Unification Church, then the Unification Church will perish, it will perish. What will you do when you are united? You must liberate the world. The Unification Church, which needs unity for world liberation, will remain until the world is liberated. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." If you say let's unite for the Unification Church, then when world liberation becomes secondary, it will always fail to achieve the position of world liberation.

Why is it that Christianity, even now at the end, and even though the time of the Second Coming, a day of world liberation has come, is failing? It is because the essence of the faith of Christian believers is wrong. They think they must believe and go to heaven, and that their church must go to the best heaven, while abandoning everything outside their own fence.

God did not establish Christianity to save Christianity! He did not establish it for pastors and elders to live well! You must understand that Christianity was established to save the world. The purpose of establishing all religions is for world liberation, world liberation!

Today, I may be the first person you meet who speaks with such a grand title in front of you, "Heaven and Earth Dual Harmony?" Oh dear. For heaven and earth to be liberated, it must become Heaven and Earth Dual Harmony. "What is Heaven and Earth Dual Harmony?" It must become Heaven and Earth Harmonious Medicine. This task is the world that God aims for today, yet you say, "I want to go to heaven...." You thieves!

Unification Church members should not pray, "God, please make our Unification Church do well." If you pray like that, you will be struck by lightning. You should pray, "God, please hasten the world liberation that our Unification Church desires. Please give me strength, give me power, and give me love." That is the prayer you should make. Do you understand? "Yes."

These old ladies of the Unification Church, these old ladies. They bring their sons and daughters to greet me, saying, "Teacher, our child...." Then I say, "Hey, kid, stop it." I don't want them to come until their sons and daughters can represent the Unification Church and stand at the forefront of world liberation and be proud of it. I don't like it.

I have abandoned parents, abandoned my wife and children, and even my country for this work.... The Unification Church can be abandoned at any time, anytime. I am not saying this for the sake of the teacher's prestige and face. I am not saying this to gain sympathy from you. This is a straightforward statement.

If you look at the Bible, it says so. In John 3:16, this is a phrase that everyone knows, from kindergarten children to Sunday school students. It says that God loved the world so much that He gave His only begotten Son; did it say He sent His only begotten Son because He loved any pastor? It says He loves the world. It is not just Christianity; it is the world. The Messiah came for world liberation, not for the liberation of Christianity.

Even with such a mission, when Christianity fails to fulfill that mission, it will be hit by a bomb, a direct hit. The God of justice that I know is like that. It will be a direct hit. No matter how famous a pastor like Billy Graham is worldwide, it will all be dragged down. Their mindset is wrong. The content is wrong. Such wrongness cannot stand before the court of justice in the world. It is heading for destruction. It is heading for destruction.

That is why we must revolutionize even now. We must revolutionize. If you truly love God and love Jesus, you must understand that Jesus came as the commander for the liberation of this earth. "Transcending nations, transcending denominations, embodying God's heart with a heart that transcends humanity, raising the banner of liberation with God's cry of liberation, let us march toward the stronghold of Satan." When that happens, you must say, "Amen." Even if your neck is cut off and your intestines are severed, that is the path that believers must take. Do you understand? "Yes."

True religion develops the more it is persecuted. Who will fix this broken thing? Who? (Laughter) You might think, "Oh, the teacher will fix it." But that is being indebted, isn't it? (Laughter) Those who are indebted are doomed. Those who are indebted become slaves. Those who are indebted become submissive. That is why...

Look. I have not appeared in public for 30 years in Korea. I was buried in Cheongpah-dong like a ground mole. I was making excuses. However, I did not owe anything to this nation and this people. I created the Victory Alliance, which others could not do, for this nation and this people, educating about 10 million people in silence. Where did the money come from? It came from the money I earned by sacrificing my own flesh and blood. Because of that, our Unification Church's young people shed many tears. They suffered a lot.

They cannot open their mouths to the teacher without suffering. "I have suffered like this, so you kids, go out and do more!" Then they say, "Yes." That is the kind of life I have lived. If I were to speak, there are many stories to tell.

That is why, no matter how much the Korean people and the established church oppose me, I say, let them oppose. On the day they oppose, I will incur debts. Day and night, I will incur debts. Because I have incurred debts, even if I die after history has passed, history will establish justice. History is the judge of justice. Therefore, it will surely be revealed who was right, and by that time, even their descendants will completely submit. Therefore, this fight is already known as a victorious battle.

Why has the Unification Church, which was thought to fail, not failed? When I think about this, if God was not with me and Satan was with me, I would have already failed. Because I know that, I do not engage in foolish games that could lead to my failure. Likewise, I know that all senators and representatives in the United States are supporting us. All diplomats at the UN General Assembly are indebted to our members. Even if they want to meet, I say, "I meet because I need to, not because you need to." That is the kind of person I am.

Now, did I come here today because you needed me, or did you come because I needed you? "We came because you needed us...." I came because I needed you. I came because I needed you, but what is the necessary condition? It is to create liberators for the world. Does that upset you? If it upsets you, go away. Does that upset you? "It's fine." If the Korean people can do that, then the world...

So no matter how much the media in the United States... I am not concerned. The media caught Nixon in a year and a half, but Reverend Moon cannot be caught even in 30 years. It has already been three years. Even after three years, they have not caught me.

Why is that? Politics is an external world, so once you hit it, it may be frightening, but religion disappears the more you hit it! "No." Religion disappears the more you hit it! "No." True religion develops the more it is persecuted. So is the Unification Church a true religion or a false religion? "It is a true religion." If it were a false religion, it would be destroyed, but if it is a true religion, the more you hit it, the more it ignites. So, "Media, in the end, you lost to me." That is how it has turned out, right?

Also, the United States itself is indebted to me, so they do not know, but at some historical point, they will kneel and surrender to me. I will become their master and center. Is that correct or not? "It is correct." It is exactly right. It is correct from a historical perspective. Even when you look at all human ethics and morality, it is correct. That is how I stand firm against 240 million people without flinching. I am not being pushed back; they are being pushed back.

Well, the Unification Church in France was bombed, but I thought, "That's good, that's good. Ah, the day has come." So the person in charge in France came to America and said, "Teacher!" "Why?" "A church in France was bombed." "That's good. Why was only one bombed? They must have broken all the way from the headquarters?" "No, just one...." "You should have had more! If you are going to report to me, report after more have been bombed." (Laughter)

"I can't hear." (Someone shouts from the back) If you can't hear, cover your ears and sit still. (Laughter) What can I do if you can't hear? I can't say more than this. I have a microphone, but am I going to be friends with the microphone? I make friends with people. (Laughter) "Use the microphone, use the microphone." The microphone is my mouth; is this a microphone? (Laughter) I don't need a fake microphone.

Now, what I said is that even if the Unification Church in France was bombed and all that happened, no matter how much it is bombed, Reverend Moon has already been decided as a victor. Who lost? (Applause) The FBI wants to put me in prison. I do not shed tears or sigh. I do not pray, "God, since I am here, please let me out quickly." I do not make such trivial prayers like a coward. When I entered Seodaemun Prison... During the Ewha and Yonsei incident, in about six months, Ewha and Yonsei would have completely melted in my hands, but that guy Kim Hwal-ran... Kim Hwal-ran became a failure. (Laughter) When I go to the spirit world, it will be quite a sight.

Now you will understand what I mean. Do I have the ability to melt what I have cultivated for decades in just a few months? That is not done by the power of Moon, but by the power of God...

At that time, the man who had that skill would know how to operate with the same skill in America. Looking at it this way, I did not waste 30 years of history, and if Yonsei and Ewha had united and then the established church had supported Reverend Moon, the world would have melted into my hands by the age of 40. You must understand that I have that ability. I have the ability. Do you understand? "Yes." When I go to America, I said I would clear America within three years. God is with me. That is why I cleared it in three years. Did I say that or not? Go to America now. If you go to America, there is no one who does not know Reverend Moon. Anyone who does not know is not a person. Only wild boar friends or pigeon friends do not know.

Now, the microphone is again... The microphone is an enemy. (Laughter) You must understand that. That is why I am fighting this battle. The Moon who was born in Korea today is a pathetic man. He is not good-looking. If I look like this, I am among the ugly ones, right? "No." Is it okay? "Yes." My mother might like me, but do you all like me? Do the women here like the teacher? "Yes." So I have been insulted. (Laughter) Look at this. It is crazy. Who likes this? I have been kicked and done all sorts of things. Still... I will say one thing. This is a side story, but if I keep talking like this, it will never end. There is an old lady here. If you see her, even at night, or even in a dream... (Laughter) There is such an old lady. I won't mention her name. But this old lady says, "If the teacher does not see my face for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, he will be disappointed." (Laughter)

Now, without asking, if I am in the main room, she sticks her head in and says, "I have come in." This has been going on for a year, twelve months. (Laughter) After that, when she sits for breakfast, she just sits there until evening. It is so unsightly that I say, "You old lady, get lost!" Would you want to say that, or not? So once, I called her and said straight out, "You old lady. Why do you have no shame, not knowing who has come, just opening the door and coming in? You old lady, even if you see my face twice, it will be a bad dream, so why do you come in?" I gave her a good scolding, and that old lady was disappointed, saying, "Is there such a law in the world? Oh, I thought my teacher loved me the most in the world, and I thought he would miss me, so I came in every day.... Oh, since he does not want to see me, I have caused a big problem." This became a real prayer topic. So that old lady prayed a decisive prayer before God. She said, "God, why did you make my face the ugliest among many women? Why didn't you make it so that the teacher would like to see me?" She fasted for three days without eating. Today, those who are here for the first time may not understand what I am saying. What do they know about fasting prayer?

When she was fasting, what did she say to God? "God, why did you make my face the ugliest among many women? Why didn't you make it so that the teacher would like to see me?" She must have prayed so earnestly for three days without eating. She must have used all her strength. But God said, "Hey, even if your face is ugly, it is my image; even if it is beautiful, it is my image...." (Laughter. Applause)

That statement is principled. So I raised my hand to that statement. (Laughter) There is no better answer than that. "Even if it is ugly, it is my image; even if it is beautiful, it is my image...." Whose image is it? "God's." It is God's image, so even Moon, who likes God, cannot move. After that, I bought her clothes and things. (Laughter)

Now, let's return to the main point. What is the purpose of God creating people? "For love." For love. What is the purpose of creating Christianity? "For love." What is the purpose of sending Jesus? "For love." What is the purpose of sending the Unification Church? "For love." To fulfill God's will of love.... What is the scope of that will of love? Is it Unification Church-centered, South Korea-centered, world-centered, or heaven-centered? "Heaven-centered." What? "Heaven-centered." It is heaven-centered? "Yes." It is not just South Korea, not just the world, and because there is a spirit world, it must be heaven and earth-centered, heaven and earth-centered. The term heaven and earth-centered is new in the Unification Church. The term heavenly and earthly means it is heaven-centered.

Then what kind of advocate is God? Is He a nationalist, a globalist, or a heavenly nationalist? "Heavenly nationalist." Then, to become a son or daughter of God, can you do it with nationalism? Is it passing or failing? "It is failing." Can you do it with a nationalistic or globalist mindset? "No." You must enter the spirit world. You must be heaven-centered, heaven-centered.

Then, in this sinful world, God has been troubled by this world until now...
Is just seeing and being still becoming a child of God? No matter how much you stand in a universal position, can those who just see and remain still become children of God? Wouldn't it be those who cannot stand it, grit their teeth, and prepare for a fierce battle to eliminate the opposites who become children of God? "Those who fight." That goes without saying. Is there such a tribe, such a church, such a denomination in the world? Is it the Christian church? Not a chance. From that perspective, I believe there is only the Unification Church on this planet. Amen. How about that? "Amen." Since you are a member of the Unification Church, you say amen. If people from established churches came, they would say, 'Look at that guy.' Just wait and see. That's how it is. Who will take responsibility for the world's communism? The United States cannot take responsibility. The Republic of Korea itself cannot take responsibility. The Republic of Korea is a nationalist state. You must understand that communism is global communism. Therefore, nationalism cannot suffice. Can you stop global communism with a nationalist anti-communist ideology? Is that possible? "No." It's not possible, not at all. Therefore, to stop this global communism, there must be an anti-communism that transcends nationalism and is higher than that, which is not globalism but a heavenly universalism. If such anti-communism emerges, communism cannot be expelled from this planet! "It exists." It does not! "It exists." It does not! "It exists." It does not! "It exists." Justice is bold and strong. The teacher is unshaken. It exists! "It does not." It exists. (Laughter) Therefore, what is God's biggest headache? First, He wants sons and daughters who can deal with communism before Him. Next, He desires beloved sons and daughters who can revive the declining Christianity and elevate it to a higher level.

Christianity is declining. For 2,000 years, it has been dying in traps, being fed to lions, being sawed, and being boiled in oil, and yet this Christianity has come out all grown up, saying, "Namu Amida Bul" after ten years of study, right? It has become capable of saying "Namu Amida Bul" after 2,000 years of study. Who will take responsibility for the decline of Christianity? If God could take responsibility, He would have done so thousands of years ago. It is impossible unless someone emerges who can take responsibility and cooperate. In that sense, the Unification Church...

Just open the doors of the established church. Once you open the door... Originally, right after liberation, if I had just opened the door, I would have aimed to ruin world Christianity within seven years. If the pastors from the established church came here, I would tell them to go and report. Did the pastors come? I intended to ruin Christianity within seven years. It would have been made so they couldn't move. Theoretically, they cannot withstand it. If they lose theoretically, they lose. How many pastors from the established church run away through the back door when our Unification Church high school students go to meet them? Therefore, how many people from the Unification Church can withstand a few people from the established church? "A thousand people." A thousand? "Ten thousand." The quality is different.

So, was it good or bad that it was made like this? "It was good." Even from the perspective of the established church, was it good or bad? "It was good." Was it good from the perspective of the established church, you rascal? (Laughter) From the perspective of the Unification Church, it was good, but from the perspective of the established church, was it good or bad? "It was good." It was bad, you rascal. (Laughter) Then, from God's perspective, was it good or bad? "It was good." From the perspective of Teacher Moon of the Unification Church? "It was good." From my perspective, it can be okay even if it is not good. It can be okay from the perspective of the Unification Church. However, it must be good from God's perspective. That's what I mean. I know that for sure. So, is Teacher Moon of the Unification Church fake or real? "He is real." Can you say he is real just because you say so? God must say he is real. Is a person like me real? How many people are more excellent than me? 

Look at the humans who want to live within God's universal love. Do you want to live in a society liberated in God's love? "Yes." Have you lived in such a society, or have you not? "I have not lived in such a society." Have you lived in a world where the earth is liberated centered on God's love, in a country governed by God, in a country full of God's love? "I have not lived in such a society." Then, what kind of world are you living in? "A world of sin." In a world of sin, what are you doing, mumbling and complaining? Moreover, at this time, there is talk of the collapse of values and the post-ideological era. The world is desperate.

Don't worry about that. Last time, I gathered scholars from 60 countries and held a scientific conference in New York. There were Nobel Prize winners and all sorts of people there. I met all the famous people in the world. When I talked to them a few words, I could see right through them. When I asked, "Ah, Reverend Moon, I don't know either." If you look closely, everything is visible under my hand. Do you understand? So, I need to teach them. These guys are ruining the world. I spent nearly $700,000 to hold this conference. It is not a waste. Once this passes six times, I will formally lay it all out. I will say, "Listen to me, not just chatter." At that time, the Republic of Korea will feel good. "Wow! Teacher Moon..." (Laughter)

Is it a good thing or a bad thing that this Unification Church Moon is doing in the Republic of Korea? If you have your eyes straight as a citizen of the Republic of Korea, answer clearly. Is it a bad thing? "It is a good thing." It is a good thing. Look back at 5,000 years of history. It has just followed others. Those who graduated from American universities, those with master's and doctoral degrees, if I say die, they will die, and if I say go into the fire with cotton on their backs, they will go. They have become disciples of famous Nobel Prize winners and world scholars, but they do not listen to their mothers or their teachers, yet they will listen to me. Is that a good thing or a bad thing? "It is a good thing." Are they trying to ruin themselves? They have checked everything, filtered everything, tasted everything, and smelled everything, and they find everything stinky, and this is the only thing that is pure, and they say they cannot let go, even if their teeth break, they cannot let go. Their parents oppose them and make a fuss about letting go. I just watch and enjoy. That's enough.

Was there such a man among Koreans? "There was none." If there was none, that is fine. In the history of America, I might have broken the record for receiving commendations in a short period. Did I not receive the name of an admiral, or what, citizenship, colonel, and all good names? I received a doctoral name from the university. (Laughter) But I do not need all that. If I hang that up, it will be on the wall... I do not try to boast about that. In Western history, no one has received such commendations in a short period; Reverend Moon is a historical record holder. Isn't that right? "Yes." (Applause) If I stop, I have many records. Who is the champion who has created the Unification Church and made the world noisy in this era, even making communism panic and oppose it? Isn't it me?

Also, look. Recently, it was reported in the newspaper that I won the world championship in table tennis, right? "Yes." Now, what is better, being a table tennis champion or being the champion who marries all the young people of the world? (Laughter) What is better? "The champion who marries." In your neighborhood, to have one son or daughter and get them married takes more than 20 years, just chanting Namu Amida Bul and Kwan Seum Bosal with all your heart, and you see many who have become Namu Amida Bul after ten years of study. But how about the Unification Church? Would it be easy or difficult to conduct 1,800 couples' marriages? "It is difficult." Think about how difficult that is. Do you not think about that and just start cursing? Are you envious because of that? You say you are envious because of buying fields and rice paddies, right? This is the peculiar nature of the Korean people that has become a chronic problem.

Now, do you call it a matchmaker? (Laughter) "It is called a matchmaker." Do you call it a matchmaker or a matchmaker? "It is called a matchmaker." Matchmaker, matchmaker. Who is the king among the greatest matchmakers in history? It is me, Moon. (Laughter) I am the king of matchmakers, the king of matchmakers. Is that right? "Yes." If that is the case, did I do well? Even so, there is not a single person who would say they would cut off my head because of a bad marriage. (Laughter) They greet me and live. Even when I went to Gangwon-do this time, they said, "Hey, you little guy, you got a good wife, right?" "Oh, I got a good one." "How good did you get?" "I would be grateful even if I were given the whole world..." "Then, that is right." It does not feel bad, does it? (Laughter) If I do not do this, I cannot go on for a long time.

When we Unification Church members are asked where we want to live, we do not want to live in a world that needs liberation. We want to live in a liberated world. In the love of God, all humanity transcending nationalism and globalism, within the realm of heavenly universal love, saying, "Come here, my love," when it goes "bang" in the east, it goes "thud" in the west, and when it goes "thud" in the south, it can go "niliri" in the north. We want to live in such a place. Just saying it sounds good, right? "Yes." Those who say they do not want that should all die. They should die. They should be struck by lightning and die. Since no one is offended even when I curse like this, it is okay to curse. Do you agree? "Yes." Is that true? "Yes." (Laughter) It does not feel bad, does it? (Laughter)

Today, we must not liberate this planet due to Satan and the devil. The world of liberation declared by communist-style slogans or manifestos must endure suffering, but as long as the Unification Church does not disappear, it can be allowed! "It does not exist." It exists! "It does not exist." It exists! "It does not exist." Therefore, I cannot help but say it does not exist. That is why communism is the biggest problem. Recently, a lot of Chongryon came to South Korea, right? "Yes." That is all because I brought about 600 people to the United States, and that had an effect. I do not know how much effort I have put into catching these Chongryon. Kim Il-sung will hate me the most. The leaders of the communist world know me better than anyone else. What can I say? There is no such tragedy. The leaders of the democratic world should know this and work together, but all the leaders of the communist world know this. The Soviet Pravda and the Japanese Communist Party's Akahata have become well-known.

I will drive out communism with my own hands. And I will revive the Christianity that is on the path to destruction with my own hands. If the pastors are here, think about it. The budget of the Korean Christian Council, KNCC, is about 400 million won a year. If I say I will give about 4 billion won a year, I will do it. However, I do not play such games. You cannot do religion with money. If I wanted to, I could do it. I am a person who spends nearly 1 billion won a month; would I do it or not? "I would do it." No matter how big America is, since I spend that much money, it becomes a social issue, which is why Reverend Moon's voice has risen to shake the heavens and the earth. I did not steal that money. I earned it. I earn money well. The world has become as I predicted many years ago.

So, the Unification Church... There was a son named Joseph among Jacob's twelve sons. Right? "Yes." All eleven of Joseph's brothers tried to kill him and intended to throw him into a pit, but they could not let him die, so they sold him to those going to Egypt. He went through such a miserable path and became the prime minister of that country by interpreting dreams well in prison, and thus, a game of saving his family unfolded. When his brothers came to see him, he felt good seeing them. When he thought of his parents' bloodline and his mother and father, he could not scold his brothers and treated them with tears in his eyes. That scene emerges, right? That is exactly the situation.

The established church has faced famine. They will come to the Unification Church with begging bowls. They are coming now. I tell you to look at America for just three years, only in the 1980s. I will have powerful resources. I will have resources that can move the American Congress, and I will establish a power base that can have a strong influence on the Republic of Korea. This is not public opinion. I am saying this because I have made a program with God. (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Now that the time has come when it is believable, I am saying this. If a responsible person makes such statements in public and cannot fulfill them, Teacher Moon of the Unification Church will become a laughingstock, but I am not that foolish. It will happen. When that happens, Korean pastors will come running... It will be just like Joseph and his eleven brothers. They will all say to me, "Give me several thousand dollars." I will say, "You eat too and go away." I will not say, "You rascal, aren't you the successor of the bad guys who prayed to kill me 30 or 40 years ago?" They will not say that. When the time comes, I will think of them with tears in my eyes and pity them. Why? Because of God. God has nurtured them for 2,000 years, and they were the sword God used in the historical process, and they are brothers with whom God has invested effort and hope. It is because of God. Without God, problems arise. Something would have already happened. I am a tough person. When I was six or seven years old, I was beaten for no reason, and I did not stop until I made the grandfather of that house surrender to his grandson. Do you understand? I am a tough person. When it comes to justice, even if the whole world cuts my belly open, I am the kind of person who would pull in the intestines of that belly and run. That is why God uses someone like us well. At that time, life is not the issue.

I am a person who has been in and out of prison dozens of times. I have been in and out since the Japanese colonial period to the Soviet intelligence department. "I cannot hear." Even if you cannot hear, just stay still. Who told you to sit there? I do what I want; do you do what you want? (Laughter) It is noisy. (Laughter) I am sorry. (Laughter) Until what time should we continue? It is almost two hours.

So, do not hate the established church. Just leave them alone. Huh? "Yes." When I say to hate, hate, and do so? "Yes." Until then, keep your mouth shut and stay still. 

We must unite our power base to drive out global communism. This Unification Church Moon has made our Unification Church members act like beggars until now. So, in our investigation records, we have checked which pastor is which, A, B, C, all checked. We have acted like beggars. We have wandered around without a way, being treated poorly in this house and that house, and we have investigated everything. It was not for nothing that we did such things. The Unification Church members, who seemed like beggars passing by, are not the spies of the heavenly kingdom but perhaps the secret agents of the heavenly kingdom. I have caused a ruckus until now and become a problematic person, but I am not a person who brings disaster to this country and this world. I might be a person who brings blessings to this country and this world. Humans do not know that, but only God knows. Only I and God know.
It is. The members of the Unification Church don’t know, right? “We know.” Don’t know, huh? “We know.” What is it? “We know.” Can those who know do that? Treating the teacher like this. Not showing any sympathy at all. Do you sympathize? “Yes.” Look at this. I’ve talked a lot since Busan, and my lips are chapped like this, but I’m still talking, should I stop? To the many sympathetic members of the Unification Church! (Laughter) Is it better to continue speaking or to stop? “It’s better to continue.” If you say, ‘It’s better to stop,’ it becomes sympathy, but you want me to continue? These guys. (Laughter) What kind of sympathy is that? “Then take a short break…” (Laughter) That elder is different. “We should continue.” If we take a break, we’ll just go back to Cheongpah-dong by car. That can’t happen.

Now, that’s true, but when I say, ‘The teacher teaches that the path the teacher takes is to prioritize the whole over the individual, so we must continue,’ then there’s no way to move. You can’t just say to continue. Do you understand? ‘Even if the individual sacrifices, we must continue for the whole, according to the teacher’s teaching.’ At that time, the teacher also says ‘Amen.’ When it’s not like that… Now, should we continue or stop? “Please continue.” From that, you should understand that there is a limit to sympathy, a limit.

Now, what is our wish, our wish for Korea? It is to abolish the 38th parallel. Isn’t that right? “That’s right.” What does President Park wish for? It is to demolish the 38th parallel and unify North and South Korea. Isn’t that right? “That’s right.” And what is the wish of the Unification Church? “Heavenly unity.” It’s not just about unifying the 38th parallel but also about driving out the Soviet Union and China. That’s the teacher’s way of thinking. I’m not doing this to capture Kim Il-sung and drive out the North Korean Communist Party. It’s to drive out world communism. Do you feel good? “Yes.”

Therefore, the Republic of Korea must now hold onto Japan. If not, there will be no way to survive. We must not hold onto China. We must not hold onto the Soviet Union. We must hold onto Japan. Based on Japan, we must hold onto the United States. If we can’t hold onto these two, the Republic of Korea will have no way to go in the future. I’ve been planning this for 15 years already. So I’m currently discussing with the members of the Liberal Democratic Party of Japan… even the issue of who will be the future Prime Minister of Japan centered around the association. Do you understand what I’m saying? “Yes.”

Someone named Moon did this while being criticized. While being criticized, he did something to save Asia and the Republic of Korea. But is he a traitor to the country and a traitor to the church? If Japan goes wrong, centered around the American continent, and focusing on all the senators in the U.S., we must unite all the forces across America to ignite the movement to drive out world communism. That’s what I’m doing now. If we don’t establish this defensive line across America by 1978, knowing that the U.S. will be in danger if we don’t raise an elite force of over 30,000, the teacher is working day and night for that… There’s no time. Do you understand? “Yes.”

You all must take responsibility for all the communist issues in Korea. Do you understand? “Yes.” Therefore, the 3,000-ri peninsula that the teacher loved, the 3,000-ri peninsula where the teacher has shed blood and sweat for this country must not perish. If it perishes, the dignity of this country, which is the central nation of God’s will, will not stand. We cannot establish dignity before all mankind. We must come forth with a national character that can take the authority of victory in such a dangerous area standing at the forefront of the communist world, and only then can the Unification Church be praised as the central nation and homeland. If it perishes and the members of the Unification Church in the allied nations of the world drive out communism and liberate the nation, that dignity will be completely taken away. Do you understand? “Yes.” Because of that, the teacher has centered on such issues until now…

So, in terms of the anti-communist line against communism, it is the same in Asia and Japan. The only place to save Japan is the International Victory Federation. This is the consensus among all the high-ranking members of the Liberal Democratic Party, the consensus. Prominent figures in general society are asking us for help. In the not-too-distant future, America will be the same. Do you understand? “Yes.” That’s why, in this place (Central Training Center), we have been educating national leaders and leaders of the Saemaul Movement for several years, right? “Yes.” This will spread from Korea to Japan, from Japan to America, and from America to the world. Then I will establish a university to educate young people from around the world and deploy them globally. We must turn all communists upside down and bury them. That’s what we’re doing. Do you understand? “Yes.”

Therefore, the Unification Church must not lose to communism. If communism operates 24 hours a day, we must work not just 24 hours but 48, 68, 72 hours without sleep. Do you understand? “Yes.” We must work harder than them…

So, what is God’s number one headache? First, it’s communism, second, the decline of established churches, and third, the issue of youth immorality on this planet. If we cannot correct these, God’s defensive line and the global strategic base that God can resolve on this planet will be completely shattered.

Today, who will take responsibility for such headaches of God, such difficult global issues? It would be good if the countries that lead the world could take responsibility, but since they can’t, it must be the religious organizations with a global foundation that take on all of God’s liberation bases. However, since Christianity, which has a foundation worldwide, cannot do such things, the Unification Church must quickly lay a foundation that can surpass the standards of world Christianity and reorganize this to establish these standards and form this front. Without that, there seems to be no way to survive. Do you understand? “Yes.” That’s why I’m busy.

The communists manipulating the groups opposing the Unification Church sent missionaries to 127 countries last year, but in 4 countries, they were expelled by the communists. So, there are 123 countries, and there are enemies everywhere. From the perspective of Americans, Japanese people are enemies, and Germans are enemies… Those with such nationalist feelings cannot become the people of the heavenly kingdom or the sons and daughters of the cosmic God. Meeting enemies, even though they were enemy nations 30 years ago, now they love their own people more than anything else, going to foreign lands and working for unity.

So how many missionaries have been sent out? They are from three countries. Japanese, then? “Americans.” Germans, all enemies. If we look at it from the perspective of God’s providence, if we cannot have the content to unite centered on a super-national heart in front of God’s universal and cosmic providence, the Unification Church will also be expelled in front of God’s will. Can we do it or not? We must practice. That’s why everyone is now going out and working in 123 countries.

Also, we are trying to bring all Japanese and Germans to save America. Germans should love Americans more than they love Germans, and Japanese should love Americans more than they love Japanese. Japanese who have entered the Unification Church must receive recognition that they are better than Americans living in Japan. Otherwise, they cannot set an example for the world, which is why I brought all the German and Japanese members to America as soon as I arrived. Day and night, we are pushing forward. So, turning 60, how hard would that be? If I make others suffer like that, wouldn’t I be comfortable? It’s not an easy task. The Unification Church in America has already established the historical fact that it must follow the traditions of Germans and Japanese, and it is absolute obedience before the teacher of the Unification Church. Do you understand?

With this foundation, a new spring has begun to rise, and it has started to penetrate the corrupt social conditions across America. That is the Unification Church movement, but all these damned people in the world… Their current situation is about to break apart and scatter, which is a big deal. It’s a radical development. Just like the phrase “breaking through bamboo,” it’s the same. So, this becomes a social issue, and those who oppose it all come out.

Who is manipulating all that behind the scenes? It’s the communists. If there are 500 parents opposing in Japan, if you look behind them, they are not all opposing parents. Among those 500, there is only one relative of a Unification Church member. The rest are all communists. These communists know that when the Unification Church establishes a global foundation, their heads will be cut off, so they oppose through the same method centered around the opposing parents’ association. The recent bombing of our church in France was all done by communists.

Today, in South Korea, we must recognize that the claws of communists are reaching behind established churches. Look. The Little Angels performance is also being opposed by communists now. What does the Little Angels have to do with communists? It’s because Reverend Moon is involved. So they are making it difficult for Reverend Moon. Such a dangerous situation… In places like New York, rapes and murders are happening even in broad daylight. In such a dangerous America, this man from Asia, Reverend Moon, a person of the yellow race, is causing a stir, and while there are many who support him, there are also many who oppose him. There, for just a hundred dollars, you can assassinate someone anytime. Do you understand? I’ve investigated all the underworld. I’ve investigated all the mafia’s background. Would I fight without knowing?

Because of this, they all threaten me saying, ‘Reverend Moon, if you’re afraid of bullets, just stay quiet,’ and all sorts of threats… ‘You think I haven’t received such threats for 30 years already?’ (Laughter) Fighting with such a resolution doesn’t lead to a final decision. It’s bold. The teacher has an antenna, so when I’m going, I don’t take paths that feel bad. When I get in the car, I know not to go this way. There’s that antenna. Do you understand? There’s a code device, a code device.

The Republic of Korea has not yet escaped from the peak of suffering. The reason I came this time is that if I stay in Korea for about 40 days and then leave, first, Korea is good. This year, Korea is entering a turning point in the world’s fortune. From God’s providence, we are now entering a time when the great fortune is turning, so the communists are trying to solidify their global strategy. This is the time when all the efforts of the communists can turn into nothing.

Because God loves me, I must devote myself for 40 days while I’m in Korea. So I’m currently traversing the eight provinces and doing this work. This country must not perish. This country must not perish. President Park must not die and must do well until I return in a few years. We must firmly oppose Kim Il-sung. On the day I return, there will be a global… Do you understand what I’m saying? “Yes.” That’s the kind of work I’m doing.

A good child is not one who causes problems at home. Is a child who makes a big noise at home a good person, or is a person who makes a big noise outside a good person? “Outside…” Isn’t Reverend Moon like that? Then is he a good person or a bad person? “A good person.” Really? “Yes.” Did you answer that incorrectly? “No.” What would happen if you spoke loudly to a Korean?

So last year, after 30 years, I thought, let’s attack the established church once, and I did the ‘Hope Day Great Feast’ cannon fire… About 700 foreigners fell out, what is this? I was disappointed. After doing this once, they fell magnificently, opposing. What do you do when you oppose and lose? This is the question. Did the established church suffer a crushing defeat or not? “They suffered a crushing defeat.” Ask a general person who is not a member of the Unification Church. Did Christianity win, or did the Unification Church win? Ask them. Even if there is funding, I will not lose. ‘If you touch the members of the Unification Church…’ ‘You should sweep away the established church members in the streets with your fists. One person against hundreds…’ and if I command… They are terrifying groups. Would you feel good or bad? “Good.” Even if it’s evening and I’m a bit hungry, I feel good. (Laughter) At Yeouido Square… Do you remember that time? “Yes.” Do you want to do it again? “Yes.” Now we can’t do it in Korea. It’s all over. How many times would we do that event? Would we spend money to do that?

Now, it will be held in the United States on June 1, 1976. I was going to do it on May 28, but because there are too many complicated events in that city, I had no choice but to move it to June 1. When June 1 comes… Yankee Stadium is a big baseball stadium in New York. There’s only one baseball stadium. They are planning to hold a gathering of about 200,000 there. What will the people coming there come to see? Who will they come to see? They are coming to see the face of this unpleasant yellow-skinned Moon. Whether I’m good-looking or not, I’m a figure, right? “Yes.”

The judgment has not been made yet. Whether that person is famous in a good sense or a bad sense, in any case… Americans idolize heroes. They respect those who are famous and have a lot of money. I have made a lot of money. I have money, right? Then I have young people, right? They come in droves. Isn’t that right? “Yes.” As soon as I give orders, they can come from San Francisco to New York within three days. Originally, it should take a week, but they come within three days. They can come even within 24 hours.

While doing such work, I trained around the issue of supporting President Nixon. That’s why, in a place that one might only visit once in a lifetime, they can go back and forth within three days, going back and forth weekly. They can do that as much as they want.

In the end, who are they coming to see at Yankee Stadium? “Father.” They are coming to see Reverend Moon. When they come, I will capture them. I can handle Americans. I have that skill. When that day comes, New York will be quiet. If New York is quiet, every city in America will be quiet. The media too…

Then in September, I will establish a newspaper company. I will deploy young people and poke around the company’s backside. We have a newspaper company in Tokyo, right? “Yes.” New York and London are the gathering places for UPI, AP, and all news agencies. They are the total headquarters of Asia, the total headquarters of Europe, and the total gathering place of North and South America. I will establish this. This is the highest dream as a journalist, and the teacher will achieve this in just a few years…

Is it easy to create a newspaper company? I’m losing 100 million yen every month in Japan. Then, I’m losing 12 billion yen a year? In Korean money…
I suffer a loss of about 1.9 billion. I am currently engaged in activities that can comfortably cover such expenses. Do you understand? Furthermore, if I establish this newspaper in New York, I will have to pay $300,000 every month. Wouldn't it be nice if I could give you some of that? "No." I need to pay between $300,000 and $400,000 in cash every month for this to operate. For three years. Once we endure for three years, we will have our organization…

Then, I will have it set up even in London… When we have our correspondents, they will become the top correspondents of the largest newspaper companies. That’s why I tell the correspondents, "Hey, don’t you want to go to Tokyo? Don’t you want to go to London? Don’t you want to go to New York?" I will pull them in from all directions, and I plan to take control of the future world media through UPI and AP communications. I know that if I cannot steer this direction, we will be consumed by the communist world, which is why I am in a hurry. Do you understand? "Yes." Isn’t it a matter of life and death for me to do something that even the United States cannot do? Shouldn’t you feel some sympathy for that? "Yes, we should." Then do you have any money? Do you have money? Since you don’t have any money, all you can do is pray with your butt in the air. (Laughter) You should at least do that.

What is the reason for all this busy activity? You need to understand that. What kind of greed is driving this? It’s not because I have a dream of conquering the world. I have already built up enough wealth to comfortably eat a cow every day. Do you understand? Even if I go to each state in the U.S., I have a house to live in, a car, and I can fly anywhere, even landing at night, and I have everything prepared to be taken to a good place to sleep. I laid the groundwork in England, and I paid for the groundwork in Germany. Do you understand? Who would have dreamed that a man criticized by the so-called best in South Korea would be capable of doing such things? If this man had been welcomed 30 years ago and walked hand in hand with me, the communist party would have already disappeared like autumn leaves from my hands. The democratic world would have raised the flag of liberation in the name of God, and the liberation of the entire earth would have been achieved. However, because the established churches in Korea opposed it, the historical democratic world, as well as this historical earth, must bear the consequences that South Korea must face.

That is why South Korea has not yet escaped from the trials of suffering. You need to understand that. Reverend Moon of the Unification Church is not a fool. Speaking for myself, I am a capable person. I am a capable person. When necessary, I can break through anything. However, I still dislike doing such things. If something is needed, I just have to say, "Break through!" If it cannot be done, I will step in myself. I know how to do diplomacy and I have the ability to persuade. You need to understand that.

Pray to liberate God
Therefore, today, for the members of the Unification Church to become leaders, they must know how to handle economic issues, conduct diplomacy, and then be able to persuade the public with eloquence. Because we set these policies for leaders and educate accordingly, members of the Unification Church, even if they only graduated from high school, can speak with eloquence that even university professors cannot. Isn’t that right? "Yes."

That is why even though the regional leaders and church leaders are in their twenties, police chiefs and county heads come to listen to our words. No matter how many degrees they have, they lose to someone who has only graduated from high school. Normal education at a university is not the issue. It is about having a theoretical ideological system.

Why is that? What is the purpose? Am I doing this because I need money or because I want to be the president of South Korea? No. I am not someone who enjoys being famous. Even this time when I went to Chungnam, the Chungnam police department guided me with a sidecar. I don’t like that. It’s nice that you think of me, but what I hope for is that you love the people of South Korea more than you love me, and that you love God more than you love me. That is what I have been teaching.

A parent who can have a true filial child is one who teaches their child to love their siblings and their neighbors and country more than they love the parent. I believe such a person is qualified to have a filial child.

When there is a leader, that leader should tell the loyal subjects, "Loyal subjects! It’s good that you are devoted and love me, but first love the people and love God, and then love me." That is what a leader who can have loyal subjects should teach.

What kind of God can lead saints today? God does not teach us to be fully devoted to Him. He says, "Even if you abandon me, love all people and liberate everything on this earth, and love the spirits in the spiritual world, and then love me." That is the kind of God He is, which is why He can eternally hold the title of the Lord of Hosts.

Members of the Unification Church, do not feel sorry for me. I dislike that. Do not pray for me. I do not need your prayers. Instead, pray for the liberation of this nation that Reverend Moon desires. Since God is in the midst of redemption, let God be the God of freedom who can come to South Korea and do as He pleases, and let Him stand in the position of a liberated God, and pray to liberate God.

Parents with unfilial children must understand that they are being bound by those unfilial children. To liberate that parent, one must show more filial piety than the unfilial child. Furthermore, one must be recognized publicly. Only then can the sins of the past be washed away. This is the principle. It is the same principle. Saying "It’s all for the teacher…" is unnecessary. The neighbors, this country, and this nation are pitiful beings. For 5,000 years, saying "I will build a thatched house and serve my parents for a thousand years…" is nice, but will you live in a thatched house for a thousand years? It is a pitiful nation. We must guide this pitiful nation correctly. If this nation, which lacks money and resources, cannot even receive God’s blessings, where will it live?

God is fair. That is why, after passing through 5,000 years of history in Asia, He left this nation because He hoped for a day when His blessings could be shared and centered on God’s ultimate love, to be of help to Asia.

The Unification Church must prosper for Korea to prosper
When God desires such love and such purpose, and when this peninsula shines with light, it can become a holy nation and a nation of hope that can liberate Asia and the world, fulfilling the liberation that God desires.

Today, when we look at the fact that there is no denomination that can have such hope or leave such hope, the fact that only the Unification Church can speak such words should not be taken lightly if God hears this.

Moreover, if we carry out such practices on the world stage, even if the Unification Church started without knowing, God would come and teach us, saying, "Let’s work together." If it started from God from the very beginning and has come to this point, how much hope and expectation would God have? You need to think about this. You must understand that the Unification Church is such a place, not a gathering of rotten people who want to hide in a corner and sleep.

People say I am superhuman, but I am not superhuman. I am a man possessed by evil, a man possessed by evil. Where is the superhuman? When I went to America and tested the Americans to see how persistent they are, I took a boat across the Atlantic and fished day and night. "You guys! You, the president of the association, you, the executives of America, get on the boat." I fished without rest all night. Let’s see how many hours they can go. I worked for 24 hours straight. Whenever there was a little opening, I would say, "Let’s go out." I needed to educate them without words and show them examples without words. So, I continued this for a month, two months, several months, enduring harsh conditions. The people who first went out on the boat all left, and in the end, when I said to go out on the boat, they told me to go alone.

One driver had no choice but to follow, and I thought, "Let’s see if this guy can endure." Surprisingly, he held on well. So, I decided to educate him, going out in the morning, not sleeping all day, catching fish, then coming back to eat and going out again. Then after that…

Why do I do this? I need to raise soldiers who can plant signs in the Western lands to protect God, which is why I did this. It’s not that I am doing this because I have no thoughts. I am a man possessed by evil. I don’t know if being superhuman is a holy name, but in terms of God’s heart, I am a man possessed by evil. Do you understand? "Yes."

Even if my throat is hoarse, I stand on this podium prepared to collapse, prepared to collapse. Don’t think of such a teacher as a good person. I am a terrifying man. I am a sorrowful man. If there is anyone in the world who is sad, no one is sadder than I am. I cannot speak to anyone. Without God, I am the most pitiful person. You need to understand that. I do not need money. I do not need power. I do not need honor. The only question is, who will protect this nation? That is the issue. I am a man who is struggling like a madman, even though my mind is clear.

The Unification Church must unite with God to carry out the world liberation movement
When I command the Japanese members to "bring all the Japanese assets to Korea," they will do it. Do you understand what I mean? All the members of the Unification Church in America, as soon as I give the command, will sell their American assets and bring them to Korea. This impoverished nation… Last year, I distributed money equivalent to 3 billion to Korea. Ultimately, the Unification Church must prosper for Korea to prosper. The Unification Church must prosper for Korea to survive. Do you understand? "Yes." For the Unification Church to prosper, the Unification Church in the homeland must also prosper!

When Japanese members come and see your faith, they should kneel down silently, without fidgeting, and they should have something to hold onto. Here, Mr. Moon, in the Unification Church, anyone… There are association presidents, but in front of me, they are all… Why? Even if I am criticized, I have received more criticism than anyone else, and I have worked harder than anyone else for the Unification Church, and I have stayed up more nights teaching than anyone else. From 1957 for seven years, I averaged less than two hours of sleep. Why? Because I knew there was a shocking providence of heaven. That is a sin, a sin. I cannot die even if I want to. If I die, who will love the purpose I loved and who will liberate the world I wanted to liberate? That is why God is surely holding onto me and dealing with me.

So, when someone who communicates with the spiritual world is asked what kind of person Reverend Moon is, they immediately burst into tears. Even Western spiritualists, when they pray, often twist their bellies and cry for the pitiful Reverend Moon. The world may not know, but God knows. When looking at the events that transcend space and time centered around this small man, God is not indifferent. That is why I have survived until now. If it weren’t for that, I would have died, I would have died. Someone with my personality would have died.

Ultimately, because I know God, even if I have something to say, I cannot speak, and even if I want to die, I cannot die. You need to understand this fact. That is why enduring is also to shorten the time for liberation, and being criticized is also to ensure that we will have a day of liberation… Do you understand what I mean? That is how it must be.

Look. Think about what the world that God has not fallen into would be like. There, centered on the True Parents, true children centered on Adam would grow, and true bloodlines would emerge, becoming true descendants centered on true ancestors. The cultural world of that realm is the Adamic cultural world. That world has not come to be, has it? That world is a united world. It is not the chaotic world of today. It is one world. And being united before God’s love cannot be separated.

In today’s fallen world, even a virgin and a bachelor cannot be separated by their parents, and they cannot be separated even if it costs them their lives. Who could separate those united before God’s love in a good world that has not fallen? If that had happened, the body and mind would not be divided. Do you understand? The body and mind are already one. This is all broken.

That is why where should unification take place? It must take place at the 38th parallel. It must start from the 38th parallel of the body and mind. Ultimately, if we can perfect one person, it is because they stand in the same human destiny, and thus the whole can be perfected.

From that perspective, can we approve of the liberation of the communist party? "No." Even if some ideology emerges claiming to revolutionize the world among humans without God, that revolution has nothing to do with God. Do you understand? "Yes." Even if such liberation occurs, if God and religion do not participate in the liberation, the world cannot become a world of peace.

Because we understand this, today the Unification Church must unite with God to carry out the world liberation movement. Even if we cannot do it, we are responsible…
If we suffer greatly, we must be able to hasten that path even if it requires research, and if we cannot achieve it, we must at least become the material for sacrifice. If we fail, it will affect three generations... Otherwise, liberation will absolutely not happen. It cannot be based on any changing philosophy or historical perspective. Liberation must be centered on an unchanging ideology, aligned with God's ideal of creation, and based on the eternal and unchanging principles.

A religious organization that can do this must emerge. God cannot do it alone. Because humans have broken this, and because they have sinned, the parental God cannot bear that responsibility. Isn't that the same in worldly law? If a parent says, "I will take the punishment for my child’s sins," would that be allowed? No, it wouldn't. Therefore, it must be done by humans.

The Unification Church is on a busy path. So when does God cooperate? God wants to cooperate with the human world today but cannot do so. Why? Because humans have invited Satan in. Therefore, humans must fulfill their responsibilities and subdue Satan, standing on the victorious foundation that has not fallen, so that the original God can manage and guide. That is the principle of creation. Until someone can overcome Satan and reach a global standard, God cannot cooperate, which is why liberation of this earth cannot happen today.

Religions must unite and absorb all efforts so that Christianity and religions worldwide can surpass this foundation, only then can God cooperate. That is why God cannot fully support the Unification Church. Teacher Moon has worked tirelessly, risking his life, and so he has been helped. He has pushed through all kinds of persecution without fear, and that is why the Holy Wedding in 1960 was held amidst a battleground. Where else can you find such a wedding?

Thus, we must encompass individuals, families, and tribes to establish a tribal organization for the heavenly kingdom. In this way, the Unification Church is practicing a movement for national organization for God's kingdom on a transnational basis.

What will we do with this? We will liberate the earth. What do we say? "Liberation of the cosmos." Only after liberating the earth can we talk about the liberation of the cosmos. We will also liberate the spirit world. Jesus is not in heaven. I see that he is in paradise. Did Jesus, who came to liberate the earth, succeed in liberating it? No, the work is not finished. Because the work is not finished, he must enter the position of victory, where he can receive love as a son centered on God's love, but he could not enter that position. This is the path of the Unification Church.

Until when will the Unification Church exist? It must continue until the earth is liberated, the spirit world is liberated, and ultimately until God is liberated with a heart of love. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Ultimately, we must liberate humanity, liberate the spirit world, and liberate God. We must liberate God. This may be the first time you are hearing such words, right? We thought God would liberate us, but we must liberate God. We must understand that God is emotionally bound. You understand this, right? You don’t need an explanation? "Yes."

We must recognize that such a heavy mission is placed on the shoulders of a fragile woman today. Even if she wears a skirt and enters a small kitchen to cook simple meals… it is fine to eat with a spoon or with fingers. She must think that she is eating the food for the liberation of humanity. It is okay to wear ragged clothes; it is fine. She must think that she is wearing such clothes on behalf of all people, for the sake of God’s dignity, and that she is living for God. Do you understand? "Yes."

She must hold her child and pray. "This child, as you grow up, do not become a traitor to the nation, but become a saint of the world." She must pray and repent repeatedly… I have been with our baby Yejin and our baby Hyojin for ten years… it is pitiful. As a father and mother, we have met, but now we are in America. Because I come home late, I can only peek at them at night, and then in the morning, there is no time to see them. Always… it is not easy to be a father. I am a sinner. Coming home late, I go into the children's room and hold them and say, "Hey, you will know me. Mom and Dad are not bad parents. We want to be together, but because we understand God's situation, we cannot." I pray and then sleep. It is hard to be a father.

I am now sending missionaries to dozens of countries abroad, living in a house like a palace in East Garden, but that house is not what I need. I want to work in America, but these children do not recognize me, so I cannot. Nowadays, I have two Lincoln limousines, two Benzes, and eight good cars. Why? Because in this capitalist world, you cannot do anything without resources. So, it cannot be helped. It is not for my glory.

I pray without sleeping at night. When the wind blows, I kick off the blanket even while sleeping… I am a sinner, a sinner. "God, there are people who believe in and pray for this teacher of the Unification Church tonight, please do not leave them in a pitiful situation knowing my heart. Since they are pitiful, please strike me." I am a sinner, a great sinner. While walking, when I sit to rest, I complain like a madman, "When can God walk freely on this earth with me, and when can He enjoy being with the pitiful ones of the Unification Church?" This is how I live. I am half crazy, half mad.

Why is that? Because I realized how pitiful God is, because I understood the God who is more miserable than I am. It is the path of filial piety and loyalty to keep God, our parent, in a place where He can receive praise from all people and think of living forever in a dream. You must understand that this is the path of the teacher who hopes for your coming and meeting.

I may not have money to give you, and I may not have power to give you any position, but if you inherit this ideology, you will not perish, you will not perish! I must become the vanguard of the liberation of this earth, and you must become the elite troops, and the Unification Church must not perish. It must not be allowed to perish. If you can raise your hands high and, day and night, with all your sincerity, love your neighbors and relatives as yourselves, knowing that the providence of God's will can unfold step by step through you, then the members of the Unification Church will absolutely not perish. If it does perish, then someone from the Unification Church is a fraud. That is why the path is busy. The path is busy. You must know that even after sleeping, you must repent, and the path of the Unification Church is one where you cannot take a nap. Do you understand? "Yes."

We must present a super-national direction to the world, and the day must come when we can liberate the earth and raise a new flag in the heavenly kingdom, so that heaven can praise that we have won on earth. From that point, the liberation movement of the spirit world will begin, the liberation of the spirit world.

We must liberate the spirit world. We must liberate the hellish spirit world. We must tear down all the walls of countless religions. If unity is not achieved on earth, it will not be torn down. That is why in Matthew 16:19, there is a saying of Jesus: "Whatever you bind on earth will be bound in heaven, and whatever you loose on earth will be loosed in heaven." It must be loosed on earth, on earth. It must be loosed on earth. Since it is bound on earth, it must be loosed where it is bound. Knowing that such a tremendous situation is bound, we see that it has become a problem on earth today. That is why this must be resolved on earth, but many religious people today do not think about this, all wanting to die and go to heaven... These people will never succeed. I have met many well-believing pastors and famous historical figures, and they are all followers, followers. They must carry on God's will, but they are in a pitiful state, focusing on their own desires...

The Unification Church was not established because of someone like Moon. Who was it for? "For God." It was established for the liberation of the earth. Therefore, we must achieve the liberation of heaven and earth, liberation of heaven and earth. And ultimately, we must liberate God, who suffers in this emotional position. When the longed-for son has come, when the family that was sought is here, when the clan that was sought is here, when the nation and all people that were sought are here, then God will finally receive emotional liberation. Because of this, our God will finally be able to smile, dance, and sing. You must understand that.

Do you think that the people living on this earth today have seen God dance with joy until now? Do you think God has sung? Do you think God has lived loving even as a beggar? No. God cannot love a person like a stray dog. God has not yet experienced true love, the ideal love before the fall. Why? Because humans have fallen. Because humans live under the authority of the fall. You must understand that.

What if God could laugh? What would the world be like if He laughed heartily? Would it be chaotic? If God danced, the five oceans and six continents would shake, and this world would turn upside down. Have you seen that? Do you know such historical facts? You must know that God is sad. You must know that God is lonely. You must know that God is in pain. You must know that God is miserable.

We must liberate this God in the emotional world and hold Him, saying, "My son! The original world I was looking for has become like this." We must liberate Him so that He can dance. That is something even God cannot do. By fulfilling the duties of filial piety and loyalty… because it was disrupted by humans, it must be resolved by humans. Do you understand? "Yes." Until then, the Unification Church must not perish.

We must achieve liberation on earth, and then we must achieve liberation in heaven. After that, we must liberate God emotionally. We are at the brink of death. It is hard to believe in the Unification Church. Honestly, it is really hard to believe in the Unification Church. Still, do you want to believe? "Yes." That's just the way it is. You become pitiful like me. Still, is that okay? "Yes." Where are those who say it is still okay? Put your hands down.

We must be the liberation army for the liberation of heaven and earth. When we go to the neighborhood, we must put up a sign that says, "The village of liberation that God desires." Do you understand? When liberating the Republic of Korea, we must understand that the Republic of Korea must become the nation of liberation that God desires. If I go to America, I am fighting to make America the nation of liberation that God desires. Do you understand? "Yes." There will be opposition. There cannot be no opposition. If I die without completing this work, you must write on my tombstone, "The man who pitifully died for the liberation of heaven and earth." When the teacher dies, let’s see how many of you will raise your hands, saying you will carry on this work. Put your hands down.

That is why your path is busy. When you see the photos of your parents or your family in that room, if you have not fulfilled your responsibilities to that family, you must not sleep at night, you must not! When you see the photos of your graduated friends, you must give your all until you have fulfilled your responsibilities before you can look at those photos. If you have not fulfilled your responsibilities, you cannot look at that photo album. That is a serious matter. Just as the communists do all sorts of things to pave their way, we must fiercely multiply each person as God's liberation army. Therefore, we must drive out communism. Centered on Korea in Asia, we must drive out the Chinese and Soviet forces from the northwest and north of the earth. A global movement that can do this has been initiated, but this America has been infiltrated.

Therefore, the three major issues mentioned earlier and the new system for youth must all be addressed; otherwise, the world will not be set right. They are all hit by Satan's poisoned arrows, rotting and festering, so America is in big trouble. However, Reverend Moon has gone, and now… some diplomat says, "Reverend Moon is a problem in America," but the problem is not Reverend Moon; the problem is America itself. America does not realize that Reverend Moon exists to solve America's problems.

Knowing this, do you want to engage in the activities of the volunteer army for the liberation of heaven and earth, or not? "We will." Women, do you want to? "We will." What if your husbands oppose you? "Still, we will." Will you still do it, even if it means abandoning your husbands? "Yes." Then go ahead. Do it. (Laughter) Bring those husbands to me. Everyone must do it.

So we must liberate the Republic of Korea, right? "Yes." We must unify the North and South. In that sense, our women must take the lead. Who caused the fall? "Women." Because women took the lead in the fall, it is the women of the Unification Church who must annihilate all the soldiers of the people, while the men just watch. (Laughter) Why are you laughing? Why are you laughing? That is the principle, the principle. Why are you laughing? "Because we like it..." You like it? Then that is fine. (Laughter)

I will take you and command the young people of the Unification Church around the world. The teacher is serious. This is not a game. Do you understand? "Yes." That is why I have also created a total factory. I have built a military factory for the Republic of Korea. It cannot be done with Christianity. It will ruin everything. I will take the knife and cut open the belly for dissection. So when I go to the mountains, I will catch wild boars and suck their blood through pipes. In the future, even if I have to sacrifice myself, I will do that to all the evil groups. In that sense, I will even eat the offspring of snakes.

That is the kind of man who is filled with resentment. Do you understand? That is why if you want to oppose the Unification Church, you must put your life on the line ten times… not just ten times. If I die, I will make them all submit even in spirit. So do not oppose the established church pastors. What can they oppose if they cannot even put their lives on the line?

Now, our Unification Church women, will you become the liberation army for heaven and earth, or not? "We will." Will you, or not? "We will." Will you, or not? "We will." Will you, or not? "We will." Our men, will you, or not? "We will." Will you lose to women, or win? "We will win." Women, will you lose to men, or win? "We will win." Let’s fight. (Laughter) This fight can go on forever. Even if one or two people die in this fight, I will take responsibility. This kind of fight is perfectly fine.
Sure. I understand… Oh dear, I’m feeling drained too. Should we take a break? “Yes.”  
Now, you will understand. If God has been liberated, that’s enough. What will Teacher Moon do next? After that, I will give everything I have prepared to all of you, and I plan to disappear somewhere alone. Shall we not disappear and live together instead? “Yes.” You all should live better than I do, right? If I am here, can you live better than me? Isn’t that right? If I have made you live well, it doesn’t sit well with me that you are living while I am not. Therefore, you must make it so that you can live better than me, and that’s why I say such things. This is a grateful person, a grateful individual, isn’t it? “Yes, a grateful person.” You seem to know. (Laughter)  
Now, you will generally understand. The Unification Church carries this tremendous mission to liberate even God, who is bound in the world of emotions, because the Unification Church will remain until this is achieved… Even if the nations of the world perish and the religions of the world collapse, as long as the Unification Church holds this ideology as its core thought, I know it will endure until that time. I believe God also knows that such a group is needed and will hold onto them and accompany them until then. How about that? Ah-. “Amen.” Hallelujah!  
<Prayer> Beloved Father! I hear the fierce battles occurring in America every day. I have stopped my busy steps to come here for the sixth time during my tour of Korea.  
Father, I know that the term “liberation of heaven and earth” is a deeply grateful term before You. Jesus also came with this same intention. Among the countless ancestors of faith who have come and gone in the past, many carried this internal heart from heaven but died without being able to speak about it in this evil world, and I know how many historical realities there are of that.  
This poor child stands here. I am sorry, Father, for worrying about me. I clearly remember Your voice advising me when I shed tears. I still do not forget the Father who embraced and loved me when I was struggling in the body of English.  
In the midst of this pitiful path, where I can only look to You, shedding tears of misery, I remember Your voice encouraging me to be strong and courageous, saying, “I am here.”  
No matter how big America is, I know that before You, it is not even as significant as a handful of sand. Even if I am in a position to pour out my blood and dedicate my whole being to You, fearing that America might become a representative nation that abandons the democratic world, I will walk this path, so please be with me, Father.  
Pitiful Father, this Moon Anyoung is not pitiful. Please have expectations for this body. I am still under 60 years old, still full of spirit, and still a vigorous man. Please have expectations for me. I will surely not stop advancing.  
Today, the members of the Unification Church from the Gyeonggi region and a few members in Seoul have gathered here. I know that many members who could not join us are also aware of this. Please comfort them.  
If these people respect this teacher and did not know how desperate and sorrowful he is, I hope that from this moment, they will kneel down, reflect on the past, criticize themselves, and prepare themselves so that they will not be in a position of shame before heaven and tomorrow. I briefly spoke with this hope, so Father, please allow it.  
Father, we must protect the Republic of Korea. It must not perish. Please fulfill Your wishes through the oppressed and chased people of the Unification Church. When we reflect on history, we know that there are historical facts that the oppressed have formed the ranks of revolution and achieved revolutionary tasks.  
Who among them has been welcomed in their time with the holy name of God? I know that it is an excessive honor to be placed in a position where I can be welcomed with a global foundation in my time. Because You were supposed to be in such a position, I earnestly request and hope that the day will come when I can welcome such a Father.  
Now, these people have raised their hands before You, pledging to become the soldiers of heaven and earth’s liberation. Since this is a pledge made before You and not with the teacher, please do not let them betray it. They know that this oath can be left even beyond the peak of life and death, so from now on, may they be able to leave a tradition of loyalty before You, enduring and overcoming even the harshest paths. I earnestly hope and wish for this, Father.  
Father, I hear that all the people of the world are calling for a day of liberation through us. I know that many spirits who have gone to the spirit world are crying out through this poor Unification Church group for their salvation. Moreover, when I think that You are aware of such facts, I am overwhelmed with awe, so please entrust everything to us. Those who are going forth with their lives at stake will not delay, and they will pledge to advance and march forward, so I promise this at this time, and I earnestly ask that You become a Father in whom we can believe and find rest.  
Until now, we did not know, but now we do, so I earnestly ask that You give us hope. We have resolved to become men and women who are not ashamed before the day You have allowed and before Your will, so I earnestly request that You guide us along that path, and I offer all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen.  
<Words> The members in Seoul may not know when we will meet again, but the members in the Gyeonggi region… If we part now… In a few days, the teacher will have to go to America. Soon, I will have to go, and when I do, if the June Yankee Stadium event ends in victory, I might stop by for a moment. Since we will have to hold the Washington event in September, there are many issues that I cannot be absent from, so I might not be able to come. Therefore, I plan to come once in October. It would be even better if I could come in June, but if I come in October, that’s less ideal, but it cannot be helped.  
So, what do we call the teacher returning home in victory? “Golden return.” I hope that the day when we can reflect the glory of a golden return to this national history or in front of this nation will come, and I hope that you will return and fulfill the mission of the liberation army promised today, presenting direction to this nation that does not know the way and presenting content to this nation that does not know the content, achieving unity and harmony to contribute not only to the unification of the North and South but also to the unification of the world. I hope that you will be such individuals and that this country and this nation will become so. I wish you good health as I prepare to leave this place. Do you understand? “Yes.” “Next, we will have a cheer of ten thousand years.” What kind of ten thousand years? Let’s not shout for Teacher Moon, but let’s shout for the liberation of heaven and earth. Now, stand at attention! Long live the liberation of heaven and earth! Ten thousand years! Ten thousand years! (Applause)  
5) The Path of a True Person  
What is the name of this province in the center of Jeollanam-do? “Gwangju.” Gwangju. Do you like Gwangju? Probably, the people of Jeollanam-do like Gwangju the most.  
Among the members gathered here today, let’s see who is seeing the teacher for the first time. Raise your hand. Put it down. I have now traveled across the country, from Busan to Daegu, Daejeon, Cheongju, Chuncheon, Seoul, and now here to Gwangju.  
The characteristics of each province across the country are very different. When you go to Gyeongsang-do, people are blunt. What can I say? When you look at Chungcheong-do, people seem to sit quietly, think, and then speak. Even when they line up, it’s the same… When you go to Gangwon-do, the local color is also distinctly different. There, the mountains are high, and the water is clear, and the people seem to dislike moving.  
But when I come to Jeollanam-do, it is very contrasting. I wonder why they are so lively. Perhaps because their movements are quite agile, they are very quick. This time, when I entered through the door, I thought there would be a problem with a crush incident. So, I stood for a while and watched. (Laughter) Was that a good idea or a bad idea? “It was good.” Ah, when you come to a region, if it’s a county, the people in charge must take responsibility for everything. They have predetermined who sits where, and they stick paper tags to it, and through a lottery for each county, they set everything up in advance so that no one can complain. When it’s set like that… In the end, it’s a commotion because they want to get in first, right?  
Why does the commotion happen? I think, “Ah, those people are trying to get in first.” (Laughter) Is that right, district leader? Is that so? “Yes.” What happens if you get in first? In this small room, does seeing the teacher up close make your nose look like two? (Laughter) If foreigners see this, they won’t be able to handle it. I know this well because I understand foreign matters. If they see it, they would think, “Is that a member of the Unification Church? They still haven’t been educated enough.” Do you understand? “Yes.” It is the responsibility of the leader of the Unification Church to correct what is wrong. Therefore, they must be told when something is not right, even if it’s unpleasant to hear. Is the ear taste good or bad? “Good.”  
Jeollanam-do people do not know Jeollanam-do people well.  
As soon as I see this, it’s my first time seeing it, and if I appear on stage and say, “What is this Gwangju or whatever, and in the end, I just directly stab the heart, what kind of teacher is that!” they might think that. But because I am that kind of teacher, I educate what is not right. Do you understand? “Yes.” From now on, do not do that, okay? From now on? From now on, you won’t do that. You are too clever…  
I say this. I know Jeollanam-do people well, but Jeollanam-do people are sensitive to the feelings of the times. What can I say, they are people who are quite quick to respond to the circumstances of the era. Therefore, how can I say? If we were to compare it to airplanes, they are like jets, very quick. And they are people who absolutely do not want to suffer losses. (Laughter) Is that right? “Yes.”  
Someone from America said that when they went to Jeollanam-do… I’m not trying to criticize Jeolla Province. I’m just talking. Why? Because they do not know themselves well. Jeollanam-do people do not know Jeollanam-do people well. That’s right. They don’t know.  
Koreans do not know themselves well. They just think, “This is a Korean person.” They believe that’s all there is to it, but when foreigners come, they see that there are many things to correct. It is necessary to accept the advice of a third party, and if they do so well, they will develop; if they do not accept it, they will retreat. Isn’t it the same for the Republic of Korea, where you live today? Right now, we are trying to enter a new advanced country status. So, what is an advanced country? An advanced country is a nation that is already ahead. What is ahead? The standard of living is ahead, and the social organization and system are ahead. All traditions and such are not individualistic but are conditions that can be utilized as a whole. That is why backward countries are trying to catch up with advanced countries.  
Therefore, to develop quickly, what must be done? The people must become a nation that can accept things 100% quickly. If they become such a nation, they will develop quickly. Isn’t that right? “Yes.” Similarly, Jeollanam-do people do not know Jeollanam-do people well. This is what people say. It’s not my words. I’ve heard it too. Even if you don’t want to hear it, I’m saying it. They say Jeollanam-do people are good at lying. I don’t know. Are you good at lying? (Laughter)  
And they say that the person who gets deceived by a lie is not bad, but the person who lies is bad. (Laughter) Wow, I thought, “Wow, that’s very clever.” (Laughter) There are those who are above the ones who are lying, and there are those who are above the ones who are lying before they fly… That’s true, isn’t it? Who would be deceived? (Laughter) Who would deceive a Jeollanam-do person?  
I don’t know if it’s true or not, but I heard that. “Ah, they are people who do not want to owe others and try to digest everything so that others owe them.” I think that’s how Jeollanam-do gentlemen are.  
On another note, most Jeollanam-do people did not live well in the past. During the colonial period, most of those who emigrated to Manchuria were Jeollanam-do people. Our house, located in North Pyongan Province, was on the direct road from Seoul to Sinuiju. Our family had a reputation for helping people so much that it was said that even from 20 to 30 li away, people would come to our house. Because of this, the Jeollanam-do gentlemen who passed that road to emigrate to Manchuria would rest at our house and eat. We fed those people at our house.  
What has been passed down from our ancestors to the present in our house is what can be called family education or good customs. The teaching is that those who feed the hungry will never perish. “If you feed people from all over the country, you will receive blessings from all over the country.” We have received such teachings.  
If that is true, if the people of the Republic of Korea feed the people of the world, what will happen to the Republic of Korea? Will it perish? “It will prosper.” (Laughter) That’s the logic. In the past, those who did not live well in difficult living conditions may have been so, but these days, it has become habitual to think only of oneself. Also, being a small ethnic group, they have always been under the rule of great powers, making it difficult to trust people.  
So, the national sentiment that “I must take revenge even if I have to deceive them” can strongly influence their feelings. This can be interpreted in various ways, either generously or critically. Do you understand? “Yes.”  
Jeollanam-do people are sensitive to the times.  
In that sense, I believe that Jeollanam-do people are quite quick to accept the Unification Church. When they quietly observe the Unification Church, they wonder if this church will bring losses or profits. If it seems like a church that will bring profits from childhood, they can easily switch. However, if they come in and find that they are losing even a little, they will quietly drift away. The district leader or special task force leader reports, but many young people in Jeonju are being educated and scattered throughout the countryside… Even though people related to the Unification Church are not coming out right now, there are many who are thinking, “Oh, the teachings of the Unification Church are right; I should go too…”  
Therefore, although our Unification Church branch is small, originally, there are many people from the Unification Church. If we gather them all, the church will be more than enough, and in Jeollanam-do, we can now completely renew Jeolla Province.
I believe that such potential is hidden within. Is that so? "Yes." There will be people who didn't come here but will show up tonight because the teacher is coming. Why is that? It's because they have a keen sense of the times. When I went to the Unification Church, I saw that in a room, there was a rag hanging on the door... That's all part of the teacher's strategy. Do you understand? The reason is that this nation must endure humiliation. It means to endure humiliation. The more people with correct ideologies are humiliated... I think that way. When people with correct and sound ideologies are persecuted in their environment, the more they know they are right, and that there is no other way... When they think what they believe is right, the more they are persecuted and looked down upon, they become not the weak but the strong, the strong. They know that. 

So until now, I have deliberately not provided support from the headquarters. "Suffer! Suffer!" That's what it means. "Even eat a meal!" This is in the world. Who knows the local conditions best in that neighborhood? It's not the village chief. Who knows the local conditions best? It's the person who comes and goes in that neighborhood, eating meals. That person knows the local conditions best. 

Do you understand what that means? Because that person remembers every birthday from the grandparents in that neighborhood to the birthdays of the children, who is that person? "A beggar." (Laughter) And who is the person who knows the feast days in that neighborhood the quickest and is waiting for them? "A beggar." (Laughter) More than the bride and groom, who is it? "The beggar." (Laughter) When a new guest comes into that neighborhood, who knows right away? It's the beggar. Why? Because when guests come to that house, they will catch a chicken and need to go eat chicken soup. 

If a beggar appears and receives the respect of the nation, then from this perspective, the beggar is always interested in important issues and is observing everything. That beggar will note in their notebook, "That house will prosper!" Even if I am a beggar, I will circle it. If I say, "That house will fail!" then that is certain. Therefore, the theory that "Those who treat beggars well will be blessed" is established. (Laughter) Was that right? "Yes." 

That is why I tell our Unification Church members, "You, act like a beggar." It means to walk the path of hunger. It means to remember all the birthdays of everyone from the grandfather's sixtieth birthday to everyone's birthday in that neighborhood. What is that for? To properly lead that neighborhood in the future, one must become a beggar. By appearing as a beggar and being treated as a beggar, when one appears as a person respected by the nation, they can completely revolutionize that nation. They can achieve a hundred percent revolution. Do you understand? "Yes." 

When they realize, "I thought they were a beggar, but they are higher than our grandfather, I thought they were a beggar, but they are higher than our village chief, I thought they were a beggar, but they are a higher person than our county governor!" at that point, they can completely revolutionize that village. Is that right? "Yes." 

So until 1975, I made all the Unification Church members suffer. Even in those difficult times, while everyone else tried to take the easy path and left the church, I pushed them to the end, saying, "Even if I die, I will die for this path." Now, I think it is time to stop. The Unification Church must now lay a global foundation and establish international prestige, and it is time to establish national prestige, so from now on, I will support them, build churches, set up phones, and then provide cars. People who couldn't live well need to experience a better life to relieve their grievances. Isn't that right? "Yes." 

When I say I will buy cars, they are happy. (Laughter) That could be the case. The teacher is someone who can always move money to buy hundreds of cars. Do you understand? "Yes." 

In one year, the teacher built hundreds of churches. When you go to the local area and see our churches built in a special way, they are lovely, aren't they? "They are lovely." Those who have suffered will shed tears just by looking at those churches. Our church leaders will feel the same way. To go to the Unification Church, one must endure humiliation, especially around the cities... I know it well. That's why I walk around with a joyful heart. I made it that way. 

These children, let's see how the world turns out. They thought I was just a passing beggar, but I am someone who wears a badge. Do you have someone who wears a badge? "A secret royal inspector." I don't know if it's a secret royal inspector or what. (Laughter) It's the same. Therefore, today our members... I know the situation in Jeolla-do very well. If I trace back all the neighborhoods I investigated in the past, I can know everyone in each neighborhood. I know all the heads of organizations, who is real and who is fake in each organization. I know who the true patriots are and who the people this country truly needs are. 

Because we have been active nationwide, if I say, "Where are the people who went to Gwangju in Jeollanam-do?" and gather those people, I can know who they are. Do you understand? "Yes." Through such activities, I learned how the nation is doing, and since I have laid a foundation, now we must establish our face. A person named Moon has now become famous. He has become famous even in Korea, right? The established church pastors are going crazy saying they can't stand it because I have become famous. (Laughter) 

The Unification Church has developed while being scorned, while the established church has failed while being scorned. Why do Koreans do that? I am not someone who wanted to become famous in Korea. "Pastors, all become famous." That's why for 30 years, people heard rumors about me, but no one had seen me. You have seen me, right? "Our teacher looks like this." But ordinary people thought Teacher Moon was living in some kind of mystery. I am not someone living in a dream. I am someone who lives with theoretical, realistic, scientific judgment and measurement. I live with a grand plan on how to deal with the political situation in Korea, the Asian situation, or the world situation, but I hear all kinds of nonsense. I have taken on all the bad things in the world. 

I have even been called the leader of the Baekbaekgyo (White White Church). I have also been called the person responsible for the international communist party in Korea. (Laughter) I have even been labeled a representative who dances naked. Have you ever seen someone dance naked? (Laughter) In this way... "The talented ones have been acting like adults for 30 years, and the great ones have done everything they wanted, but in the end, didn't it fail?" What is the state of the established church? It is destined to fail. It is going to fail. Just as the teacher predicted, it has indeed failed. So, inevitably... 

Even while failing, a beggar, even while wearing clothes like rags, will bite if someone tries to take that away. Do you understand what I mean? That didn't work either. Even if it is a shoe they would throw away ten miles away, if someone tries to take off the beggar's shoe, they will resist. They think that is the best. The established church is the same. They think what they believe is the best. When the Unification Church tries to take it off, they say, "Oh, I don't like it!" So, "When the time comes to take it off, I will take it off. When I take it off, I will prepare a better set of clothes to give them." That is what I am preparing. Now, I will prepare a better set of clothes for each of them and take it off. 

If they receive a salary of 100,000 won, and I give them 150,000 won? (Laughter) It will change, right? If I build brick houses for pastors living in shanties, will that change? "Yes." So, let's wait until then. Now is the time for that. If I just put in the money, I can take all of this back. But in religion, you cannot buy people with money. That's why I am worried. I have the power to do that. I have grown while being scorned, while they have failed while being scorned. Who did well? (Laughter) I have built a global foundation while being scorned. 

This talk, since it came up, is not to boast. Since the talk of Jeolla-do has come up, let me say one more thing. In America, there is no one among Americans who does not know Reverend Moon. If they don't know, they are friends with wild boars or people digging holes. (Laughter) People who listen to the radio and watch television... There is no place in the country where the waves do not reach. They have been broadcasting every day for several years, how could they not know? Because of this, I have become famous. Is being famous good? "Yes." I don't like it. (Laughter) I don't like it. Now, wherever I go in the world, whether in Europe or anywhere else, there is no one who does not know the Unification Church. However, there must be something worthy of such rumors. I have laid that foundation. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Now, if I need money, I am someone who can send a telegram and pull in tens of billions of won at once. Wouldn't it be good to help Jeolla-namdo? (Laughter) What do you think? Would it be good to help or not? "Please help." (Laughter) What are you mumbling about? (Laughter) The Unification Church, which the teacher suffered through, the ugly Unification Church, the persecuted Unification Church, the Unification Church that is like a thorn in people's eyes, the Unification Church that people would throw into the neighborhood trash can, that was the Unification Church. I know that well. However, I wish the Unification Church could be treated as a church with such content, but it is not. If it receives such humiliation due to the heavenly mission of bringing the heavenly messenger's mission to the earth, then this nation will perish. 

If you are to go down, go down with the strength to rise up with a stronger force than that which pushes you down. 

To move the world in the future, you need to move the academic world, the media, and the economy. Until now, I have pushed the Unification Church forward. You know the big rubber ball, right? When you push a rubber ball, the more you push it, the more it rolls sideways; that is a useful rubber ball. Likewise, it is living proof. The world is all turning. We have now anchored in 123 countries. Because we have placed missionaries from the United States, Japan, and Germany in each country, if I just give the order to send $100,000 to the mission department in each country, that money will be sent. 

In this way, I plan to deposit $300,000 every month and create bank branches for the Unification Church in all countries. Wouldn't that be good? (Laughter) Why are you laughing? Are you laughing because it's strange, or are you laughing because you like it? (Laughter) "I'm laughing because I like it." I am preparing that. Next, I am preparing to create news agencies like AP, UPI, and Reuters to take over the world media. After that... 

In the future, that's how it is. To move the world, you must move the economy, then the media, and then the academic world. You must understand that if you move these three fields, you can cook the world and still have more to spare. You must have heard rumors. Unified Science, last November, I gathered scholars from 60 countries and held an international scientific unification conference. 

Do you know what universities are in Gwangju? "Chosun University and Jeonnam University." There are Chosun University and Jeonnam University, but many famous people who cannot be found in those universities gathered. People who have won the Nobel Prize and other authoritative figures from around the world gathered 350 people and held a big feast in New York. This has already passed four years and is entering the fifth year, and by the sixth year, I will know no scholar in the world. There will be no famous scholars I do not know. 

Along with that, we are strengthening our university principle research organization globally and trying to unite with these people. To cook the world, there is nothing else. We must influence the university world. Depending on who moves this global university world, the question of who will lead the world in the future arises. And depending on who moves the media and the economy... If that person is Japanese, then the Japanese will move the world. If that person is Korean, then the Korean will open the way to move the world. 

Why is that? Because there is a global foundation. Do you support Teacher Moon doing such things? "Yes." People from Jeolla-do like you should try it once. "Oh, Teacher Moon, please don't do it. I will do it once." Then I will yield and hold back. (Laughter) You don't want to lose to others, do you? Will you try it once? "No." No? Will you leave it to me? Then if that happens... The people of Jeolla-do will use diplomatic means to say, "I will be the owner!" (Laughter) Is that right? "No." 

The person in charge must be taught clearly. 

The reason I am saying this is to evaluate the people of Jeolla-do while I am here.
It's not that. Since we are all family, if there is something wrong, we should acknowledge it. If there is something to be ashamed of, we should admit it. This is why I am saying this; because the person in charge must be clearly taught. People from Jeolla-do do not understand each other. They do not know what it means to be ashamed. However, when a third party sees a person from Jeolla-do, they all... As a guest here, I am speaking to you in this way not with bad intentions, but as a good-natured recommendation. If you understand this and accept it gratefully, you will receive blessings, and if you do not accept it, you will face punishment. (Laughter)

Has it been about 10 minutes since I started advising you? During that time, we have become quite close, haven't we? When people listen and laugh, they quickly become friends. (Laughter) The reason I am saying this is that when I first appeared, I said, "Today, I will talk about this and that!" (Laughter) Instead of doing that, I should sprinkle some seasoning and prepare the dish. And what do we need to do? We should drink kimchi soup and eat rice. We need to eat rice. If we say we are too hungry to drink kimchi soup first, it will choke us. (Laughter)

If I come as a teacher and start talking nonsense, saying something like, "What a mess, what a foolish and stiff person, like a twisted stick," that would not be good, so I tried to have this private conversation. (Laughter) Is it good or bad? "It's good." Is that so? "Yes." I think people from Jeolla-do catch on quickly. People from Jeolla-do are witty because they are good at reading others' feelings and catching on quickly. They know the situation well, don't they? "Yes."

Therefore, since the teacher has spoken so much, you should now understand what the teacher's situation is. Right? "Yes." Why are my lips chapped like this? You see, you know, right? They are chapped here too. Do people from Jeolla-do have sympathy or not? "They do." Does a person from Jeolla-do have sympathy? (Laughter) Do they have sympathy? "Yes." Really? "Yes."

After speaking for several hours in Busan, my throat became hoarse and my lips chapped... Now, since Gwangju is a place where bright sunlight shines, I sincerely wish to take a little break and unintentionally take a nap in the cool breeze, how about that? "No." (Laughter) That won't do. Look, do you want to be in this bright Gwangju during a dark night? You want to break out and go outside, right? Speaking of which, what is this Mt. Mudeung? There is a song about going for a spring outing in the first spring, so why not go for a spring outing? How about it? "That sounds good." Don't you like going for a walk outside? "We do." If you walk for about an hour and a half, I would take three hours to get there, so I will just turn back. (Laughter) I have a set time to go to Jeonju.

So, do the sympathetic people of Jeolla-do sympathize? (Laughter) Is that how it is? If we say we should do it that way, then that's how it will be. If we decide now, that’s how it will be. Shall we do it or not? Shall we do it or not? "Let's not." I don't understand what that means. (Laughter)

So what time is it now? It’s already eleven o'clock. I have said a lot in other places, but in Gwangju, just a glance is enough to understand everything... (Laughter) Shall we just talk for a few more minutes? "I wish you would talk for two hours." It’s all good, but if something is too good, it can be overwhelming.

So let’s agree to talk for about an hour in Gwangju. "That’s too short." Since it’s eleven o'clock, if I talk until twelve o'clock, it will be quite helpful for me too. Then when I go back to the U.S., I will say that this Korean tour lecture was the most impressive in Gwangju, and that the people of Jeolla-do were the best. (Laughter) Already, in other places, there are many ignorant people, but if Gwangju is clever and quick-witted, how much would they admire Gwangju? Is that bad? Do you dislike that? "No, we like it." Then that’s settled.

Let’s set it for an hour and see how it goes. I can talk for ten hours, or I can talk for one hour. (Laughter) Do you understand? I have the ability to manage time. So let’s just talk for one hour. Did we make a promise? "Just a little more, please." (Laughter) Did we make a promise? "Yes, we didn’t." Did we make a promise? "Yes, no." No? "Yes." How many hours would you like? "I think we should talk for about three hours because it takes me a while to understand." (Laughter) So I will speak simply and straightforwardly without complicating things. (Laughter) If I elaborate too much, you won’t catch on. If I talk for about ten minutes, I will cover the main points.

Would you like to be treated like everyone else? "Yes." "The more, the better." (Laughter)

There is a record of me talking for up to twelve hours. During my speech, I absolutely cannot leave the room. (Laughter) So later, after six or seven hours, what might happen is... (demonstrating) (Laughter) I might end up saying, "Oh dear." (Laughter) Just recently, I spoke for eight hours in London, and it was quite something. In fact, that would be rude. But I can’t help it.

I don’t have time to come back again, and I must say everything I need to say, so I have no choice... If that happens, such things could occur. I have been living my life selling words. (Laughter) I have been going around the U.S. and the world selling my words. Wouldn’t I have something to say? Coming to a place like Gwangju, I have plenty to share. If I let it all out, there would be all sorts of colorful stories. So I can’t share everything; I will just share a little bit.

Since I am not a true person, I must walk the path to become a true person.

Now let’s start talking. Let’s go with the flow of time and just see how we feel. (Laughter) So what should we talk about today? Should we talk about God, about people, about animals, or about the world? "About God..." "Everything." (Laughter) What does "everything" mean? When you go to a Chinese restaurant, you should eat little by little from the beginning; if you try to eat everything at once, you won’t be able to eat and will end up with a stomachache. (Laughter)

Compared to people, God is also another. Animals are also another. Everything is someone else's business. However, since we are people, it is best to talk about people. Do you understand? Because there are people, we can discuss God, and because there are people, we can talk about society and the world. Isn’t that right? "Yes." So today, I have chosen the title "The Path of a True Person." What does it mean to walk the path of a true person? It means to become a true person. Ultimately, it can also mean being a true person.

From now on, we are not yet true people, so we are in a position where we must become true people, so let’s talk about "The Path of a True Person." "Yes."

The young students here, studying English, must be feeling quite... If you are a student attending school, you must be feeling that studying is quite tough. Isn’t that right? "Yes." Do you like studying English? You all feel that way, right? If you look at this human world, Koreans speak Korean, Japanese speak Japanese. How small and far apart we are... Now Chinese people speak Chinese, and Soviet people speak Soviet languages. When we talk about real Koreans, Koreans speak Korean, Japanese people speak Japanese, Chinese people speak Chinese, and Soviet people speak Soviet languages, all in this way. 

When you look at this, everything is different. And also, the way of life is all different. Jeolla-do, Gyeonggi-do, Hamgyeong-do, they all differ. Don’t they? When you see this... Look. When you see a magpie flying over a hill, does the sound it makes differ from the magpie in Korea, the one in Japan, and the one in America? Does the sound of a crow differ? "No, it’s the same." When you see a sparrow, I thought there were no sparrows in America, but there are sparrows there too. They look the same and chirp the same. I thought American cows were different from Korean cows, that they moo differently, but they are all the same. The same goes for foals and sheep; they are all the same.

So why is it that only people have different languages? Moreover, as I have become a leader of the Unification Church and face the real issue of having to manage people from all over the world, I find that language is a barrier. If language had not divided since the time of Gojoseon and had remained one, it would have been easier for me to work. I could also easily mix people from around the world and arrange marriages... Do Jeolla-do girls want to marry foreigners? Do you want to, or not? (Laughter)

If the language were the same, marriage would not be a problem. Once people get attached, it’s all the same. After all, what is there to see in Korean men? (Laughter) They look like dark-skinned cousins; what’s so special about that? No matter how you look at it, that’s it. (Laughter) However, Western men are handsome. There are some men who are so handsome that I am captivated. I consider myself a decent man, but when I see a handsome man, is he a good-looking man or not? "He is good-looking." So when women see him, they close their eyes and say, "Oh my!" (Laughter) It would be quite a headache.

If there were such a man, wouldn’t our girls want to marry him? I’m not talking to the older women. (Laughter) If a person who calls himself a teacher comes and says to marry a Western man, that would be a misunderstanding. I am speaking to the young ladies here. This is the age of the world. Why should we limit ourselves to marrying within the neighborhood, from Kim’s village to Lee’s village? When I go back home, I imagine, "I will cross the Pacific Ocean and take a jumbo jet... and land at the airport." (Laughter) Then I would take my parents in my car.

What would happen to the neighborhood then? It would create a big problem if I lived like that. What is it to go back and forth from Lee’s village to Kim’s village? It’s like walking along the rice paddies or the narrow paths. (Laughter) What is a plane? What do you see? You would only see a sickle or a hoe. What’s so glorious about that? Life is precious, so once you are born, don’t you want to live beautifully? After listening to my words, you might feel that way, right? "Yes." The quiet girls don’t respond, but the more outspoken girls say, "Yes!" (Laughter) Now, if the language were the same, how convenient would that be? And if the way of life were the same, how convenient would that be? This is something to consider for your descendants as well. 

In today’s world, what is the most difficult thing for the current government? South Korea must pave the way for the world in the future, but the most serious issue here is the problem of diplomats. That is why the Ministry of Education is hoping that each university will establish foreign language colleges to prepare for this.

When we look at this, other animals and beasts have had countless years of history, yet their languages remain the same. Why have humans become like this? That is the problem. Also, even though all humans are the same, why have their ways of life changed? There is Korea and Japan, but wouldn’t it be wonderful if all countries became one? Isn’t that right? I live here on the Korean Peninsula, but I can go anywhere that is comfortable to live... Now that there are many planes, I could fly to a beautiful country like South America and live there. When you travel the world, there are many beautiful places.

Korea is blessed with fortune.
However, no matter where you go, nothing is as beautiful as Korea. Korea is the best, right? "Yes." Since I was born in such a beautiful land, even if Koreans are not the most handsome, they do not fall behind compared to people from other countries. Does that make you feel a bit better? "Yes." When you travel around Southeast Asia or all of Asia, you will find that Koreans are the best. But I am not saying this based on people like you. Am I using myself as a standard? (Laughter) No, I am using someone better as a standard. Why do you keep laughing? 

When I look at the whole picture, I have traveled to dozens of countries, so I believe I have the ability to evaluate and critique the international landscape. You should trust that. Do you understand? "Yes." When someone like me travels around Southeast Asia or the Asian region, I find that the best-looking people are Koreans. Therefore, Korea will receive blessings in the future. Korea will surely have fortune on its side. The fate of Asia will surely move through Korea, and once the foundation is laid to move Asia, it will lead to the fortune to move the world. Ultimately, the reason Korea has come to be like this is all because God has helped. Do you understand? "Yes." It is not because someone did well, but because fortune has been with us.

Isn’t that true for President Park? People say our country is lucky, right? When weighing the complex issues surrounding the Vietnam situation, looking at the various challenges... People say he is lucky, right? "Yes." Do people from Jeolla-do dislike the current government? Don’t they? "Yes, they disliked it." If they disliked it, do they like it now? They should like it; they shouldn’t dislike it. "I realize now that I shouldn’t dislike it." Is that so? (Laughter) Look now. Moreover, President Park is not living alone, is he? He lost his wife in such an unjust manner... This is a tragic situation for the country. (Someone in the audience says something) Why is that? (Laughter) That old lady didn’t come to listen; she came to speak. (Laughter) You should think of President Park as a pitiful person. If you listen to the words of a pitiful person with sympathy, you might receive blessings.

When enemy countries send missionaries, it is to create one world.
When we think about it, do Unification Church members truly long for the world to unite in a meaningful way? "Yes." Is that really so? "Yes." Therefore, languages must also become one. Furthermore, people of different races must unite in love. The more complicated the countries are, the more they will assert their borders, and that will lead to big problems. We must create one world. Is that a bad thought or a good thought? "It’s a good thought." 

The thought is good, but is it an easy task or a difficult one? "It’s a difficult task." How difficult is it? How difficult is it? God has been leading humanity up to now...
It came out slowly, and even though it has been manipulating humanity from behind, there are those who say they will do what even the omnipotent God could not do. These are the followers of the Unification Church. Is that something possible or impossible? "It is possible." Really? Those who think that way would not easily answer. It is impossible, it is impossible. However, even though it is impossible, there can be answers that suggest it could be possible. How? By making them one. No matter how you do it, if you make them one, it can happen.

So, the person leading the Unification Church, a certain Mr. Moon, is thinking, "We need to create a movement to make friends with the people of enemy nations." He is thinking about making friends with the people of enemy nations.

Thus, this time, he sent three missionaries to each country: one from Germany, one from Japan, and one from the United States. He sent people from these three countries. All these nations were enemies centered around the United States thirty years ago. Because he sent these people, surely the German and Japanese people will unite and attack the Americans... These three nations are living in one house. Just like the Germans and Japanese united to attack the United States in the past, we will see if these two factions that have entered the Unification Church will unite to attack the Americans or not. There is a risk of that.

While sending them, he said, "You Germans and Japanese, although the Americans are your enemies, as long as you love each other as Germans and Japanese, love the Americans!" He sent them off with that instruction. Now, I am watching how they are doing, and they listen to my words very well. The followers of the Unification Church, you see. It is possible.

It was the same when they were active in America. When I had to correct all of America, I took many Germans and Japanese with me and told them, "You have come to the enemy's country, but you did not come to destroy the enemy's country; you came to help establish and pioneer a new country. So, do what you were doing in Japan and Germany. Show the American people that you Germans and Japanese can be trusted, and establish a tradition. If you cannot establish a tradition within three years, it will be a big problem." So, I made them work day and night.

I made the Japanese and Germans suffer for America, but they did it all without complaint. The difficult tasks of the American church were all handled by the Japanese and Germans, and unless they were like stones, they began to be impressed, saying, "How can they do that? How can they do that?" Thus, they thought, "Our America has won against the Japanese and Germans, so we also have strength. Even though we came out with pride as a leading nation in the world, we cannot be in a position to lose to the Japanese or Germans. Now, we must unite even more and support those people!" So they are saying, "Please entrust us with all the tasks that those people are doing." In this way, the Americans are not taking away in a bad sense; they have all received the transfer.

As this happens, what unfolds is that the young people of the enemy nations have been able to love the people of the enemy nations more than just as patriotic citizens, establishing an emotional foundation. This is an amazing fact. Do you understand? "Yes." When I see this, I think, "Ah, it seems that having the ideology of the Unification Church has the potential to create oneness." I have only now begun to believe it. Do you understand? "Yes." Is that good news or bad news? "Good news."

The reason people have changed is due to the conflict between body and mind. The world has different cultures, lifestyles, languages, thoughts, and paths, so what will happen to this world? As we go on, we will forever confront each other, and there can be no country without war. Furthermore, humanity will inevitably groan in suffering, and such a world cannot be a world of peace or happiness, nor can it come to be. Therefore, we must seize this opportunity and carry out a strong digestion process of absorption as a new system. This is what the Unification Church is trying to do now. Do you understand?

When looking at these various issues, why has it changed like this? When we dig into the fundamental question of whether it has changed, fundamentally, it is not that our ancestors' words were different. The ancestors of America are also our ancestors, and the ancestors of Japan are also our ancestors. It is the same. Right? At the very top, we all go back to one grandmother and grandfather.

But why has it changed? It has changed because of fighting, because of war. The Bible says that when they were building the Tower of Babel, they all became divided. That is certainly a valid point, but the reason is that it was divided because of fighting. Why? When brothers fight, if the older brother says he is rice, the younger one says he is a stone, and he does not listen to what the older brother says, nor does he want to wear the same clothes. What does this mean? It means that the division of culture and language began from wars and all these broken situations.

Where does that motivation lie? It lies in disputes. All these miserable historical results have arisen from disputes. Of course, it could also happen because of good feelings, but that is incorrect. You see, even these days, the words used in a gang's den are different, right? That is to deceive a generation and ruin a generation, and the direction shifts back and forth from various discriminative, confrontational, and disputatious situations. So, in the military, each division has different codes, right? If you unravel all the codes, it becomes meaningful. What is that? It is because they do not want the other side to know. Therefore, when we look at all these issues, we are living in the present age as humans who directly witness the miserable historical results caused by disputes, and everyone thinks that we must eliminate all of this. Do you understand? "Yes."

Then why has this happened? It is because of disputes. It is because of fighting. Did original humans start from fighting? That is the question. No, they did not. When we look at humans themselves, we see that we are born in a position where body and mind are in opposition. Right? "Yes." Is your body and mind united or opposed? Are your body and mind united? Are they opposed? "They are opposed." They are united, why? They are united. Body and mind are united. "No." What is not? They are united! "No." Then what? What does that mean? "They are opposed." Speak up. What is this? When you realize it is a fact, you should be able to assert it. The people from Jeolla Province would say that is wrong. If it is a little unfavorable, they would say like this... (laughter) Not the teacher, not the father, but even the grandfather must be strong in truth. That is how it should be.

Body and mind are united. "They are two." No, they are united. "They are two." They are united! "No." (laughter) If you teach, who cannot do it? (laughter) "Originally they are united, but they have become divided, so they are two." Well, that is why they are not united. Is that not just saying the same thing in different ways? (laughter) Now, everyone, does it feel good to live with that division? "No." Does it really feel good? "No." Does it not feel good? "Yes." Now, if you say that, you would say, "It does not feel good," right? Did you think that way in the past too?

If you thought that way, did you ever pound your chest and say, "Why are you fighting?" Did you live like that? "Yes." (laughter) A person who can do that is someone worthy of respect. (laughter) A thinking person. "Why is there this fight between the heart and body, my children! My children!" Did you ever think like that? If the neighborhood kids start fighting, you would go out and say, "Hey, hey, hey, don't fight!" Even if the neighborhood adults are fighting, you would go out and stop them and scold them... But the biggest fight is the one happening inside me. It is bigger than the neighborhood, bigger than the country, bigger than the world, and yet I do not realize that the fight inside me is the biggest. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."

Where is the solution to the fight between body and mind? Who will stop this fight? This has been a historical issue that has gone through thousands of years since the time of our ancestors, but even though history and culture have developed, today, in a communist way of speaking, they say that conscience also undergoes dialectical development. If that logic is true, can our mind and body ever unite? No, they cannot. It is eternally in opposition, eternally.

If they were to unite once, if they could be tied together so that they could not be separated, they would unite forever. This fight has been ongoing from eternity to eternity, right? Is that not so? "Yes." Who will resolve this fight? Who will take responsibility for this fight? "The Father must take responsibility." What will the Father take responsibility for? The grandfather must take responsibility. (laughter) Who can sign the peace treaty to end this fight? Where is such a nation? Where is such a saint? If God exists, why has He not resolved this until now? These and other issues are fundamentally big problems.

The division of the 38th parallel, the division of the North and South, did not occur there; it occurred in the hearts of humans. Since such things were established in the heart, the results bear fruit. Right? "Yes." You reap what you sow. The people of the emotional world and the people of the physical world are in opposition, and this phenomenon has been unfolding in the environment... As humans have gradually unfolded what they have sown, now that we have entered the world era, when we gather everything together, what is it? It is the democratic world centered on the perspective of the mind. The democratic world, the world of the perspective of the mind, has borne fruit as a result of the manifestation of the emotional world. "Yes." The perspective of the mind is a perspective centered on the heart. Then, centered on the perspective of materialism, as a person centered on the body, the world of communism has formed as a cohesive global form.

So where will this be resolved? Today, even if America does its diplomatic and military policies well, it is impossible. This is already a failure, a failure. Even if the Soviet Union has conquered the democratic world and won, as long as it cannot unite the body and mind, the Soviet Union itself will also divide again. Do you think that is possible or not? "It is possible." It is indeed possible. It will definitely happen.

Look. Even now, if the Soviet Union practices communism, it is globalism. Even though it is globalism, in 1957, the Sino-Soviet dispute began, and now, with any strategy or policy, it has become impossible to correct this and unite. The path to unity has entered the realm of delusion. What does that mean? It means it is destined to divide. Do you understand? "Yes."

Where is the solution to this problem, the base for peace? It is neither America nor the Soviet Union. You must understand that. Where is the base for peace? It is nowhere. It is not America, and it is not the Soviet Union. Where is the problem? The problem lies in my heart, where these two... How can I have a cosmic view of peace and a worldview of happy peace in this human heart where body and mind are fighting? That is an extremely important issue.

God, who established religion to resolve the issue of fighting, has been guiding us. Therefore, those who think have thought about these issues centered on these problems. From that, philosophy has emerged, and to propose solutions to these problems, religion has come forth, leaving a historical organizational form, which we know. Do you understand? "Yes." This is a fundamental issue. Then, why has this happened? Is it because humans have been like this since birth, or has it been like this since before birth? That is the question.

If humans have been like this since before birth, there is no hope. For such humans to have hope is mere empty talk, nothing more than a delusion. If it has been like this since before birth, it is eternally so. Do you understand? "Yes." However, if it has been like this after birth, there is a possibility. Do you understand? This is a malfunction. It is a sickness, you see. The ability to embrace two people that one does not want does not align with theory.

Why does it not align with theory? Because humans are ultimately beings of results. Humans are born due to some motivation, and there must be a subject that contains two causal contents among the causal beings. If that is the case, it cannot resolve the fight between the two resultant worlds. It is absolutely impossible.

However, the causal being is one, one. Even though the causal being is one, the fact that it has become two... When it is broken, it can be repaired. If any causal being is God, and if that God is absolute, then the thoughts of that God must be absolute, and the purposes must also be absolute. It must be one, one. Can it be two? "No." There can only be one. The purpose must also be one, and the direction of that purpose must also be one. This is theoretical.

If there is a God with a motive that must be one, that God can exist as the center of the universe. However, if such a God has become a form of conflict, like the fundamental nature of our humanity, then that God is not needed before humanity. That is a delusional God, not a God of peace. This is where we are heading.

Therefore, if we speak of the absolute God in Korean, we say God, and because the thoughts and ideals of that God are one, if He created humans with body and mind being two... This concludes that they cannot be complete and are imperfect. If you think that way, there is no contradiction in the logic formation. Do you understand? "Yes." This is high-level talk that I brought up for no reason. Do the young ladies understand? In any case, listen.

If the absolute God created such beings, He would have done so based on one thought and one absolute purpose. Therefore, there cannot be humans who fight like this. Always, from a unified beginning, through a unified process, the absolute being desires a unified conclusion. (Drinks water) This is an important point, so I made you think about it while drinking water.

But why has it come to this? Are fighting beings non-legal beings or normal beings? Are they passable beings or unpassable beings? "They are unpassable beings." No matter how you look at it, recognizing that this is an unpassable being means that everything in this world is correct. However, if this is not an unpassable being and is a passable being, then it is strange, and everything is in vain. The Unification Church and everything else are all wrong. They are all heretical. Everything is madness.
are engaged in play. Do you understand? "Yes."  
If there is an absolute being who knows that the results have turned out this way, it means that there must be a play to repair this during the historical era. Along with history, with the beginning of human life, there must be a common part centered on a higher spiritual dimension, which influences the development of human cultural history through relative relationships. What is that movement? It is religion, religion. Do you understand? There has not been a single person who has not believed in religion from ancient times to the present. Nowadays, people say they do not believe in religion... People who do not believe in religion seem admirable, right? Think about whether those people are truly admirable.  
Through religion, which has not changed for thousands of years, the unity of body and mind is possible. From this perspective, if God exists, He does not establish religion or philosophy. Philosophy cannot discuss the absolute fixity regarding God. The logic of philosophy could change according to the changing historical era, but it cannot present an ideal type based on a fixed foundation. No matter what conclusion is drawn, it is not certain. Theoretically, it evolves. Then what about religion? It may not be theoretical, but it is vague and moves towards a single purpose.  
History does not change just because it changes, nor does it change just because political ideologies change. Religion alone has a history that has not changed for thousands of years. Isn't that strange? And yet, it continues to expand its global influence according to the times.  
Everyone, isn't it so now? The Middle East refers to the Islamic cultural sphere, and Western society refers to the Christian cultural sphere. India refers to the Hindu cultural sphere, and the East refers to the cultural sphere centered around Confucianism, Buddhism, and Taoism. All of these are encompassed within the framework of religious cultural spheres. That is a historical fact. Then who did this? It was not humans. What united everything with religion as a background? It was not humans. The center of religion, the subject of religious purpose, the subject of faith is God, God. Who has been working to encompass humanity by expanding the global scope through religions that believe in God? Humans have cooperated, but it can be concluded that God has been orchestrating behind the scenes.  
What will be done with that? Religion will become one, and eventually, we will enter into one world. What is the first solution to entering one world? Today, the issue of unification arises. Do you understand? The unification issue. How can we unify what is not united in mind and body? This unification issue must be resolved. Otherwise, we cannot correct the separated positions that have appeared as a result of the motivation that should be realized through the absolute standard of God, who is the original subject and cause. It has become difficult to articulate. Do you understand what I mean?  
In the end, what I have said so far is that the world has become this way because humans have fallen ill and deteriorated. Therefore, ultimately, after this end, before entering into one world, what must be done is to create a unity where the body and mind are in conflict. Do you understand? The content is simple.  
From that perspective, who will achieve unification? It is not the philosophers. Do you understand? It is not the scientists. Who must do it? It can only be achieved through a religious foundation centered on God. Why? Because it can directly connect with the cause. Through that cause, a process of relational connection is established, and the historical foundation has been laid out in terms of individuals, families, tribes, nations, and the world, which is why it is believed that this is only possible through a religious foundation.  
In today's end times, what kind of church should emerge? There are various denominations in the religions that have existed until now, and it is said that we cannot have such a church. Based on this principle... Because the backgrounds of societies, nations, and cultures are different, in order to organize and lead them into one, God has established these various religions as a method. Therefore, in the end, the final religion is one.  
From this perspective, the motivation for advocating the Unification Church arises from the recognition of the need for the Unification Church at this point in time. The conclusion that religion must be unified has led to the emergence of the Unification Church on this planet. Do you understand this? "Yes." Do you comprehend? "Yes."  
Humans who have two minds due to the fall.  
So what must the Unification Church do? It aims to unify all of Christianity. This is not something that can be achieved with force. It must be created from the heart. Thus, in the world, there are people of the heart and people of the body. In this world, there are people who stand on the side of the heart and people who stand on the side of the body. In other words, there are two types of people: those who live for the material side and those who move towards the spiritual side. Do you understand? "Yes."  
Our bodies are like that. Therefore, the globally unified form centered around the people of the heart is the world of religion, while the external forms of states or societies equipped with material and scientific aspects are the external world. Do you understand? "Yes." However, looking at the historical process until now, what kind of play has been performed? External states or politics have always suppressed religion. Isn't that right? "Yes." They have suppressed religion. "You, this guy! A religion representing a conscientious position must not rise to the top!" Why has this happened? What is the reason for the suppression of religion until now? It is because, due to the fall of humanity, Satan has been active based on the human body.  
Originally, what kind of existence is Satan? What kind of existence is the devil? It is a servant of God. However, this servant has violated the master's daughter. This is the fall. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." What is the fall mentioned in the Bible? It is said that Eve ate from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, but the tree of knowledge is not a fruit. The servant violated the master's daughter. Although he was supposed to give birth to and raise sons and daughters who could inherit God's ideals, the archangel, who was created as a servant, violated the master's daughter, which became the origin of humanity's fall. Do you understand? "Yes."  
Is it possible for the world to be like that? The heavens and the earth have become like this. The complicated details will generally be understood when you hear the principles.  
Originally, there should not be a rupture. Yet, the archangel has invaded this body. Do you understand? One heart is directed towards God, and one heart is directed towards oneself... Even though one heart should be directed towards one God, the manifestation of the master of two hearts began, which became the motive for the misery of this universe, so something must emerge. The motive to assert two hearts began, which became the motive for humanity's fall, and as a result of that action, two paths emerged.  
Then, what would have happened if there had been no fall? There would be no possibility of having two hearts. You all have two hearts, right? The heart of the body... Then what kind of sons and daughters are you? You are the children born from the bloodline of the master who has two hearts. Isn't that astonishing? Do you understand? What is that? It is a thief of the universe, a thief. He violated the only daughter of God, who could inherit God's work, intending to make her God's daughter-in-law. Do you understand? "Yes." The monster with two hearts has taken that bloodline. Thus, even Adam was made to leave behind descendants with two bloodlines of love. If I say this, you will understand. Do you understand? "Yes."  
Then what happens? The unique ancestor who is not of two lineages is God. What is God like? Your hearts have belonged to God eternally from the beginning. Therefore, no matter how evil the devil is, he cannot bend the nature created by God. He cannot erase it. That nature is your inner self, which has come out wrapped in the body. The devil, centered around the body, wraps the heart, and when the heart tries to come out, even if the body is smashed, it cannot emerge.  
Thus, the devil's play is to hasten evil deeds. Why? Because by ruining the nature of the person, ultimately, it prevents the original master from entering. Therefore, this is treason. What is treason? It is to drive away the loyal subject and to turn the king around to do as one pleases. This is the bloodline of such treasonous traitors.  
The mission of religion is to supply the power to subdue the body and to empower the heart.  
The original master of humanity is the absolute and unified God. And because the human heart belongs to God, it is naturally drawn towards the subject like a compass. Similarly, there is a heart action that attempts to change direction and follow the good path, which is why religion began to operate invisibly through the heart. For this reason, it has developed a heart that reveres the high and aspires to the absolute. The mission that has been borne in this field is religion, religion. Is religion absolutely necessary or not? "It is necessary."  
The way to solve these two false selves is not by going to the hospital to disassemble them or by getting injections. It must completely contact the nature of the heart before God. Why, after going through tens of thousands of years of long historical eras, have we developed a way to peel off the cover of the residue covered by evil flesh? That is what religious life has developed. It has developed to make the heart's subjectivity stronger than the body, so that it can completely lead this body.  
Therefore, religion does two things. First, what is it? It stimulates strong power in the heart. When you believe in religion, you receive enough stimulation to focus your spirit. The Unification Church is the same, right? There is a saying about fanatics, right? The Unification Church must also have fanatics. It must give a strong shock to the heart so that one can forget everything about the body and finally realize that God exists and that "Ah, the master is God, not the devil related to this body." One must receive strong power in the heart to understand this.  
You are currently similar in heart and body, so you fight, right? If you inject about three or five times more power into the heart, the heart will say to the body, "You, son of a gun!" This is like putting an elementary school student against a wrestling champion. There is no game here. They must be similar to fight. Rather, because the devil is controlling from a superior position, one must be superior to win.  
Thus, the power to subdue the body and the power to empower the heart are the two major missions of religion. To make the heart strong, one can just take the body in for about three years and do as one pleases, and it will become that way. Since the heart and body are similar, the body is made to suffer so that it can submit. That is why religion teaches, "Fast. Be gentle and humble." Does the body say it will be gentle and humble? The reason for saying, "Be gentle and humble! Sacrifice!" is to emphasize one aspect in two directions. Therefore, religion teaches to suffer. Do you understand? "Yes." The more advanced the religion, the more it engages in such play.  
Then what is the purpose of religion? It is to create people who can guide the body according to the heart, where the body cannot act freely and the heart acts as it wishes. This is religion. Then what happens? As the foundation of the evil forces of Satan, which controlled the heart centered around the body, gradually diminishes and disappears, where does this person go? Then, through the connection of the person before the fall, by patching this up, they finally become the original one human being where the heart and body are unified. When such a human being, unified in heart and body, appears, what happens? They enter into the realm where they can receive powerful love from God. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." They enter into the realm where they can receive powerful love from God.  
When that day comes... Isn't it the same in the world? When young men and women in their adolescence develop feelings for each other, even if their parents oppose them, they often embrace each other and engage in various activities, right? In a fallen world, in a corrupted world, love cannot be divided or cut off, so who can take away a person who has entered the state of being able to unify their heart and body centered on absolute God's love? Who can take them away? "No one."  
Then what happens? Even if you tell them not to seek God, they will automatically... They will not even think of seeking God. Just like a tree follows the sunlight when it shines, even if I am sleeping like this, my heart is already turning this way. It cannot be without knowing God; He is the master, the cause of existence, so why wouldn't they know? Who caused them not to know? "Satan." They are destroyers, destroyers. Even people like Hegel, who did not know this and only thought about humanity, established the logic of dialectics.  
This may be a difficult discussion, but...  
Sacrificing for the world is the thought of the Unification Church.  
Today, a person named Moon from the Unification Church has come out and revealed a systematic historical perspective based on history, so I believe it will make a significant contribution to future human society. From here, a new cultural world will be established. Do you think that is possible? "Yes." Those who think will immediately know. "Even a three-year-old child knows." What is it? "Words must be followed by action." Yes, and? "We respect great teachers like him." Good, good. "If action does not follow, the back of the head will be followed by the total head." So who does not act? We must act. So what does the Unification Church teach? "Sacrifice your body." Do you understand? "Yes." Why do we sacrifice? It is not to sacrifice for my salvation. As a human, I represent the whole world, so it is to create a human like me. Isn't that the same for everyone? Regardless of East or West, everyone has become a person like me, so one must have the thought, "I must engage in a movement to liberate the people of this world."  
Such a person is already not individualistic. Why? What kind of master is God? "A world citizen." God is not a world citizen. He is a cosmic being who encompasses both the spiritual and physical worlds, a cosmic being. In the language of the Unification Church, this is called cosmocentrism. What kind of ideology does God have? "Cosmocentric." Cosmocentric. Because God has such a thought, He has created humans.
What kind of value do you want to create in existence? It is to make them the sons and daughters of those who can correspond to theism. Based on that God as the standard, I work towards that with the thought of theism, as the cause is so, I am the result. 

That’s why even though I am sitting in Gwangju and working, I think of it as working from a position that connects heaven and earth. Do you understand? That is the thought above all. Even if I am plowing the fields, I think, ‘All the fields of the world are beneath me, and since I am at the very top, I will be the global top in plowing the fields.’ This is the ideology of the Unification Church. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” Even when I walk the road, I stand at the very top among all the people of the world, and I must walk this path to teach and show the correct way. The thoughts are different.

What humanity seeks is whose world? “God’s world.” The world is God’s, and the universe as well… Who is that God? He is our cause, the cause. Because He created humans as the perfect result by inputting the perfect cause, I am the perfect result of the perfect cause. If that God is the owner of the universe, I cannot help but stand in the position of the owner of the universe as a result. Do you understand what I’m saying? “Yes.” Therefore, God is the invisible reality of the universe, and humans are the visible reality of the universe, this is how I see it.

No matter how unattractive a girl may be, when she gets married, she wants to marry the highest person in the world, right? Isn’t that so? Is that true or not? “That’s true.” Even if I am ignorant and have nothing, there is a woman who could make a man run away to the ends of the earth, but in her heart, she wants to marry the best man in the world. Is it a lie that such a heart exists, or is it the truth? “It’s the truth.” It is the truth. Why does such a fact arise? When centered on God, what is God? He becomes the parent of the individual. Also, before getting married, God is the subject, and I am like the wife. This is the thought I have. Therefore, when viewed personally, God is the relationship of subject and object, and when viewed in a family context, He is the relationship of parent. Then, what is God in a national context? He is not a king. He is the national parent. When looking at the entire universe, God is the parent of the great universe. He stands in the position of the three great parents.

From this perspective, what is it that humanity seeks? It is not to meet a king. It is to meet parents, parents. If you ask with whom you want to live, no one would say they want to live with a king. They want to live with their mother and father. Isn’t there a song like that in our folk songs? “Oh, bright moon, the moon that Lee Tae-baek played with. Over there, in that moon, the cassia tree is stuck…” What comes next? “Chop it down with an axe and refine it with a golden axe to build a thatched house and bring my parents to live for a year or two…” “Live for a thousand years.” (Laughter) You know that, right?

What is that? When the Korean people see that, they are a revelatory nation. No matter how many palaces there are in the world, they want to build a thatched house and bring their parents to live for a thousand years. Those parents are not just their mother and father. They are parents manifested in the form of the three great parents of the universe. Who is God? He is the true parent of the family, the true parent of the nation… There is only one nation. Is there more than one nation? How many families do you have? “One.” One, and how many nations are there? “One.” Just one. Is the Republic of Korea the central nation of the world? That’s why we don’t need many nations on this earth. We need one nation, one nation. The parent of one nation is God. The family is one, the nation is one, heaven and earth are one, and the owner is one! “It’s one.” (Laughter) You need to know that.

Therefore, who is that God? He is a parent, a parent. A parent who can live forever with me in my home, forever in my nation, and forever in heaven and earth. Then, everyone, what is happiness? When you are happy, who do you want to be with? Do you want to be with the president of the nation? “With parents.” With parents who are with you forever. Even if there is joy in the world, you want to be with your mother and father. God is our mother and father. When there is a banquet in heaven, in the whole world, you want to bring your mother and want to bring your father. Who is the central being that has the connection of the three great parents? “God.” It is God.

So, should we believe in that God or not? “We should believe.” Not believing is foolishness, foolishness! If there are people here who do not believe, they may feel uncomfortable, but even if they feel uncomfortable, it cannot be helped. So, people like Reverend Moon of the Unification Church believe in God, right? Then what is that? It is noble. (Laughter) Even if you don’t like it, it cannot be helped. You cannot deny it. No matter how much the world opposes, because I walk the noble path, I cannot fail. When you look through all of history, everything must be resolved.

Why has religion been oppressed until now? These evil beings… Those who center their ambitions in the world have all perished. Isn’t that right? For 400 years in the Roman Empire, Christianity was opposed, and it emerged from that. God is alive. If God did not exist, Christianity could not have survived in the Roman Empire for 400 years. You should go see a country like Rome. When you enter the catacombs, there is no real hope. The fact that they have maintained their faith there is not something that came from human strength.

Today, the Unification Church is the same. For the past 30 years, even through all the hardships, I have blessed all the Unification Church families, allowing them to have children and create wealth in every family, and although there were times when I told them to disperse their families for the sake of the nation and the world, there have been many miserable incidents. Why did that happen? It was to create families that the world could recognize, to find a true nation, and to meet true parents. However, the Republic of Korea, from the era of Dr. Park and the Chang Myon era, and even up to the current revolutionary government, has opposed us. Now, after realizing everything, they are good, but if we had done bad things, what would they be happy about?

Then why did they oppose religion? When religion emerges, the world of Satan completely collapses its foundation of sovereignty and returns to God. Then the devil is eternally expelled, so they oppose this path. That’s why religion develops while being opposed. Isn’t that right? “Yes.” True religion does not disappear the more it is opposed; it develops. Why? Because God cannot lose to Satan. Did the Unification Church retreat while being opposed, or did it develop? “It developed.” That’s why the Unification Church is a true religion, right? “Yes.” Is it a true religion or does it seem like a true religion? “It is a true religion.”

What happens to those who do not know religion? Some people might say, “Oh, I am a global scholar and a conscientious person, so I can go to heaven.” Stop that nonsense, you brat! (Laughter) That’s the formula, the formula. Because I knew that, I… I am a smart man. (Laughter) That’s why I became a religious leader. You all know that, right? Do you understand? “Yes.” Now, we have come this far.

What kind of world is this chaotic world without a master? So what is the path of a true person? That is today’s topic. What kind of path does a true person walk? The center of the great universe is one, right? “Yes.” The center of this world is one, right? “Yes.” Therefore, the center of the family is also one. Everything must be arranged in this way for order to be established.

When you enter your home today, there are homes with parents, right? “Yes.” That lasts for a hundred years, but it is not an eternal family. Isn’t that right? “Yes.” Therefore, what kind of world is today’s world? It is a world without a center. You must understand that. There is no center in thought, and there is no center in all our society. When you look at yourselves, what is the center in you? There is no master, no master. Does the heart act as the master? Is the heart the master? Sometimes the body acts as the master, but it needs to be swapped.

This is a chaotic world. The world is struggling, colliding with the final wall, and we are looking at this reality. How will we solve this? This is a problem that thinkers or those who lead the world urgently need to solve. Will the solution come from philosophers, or from scientists? It cannot come from philosophers. It cannot come from scientists either. It cannot come from economists either. There is no other way. Just think how happy it would be if a foundation that can represent the heart of the three great parents were to emerge.

Where is the happy heaven? Where is heaven? That heaven must be good in my family, good in my nation, and good in this universe. Can it be that it is only good in my family while my nation is worse than my family? Can it be that my nation is good but my nation in the spirit world is worse? The bigger, the better. The bigger, the better. Isn’t that right? For that, we must have an emotional bond that can eternally connect the parental tradition with the family center, the national center, and the cosmic center. Only from there can we go beyond my family, beyond my nation, to the universe. Do you understand? “Yes.” It is forever, forever.

Therefore, those who live with such parents on this earth will live a life that can connect with the heart of God, who is the parent of that nation, and the heart of God, who is the parent of the universe, starting from now. Do you understand? “Yes.” The house where God lives is my house, the nation that God governs is my nation, and the entire universe that God rules is my universe. This is eternal and unchanging, eternal and unchanging. That is the ideal world.

You must live not alone but in a family, live in a nation, and then enter the spirit world to live in eternal heaven. But if the master changes, it is miserable. It is miserable. If you were born as a true human, from that day on, I am eternal. I was born for love, in eternal love. Therefore, when you ask who the master of that love is, the master of that love is the parents, the parents. Do you understand? Are you close to your mother and father, or far away? “Close.” You are closer to your mother and father than to your grandparents, right? “Yes.” When you go to the grave where your mother and father are buried, you think of them and shed tears, saying, “Mom, Dad.” If you have the heart of a child and do that, even if the spirit of your deceased mother and father sees you, they would say, “You have already turned 80, but you must be a child.” They wouldn’t say, “You are over 80, so you must be some old man.” Which is better? Is it better to say “old man” or “hey, you brat!”? (Laughter) What do you think? What would be better for an old man? “Hey, you brat.” That’s right. It should be like that. (Laughter)

Even if you call them a brat or curse them, if the value of human beings has been established in the original living foundation, this world… Would you have ever wanted to give birth to children who fight between your heart and body against your mother and father? If that were the case, would God want to see such people even in their dreams? God does not want such things to happen, so we did not know that God has come to bear the historical task of correcting all of this and starting anew. Today, because I have come out, I have to dig through history thoroughly… The smarter ones cannot help but know, so today in America, those who have graduated from universities or graduate schools, those who have received bachelor’s, master’s, or doctoral degrees, even if I tell them to wear a cotton bag and jump into a fire pit, they would do it. The young people in Korea cannot even enter that category. What do the university students think they are? “You brat…” Even those who become scholars here cannot move.

The reason I speak loudly when I go to America is that I have built such a foundation. Whether they are the president of the United States or senators, they are all my friends. Do you feel good? “Yes.” Even those who cannot live here and are being chased around feel good because they have met the teacher, and they should be smiling and laughing, right? Their hearts should be pounding, and their laughter should be shaking… (Laughter) Those who are here for the first time may feel uncomfortable. “Oh, when I went to Reverend Moon, he was just bragging about himself…” you might say. I am not bragging to you today. I am saying this to comfort our poor Unification Church members who have been struggling. Isn’t that right? “Yes.” That’s right, that’s correct. (Laughter)

The Unification Church is an experiential, scientific, and experimental religion. Now, if that is the principle, what should the Unification Church do? On the day you believe in the Unification Church, you are pumping your heart, pumping. If you pump your heart five times from one time, the wind blows. If the strength is five, the body becomes one-fifth. If that happens, if the heart says, “This body of mine,” and pushes it, will it go or not?

That’s why you must cut off everything in the world. You must cut it all off at once. There was a time when you did not recognize your mother and father, but when you truly recognized your mother and father, it is not just a thatched house, right? What is the opposite of a thatched house? It is building a three-thousand-room palace and bringing your parents to live for ten thousand years or more, right? It is different. That’s how I think. But if you do not understand that and make a fuss saying, “Reverend Moon took my children away, took them away!” (Laughter) “Let my children go!” I have brought your children…
are? Your children have come, right? (laughter) Who's going to take them away? Just drag them away, drag them away. No matter how much you drag them, they come back, they come back... (laughter) So, that's a mystery.

What is it? It means knowing that God exists from the heart. Members of the Unification Church know that God exists. If you empower your heart with five times the strength, your body automatically becomes one. If you train like this for about three years, you can't live a life that feels guilty to your conscience. Do you understand? Then God will be present and will guide you this way or that way. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, the Unification Church is an experiential religion, a scientific religion, an experimental religion. Do you understand? That's how it is.

Unification Church members often meet the teacher spiritually in a half-awake state or in dreams, right? "Yes." Raise your hands if you've met him. Put them down. It's a hundred percent experience. This is a formula. That's why when I'm in America, even if I say not to go toward the teacher, the whole world breaks down, they still say they will follow. Even if you chase them away, they come back again. Once a bee tastes honey, even if you pull its backside hard, it won't come out. It's the same. Once you get a taste of the Unification Church, you can't let it go even if you die. Only the unripe ones, the leftovers, the rotten things fall into the trash can. People like us do this even while being scolded all our lives. Do you understand? "Yes." Now, let me see a show of hands from those who say they are real Unification Church members. Without a doubt, among those who say they are real Unification Church members, there are fakes. (laughter) Then there are those who are in between. There’s no term for in-between, but let’s make one up. There are in-betweens, and then there are the real ones. (laughter) Among those three, those who say they are fakes won't raise their hands even if they have a conscience. That's on the side of Satan. They are the devil's kin.

Now, let me see a show of hands from those who say they are fakes. (laughter) Now, how about those who say they are in-between? And then the real ones! And those who are neither this nor that. (laughter) It seems there are none. If you become a real Unification Church member, you will be a truly happy person in the world. Even if I go in and out of prison many times while doing this, and get scolded in every way... Would I do it if it weren't fun? Would I do it if I didn't want to? Even as I grow older, would I do it? The world is just so full of confidence, and everything is visible before your eyes, so that's why I do it. Isn't that right? "Yes." Now that I can say anything and the whole world can hear it, I can say these things, but this was shocking decades ago. Is there anyone who can relate? Just me... Now, do you want to become real Unification Church members or fake ones? "I want to be real." It's hard to become real, I tell you. How hard is it? All the ladies say it’s 'hard, hard' when they give birth, but I don't know because I haven't experienced it, (laughter) but I think it's harder than that. If it were that hard (to give birth), God would have already taken care of it. God has been trying for hundreds of thousands of years but hasn't been able to do it. Do you understand what I mean? Therefore, to become a real Unification Church member means you must be able to do what God Himself could not do. It's not that God lacks the ability, but that the conditions weren't right. So, until now, I couldn't be real, but from now on, those who say they will become real, raise your hands. That should be everyone. Oh, stop it. (laughter)

Looking at it this way, let's conclude whether there is an absolute necessity to unify the religions of the world or not. This is something that someone has to do. Someone has to do it, but when the Unification Church comes out to do this... God sees that the established churches are going to be in trouble. (laughter) It won't work like this, so once a foundation is laid in one place, it can only play the game of collapsing another place. Do you understand? "Yes."

The Unification Church must lead the world toward a good world. Look, the democratic world has collapsed, the communist world is collapsing, and all religions, including the established churches, are being swept into a trap at this time. At such a time, when a new religion suddenly appears that aims for developments unseen in the history of religion or the history of thought in this world, that may become one of God's hopes and a foundation for pursuing ideals throughout human religious history or human thought history. You need to understand that we can reach this conclusion. That time will be the end, and at that time, humanity will make a cosmic conclusion about whether they find happiness or walk the path of despair.

As I mentioned earlier, humanity has split into two paths, but at some point, the split must become an X (×). To unify the divided, it must become the opposite X. One must go this way, and the other must go that way. (demonstrating with actions) The internal must become external, and the external must become internal. Until now, the satanic world has stood in a subjective position, but as it turns to a relative position, a historical environment is unfolding today where the conscientious position can take a subjective stance. In such a day, this world can break through the gateway to become a good world, and this is a reasonable conclusion. Do you understand? "Yes." Who must do this? The Unification Church must do it. Do we have the ability to do so? If we don't, we must pack our bags and leave the Unification Church. If we do have it, the problem is different. So, can we truly achieve human revolution and human transformation here? That's the question. Can we revolutionize into great humans? Can a person who has been fighting between body and mind become one, and even amidst the turmoil and confusion of this world, can he break through and move from an individual era to a national era, then to a global era, and finally to the eternal spiritual world of heaven? If so, then it can be done. If one can become such a person without needing the temptation of Satan and without God needing to educate about religion again, then that place will be the center that liberates all humanity. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, before surpassing this, what was divided must be rejoined. Until now, the external body has stood in a subjective position, while the internal heart has stood in a relative position, being dominated. But if we turn this around so that the internal heart becomes the subject and the external body becomes the object, and the basis of the mental subject automatically moves the external world, it is only natural that we will transition to a new historical era. Do you understand? "Yes."

By entering the Unification Church, the true path is opened.

So, what is the most difficult issue in today's world regarding politics or global affairs? What is President Park's biggest headache? Religion. What is the biggest problem before Reverend Moon of the Unification Church? It's not politics. It's religion. The same goes for modern politics, which tries to solve issues by oppressing religion with power, but the Unification Church seeks to solve it by being in harmony. Do you understand? It's not about hitting to solve it. It must be resolved in harmony.

If the Unification Church is right, but the wrong religion strikes, it must pay compensation. Do you understand? When the established churches that have given blessings until now strike the newly emerging religion, when the entire established church opposes, God will transfer all blessings to the Unification Church. Do you understand? "Yes." If all the democratic world or Christian churches that have received blessings from God remain silent, those blessings will remain as they are, but when they oppose the messenger sent by God in due time, God will completely transfer the blessings to another place. So, only the shell remains, and it becomes a church where all the candidates for the grave gather. Who are the candidates for the grave? "Old people." You know that well. (laughs)

A blessed religion gathers only young people. Even if the father, the pastor, or the elder opposes, the children will go out more enthusiastically than their fathers. If there is such a church, and if the pastor or elder opposes but the children are actively attending, then there is hope there... Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." That place is the Unification Church. Do you like the Unification Church? "Yes."

What does unification mean? It means 'to govern' (統). It embodies subjectivity. If one does not possess subjectivity, they are not a member of the Unification Church. Wandering around in the streets, being blown by the wind, does not make one a member of the Unification Church. When I go to America, within three years... The 240 million people who move the world are all because of me... They possess subjectivity. 'Even though my fist is smaller than yours, even though my body is small, centered around my ideology and the God I hold, even if I represent countless generations, I can stand firmly in a subjective position.' That's why, even if a typhoon comes, even if lightning strikes, I am moving forward. The honeybee...

Isn't it the same for South Korea? South Korea opposed the Unification Church, but what do they think now? They think positively, right? "Yes." Even here in Jeolla Province, isn't it the same? 'To save the country, we need to bring in people like Unification Church members. Those people are formidable.' They say things like that, right? Do they carry knives around because they are formidable? (laughter) What is there to be afraid of? Has strength been doubled in their bodies? Even if strength exists, the power of the heart is doubled. Isn't that right? "Yes." Because the power of the heart is doubled, they have the subjectivity to govern their bodies...

Having discovered a subjective self that can turn the direction of history, individuals can automatically become that way, and if individuals can, then millions can automatically become that way. This is where the kingdom of peace unfolds, and the issue of resolving the 38th parallel arises. Therefore, it is only natural that we must engage in an anti-communist movement against communism. You understand, right? "Yes."

So, what happens by entering the Unification Church? The true path is opened. Ultimately, is this a long story to boast about the Unification Church? Now, it is time to boast about the Unification Church. No matter how talented someone may come here... (recording briefly cuts out) we must praise the Unification Church. These impoverished Korean people, if they oppose the Unification Church, there will be nothing left, nothing. They will become followers, followers. This nation will suffer a great defeat.

International Victory Federation established to overthrow communism.

Last time, we held a World Scientists Conference, and about 12 prominent university professors and deans from Korea attended. I looked at them and said, 'Why are you here? In the not-so-distant future, Korea will emerge as the subject country of the Unification Church, and as scholars... Since I am also a Korean who inherits the blood of the Korean people, I want to present Korean scholars on the world stage, such as at the World Scientists Conference.' I said that. It should be so, right? You don't feel offended, right? "Yes." 'But what are you doing? The whole world is in an uproar, and Reverend Moon is causing issues in America... If you go anywhere in Western society, as a Korean, a big event will occur... Even now, if you ask, "Do you know Reverend Moon?" and they say, "I don't know," it’s like a fart. And then they say, "Are you scholars?" Do you understand? Now, even in Japan, the reports that have come to the teacher indicate that all the world’s theologians are studying Reverend Moon and saying, "Oh, if it’s not Reverend Moon..." Right now, there is a movement emerging in the American theological world, and currently, there are issues arising in the theology department of Columbia University, and Korean pastors are trying to die over this. (laughter) They would rather die at my hands than be beaten to death by Westerners.

They are ignorant people who do not understand the world. They are stubborn and ignorant people. How stubborn? They are more stubborn and foolish than bears. Knowing they will die, they keep falling; how can they not die? So, I told them, 'You should stand in such a position, but when people from around the world ask about Reverend Moon, what will you do?' I persuaded them. 'Don't say anything, just listen to me. I created the World Peace Professors Association to elevate the dignity of Korean professors before the world, investing a huge amount of money to do so.' I spoke at length. I am doing all sorts of things to elevate the dignity of established church pastors, yet they are calling me an enemy and making a fuss. Now, we cannot afford to be ignorant of the Unification Church. When young people in universities see these kinds of antics, it smells like garbage, and they are just kids whose ears haven't dried yet. Do you think I am doing this because I am worse than them? Is the teacher trustworthy enough? "Yes." I am not asking you to believe me just because I say so. Just wait and see. If you don’t believe, just wait and see.

Where is the true path? Where is the true path? When looking at this world through God's eyes, does the established church teach like the Unification Church? Does it teach that God definitely exists and how life should be experienced? It does not teach that. If the Unification Church teaches, then from God's perspective, it would be 'the established church is doing well, the Unification Church is doing poorly.' Isn't that right? "No." Then what is it? "The Unification Church is doing well." The Unification Church is doing well. The established church is doing well? "Not well." Why do you say it’s not doing well? This has already been decided.

When looking quietly through God's eyes, what is the most headache-inducing thing for God in this world? It is communism, which denies God's existence. Would that make God feel good? Now, let’s say a grandfather is sitting here, and his son is next to him. If someone comes and says, 'Your father is not here, not here, not here.' (laughter) How would that feel? If at that moment, the son says, 'Hehe, is that so?' would that make the father feel good? "Not good." 'You little brat!' (laughter) He would grab him by the tie and hit him, saying, 'What are you talking about, you brat?' What can that child do? If they say God is dead and that God does not exist, what can Christianity do? I understood that...

The thing that gives God the most headaches is world communism. 'I will crush that with my own hands.' That’s what He is saying. That’s why the world communist parties fear me the most and hate me the most. Do you know that? "Yes." We must overturn the theories of this communism. That’s why I established the International Victory Federation, a global organization. If the communists leave me alone... Until now, the world communist parties have been unilaterally dominant, but now that a position with real power has emerged, it’s a matter of life and death for them. So, they are creating opposing organizations like the Parents’ Association to oppose me. Thus, all the world communists are...
I hate it. Would God feel good or bad seeing this?  
"It’s bad." When God sees it, do you think He would like the established church pastors who say, "The Communist Party is good"? Would He like Reverend Moon, who would say, "Hey, what’s wrong with you! Is this what a human being is!"? What do you think? Would the established church like it, or would they prefer the Unification Church?  
"The Unification Church." If you understood, you should at least respond. (Laughter) Are you dozing off without answering? Oh my, I said I would do this for an hour, but it has already been an hour and a half. (Laughter)  
Now, in this historical era, in this empty and absurd historical time, in this world where no one can be trusted… Can the Korean people trust democracy, can they trust America, can they trust communism? Can they trust the established church, can they trust their mothers and fathers, can they trust their sons and daughters, can they trust their wives, can they trust their husbands?  
If you started for the eternal will of God, you must push forward forever. In this world, to say you can trust people from around the world more than your own family is madness. To say you love people from around the world more than Koreans is crazy. Can you do that? Is it possible? While others live well, why does our Unification Church eat dog food and dog porridge, and why do we get insulted for the sake of saving this Republic of Korea? Why, why? It’s not because we are less capable than others. History is wrong, so we must regulate it; we must block the flowing water with a dam and drive it out. That is sacrifice. That is a war of attrition.  
Today, the Unification Church has been waging a war of attrition for decades, suffering significant losses. I am the same. What am I missing that I went to America… If America is to perish, let it perish; what does it have to do with me? No. When viewed from the perspective of God’s will, America is a nation of people, and Korea is also a nation of people. In that sense, do you think God would prefer to save America, which leads the world, faster than to save Korea? "America." Why, why? Because America has a greater possibility of saving the world. Therefore, I had no choice but to go to America with nothing. I abandoned all of you to spread the teachings of the Unification Church…  
If the world can be saved even at the sacrifice of the Republic of Korea, then both the world and the Republic of Korea can live, but if we try to save the Republic of Korea while abandoning the world, will the Republic of Korea live? It will die. Knowing this principle, I am doing this work. I abandoned my family because the Republic of Korea must survive for the family to live. If I try to protect my family without abandoning it, when the Republic of Korea collapses, my family will also perish. However, abandoning the family is the way to make my family shine before the nation, so I am doing this work after abandoning my family. Those who are standing here have abandoned their parents and their spouses. If those parents do not understand and those spouses do not understand, and if we cling to that, we will ruin the nation and ruin the world. Will you follow that path? Do you understand? "Yes." From that perspective, if there are people who recognize all of humanity as brothers and want to make all nations one people, would God see them as hopeful people or as despairing people? "Hopeful people."  
When we look at the established church, which is filled with elders and pastors fighting among themselves, and compare it to the Unification Church, which one has more credibility? "The Unification Church." There’s no comparison. You must be strong. You must be steadfast. You must have the conviction that even one person can move Jeollanam-do. There are too many people here. Even if heaven and earth shake, you must have the conviction to push forward.  
God is eternal. Therefore, He is moving to make the laws He established eternal. In the same way, once our Unification Church has started, we must push forward forever, no matter what difficulties arise, and we must strive with the resolve to die until that purpose is achieved. That is where the value of being a worthwhile member of the Unification Church lies. Do you agree? Do you not? Is that so, or not? "Yes." Then is that so, or not? "It is."  
Then, our young ladies, even if you become a frizzy-haired woman for my entire life and cannot get married until your black hair turns white, will you still believe in the Unification Church? (Laughter) Why are you laughing? This is a serious question. Will you believe? Will you believe or not? Answer me. I need to make a judgment. Will you believe or not? "I will believe." Let me see a show of hands from those who will believe. The married women probably can’t raise their hands even if I ask them to. (Laughter)  
And our young men, the bachelors. Since they are bachelors, it’s not rude for me to call them guys, right? They are all around the age of their fathers. Now, our bachelor guys, even if you cannot dream of getting married and your hair turns white without getting married, will you believe in the Unification Church? "Yes." Look at that. (Laughter) Then believe. If you believe, what will happen? It’s incredible, right? Will you die well, or not? You will die from being beaten. If you die from being beaten, what will happen? You will be buried in the sand like a neighborhood dog. Is that okay? "Yes."  
When that happens, if there are no people, angels will come to celebrate. Do you understand? "Oh!" A national funeral will be held in the spirit world. Do you know what a national funeral in heaven is? It’s not an editorial director. (Laughter) Do you understand that? "Yes." It may not be visible to the eyes of the world, but a national funeral will be held in heaven. Knowing this, the teacher has long since put his life on the line.  
Originally, we should have been one in God’s love, but due to the fall, look at this. How will we sort out the complex and multifaceted world? Now we must establish the framework. Among parents, what kind of parents? True parents. Among nations, what kind of king? A true king who can replace parents. Centered on the universe, the true parental king of the universe, living in my home like those parents, living in my nation like those parents, and living in the universe and the eternal world like those parents. But should those parents be different from each other? "No." They must be one. Who is that? It is God.  
If humanity had not fallen, wouldn’t it have been like that? If humanity had not fallen, God would have become the parent of Adam’s family, and then He would have become the tribal chief of Adam. Naturally, Adam would have become the king of that nation. Today, all of humanity is a descendant of Adam; they are Adam’s people. They are not just the Baedal people. As they went along, they got caught up and formed what is known as the Baedal people. What kind of people are they? There was only one people, the Adam people.  
Then, are there two nations or one? "One." Is there a spiritual world with two or one? "One." There is no need for hell. There is no need for hell. The principle is that everyone goes to heaven. This original standard has been shattered. Therefore, if we can establish the original standard, it is theoretically correct. This is why people have broken down. Even if my heart is pierced with nails in the struggle between body and mind, we must resolve this through the movement to make them one. Otherwise, we cannot go to hell or heaven.  
If we go to hell, our hearts will say, "Oh, I wish I could go to heaven," and that will be even more painful. That is the reality. If we go to heaven, our bodies will be in such a state that we will say, "Oh…" and we cannot go to heaven either. Therefore, how do we reconcile body and mind? This battle has been so intense that no one has dared to touch it throughout history, but the Unification Church dares to tackle it and resolve it. This is an enormous problem. Do you understand? "Yes." Unification Church members, even if the church looks like this, do you still say, "I prefer the church to my home"? Is that true? "Yes." If you do not have that heart, then that is fake. You must love the Unification Church more than your country. Do you agree? "Yes." Why? Because there is nothing else. I do not like anything else. Let’s expand this and save the world from the nation… Thus, our Unification Church has started such work.  
Originally, if humanity had not fallen, how would we become one? Everyone would become the sons and daughters of God and be united in God’s love. If we become completely one, we can go flat and ascend, but there is absolutely no way to fall. How strong is God’s love? You probably do not know. When you enter that world, you will realize how strong it is. A person like the teacher is an expert in that regard. Even if the body is tired and cannot maintain itself, once you travel through that mysterious world of God’s love, you will say, "When was I tired!" Do you understand? There is something that knows the taste of the unknown, and that is why I have endured insults for decades as the leader of the Unification Church. In the future, there will be only praise, right? Since I was insulted for a time, I must be praised for a time. For the sake of goodness and others, I was insulted, so if others do not praise me, can I trust that world? It is a world that is doomed.  
In this fallen world, the framework of true love is only the love of parent-child relationships.  
Now, let’s conclude. Everyone! When you think about what to connect all the complexities of this world to, what should you connect it to? Ultimately, it is love, but what kind of love? It is the love of parent-child relationships. There is no love beyond that. Do you understand? The love of parents. The love between husband and wife is horizontal love. The love of parent-child relationships is vertical love. In Eastern customs, a father does not share secrets with a mother but does so with his children. That is correct because it can go sideways. Do you understand? "Yes."  
The love of parent-child relationships, is that good or bad? "Good." No matter how much revolution and change there may be in the world, no matter how much the logic of dialectical change has expanded until now, there is no power that can revolutionize the heart of a parent loving a child. Is there? "No." Can we revolutionize the love that birds have for their chicks? "No." Can that change? "No." It is absolute, absolute. It has been the same for a thousand years or ten thousand years.  
Can the true love between a man and a woman change? "No." What cannot change? True love cannot change. Among true love, in this fallen world, we cannot even trust the love between men and women, but the love of parent-child relationships remains as a framework. Therefore, where can we ignite the fire? The conclusion is that it can only be found in the love of parent-child relationships. Do you understand? "Yes."  
Why has God left that until now? Because without it, restoration and salvation cannot occur. It cannot ignite the fire. Because it exists… Until now, they were false parents, but when we discover God standing in the position of true parents like a father and mother, can we separate from that, or will we cling to it? When we establish a national standard centered on that, will the world be unified or not? "It will." The parents connected by love in front of the national standard are eternal parents. People may die at once, but such parents become eternal parents. Is there anyone who can separate that family and the citizens of that nation from the love of eternal parents, and from all spirits in the universe centered on God? "No."  
When the mother and father are happy, do the sons and daughters cry? Do they rejoice or cry? "They rejoice." When the parents of the nation are happy, do the people cry? "They rejoice." If the spirits in the spirit world and all people on earth are unified, when God, who is the Lord of Lords, is in the position of our parents, can I cry when God is smiling?  
That is why people can live with their parents from birth… How strong is that love? It dances even to the cells, you know, even to the cells. Do you understand? It dances even to the cells. You know, older folks enjoy drinking, right? But enjoying opium is nothing compared to that. Do you understand? Once this connection is made, you can live for thousands and tens of thousands of years… Truly for thousands and tens of thousands of years. There is a saying that even if the axe handle rots in the fairyland, you won’t know it, right? "Yes." There is a way to achieve that. You must understand that the path of the Unification Church is to open that door. Do you understand? "Yes." So, soak your body in that true love and spread it out…  
The evangelism movement is to solidify the bond of brotherhood.  
From now on, regardless of East or West, past, present, or future, spiritual world or physical world, because they are the citizens of that nation and the sons and daughters of those parents, the Unification Church is training to love one another as brothers today. That is a principled training. It is on behalf of God.  
Therefore, we must understand that the Unification Church’s evangelism movement is to solidify this brotherly relationship, teaching those who do not understand the will, even if it means sacrificing oneself. This is why we connect individuals to families, tribes, nations, and the world, advancing toward a super-national unified nation, which is the place of providence desired by the Unification Church and the will of God. Do you understand? "Yes."  
Thus, our Unification Church youth, both men and women, consider it more honorable to marry someone from the world than to marry a Korean. Do you know that? Do you know or not? "We know." Therefore, the person known as Reverend Moon of the Unification Church is the world champion in holding joint marriage ceremonies until now, right? "Yes." (Laughter) Why do we do such things? This world is in chaos and cannot find its place or direction. In such times, I gather couples and marry them, so they all feel closer to me than to their own parents. Isn’t that right? "Yes."  
I can see people clearly, so even if their parents study for decades, they cannot follow what I decide in 30 minutes. They may look down on and disregard their parents, but how can we deny that fact? Isn’t that so? Right? Who has broken the record for holding joint marriage ceremonies in history? Who is the matchmaker? (Laughter) Tell me. Is it a matchmaker or a matchmaker? "It’s a matchmaker." So, what is among matchmakers? It is a king among matchmakers. (Laughter)  
Is it easy to do such things, or is it difficult? "It’s difficult." How difficult do you think it is? Even if I send off one of my sons or daughters, they cry and run away, causing a commotion… There are many such cases, right? But do you think it would be easy to gather thousands of bright-eyed youngsters and tie them together? Do you think it would be easy?  
After going through all this hardship to help others live well, can you just cover it up and insult those who give to others? Think about the pastors of the established church. Look at those people. These days, they boast about winning some table tennis championship in Korea, right? I don’t even know the name, but what is it? "Lee Eri." What is Hyun-sook?
this? "Jung Hyun-sook." They make a fuss about this, but come on, is it easy to become a table tennis champion? 
Is it easy to become a marriage champion who breaks the record of marrying people of different races? 
Which one is easier? (laughter) Which one is easier? "Table tennis champion." Is it easy to be a marriage champion? "No." It's incomparable.
But in South Korea, can this happen? The world is really strange and funny. (laughter) Now let's look at our Little Angels. The established church says about Little Angels, "What, how, the Unification Church is doing missionary work." Don't they do missionary work themselves? They do all sorts of things. Established church members say that the Unification Church is doing missionary work, but we established Little Angels and evangelized, what did we do? We saved the nation and brought benefits to the country…. Do you know the great contributions the Unification Church has made to the nation? "Yes." Thirty million people raise their hands….
Go abroad. Koreans are so oppressed and chased, it's terrible. 
Koreans who have immigrated abroad are in a terrible situation. Until now, they have been pointed at and looked down upon, and when they see all these Westerners coming and applauding with tears in their eyes, there isn't a single Korean who doesn't cry. But still, is this Unification Church propaganda? They have lived alone, carrying the pain of their nation in their hearts, and the Unification Church is helping them to express pride in being born as one people on one day. Has the Unification Church done something wrong? Did they do something wrong? "No." The world is really strange. So, you can't trust that world. You can't trust that world. This all needs to be dissected. 
The higher the religion, the harder the faith life is.
And from God's perspective, what is the most difficult thing? Who will stop and guard against communism? This is the hardest thing in the world that I am willing to take responsibility for. Also, God has established religions until now, but since they are collapsing, who will take care of that? I will take care of it. Next, now globally, whether in America or any country, the problem of youth prostitution is emerging as a major issue, who will take responsibility for it? It has to be entrusted to me. 
Once Unification Church members join the Unification Church, can they date? "No." They can't even think of love letters, right? It's shocking, it's tiresome, right? "Both apply." It's tiresome. 
It's the same in America. Our Unification Church ideology is so great that even those who used to date and live together all come in and break up. Even after sleeping in the same bed for 7 or 8 years, there are no accidents. Do you understand? Do you know what I mean? "Yes." Do you know that a virgin and a bachelor can live together for 7 or 8 years without any accidents like traffic accidents? The uncles all know that. (laughter)
When you get married in the Unification Church, what happens for 40 days? That's not even a dream. Our Japanese blessed families or 777 families lived together for 5 years and all lived single lives. Isn't that amazing? "Yes." It's amazing. That's why all issues like youth prostitution cannot be touched without the Unification Church. If this quality isn't corrected, the world will flow away as a sacrifice to Satan. 
The goal is to unify all these difficult problems and create God's people, is that an easy task? "No." 
When you look at the Unification Church, isn't it difficult? "Yes." Is it hard or easy? "It's hard." Think about it. If it's not difficult, it's fake, right? Isn't that so? Is it easier to graduate from graduate school or from kindergarten? "Graduate school." The harder it is, the better it is, right? The simpler it is, the better it is? "The hard one." 
When we look at machines, is a simple machine good or a complex and difficult machine good? "Complex and difficult machine." 
As you go up in school, do you learn complicated and difficult books or simple and easy books? "Complicated and difficult books." It gets harder as you go up, right? "Yes." So, should the Unification Church be easy or hard? "It should be hard." You have taken the wrong path. Did you hear me right or wrong? "I heard you right." So, you must not glance aside and realize that you must overcome this difficult and complicated thing. Will you do that or not? When you do, what will happen? You will succeed. When you can't do it? It's despair. It's a land of despair.
You people in Jeollanam-do, will you do it even if it's complicated and difficult? "Yes." Really? "Yes." I can't believe it just from hearing it once. "I will do it." Really? "Yes!" Really? "Yes!" Then let's trust each other once. I don't ask you to give me a penny. If you are going to donate, it should be for Jeollanam-do and the country…. You don't have to donate to me. I have all the money I need to eat. I have a house and a car in any state in America. Even if I go to London or any country in the world right now, I have a house, a car, and I lack nothing. That's because I made it all with my own money. Nothing has been done without going through my hands. So, I am the ancestor of it all. Do you understand? "Yes." Then there is nothing to envy. (recording briefly interrupted)
You don't know. I might give a ride to the Jeollanam-do members. (laughter) That means I don't know if I will give a ride, not that I will give a ride. (laughter) I have the ability to do that. So, the established church pastors must be envious. Don't say you are envious; being one is the best. Then I will feed you and give you rides…. When you go back, everyone advertises like that. This isn't because I want it or that I will benefit from it. It's because you and your sons and daughters will benefit, and as a result, this country will benefit. Do you understand? If you don't have your country, you are in a terrible situation. And because of that, the world can be blessed, so I am emphasizing that.
Walk the path that leads to true living.
You have now created families in the Unification Church, right? "Yes." Then you have organized your tribes in the Unification Church, right? "Yes." Now you have passed the era of tribal organization and entered the era of unified national organization. We have many relatives around the world. All the foreigners I have married are relatives, right? "Yes." What is your last name? It is the Unification family, the Unification family. (laughter) If that 'unification' is difficult, we will call it the 'unified family' or 'one family,' we will decide. What is the last name? "Unification family." It is the Unification family. Even Japanese people come and cut off their last names and say they will all become the Unification family.
In the end, since it is the Unification family, what does that mean? It means kin, kin. Therefore, as time goes by, our kin increases. This way, we transcend tribes and form a nation. In the not-so-distant future, the question of who will believe in the president of the country will arise, and the question of which country's president believes in the Unification Church will come up. If they listen to my words at that time, that country will undoubtedly become a nation of the Unification Church in this world. Centered around that country, we will manage the world. Do you understand? It is not about having two countries, but about becoming one. Because God is alive, He is surely trying to create one nation in cooperation with the Unification Church. That is why I will absorb the entire communist world of Moscow with my own hands and create one nation. Do you think I have the ability to do that? "Yes." Based on what I have done so far, I can do that and more.
So what will happen? With a truly perfected individual with whom body and mind cannot fight, that society cannot fight or become two, entangled in the love of perfect parents…. When this traditional origin connects from the family to the nation to the spirit world, in that spirit world, there are parents, on the ground, there are parents, or in the nation and family, there are parents…. The place where those who live under the governance of those parents, even if it is on the ground, is ultimately a small ground of the spirit world, so it can be called the heavenly kingdom on earth. Do you understand? "Yes."
A land where true parents live is a place where true God is regarded as a parent, so there will be eternal order. Therefore, the logic is formed that even if we live on earth, the life of the heavenly kingdom begins. Do you understand? "Yes."
Entering such a place, passing through the family kingdom to the national kingdom to the eternal kingdom, and being able to live in a realm where we can serve our family parents, national parents, and then eternal parents is the true path. If one can become such a person, only then will they truly become a true person. Do you understand? "Yes." Where? The Unification Church started from that purpose. If this is not possible, I foresee that the world of despair will be extended again. That is why you are walking that path now, right? "Yes." I believe that you must reach that position.
Now, let’s see hands of those who will confidently become children of parents who can pass through these three eras without shame, with authority that is not embarrassing. Wow, good. It's nice just to hear it. (laughter) Now, I will ask you to do that. Time must not flow any longer. Time is ticking away, saying, 'Stop talking, stop talking.' So, I have no choice but to stop now.
<Prayer> Beloved Father! Please bless this Gwangju, the center of the Jeollanam-do region. I know that this Jeollanam-do, where about 4 million people live, is an indispensable province in the Republic of Korea. I have spoken about the path of true life through a brief overview.
No matter how much joy there is in the world, no matter how valuable things are, I have realized that in a place where humanity itself cannot resolve itself, all of this is in vain. I have understood that the historical task of restoring the body and mind connected to God's love must be fulfilled in this period of life that is alive and has remaining time. Therefore, I have realized that it is more important to accomplish this task than for the democratic world and the communist world to unite, more important than anything else in the world.
I have realized that the divided heaven and earth can become one within myself, within my own body. So when I ask, 'Where is heaven?' I have also come to understand that Jesus said, 'It is in your heart.' Now, the path of true life is achieved through this one door of unification, and here, the divided lives are unified and can be served as the God of true parental families, the God of true parental nations, and the God of true parental universes, and we know that the eternal ideal life begins from this place.
Let us not forget that we have a current mission to serve with all our loyalty, all our intelligence, and all our filial piety, knowing that we must be the most loyal among the loyal, the most filial among the filial, and the most saintly among the saints.
I earnestly ask that you allow us to become your children who can invest all our efforts for this purpose. 
Now, since we may not meet again for several months after parting, I ask that the more we part, the more fervent our hearts become and the more we desire to be close to you. Please grant us the stimulation and admiration to go straight toward heaven.
To become children who are not ashamed before the remaining days and the will, I have sworn to make every effort before you, Father, and I have reaffirmed that I will do according to that will. Father, I earnestly ask you to guide and protect us.
I ask that the grace and love of all things be with us forever, and I pray in the name of True Parents. Amen.
<Words> Now, after the teacher leaves, I don't know if I will come back here for a brief visit after the June Yankee Stadium event, but I am planning to hold the Washington event at the end of September, so I may not be able to come.
When we hold the Yankee Stadium event, this is the baseball stadium of New York City, the baseball stadium. There is a baseball team called the New York Yankees. This is the representative team of New York City, and the city built the baseball stadium to support that team. We are planning to have a full house at the Yankee Stadium gathering, aiming to gather 200,000 people.
For the Washington event, we are planning to gather over 500,000 people.
America is currently in considerable controversy because of me, but when that day comes, America will completely bow its head. Therefore, looking at this from a historical perspective, I see it as the final battle in the providential history. America, representing the democratic world, will enter a position of supporting the Unification Church. When that happens, all American youth will inevitably go through the Unification Church at least once. When that day comes, they will be completely bound to the Unification Church.
So, after this event, we plan to establish 3,000 mission sites, currently at 300, and we aim to increase this by more than ten times. By 1978, we aim to increase it to at least 30,000 sites. Otherwise, we believe we cannot manage America. To do that, we need to educate 30,000 people and lay the foundation, and the teacher is making that a task for the next two years. So, I cannot express how busy the teacher is. I cannot rest…. To prepare for this, the economic foundation and the preparations needed are vast.
Currently, our economic activity task force consists of about 1,000 people, with a fixed monthly income of 3 million dollars, meaning I am spending 3 million dollars a month. Do you understand? So, if we can get to at least 10,000 people, that would be 30 million dollars. The question is how to get to 100,000 people.
If we can reach just 10,000, we believe we can influence America in various fields and areas. Therefore, even famous people in America are already associating my name (Reverend Moon) with wealth. After that, I am known to have a strong organization that guides young people.
That is why I believe it won't be long before any future president of the United States will have to receive my support. Do you understand? So, in the 1980s, a time will come when I can go anywhere in the democratic world under the name of the Unification Church. Once we have this foundation, I plan to push back against the communist world in the mid-1980s. So, the path ahead…. This sounds like a dream. Dealing with the problems of the world is already a challenge for the Republic of Korea….
That is why for the Republic of Korea to be liberated and unified in the future, it cannot be done solely with the Republic of Korea and North Korea. This requires mobilizing the world’s nations and uniting the democratic world to move the power base, so preparations must be made. To do this, how to assimilate Japan and how to assimilate America is the issue. We must understand that this is the mission that the future Unification Church must carry.
So, in that sense, when the teacher leaves the homeland, the day will come…
When you go abroad and put all your effort into laying such a vast foundation, 
you must take responsibility for Korea. Do you understand? 
"Yes." The entire Jeonnam region must be taken care of by the people of Jeonnam. 
In the future, we must prevent the communists from infiltrating Jeonnam.... Until now, we have been engaging in victory activities, but you must understand that we need to form a practical organization that will guide every aspect of individual lives. After preparing for that, inter-Korean exchanges should take place so that we are not absorbed by North Korea; rather, we can absorb the North Korean people. Otherwise, various complicated issues will arise.
So during the time when the teacher is not present, you must take responsibility for the Jeonnam region.... There are many islands, right? You must take responsibility for Jeonnam and work tirelessly so that you do not fall behind the teacher in supporting the Republic of Korea. Do you understand? 
"Yes." Then, in cooperation with the government, we will need this foundation that I have laid when I return to the United States.... The government will also need that foundation. So, do not feel sad about going to do such work; if you have any feelings of sadness, I hope you will channel that into your work and engage actively. Will you do that? "Yes, we will."
So until we meet again, please stay healthy and become exemplary young men and women in your communities, become members of the Unification Church, and although the established church may oppose us, do not regard them as enemies but love them, thinking of them as neighbors; they are like our older brothers, after all.
As far as I know, I believe I will become like Joseph; just as Joseph became the Prime Minister in Egypt, the Unification Church will now have powerful resources and influence in the United States. If this happens, the established church pastors, the food pastors, will come to me when they are starving, and I will want to feed them. You know the story of Joseph, right? "Yes." It will happen just like that. Just wait and see. So understand that and do not fight with them; instead, take the lead over them.... When the established church holds revival meetings, help them, do not regard them as enemies.
The same goes for the church leaders here. They do not want to visit established church pastors, but that is unnecessary. Since we are also engaged in interdenominational movements, we must embrace even our enemies and treat them as brothers, so we need to set aside petty personal feelings.... For the sake of the country, we must unite with the established church, and you must be the stepping stones in that regard; everything will go well on that foundation.
I hope you will strive for that, and I wish you good health, as I will now leave Gwangju after eating? Will you give me food or not? "I will." Should I just go after having lunch in Gwangju? "Please eat and then go." If I just go, then I will just go. "No." Did you prepare food? "Yes." What could you have prepared? I wonder if you did not prepare anything. Well, if we are going to have lunch, it will take about 30 minutes, and since it is now 1:20, we must leave by 2:00, which is the time for Jeollabuk-do....
So please stay healthy and strive to receive heavenly blessings and earn the teacher's praise. I sincerely hope for that. Goodbye. 
(Applause) *
          Selected Words of Rev. Sun Myung Moon <Volume 85>       
               Printed January 15, 2002
               Published January 25, 2002
               Editor: Rev. Sun Myung Moon's Words Compilation Committee
             Publisher: Hwang Seon Jo
             Publication Company: Seonghwa Publishing Co., Ltd.
               Address: 172-1 Cheongpa-dong 1-ga, Yongsan-gu, Seoul
           Phone Number: 715-3894~6, 701-0110 (Cheongpa Bookstore)
           Fax Number: 701-1991
           Registration Number: No. 3-98
             Registration Date: May 20, 1961             