Rev. Sun Myung Moon's Selected Words
89
Rev. Sun Myung Moon's Words Compilation Committee

Foreword
                   President of the World Peace Unification Family, Hwang Seon-jo

Table of Contents
  Foreword …………………………………………………… 3
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································

1)
The Mindset of a Leader
This time representatives from various countries have come, and when they return, they must work hard. What do you think? Between the work done at the Washington conference and the work done in your hometown, which do you think was done with more enthusiasm? Let’s see a show of hands from those who think the activities during this time were more enthusiastic than those at the Washington conference. I see. That means until now, you all haven’t been working hard. (Laughter) 
Now, if you work harder than during the Washington conference, the level will change. Therefore, we must set the standard that what was done at the Washington conference is the minimum level. If we do that, we will develop. Since representatives from each country are working based on that standard, let’s find out about the people in each state of America. Here, state leaders, which was more enthusiastic, what you did during the Washington conference or what you did in your state? Let’s see a show of hands from state leaders within the U.S. Raise your hands if you were responsible in your state. Come over here, this way. If possible, come forward. (Brief commotion due to moving seats)
Now, let’s raise our hands once more. Put them down. I want to ask one thing, in your state on October 3, 1976, at the Belvedere training center.
* This speech was given during the meeting of American and world leaders, and the title was assigned by the editor.
8 The Mindset of a Leader
When you were active then and when you were active at the Washington conference, when did you work harder? “During the Washington conference.” Why is that? You should have done more…. You experienced how to work while participating this time, right? Now, you all should think the same way, just like international leaders when they return, considering what was done in Washington as the minimum standard, and set the principle that whether eating or sleeping, you must strive to go beyond that.
This will be a principle, a foundation that all members of the Unification Church around the world must now adopt as they move into a new era of higher dimensions. So, we must resolve that from now on, we will start in earnest based on that standard. If we look at it as the era of intention, it means entering a different dimension. Starting tomorrow, we will enter a different level.
Until now, in the era of your lives, you have been going up and down, up and down, in the restoration process. You could do it again if you couldn’t, but from now on, that will not be the case. We are entering an era where only the upward movement will occur.
Why is that? Because until now, we have not been able to surpass the line of corruption, on a global standard. As a result, the good spirits in the spirit world, which corresponds to the angelic world, could not fully support the religious believers on this earth, which corresponds to the Adamic world. Why? Because the people in the Adamic world have not surpassed the realm of corruption. However, due to the Washington conference in 1976, the good spirits in the spirit world can now cooperate with the earth.
Then, if we say it corresponds to the angelic world, what happens? Until now, your ancestors could receive the mission within the realm of angels, we can say. Just as angels cooperated in God's creation work, your ancestors can cooperate for the purpose of the re-creation of the completion of Adam.
What does that mean? It means that in our restoration providence, we can develop through the direct support of our ancestors from God, and at the same time, we enter a time when our ancestors, that is, the good angelic world, will fight and take responsibility against Satan. In other words, they will enter a time when they can defend against Satan and fight directly against him. Therefore, from now on, a unified phenomenon will unfold in the world, and we will enter a time when we can be mobilized under a single operational command on earth.
In the spirit world, there is no such thing as America or England. There is none. They do not recognize any of that. There are no nations there. The goal is one nation. And in what form is it? It is in the form of religion. There are many religious realms such as Buddhism, Christianity, and Islam. However, until now, they have all been divided into factions and could not make horizontal connections.
But now that the Washington conference has ended, it has become a time to establish an order that can weave this horizontally. Thus, as the spirit world takes on a unified organizational form, the earthly world will also take on a unified organizational form, and such a unified organizational form cannot be opposed by Satan, as it will yield no results. Ultimately, the positions of spiritual superiority and inferiority will be reversed. This is something you must understand.
You may think that it seems like just words, but do you really think so? “Yes.” Even if you don’t believe it, you must believe it. Believe it. The dimension will change. The world of Satan is gradually retreating, while the world of good spirits is gradually winning. It is changing. So, this is a time of changing dimensions.
Therefore, it is not like before, going up and down, but only upward movement will occur. So how much effort do you need to put in? You must do more than what was done at the Washington conference. If you do more than that, you will develop. There will only be upward movement. The activities at this Washington conference have become a standard in the spirit world. When you move beyond that, you will be ascending. You must understand that this has become a standard. This means that heaven is with you. 
10 The Mindset of a Leader
Heaven cooperated because…. Do you understand? “Yes.” Do you understand why it commands you to do the minimum and more? “Yes.”
That means you must not go down. You must not go down. If you move based on the standard of the activities of those who attended this conference, heaven will surely cooperate, and you will undoubtedly make progressive advancements. Why? Because the content in the spirit world is changing like this. Now you have understood this clearly.
You must launch a full-scale attack on the capitals of each country as evidence of the victory of the Washington conference.
So now, when you return, where will you work? Just like in Washington, you must mobilize the capitals of each country, the capital of your nation. Now, this means that you…. Just as I took responsibility here three and a half years ago and swore before heaven, you must now act directly towards the capital, not just locally. I send you with such a mission!
Three years ago, the teacher and you…. You are at a time to attack the capital, but the teacher has come up from the bottom to attack the capital. The dimensions and times are different. When you look at such responsible areas, you must understand that your starting point regarding your country carries a higher level of responsibility than when the teacher started in America.
Therefore, you must take all those weapons, whether they are made into films or any materials. When you see that we placed advertisements for the Washington conference in three newspapers for four pages over two days, you can understand how fierce the battle in Washington was. This will become a treasure of our church throughout history.
Even if they say that Washington was all done in a big way, the people of your country cannot deny it when they see the film and watch the movie. Also, although the Washington Post and the New York Times opposed us, since all the citizens were connected, they could not hit us or oppose us, so even conditional newspapers recording the coverage came out. Why was that? Because the citizens all returned, it became a big deal.
When you look at what was published in the newspaper on the 18th, comparing the funeral of Mao Zedong with the incident of Rev. Moon in Washington, you can see how different the dimensions were. The Washington Post clearly testified to that. That is all evidence material. Also, that day, September 18, is the day when Mao Zedong, who is said to be the number one in Asia, passed away, and the day when Rev. Moon, who is said to be the number one religious leader in Asia, ascended. It is a historic day.
People in the East also think that way. As an Easterner, they believe that Rev. Moon is the best. So, we must focus on all such promotional materials and launch a full-scale attack in broad daylight. Now, you will go into your country and spread from the city center to every village. It is a full-scale attack. We will take an offensive nationwide.
Next, we must make all the houses we bought into photographs. This is what we have done over the past three years. And the book titled 'Day of Hope' will come out in two volumes, which exceeds one thousand pages; all of this is what we have done in a year. Now, from Yankee Stadium to the Washington conference, that will also be about two thousand pages. When you lay this out, you will see that in three and a half years, this person has done such and such things. Think about it.
Now you have entered a good era where you can attack the capital of your country…. If in these three and a half years you can push through your country, then as I mentioned earlier, holding a conference in Moscow will not be a problem. If you do not do this in a short time, it will become an empty theory. What was said this morning will become an empty theory.
Now, do you understand that you are bringing a good gift? “Yes.” When you see that, you will go “Oh!” It is said that this was done not in welcome but in the midst of strong opposition, and it can be believed that “if it had been welcomed, it would have completely ruined America.” If they had supported it, America would have completely turned around. Therefore, now we can show that Rev. Moon of the Unification Church has such influence and that the Unification Church has such power.
We must start moving from the highest leaders of the nation and state with the materials of victory.
So now, you must go back and meet the president, the prime minister, and the members of parliament and say, “Push me. Let’s see if I can do it or not. Let’s see if I can save this country or not.” You must have that kind of bold play. You must move the highest leaders of the nation like that.
Then you must prepare to say, “In order to open a new path for our country to be revived, we need to bring thousands of international mobile units gathered from around the world into our country. Will you, president, prime minister, and citizens, unite and welcome them? If you will welcome them, I will bring them.” You must prepare for this. Now, gather a thousand, about three thousand people, and make a big noise. That is what we are going to do. We are going to do that. Therefore, you must prepare for this as soon as possible. Think about facing the prime minister and the highest leaders of the country. Do you understand? “Yes.”
Then state leaders, you are all…. Your state is your nation. The states of America are one nation. You must think of the states of America as one nation. Therefore, you must discuss with the state governors. If you do not, the state will not survive; if you do not discuss with all the state legislators who lead the state, the state will not survive. Have that confidence. When we have the state general elections this time, we can create such explosive movements. We will bring materials to the state.
Moreover, there is no one in America who does not know Rev. Moon, right? Those who do not know are fine. If the world has made such a fuss and you did not know, does that make you a person? What good is it to live in America? It is only a burden. It is useless. It is a parasite that only causes harm. Everyone knows. When you say “Rev. Moon,” whether good or bad, they will go “Ah!” They cannot help but be interested. (Laughter) The reaction is overwhelmingly large. If they did not know, they would say, “Wow, I didn’t know that.”
Yano! Matsuda! Have you come? You haven’t. How long will it take to make the film? You need to make it quickly. I told you to make it within two weeks, but it needs to be done faster than the Yankee Stadium conference. You must understand how expensive this film is. You must understand how terrifying a weapon it is in the restoration providence. It is a terrifying weapon.
People like Billy Graham took 25 or 30 years to achieve something, but the teacher did it in three and a half years, three and a half years. And while Billy Graham did it within America, I came to America as a Korean, facing opposition and having interpreters. That is why I have materials that no one can challenge, no matter what kind of propaganda I do.
And among the current state leaders, there are many white people. There are many real Americans. So, if you say, “Don’t say this. This time at the Washington conference, people of color came out and supported Rev. Moon, so if this continues, it will be a big problem for white people. Do you think you will be able to be governors in the future?” If you talk about these issues, it will be accepted. And to unite people of color, you must put me forward. You cannot do it, but I can. This gives you a chance to make friends in this regard. And when it comes to elections, you need people, right? You need votes, right? The outcome will depend on who absorbs the most votes from people of color, and I will cooperate then, so let’s unite. So when you return, who will you show the movie to first? To the governor, starting with the governor, you will show it to the key officials of the state. Then you will show it to all the upper and lower house members of that state. That is how it must be done. Then, since we have held a conference for scientists, we will also need to reach out to scholars and universities.
There are scholars who are all related to us. All the scholars who will come next have the mindset of a leader. We should go find those scholars, gather the professors from that school, and have them sign under the name of a certain professor, saying, "On a certain day, I will show a photo of Reverend Moon. If you want to judge Reverend Moon after seeing the photo, come." This is how we will invite everyone and show them. After that, we will also show it to the students of the school. Do you understand? "Yes." You should also have the mindset of the president of that country, the prime minister, and those in high positions...

The issue of whether your work will yield results in that state in the future will depend on who can play that game quickly, and whether the leaders of the country will return to the will of heaven quickly or not will also be determined. That's what I think. As a leader of the organization that Reverend Moon guides, you must confidently and passionately speak to the whole group about that powerful background.

I am not afraid of anything. I have met everyone from senators to the president since coming to America, and I have met everyone I needed to meet. How wonderful it would have been if I had had this material back then, if I could have shown a movie! At that time, I only had a palm and passing guests. There were only faces of Eastern people. The signboards were the faces. (Laughter) Even with that, I did it, so if you can't do it, it doesn't make sense. Why can't you do it with the same face? Why can't you do it as the same people?

Have the determination to move the highest responsible person. Now, even if you make friends with the authority of heaven, think about making friends with high-ranking friends, and even when you have dinner, think about eating with high-ranking friends. Don't do it trivially. Do you understand? "Yes." So, even if you are a small female leader, you should bring rice cakes and confront the president. "I thought you had a big disposition, but what is this?" and list unbelievable things in a cunning manner. "If you, as president, can't believe that, this country will not be able to lead the world in the future." This is how you confront them.

And do not think, "Ah! Our Teacher Moon is like Buddha, Confucius, or Jesus." You should think of swallowing all of that. You should think of swallowing Christianity and everything else. That's what I mean. The countries and religious nations they established have all been consumed by communism, and we cannot let that happen. You should also have that disposition now. The reason I say to have that disposition is to give you that authority. Can you do that? "Yes."

When you kick a ball, you should kick it beautifully from the center to break through to the heavens... You need to have that mindset. So, are you confident? "Yes." Therefore, you should become famous, and the president should think, "Oh, if that woman hadn't married, how great it would have been to have her as my wife!" and you should make it so that he cannot help but write to you and cannot help but follow you.

If there is someone like that, you can say, "I will introduce you to a woman from the Unification Church who is more excellent than I am." (Laughter) "There is a woman who is better looking than I am, taller than I am, and has more guts than I do, so what do you think?" and he will open his mouth and say, "Ah!" (Laughter) Why are you laughing? You should have the thought of marrying off the president. All of this is done by people, by people.

Therefore, in the future, you need to lay the groundwork to play such games with the responsible leaders of that state and with the leaders of the country. Laying that groundwork was my dream, and now I see we are entering an era where we can do that. If you run for about three years like this, what do you think will happen? People will say, "Let's see what will happen to that person who came here three years ago with nothing but empty hands. Let's see what he does. He was making a lot of noise; let's see what he does."

When I met the American senators and said, "I will gather many young people and support you for about two years..." no one believed it. Nowadays, they will believe it. (Laughter) Now they believe it. Therefore, you should learn from the methods I used over the past three years. Create a mobilization team and start problems from the bottom to rise up. Go all the way to the top and make a big noise! Do you understand? "Yes." Now, go out and do it just as I strategized. Can you do that? "Yes." Can women do it? "Yes." You need to answer. You should always be first, not second. You should answer when I ask. Now, do you understand? "Yes."

Make bigger plans than the Washington Conference and act vigorously. So, over the past two weeks, I wanted to know how... After the vigorous operation during the Washington Conference, I wanted to know if what you did over the past two weeks was better or worse than the Washington Conference operation. Was it more vigorous or less vigorous? Answer me. "It was not." Why are you laughing? You should open your eyes wide and say, "I worked hard." Be honest. Was it more vigorous? "Yes."

What does Neil (the president of the American Unification Church) think? "Are you asking in comparison to the Washington operation or in comparison to before that?" In comparison to the Washington operation. "I think it was more vigorous than during the Washington Conference. However, it was not as vigorous as on the last day of the Washington Conference. This is my honest answer." Then, from now on, there will be no problem exceeding that, right? "Yes." Since everyone moved, now with that confidence and experience, if you take action, you will surely do better, right? Did you do it two by two? So, you couldn't do that and are this comfortable? Can you eat? You received the Teacher's special command, and you can't do that and still sleep? Sleep?

When you came here today to meet the Teacher, did you have the feeling that you couldn't lift your face like a sinner? I think heaven had a cooperative system ready as soon as the Teacher spoke, but it didn't work out because you didn't reach that point. If you had thought of it as a matter of life and death and cried, clung on, and fought harder than any fight, there would have been a way.

What do you think? The thought of "Ah, I can't do any more than this" is your own thought. Up to now, what has moved is what you have moved. You can't do it with that. "If each of you doesn't witness to two people during these two weeks, the world will perish, and heaven and earth will perish. It will really perish." Did you feel that? Have you made the determination, "I will take responsibility for that person with my neck on the line"? Have you taken it seriously? I think you haven't.

I believe that if each person could witness to two people in one week, it would surely... If everyone set that principle and pushed forward, I would have been able to do everything I wanted to do in these two years, and I would have been able to fulfill everything God wanted. I believe that if everyone had decided, "After this conference, I will definitely harvest a few people before heaven," such things would have been possible.

Now, as you return, set a plan with your members that says, "A few months later, I will do this." Swear that "We will do this," and make a resolution that you will take responsibility for this work, and you will do it, and I will do it. If the group is small, each of you should make such a plan centered around yourselves and swear to it. You must do that. So, now, I must return with the determination to be the experimental one who can implement what I couldn't do, witnessing to one person a week or two people every two weeks, and establish my face before heaven.

Why must it be done that way? Why must it be done that way? If we do not set any limits by 1978, the heavenly operation, the Teacher's operation regarding this world will completely collapse. It will completely collapse. This must match these two worlds... If this is long, it's good, but if it's short, it will crash down heavily. Heaven's plan waits, but this will crash down heavily. You must understand that.

Therefore, when you return, you must become those who can break through the fact that you could not act and work practically based on that standard during the Washington Conference and the two weeks. You must emphasize that such members must also become those who can break through that week. If you can do that, you will have more than enough during these two years. You will have more than enough.

Have the confidence and belief that you will become the ultimate victor. Now, even when you pray, you must know how to command, "If there are good ancestors among my ancestors, listen. If you do not cooperate with me, you will fall under the laws of the spirit world, and if you do cooperate with me, you will enjoy the benefits of this era and the privileges of entering the heavenly kingdom, so all spirits of the spirit world, mobilize." 

Then, the ancestral spirits who hear your words will all coordinate behind the scenes and will teach you in your dreams while you sleep, and when you pray, they will surely guide you with revelations and will work to bind us together. You must command it to be so.

Therefore, even if the unchanging spirit world is mobilized, you must say, "If I mobilize the spirit world and then fail, that will rather block my path, so from now on, I will only advance with an unwavering attitude." There can be no retreat. If there is a retreat, you will be caught. That is why you must rise. When facing spirits, you must say, "Cooperate with me and rest assured. I will go this way." You must set that determination. So, "All my ancestors and all my distant relatives, cooperate with me." If you can push forward with such a background that supports you, the whole will cooperate. You must feel that.

Whenever you wish for the inspiration of the spirit world, if you suddenly feel like going somewhere, you must run there immediately. Do not stop that. If you want to say something to someone, say it right then and start doing such things from now on. And you should now have the pride that you are the one in that state who sleeps the least, who puts in more effort for heaven than anyone else, and who loves and cares for that state more than anyone else. You should have the pride that you have the conditions to be able to do that.

Therefore, if you have become the responsible person of that state, you must make sure that there is no valley or place in that state that you have not visited. You must go everywhere until your feet wear out. And say, "As I move like this, you spirits of the spirit world, if there are any useful people, give them a conscientious stimulus. I will come back again." Then you will look back a second time.

I think if you do that more than three times, problems will arise. Therefore, when you go once, meet one person at that house, when you go a second time, meet another person, and when you go a third time, meet three people at one house and speak to them, if they do not listen to that, that house will perish. All the blessings of that house will be transferred. The spirit world will attack. What does that mean? Because they did not treat guests well, they did not give proper treatment to the distinguished guests of the heavenly kingdom, they will pay for that. This is a dream-like story. It is a dream-like story, but you must understand that it is a reality. The Teacher is a dream-like person. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do not be the person who, after failing despite the cooperation of the spirit world, says, "Oh, I wish the spirit world had not helped me." Be the person who says, "Wow, I'm glad they supported me. That makes sense."

So, while saying, "Wind, blow! Typhoon, come! All persecution, come! The more you come, the richer I become. I will become the ultimate victor of this country." You must have that confidence. "Look at me over three years, look at me over ten years. If I do not die and go out, I will have plenty of money, power, and everything." You must have that confidence, like the Teacher.

Am I rich now in America? Even if I make you all work like servants, even after doing all the work, I am still here. (Laughter) That's right, isn't it? "Yes." It is the same for you as you go. It is the same for you as you go. Just as if you plant a willow tree, a willow will grow, if you have become a branch of Reverend Moon, you should become like Reverend Moon. It is the same. Can you do that? "Yes." Have that disposition. Have that belief. If this belief is weak, do not eat. "Ah, this is a more certain truth than being hungry." When you are hungry, do you long for food? Can you do that? "Yes." Then surely you will all become successful. Do you know why? Because it is important, I am saying this.

Now, you must know that it is becoming such a time. If you do not understand, believe it. After tomorrow, the Teacher's prayers will change. They will be different from the prayers until now.

Now, in front of the communist world, we must resolve all the grievances of those who died at the hands of Lenin, Stalin, and Mao Zedong, so that we can mobilize those spirits and send them to the communist world. That is why we pray like that. It will change. After that, all the dead spirits who opposed Christianity and good people will come back to make up for the games they played on earth. The Christians who prayed to subjugate and overthrow the Roman Empire while being persecuted and massacred for 400 years will now be pushed into the country of evil, the communist world.

And this year, many Unification Church people, especially leaders, have gone to the spirit world. What kind of disease did they die from the most? Cancer and chronic diseases. Isn't that strange? But it is not strange. I think they went to carry those chronic diseases to make up for them rather than die.

So, they will pray for the Teacher in the Unification Church and try to resolve the resentment of those who died without fulfilling the will. They will be granted the privilege to say, "Do as you wish." The Teacher has one direct son and one daughter. Everything is prepared. The people who worked the hardest in the early days of our Unification Church have all gone first. If the Teacher organizes this organization, they will appeal to all spirits and will systematize everything and direct it.

Do you understand what that means? "Yes." Then the system of the spirit world will be established. The earthly world will follow this. From now on, all sorts of things will happen to those who opposed us, including them unknowingly getting their mouths stuck. There will be incidents where they fall unexpectedly. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Then it will be really good.
"Yes." In order to do that, you must not fall under the conditions for indemnity. We must not fall under the conditions for indemnity. Now, when mobilizing the spirit world and activating it, if you cannot take responsibility, you must understand that you and your direct descendants will receive indemnity. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." It will definitely happen. You need to be aware of that.

During the time of Jesus, miracles were performed, but there were no disciples capable of supporting that, leading to the downfall of his clan and the nation of Israel, and all the closest people went to hell. It is the same principle. Did Israel not perish because Jesus was killed? It is the same. On the day you take full responsibility, if you are struck, everything will be taken away.

This kind of historical narrative is being shared for the first time today, right here, in front of you. You need to understand how fearful this place is. You might think, "I don't know what that is," but go to the spirit world. Go to the spirit world. You will understand how true the teacher's words are at that time.

Now, when you look at the communist world, behind the communist world... there will be continuous divisions within the communist party, and the children of the highest officials of the Soviet Communist Party will all unite to oppose their fathers. Just like today, where Satan and humanity oppose from the standpoint of father and son, the highest communist officials in Moscow and their children will become enemies. Everything will split apart. So, what do you think will happen? That matter will be prepared starting tomorrow, from the fourth day onward. Therefore, it is not unreasonable for us to go to Moscow. That will be prepared in the spirit world, and we will prepare externally...

So, if one nation supports us, and two or three nations support us, the leaders of the communist world will be assassinated one after another. Why? Because the spirits that were massacred by them in the real world will massacre them all. They all died miserably. That is the mindset of the leaders. Therefore, according to the principle of cause and effect, it is believed that this will all be settled within one to three generations. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." 

If that does not happen, then God is a dead God. The conclusion is that God has no senses and no bones. All the conditions for indemnity on earth are being settled, and because the teacher is taking full responsibility, such a path is being opened, making it possible. Therefore, you must understand that God has been enduring for 6,000 years, hoping for that day.

Now, you must have a general understanding. This needs to be known by all of you in leadership positions. All the international leaders are gathered here. Therefore, you must understand that this needs to be uniformly taught to all members of the Unification Church worldwide. So from now on, let’s leap forward, let’s leap forward. Is that possible? "Yes." Good. That means it is not just between me and you, but between God and you. That will become your eternal vow. I will trust you.

A nation with the economic power to move the world must emerge. 

Now that you generally understand, we need to make work plans. Would it be good if we became the richest in the world? Do we need money? "Yes." Would it be better if we had more money than the United States? "Yes." Would it be good if the Unification Church had all the best young people in the world? "Yes." Therefore, we must gather the world's wealth and become the richest, and the Unification Church must have more of the world's best young people than any other nation. This is the teacher's goal.

In the future world, it will depend on who controls the money... You need to understand this. The current era is one where the development of productive goods and scientific civilization has brought forth convenient products for humanity, meaning that the countries capable of producing these goods possess the world's wealth. Such countries are advanced nations. For those countries, the market is everywhere. The entire world is a market. Therefore, it is impossible not to become rich. Thus, having productive power is the highest goal of a nation, and each country has competed based on that. What was once one advanced nation has now become a group of advanced nations.

However, what problem arises here? No matter how much productive power a country has, if it cannot secure the market rights to sell, that country becomes a secondary nation. The era of struggle for productive power has passed. That was what dominated the world. Now, that era is passing, and what is needed is to win in the battle for market control to possess the economic power of the world.

Next, what is happening now? We have entered an era where, no matter how much productive capacity and market a country has, if it does not have raw materials, everything becomes futile. We are entering an era of raw material competition. It has become a time when possessing raw materials is essential to hold the wealth of the world. Do you understand? The oil troubles that arose in the Arab world... That is a desert region with nothing. That country, which has nothing, has plunged the entire world into economic turmoil and shaken it. You all felt that well three years ago, right? 

So, who will hold the economic power of the future world? The person who can control the production of raw materials from each country and manage it within a global system will hold the economic power of the world. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."

So what kind of era are we in now? If the producing countries, market countries, and raw material countries do not come together to pursue common interests, the economic system of the future will be chaotic and collapse. We are entering such an era. Therefore, the entire world must create such an organization that does not distribute the total profits solely to the producing or market countries, or else we will not be able to survive in the future.

That is why I believe that if we can create a global economic system that can control that, wars will end, racial discrimination will end, and all divisions will cease. That is the teacher's thought. Isn’t that right? If that happens, life will be shared, living will be shared, laughing will be shared, and liking will be shared. The people in developing countries will need to be placed in a system where they do not have to invest anymore to reach advanced countries.

Now, what must happen to make that play possible? A principal nation with the economic power to move the world, a nation that can eternally hold such thoughts and ideals, must emerge. Without that, it is impossible. That is why the teacher thinks, "I will make the Unification Church a wealthy Unification Church that does not exist in the world."

A Unification Church with the ability and foundation to control the global economy beyond borders.

Now, what will be the problem later? If there are national sentiments, there will be struggles for hegemony, so we must transcend national sentiments. This is the problem. Americans think that America will hold hegemony, and Soviets think that the Soviet Union will hold hegemony. That cannot happen. There must be a special nation that transcends such concepts. There must be a group with special ideological thoughts. Without that, there will be no way to prevent future economic wars, and a peaceful era will not come to the world. The teacher intends to do that with my own hands. To do that, we must create a world bank. We must create a world bank with such ideals.

When such a nation spreads throughout the world, if I give orders to those people here, no matter what the national laws are, if I say, "Do not buy American Ford cars, buy Japanese Toyota cars," they will buy Toyota cars. It is impossible without a global organization and power that can do that. Even if they are undoubtedly Americans, if the country tells them to buy Ford cars, they will still buy Toyota cars. Such things can only be done by a group with an ideological foundation that has the ability to cross borders and adjust economic sales. Do you understand that? "Yes."

To do such things, it cannot be done without a great religion, a great global religion, and a country with a great global organization. In that regard, currently, communists are capable. I see it that way. Next, the Unification Church is capable. Our Unification Church is the best religiously and can surpass communism ideologically, so only the Unification Church can do that.

Now, if I command, "All members of the Unification Church around the world, completely take off the clothes you are wearing and gather them in one place," can we do that? "Yes." Even if the country opposes it and the newspapers make a fuss, we will do that. (Laughter) Therefore, if I make a contract with a factory, I can sell globally. If there is a Ford company here, I can make a contract with Ford and sell more than half of everything they produce, and then I can do as I please. I can control the president and hire as many employees as I want. Will they listen to me or not? "They will listen." So, there is no problem.

That is why I think I will control the largest company called General Motors. I am thinking like this. Excuse me, but that might make you feel uncomfortable. Even if it feels uncomfortable, there is nothing you can do. Just wait and see. If those people, the presidents, come to me and request a meeting, I will say I do not want to request a meeting. That is how I think. I am a person who thinks that way, even if I have nothing.

Do you acknowledge that you have the ability to do that? "Yes." If you believe that and it does not work out, what will you do? Will you not complain if it does not work out? "Yes." Then that’s good. However, there is one prerequisite. Just do as I say, just do as I say. The conclusion is this. If I want to go this way, I will go that way if you tell me to go that way. If you can do that, it will work.

And if I seize the global raw materials and then control the sales organization, I will have all the conditions to choke the producers. No matter how well America produces, what does it matter if they do not sell the raw materials? They will not give them without my consent. Even if there is a market, if it is not me, they cannot sell it. America will perish. It will perish.

So I am thinking of sewing up all the raw material producing countries from now on. The fundraising you are doing now is also to train you for business that can be sold anywhere in the world in the future. I am training people from Japan, America, Germany, and even Africa to do such training. I am doing it now. Do you know why? Even if you say bad things about Reverend Moon selling peanuts in America, no matter how much you do that... Just wait and see. Just wait and see. You think that you will enter my net if you do that. Our Unification Church members must have confidence that they move according to the principles of economic philosophy.

Ah, what good is it to just create a factory? If you make too much, you will have to throw it all away. If you only have the ability to utilize the fundraising organization, you can choke them all. That is an undeniable fact. Do you understand, believe, and know that? "I understand." Good.

The path to becoming the richest in the world.

Why do I specifically want to come to America and do meat business? This is not just meat; the sea accounts for one-third of the raw material market in the world. Isn’t that right? It is undeniable, right? "Yes." Are there diamond mines in the sea? "Yes." There is more than twice the area of land. Because I am doing this work, the work of God's restoration providence, I believe there will be more than twice as much. (Laughter) What else is in the sea? There are seaweeds and fish. All of this becomes food. The area with seaweed is about twice the area of land with trees. And there are also fish. There are countless fish.

Now, would a person who thinks like this not take an interest in that? I am more interested in that than in land. Do you think so too? You guys! "Yes." Do you like the sea or not? "I like it." You say you like it when you hear this, but when you cannot think of such things, you would say you dislike it even if I tell you to like the sea. (Laughter) In that sense, I am thinking about the sea.

Now, how should we do business in the sea? We need to catch fish and sell them, and we must transport all the raw materials. Therefore, I will seize the transportation routes, land, sea, and air. Why is this necessary? Even if we have a sales organization in the future, if we do not have transportation routes... You need to understand that having fast transportation routes will lead to victory in the same field.

While I am riding in a Lincoln limousine, what I like is the refrigerated truck. I like refrigerated trucks, vroom... While ordinary people dislike them, I am very interested in that. It is not about the Lincoln limousine; even though I am riding in a Lincoln limousine, I am more interested in that truck.

Our women, you all need to learn to drive trucks in the future, you need to learn to drive. Since women need to learn to drive, men do not need to ask. (Laughter) Now, our Unification Church members, I will establish a rule. Anyone from the Unification Church who receives a public task will take it and work for three hours. If we establish such a principle, it will be three hours of driving.

If that happens, Unification Church members will just need to raise a flag high. After driving for three hours, they will enter the neighborhood, stop the car, and go to the house with the flag and say, "Come out and drive." They will respond, "Yes," and go wherever. Trucks will just roam freely. That is only possible for the Unification Church. Only the Unification Church can do that. Can you do that? "Yes." Can you become truck drivers? "Yes." (Laughter) Why? After doing that... Don’t you want to become a queen after becoming a truck driver? Don’t say it can’t be done.

Therefore, our transportation organization will run anywhere 24 hours a day. That can happen, right? "Yes." From here, we will load a truck with fish and go to Chicago to distribute it, and if there are fruits in Chicago, we will load apples, and then we will load vegetables from the northern region, and if necessary, we will go there... Transportation companies will be formed automatically due to our seafood transportation.

Next is aviation... This time, I transported tuna from Tokyo, Japan, by airplane to Japan. We must completely seize all organizational transportation relationships in land, sea, and air. We will make that our company. We will make the airline our company.

Now, think about it. Exporting something from land to a foreign country...
If we say we are going to send it to Denmark, you know, it gets sold from some transportation company there, and it has to go through maritime transport to the airline company, so how complicated is that? We don’t need that. If we just deliver it to the Unification Church, from land to sea to air, anywhere all at once… with just one label, if you write the label once, it all goes. Just write it once, and that’s it. Can that be done or not? “It can be done.” In the future, if a war breaks out, we can even help the country at war. We can sail the ship, load military supplies, and then rest for about six months somewhere. That can be done. We are creating such an organization.

Next, we will create a large bank. By establishing a bank, we can give and receive money from any country. Then what will we do? We will establish our Unification Church companies in each country. We will create comprehensive companies in each field. Although it will be a global Unification Church company, the people of that country will become the president of that company, and the people of that country will become shareholders.

So, we will occupy everything, including the profits made by foreign companies buying and selling raw materials produced in that country. “If the price is the same, don’t send it to Japan or the United States. Send it to our company address.” This means that the profits of that country and the income of its citizens will undoubtedly increase, so the country cannot refuse. Then we will be able to control all the raw materials that go out of that country. Can that be done or not? “It can be done.”

If we just seize this and create transportation institutions and sales networks, we will become the world’s number one rich. This is theoretical. It’s not delusional; it’s theoretical. A businessman who can move goods quickly from one end of the earth to the other can sell first. If that person brings ten items first, they will sell them all, and then those who come later will raise their hands. If we have this, there’s no doubt that Reverend Moon will become the world’s number one rich. I see it this way. Do you think it will happen? Is this fanciful or theoretical? “It’s theoretical.” If you think it’s theoretical, then you should start thinking that way from now on.

Thus, by controlling raw materials and acquiring the organizational authority for production and sales globally, we will then control all transportation relationships through transportation and change them to our advantage. It means we don’t even need a factory. We don’t need a factory. That’s why even if I don’t have money in the United States, I need to do such future work, so I am training you with empty hands to teach you how to make money. Selling… So, should we continue this fundraising or not? “We should.” They are scolding about that. They say to scold them.

So from now on, I will create an organization that makes money and becomes the world’s number one rich… The plan to make money is already set, and now we are putting it into practice. The day this organization fits perfectly will be the problem. Now that all those plans are finished, we are entering the era of implementation. Should we do that or not? “We should.” The person who utilizes the fastest path is the wise person.

Our plan for a global machine factory
What do we have now? We currently have a Unification Industrial Machine Factory, then a Ilhwa Ginseng Tea Factory, then a Titanium Factory, and then a Stone Factory. We are planning to sell these globally. Do you understand? “Yes.”

You need to take an interest in that. You should think of it as my factory. “This is my factory, my factory.” Think like that. First, think of it as my factory. “I have to sell the products coming out of this factory. Even though I am a woman, I have to sell. I hope I can sell quickly.” That’s how it should be. Is that right? “Yes.” You listen to the teacher’s words and say “yes.” Have you prepared to say “yes” from before? You just did it now. (Laughter)

Now, what will be the biggest issue in the world going forward? The one that leads modern civilization is machine civilization, machine civilization. So, in that regard, we need to break through to acquire the technology that no country in the world, whether it be Germany, the United States, Japan, or any other, possesses. Wouldn’t that be good? “Yes.” So, we are doing that now. I have placed all the smart people among our Japanese members in the most difficult places for designing Japanese machine factories or technology. So now I hold all the secrets of various companies.

Now, what will happen to the United States in the future? The same goes for large factories in the United States. We will place Unification Church members there. We will place them in Germany too. In France, Italy, and the UK… the time has come for that. So when we say, “Gather all the technicians of the world!” they will all gather in one place with the best technology. Will they come or not? “They will come.” Even if they can’t go out, they will come as spies. It’s possible to say that they will come even if they have to act as spies for their country. Is that possible or impossible? “It’s possible.” If the U.S. government blocks them, they can give up their U.S. nationality and become Vietnamese. Isn’t that right? “That’s right.” If the German government opposes it and the German people oppose it, they will do it even if they have to abandon the German government. In the future, we will have to penetrate even into the Soviet Union. I hold all the world’s best secrets.

This time, when creating the Unification Industrial factory, Mr. Moon came and said something in his own way, but I told him to stop that and to look around all the large factories in the U.S., Germany, and the UK. “Hey, is time a problem?” I made them all look around, and I redesigned everything to build the best modern factory. It has moved to Changwon in Korea, and many people come to see that factory. Did I do well or not? “You did well.” I have placed all the good machines there. Now we can make anything. If you just give me the design, we can make anything. Would you like to visit there once? “Yes.” It’s different from the factory that used to be in Sutak-ri. The level is different.

So what will we do? We will create a factory here and… we will need to create parts factories in the U.S. and other countries… We will bring all our young people from the UK, France, Italy, and Germany and train them there for a year and a half. What will we do after training them? They will return to their countries and create factories. We will make it possible for them to create factories in a short time by making and sending the machines needed to create factories. It doesn’t matter if the name is different. It doesn’t matter if the name is different. So, we will combine the machines of that country with the excellent machines of our Unification Church to create factories. If we do that in developed countries, we will be able to create branch factories in 120 countries worldwide. Can that be done or not? “It can be done.” If it was made in our factory, we will send all the machines there so they can make it.

So, what will we do with that? If Germany is the most famous for machine factories, we will make that German branch a world central factory for assembling machines. Then we will make parts cheaply all over the world. Whenever and wherever a blueprint is provided, we will be able to produce it. And when there are massive orders at once, we will create a technical team that can move hundreds of people, going to this country to assemble and that country to assemble. We will create such mobile technical teams.

If we do this, no one can compete with us, not even the largest factories in the United States. Once we make just one part there, we can respond to any order in a short time. By gathering globally, we can accomplish what others will take ten years to do in just one year. And if we just create a construction company, we can also create national factories in no time. Think about how that would be. If that happens, the whole world will become our sales route. We are planning to create such factories in the near future. In case of emergency, famous technicians from American factories will come in groups of hundreds. Then, a tremendous issue will arise globally.

So, should we do this or not? “We should.” That’s why I’m giving these instructions. Neil, you need to quickly gather all the electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, chemical engineering, and engineering graduates in the U.S. French leaders, do you understand? German leaders, where did you go? Paul, where did you go? Did you go? “Yes.” Then the British leaders! You need to know that we will gradually move the relevant personnel here until April of next year. So, you should take those relevant people out and send all the documents. Bohee! Make sure to take notes. “Yes.” Now, in mechanical engineering, the Unification Church will become the best.

Ginseng is a tremendous economic resource
Next is the ginseng tea factory, the ginseng tea factory. Everyone, we are trying to create an activity system that can utilize this organization as a foundation for a collective organizational base. This year, we imported $13 million worth of our ginseng from Japan. Then how much did the U.S. do? How much is it? The U.S. has not even done $100,000. Has the U.S. fallen behind or advanced? “It has fallen behind.” In the future, if Americans eat ginseng, they will all get better. They will be able to hear well. If you look at their appearance… This U.S. market is a tremendous market. So, should we sell this ginseng or not? Where’s Neil! “I will sell it.” Who? “I will sell it.” That’s settled, it’s settled. (Laughter) Then what will you do? “We will also sell it.”

Listen to me. I did fundraising in Japan, selling peanuts and flowers, but that won’t work. So, to sell higher, more advanced products, to transition to this ginseng tea, the teacher made a three-year plan, but at first, I didn’t want to import even one-tenth of it. So I said, “You guys, even if you lose, do it! You guys!” While scolding them, I pushed them to do what they didn’t want to do, saying, “If we do it for three years, it will work, so why not?” Now, they say, “Thank you, teacher.” They say that if we hadn’t done it, it would have been a big problem.

So it is gradually expanding automatically. We need to make the U.S. do the same. Once Americans start eating ginseng, they won’t be able to stop. They will sell their houses to eat it. Once women start eating it, their skin becomes beautiful, and when you touch their bodies, they become the kind of bodies that husbands really like. (Laughter) That’s right. They won’t age either. They won’t age. Mrs. Choi (Choi Won-bok) here, when she was young, ate a lot of ginseng, and now at sixty-two, she looks like she’s in her twenties. (Laughter) They don’t age. I’m doing ginseng business now, but I didn’t believe in ginseng like that. I didn’t believe in the five-thousand-year history or anything. But once I tried it, I realized I couldn’t stop eating it.

Everyone, there’s ginseng candy, and what is it? Honey ginseng, I tried that, and if I eat just one in the morning, I won’t feel tired until lunch, even if I talk until dinner. And even if my legs feel stiff, they become all smooth. It feels like all the cells are moving after just thirty minutes of eating it. It’s really amazing. The dull energy in my eyes disappears, and there’s nothing I can do about it. When older people’s hands become thin, if they eat that, moisture comes back. Also, when I cut my nails, they were cut neatly, but once I start eating that, they don’t get cut. They don’t fall off. They don’t fall off neatly. Once you start eating that, it doesn’t break. Older people will want to eat this. Once they start eating it, during menopause, they will sell their houses to eat it. (Laughter)

Everyone, this is a vast, tremendous economic resource. This is the result of my experiment; I’m not just talking about selling ginseng. This is tremendous. That’s why many people in Japan say they have recovered from illnesses after eating this. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” Unification Church members should live long, right? “Yes.” And even if they live long, they want to live young, right? “Yes.” Because selling ginseng will provide more opportunities to eat ginseng than not selling it, to live long and healthy, we cannot avoid this. (Laughter)

This time, something amazing happened. Our captain, who is now about to die from stomach cancer, is in pain and struggling, but when he eats ginseng extract, he says he doesn’t feel pain during that time. Truly, from that, we can see that there are components that prevent cancer. So when he feels pain, he eats it, and when he feels pain, he eats it; he is doing this now. From that, we can see that it has considerable power in that regard. At the initial stage, it may have the power to heal.

Recently, there was an article in a magazine about that, right? “Yes.” So our Unification Church members are doing good business among businesses. No matter how much they sell, they won’t be criticized. (Laughter) And once someone starts eating ginseng, they will undoubtedly become a supporting member of the Unification Church. They can evangelize all of them. They can even stay at their homes and become friends with their families. How great is that? They can make money and evangelize. It’s the same for those people. It can be good, and the conditions for becoming friends will increase more and more. They recover from illnesses, their bodies become strong, and their health improves, which all becomes a factor for unity.

That’s why the leaders of the world, of course, the leaders here in the United States, need to take an interest in ginseng tea from now on. If we don’t do this like Japan, we will all regret it if we don’t make the effort first. Now, those who say, “I won’t sell ginseng tea,” are all regretting it. If you don’t do it first, you will be completely left behind.

To move the world, we need vast economic power
In Japan, the teacher’s plan is to raise the sales to $36 million to $40 million a year. Then how much money will fall to Japan? That’s the import price, the import price. More than five times the money will fall to the Japanese church. That becomes the foundation. It’s a vast foundation.

From that perspective, when we look at the conditions of Japan and the United States, the U.S. will definitely sell close to five times that of Japan. Considering the population and economic level, it is double, so this is a normal calculation. Then think about how much that is. From that perspective, in the U.S., in a month… How much is five times? “If $40 million is multiplied by five, it’s $200 million.” $200 million, it could go from $200 million to $300 million.
It's possible. With that amount of money, it could be useful for the Unification Church. If we sell it here, the price will drop by almost five times. We're talking about a drop equivalent to 2 billion won. 

Now, with that money, Neil wouldn't be envious of the U.S. President, right? Depending on the efforts made to pioneer here, it's certain that vast economic capital will flow in. So now, from Japan to the United States... How much have we received permission for from the Japanese bank? Is it 20 million dollars? "Including what hasn’t arrived yet, it’s 10 million dollars." No, I mean the permission we’ve granted. Until 1978, right? "Yes, it’s 20 million dollars." We are currently in the process of obtaining permission from the bank for an amount equivalent to 20 million dollars.

From now on, we need to focus on the United States and spread that influence worldwide. Therefore, making money... I’ve made Japan profitable and laid the entire economic foundation. Who will lay the foundation for the U.S.? I must do it. Neil cannot do it. I have to do it.

We need to create such vast resources to build an international mobile unit... We need to create an economic power that surpasses any state to sweep through this world. Looking at the current operational costs, it's 5 dollars per person, per day. If we send 10,000 people, how much is that? If we mobilize 10,000 people, how much is it per day? It’s 50,000 dollars. That’s 50,000 dollars a day. How much is that in a month? 1.5 million dollars, that’s right, 1.5 million dollars.

Now, when considering international prestige, can we manage with just 5 dollars? At the very least, including hotel costs, we need to budget 30, 40, or even 50 dollars. How much would that be? 15 million dollars. How much would that be in twelve months? We would need an amount equivalent to 200 million dollars. Once that happens, everyone will be staying in first-class hotels. Then, young people from around the world will rush to join the international mobile unit, even if it means breaking their heads. Do you think that will happen? "I think so." So, we need to make that happen.

If that happens, that country will be saying, "Come on over! Come on over!" If we spend 15 million dollars a month, within three months, they’ll be begging us not to leave and saying, "Stay in our country." Do you think that will happen? "Yes." This is the kind of activity we are trying to develop. Therefore, we need to earn that vast amount of money. Are you interested in this? "Yes."

We need to meticulously plan and train to reclaim Asia that has been taken over by the communist bloc. 

Now, your sons and daughters will be able to live off the money earned from ginseng sales. Japan has already reached that point. So, do you want to do it or not? "We will." Now, you need to make specific plans, specifically.

So, what should we do? We need to move one American and two Japanese for training. I am thinking that we need to train them as soon as possible. Why do we need to do this? Because Americans don’t know about ginseng, but Asians do, so if Japanese people sell it, they can reach a wider Asian market. Initially, that’s how it will be, but later, we need to completely switch it around so that even if Asians retreat, Americans can sell it. We need to learn all the methods that the Japanese members have used. I mean, learn it during training. Just learn it as it is, without question. We need to learn that.

Why do we need to learn? Because that is the fast track. We’ve already been training for 3 or 4 years. Do you understand? "Yes." Now, what should the Japanese members do? From now on, we need to change all evangelism and church activities into ginseng tea sales activities. 

Then, in fundraising, since Japan has already been ahead in that area, I think we need to take a leading role in that as well. The members currently involved in MFT (Mobile Fundraising Team) activities are also thinking that in the future, they need to sell ginseng tea, they need to sell ginseng. Do you understand that? "Yes."

Now, what should the American members do? They need to be able to develop the church even without Japanese members. Do you have the confidence to do that? "Yes." I want to test that. The responsibility of the Japanese members is now over. The responsibility of Kamiyama is over. All the responsibilities I originally planned when I brought them are already over. What do you think? Even if we remove all the Japanese and European members, can you still have a more progressive influence in the U.S. with just you all? That’s what I want to ask. "Yes." Until now, haven’t you thought, "If there are no Japanese members, we can just do it ourselves"? Haven’t you thought that a lot? "No." You thought about it internally, right? Even if you didn’t say it, you thought that, didn’t you? (Laughter) Now we are entering that time.

Also, now the teacher is thinking of creating an Asian association. I am thinking of creating an Asian association. So from now on, I think we need to make personnel adjustments. What we need to think about now is that since all of Asia is being drawn into the communist bloc, we need to unite Asia and train them to reclaim it. Therefore, we must urgently address the issues of uniting Japanese members, Korean expatriates, and Chinese members. We have entered that time. Then we will sell our ginseng tea.

So, in the future, we need to create a newspaper for Asians and also establish a bank to train all the politicians of Asia here, and prepare for the reclamation movement. Therefore, we need to create a temporary government for Vietnam here, and we need to establish a government form for countries that have fallen into the communist bloc, like Laos. Should we do that or not? "We should."

America is the only paradise that can do that. It’s a place of blessing. We need to quickly restrict the embassies of countries like China and carry out a complete encirclement operation. Once that happens, the next problem will be significant. We need to prepare for that. We need to organize such a structure in the future, so it has become time to rotate important Asians in that regard. Therefore, I am considering personnel adjustments. Do you understand? "Yes." If that happens, the responsibility will be significant.

Now, the goal for each state is 600 members, from now until 1978. (While writing on the board) We also need to create a mobile unit... So here, all the people who were part of the mobile unit in the past need to be brought back. We need to prepare quickly from now on. And the team leaders below also need to quickly gather all the people who were doing it before. Are there people? "Yes." Are there people? "Yes." Gather all those people.

And here, for the capable long-term members in the headquarters... In the headquarters office or similar places, I think we should hire new people rather than older ones. Also, we need to replace all the start members of the New York church with new people, and the people who have been responsible until now should be assigned to each state to become active agents.

And those security members, who have done various jobs until now, there are also excellent people there... Now that the Washington conference and such events are all over, I think it won’t be a problem to not emphasize that too much, so we should try to take out as many important people as possible... From now on, we need to deploy key members to each state for these activities.

To cultivate talent, we need to attract theologians and university professors.

And Belvedere, who is that? Michael what.... "Michael Mayo." Starting tomorrow, the D.C. Striders... "They left today." They left? "Yes." Oh, that's okay. That’s just a movement. From now on, we need to focus on the D.C. Striders. That has a lot of potential to enhance our global reputation and become a group we can be proud of. So, that’s the personnel adjustment. There’s no objection to that, right? "Yes." Have the state leaders been adjusted for three months? "But there are some gaps." We need to quickly fill all the gaps. "Seven states are vacant." Why did that happen? "Mostly because of the seminary." I know that well. There are some slight obstacles now, but those people cannot avoid going to seminary.

Next year, we need to quickly graduate all the state leaders from the seminary. And we need to make sure that everyone who has contributed to our church quickly graduates from graduate school. So we need to graduate everyone. If our members increase, we plan to split the group into two. We are thinking of making it twice as large and even up to four times larger. That way, we can cultivate talent. If that happens, we will have 400 members. Even if we have just 50 people, that’s 20 for 4 (4×5=20), and we will have 400 theology students studying, and if we add a third of them pursuing a doctoral course, that is, up to 150, we will have a total of about 550 members, and we will be able to accommodate about 600. So we are planning to accommodate up to 800.

We are currently conducting a movement to attract famous theologians from around the world. It has been a year now, but I haven’t interfered at all, and all the professors who have come here have become supporters of the Unification Church. (Cheers) So this year, we will send the eight people graduating here to famous theological graduate schools in the U.S. to pursue doctoral courses, sending them under renowned professors. When they return, they will be able to teach our principles at our seminary... Then we will be able to grant doctoral degrees in various fields. When they return, they won’t just come back; they will bring their lead professors if possible. If we double their salary, we can bring them anytime.

Then, all the world-renowned theologians will come. That’s possible. Even now, we are gathering scientists and putting them all together. Among the scholars scattered around the world, there is no one who doesn’t know Reverend Moon. That’s for sure, right? Do you know that? So in the future, even Nobel Prize winners will all become friends.

We will gather such global scholars to compete with established church scholars, and I will watch the scholars fight among themselves. It won’t last long. It won’t last long. Then, if there’s time, we will publish books to show how great our principle content is... This time, who was it? Richardson came and promoted for six hours. He said that all the world’s theologians should bow their heads to this. We will cultivate and use them like that.

If we quickly establish a university, all the university professors will become our friends. So, should we create a university or not? "We should." Neil, you all need to graduate from that graduate school too. So what do we need for that? We need money. (Laughter)

Also, next year, we need to create a newspaper. We said we would create a newspaper on the first day of the lunar new year. Originally, we planned to create it in September, but we postponed it due to the Yankee Stadium event, so we must create the newspaper from the first day of next year. Now, it’s getting complicated. We have no money, but a lot to do. (Laughter) We have to do that. Should we do it or not? "We should." Should we buy land here or not? "We should."

Look at what we did this year. Look at what we did this year. We bought land this year. Look at that. We bought the New Yorker Hotel, and then we bought the Manhattan Center... Do you know we bought the Manhattan Center? "Yes." You don’t know what’s happening as things keep unfolding. So we will build here in New York, and then in Tokyo, and then in London.

What will we do next? I will create entertainment companies worldwide and control all the renowned companies globally. I will make money and do that work. I will control global trends. Until now, all the bad guys, those who disrupt public morals, have created trends and ruined the world, but when I do it, it will be fixed. But what will happen if the teacher dies?

The Manhattan Center and the New Yorker Hotel need repairs. I think it will take about 8 million dollars to do this. So where will that money come from? (Laughter) Therefore, even if you can’t help much, you need to try to help a little.

And right now, they are asking for 3 million dollars to buy a ship, but we negotiated it down to 2 million dollars. So we need to pay 2 million dollars in cash within a few days. After that, we will also acquire a company. We will buy all the fish caught by the main ship that operates in the sea, and then we will buy everything from the wholesalers coming into the port, and then we will create a refrigeration company to store everything. Then we will transport everything. What I talked about today is what we are currently doing.

After that, we need to build ships. We need to build ships. Since we cannot build large ships in someone else's company, we need to build them ourselves. How can the teacher do all this alone? So I need to find someone among you who can take on this responsibility. Who can take on this? That’s the problem. If you give me that responsibility, I will work without burdening the teacher, but that’s my dream. I hope someone will raise their hand. I don’t believe this. (Laughter)

Now, I have to assign such responsibilities, and I’m thinking about who to take. There should be someone from Germany, right? (To the interpreter) "Yes, I was thinking of suggesting to the Father that we need to attach someone below him. So we should have two people working together." Then we need to decide who to take out. Who should we take out? Raise your hand if you know how to manage finances. And if you can do diplomacy! "Father, there is a child in Sunburst who has a master's degree in finance." Who, who? "In Sunburst... They are not here now. It’s a person named Rob Shoos who specializes in marketing. They studied marketing and have a master's degree. They have two degrees." (Interpreter Park Bo-hee’s words) Then let’s give them full responsibility from now on. "Let’s try them out first and see their abilities..." Immediately, I need to see who that person is. "Yes, they will come here tomorrow." What kind of person are they? "They are a very gentle girl..." Being gentle alone isn’t enough. "No, they are also capable and have good faith." Raise your hand if you would like to be given that opportunity. Will everyone go? (Laughter) Before going there, I will first let them experience the joy of boarding a ship.
You don't qualify. "I won't pass."  
Raise your hand if you are strong in the sea. "Shall we ask what you have done? (Interpreter)" Go ahead and ask what they have done. Have you ever faced a typhoon? "I have faced one..." (Laughter) Next person? "I served as a communications officer in the Navy for four years." Did you do wireless communication? "No, I didn't." It would have been good if you had. Next person? "I was on a destroyer for three years." (Laughter) Next person? "I don't have three years of experience, so I'm not a deputy captain..." (Interpreter) What are you doing now? "I am a mid-level manager in Washington, D.C." Then you should decide right away to come out of there and be a person who goes to the ship. (Applause) We need more people like that. We need more of those kinds of people.  
Captains need to have good faith and must risk their lives to go out to sea. Now, when we buy a large ship, if Allen goes to buy the 'New Hope' ship, there need to be two people responsible for that as well. We need two people right away. (Applause) Even if Allen goes, he won't be able to become a captain right away. So we need to hire someone as a captain and train them. And now we are planning to buy another 80-foot ship. So if you go, you will be absolutely needed there.  
Can you operate a 100-foot, 70-foot, or 60-foot ship by yourself? Then do you think you can take responsibility in Seattle, where you can create three ships and operate them without running a deficit? "Yes." (Laughter) Really? Then you will also decide to come out of there and be a person who goes to the ship. That's good. (Applause)  
Now, among you, if anyone wants to go to the sea, or if anyone has graduated from a maritime university or has experience living as a sailor, recommend them quickly. You should pick someone who can be responsible there. You all know, so it's okay to take about 7 or 8 people from here and send them. Good, let's take them from here. "Those who are not here..." Even if they are not here, let's take them. If they come tomorrow, we can have a few more to spare... Have you all graduated from university? Which school did you graduate from? "I have a bachelor's degree (Interpreter)." That person doesn't have a degree. That's okay. You attended for three years, right? "Yes."  
We need to decide on five people to take from here right now... "It would be good to have lunch tomorrow and bring 20 people for interviews and make a decision. There are not suitable people here... (Interpreter)" It would be better to take as many as possible from here... We need many people to go to the ship. I have thought about how many people we need to go to the ship, and it's about a hundred. We need to select a hundred people. We need about 150 for the ship. So we need to train them. "Among the Japanese blessed families, there are also strong people for the sea... (Interpreter)" That's also being considered. But first, we need to focus on Americans...  
Here, John Swart and Joseph Setting should choose to work on the ship, as I believe it will be the most progressive and beneficial path forward. Think about that. "I..." (Laughter) If you do it, you will do it. You have significant potential in this area, and your temperament fits... We need to decide on one regional leader for Boston, one for New York, one for New Orleans, one for California, one for Los Angeles, and one for San Francisco, and one for Seattle. We need five people. "I..." You can do it. (Laughter)  
This will become significant within a few years, very significant. Have you thought about supervising in shipbuilding, or supervising in a ship company? Can you do that? That all needs to be done. Go out to sea and do that and everything... At first, I will be the overall supervisor and give directions, and then I need to raise excellent people as representatives to be the overall responsible persons there. If they do well, they will be used as leaders. I think that long-established families should be involved.  
What is your name, old man? "Humphrey!" What are you doing now, old man? You must live and die by the command, whatever the command may be. In the future, if possible, I plan to train all young people for ship training. Those who perform well will be sent to fisheries colleges and maritime universities to become captains of grand ships like freight men.  
To do that, we need to start training from fishing. Captains need to have good faith and must risk their lives to go out to sea. So we need to have an interest in ships. And during the summer, everyone should go out to sea for a month or so to experience fishing. That's what I'm thinking. I have an interest in ships, and I do everything, so you all should too... It's not that I like ships. I have the mindset that we need to develop the fishing industry in America. If it's not me, there will be no one to develop it. Do you understand? "Yes." Women too, all women. Including couples and children, I plan to have them on the ship for several months to eat and train. This way, the wives will also say they like the ship, and the children will also say they like the ship, so everyone will ride together. When you go on the ship, you can always eat good fish. (Laughter) Now you know what you need to do.  
Instructions during the World Leaders Conference  
Now I will tell you the instructions, so write them down so you don't forget. Write "Instructions during the World Leaders Conference in the USA and the World on October 3, 1976."  
1. Unification Industry and the World  
First is personnel training. Second is technology equalization. The world must quickly rise to this equal level. Third is factory establishment. The countries that need to do this in the coming years include Korea, Japan, the USA, Germany, the UK, France, Italy, and so on. First, the world powers must do this. After that, we will expand to 120 countries centered around those countries.  
2. Ilhwa Ginseng Company and the World  
First is securing personnel in the USA. As mentioned earlier, we need to place one American for every two Japanese in all 50 states. And we need to add more in major cities. How many people do we need there? "About ten." That's not many. First, we need to secure personnel. Second is how to improve sales techniques. Third is the issue of subsidiary factories centered around Ilhwa Pharmaceuticals. In other words, we need to create subsidiary factories. We need to make ginseng drink companies, ginseng cosmetics companies, and many other things. We need to create such factory facilities and produce raw materials here because we cannot bring everything from there due to the vast transportation costs. We need to prepare for that now.  
3. Fisheries Industry and the World  
First is the issue of personnel training. I think we need to secure 150 people by April next year. We cannot afford not to do that. Second is technology training. It's about acquiring technology. What is it? It's fishing technology. Third is the issue of auxiliary factories. We need to establish factories that produce sausages and various other products. We also need to create canning factories. Fourth, we need to establish wholesalers. Fifth, we need to expand the transportation department. Sixth, we need to secure sales outlets. We need to secure small sales outlets, and to do this, we need 150 personnel immediately.  
4. Secure 600 personnel in each state  
First is promotional activities and TV. We need to promote everything through the media, publish in newspapers, and promote nationally on television. We need to quickly create an editorial team that can publish our principles in the Washington Post, New York Times, Chicago Tribune, and Los Angeles Times. So we will publish everything in the newspapers, filling two pages. Regardless of whether anyone sees it or not, we must publish it.  
Next is broadcasting. We are preparing for that now, so we will create a two-hour TV broadcast and then plan to extend it to four hours... up to twelve hours. We plan to advertise in such a way that we can create an atmosphere to evangelize 600 people in the state. This means 30,000 people, 30,000 people. We need to evangelize 30,000 people by June 1978. That leaves us with 1 year and 9 months. Right? That's not an easy task.  
To do that, we need to reorganize the mobile teams. We need to reorganize the mobile teams into a strong mobile unit. So the leaders here need to go out as mobile team leaders and speakers, including Bohee and Neil, and we need to take a few people out. If we are short, we can send Chotley and all of them to collaborate with the training centers to ensure that there are no disruptions and put them on a path to real development.  
And if possible, this time, the mobile teams should go to states where they can have a more effective impact, where they can create an atmosphere to evangelize many people in a short time, and stay there for a long time. So we need to bring in people who have excellent evangelistic results. We need to gather people who can definitely evangelize one person each week. So those who produce long-term results will definitely be changed to state leaders. We will organize all the state leaders here and retrain them. This way, we will create capable individuals.  
So, Rainer, you need to lead international people and train these famous mobile team members. That responsibility lies with Rainer. So we need to gather the previous leaders and organize a strong organization. We need to quickly create 300 people. How many did we have before? It became 50, right? "Yes." Create 300 people quickly, in groups of 100. Quickly evangelize and select excellent people from those evangelized to make 100 people. Eliminate those of lower quality. And evangelize all excellent people to bring in new excellent individuals.  
Then the question is about strengthening personal evangelism. This should be our goal. We need to strengthen personal evangelism, personal evangelism. We need to train for that. We need to carry out such operations. Whether in churches or mobile teams, we need to make this our activity goal and strengthen the system where one person evangelizes another.  
Fourth is how to mobilize gatherings and key individuals. How do we do that? Some people only evangelize one person, but we shouldn't just do that. Instead, we should gather all the relatives and people around that one person and hold lectures. So this week we do this, and next week we do that, and keep expanding the small club movement.  
We should give them books to read and let them create their own gathering forms. Then we mobilize central figures to lead the assembly movement. To build long-term relationships, if 40 or 50 people gather in that club, we can invite music teams like the World Brass Band or Sunburst to conduct fun programs to engage them. So we gather all the people around...  
Next, we need to establish relationships with key figures in that area, such as the mayor, to create new movements and cultural movements that can lead to such interesting gatherings. We should propose to hold a monthly gathering for that city. They all want that. We can also select good movies to show and then plan our programs to always create a pleasant atmosphere. If we can do that, within six months, we can make all of them our family.  
That's what we want to do. This is how we will mobilize gatherings and key individuals. In the future, even if the New Hope Singers or Sunburst Band cannot perform in each state, we will prepare so that one or two people can come and lead in that way. We need to select excellent individuals from our band and create plans to organize bands with state leaders. That's good. We can evangelize, knock on doors, have fun entertainment, and do anything. Do you understand?  
Next, the fifth point is about the Principle Study Group and the university issue. We need to create this quickly, quickly. Once we have college students, we can have very enjoyable cultural activities. So we need to prepare this quickly. Why? Because the communists are infiltrating all the universities, so we must act quickly.  
Next, the sixth point is that we need to create an organization to hold the Peace Professors Academy or a Scientists' Conference. We need to gather professors like this. Since there is already a Professors Academy in Korea and Japan, we are thinking of establishing one in advanced countries like the USA or Germany this year. Therefore, we need to collect all the materials related to the Professors Academy in Korea and Japan and organize them quickly.  
So what will we do? Through this Professors Academy, we will create a global Principle Research Professors Association. This is already happening in Korea and Japan. Professors are researching the principles and continually presenting them. How many are there now? "20 people." About 20 people are currently involved. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."  
Next, the seventh point is that we have held many Scientists' Conferences and have connected many scholars, but we need to consider how to enable the leaders of each country to hold public hearings centered around those scholars. We need to study this. Why do we need to do this? Because the opposing established church leaders and professors need to confront each other. When professors confront them, the pastors will completely bow their heads.  
Next, the eighth point is how to connect with many people through the current established religions. If the churches come over all at once, people will come over in droves. We need to develop multifaceted activities and, by any means, secure 600 people each to completely reach 30,000 people by 1978. Therefore, starting six months from now, we need to gather everyone and provide education.  
So we must finish this by June 1978, at the latest. If we don't, we will face significant difficulties. If we move nationally like this, everything will fall apart. I believe that in a year, it won't just be 300,000, but it will rise to 3 million. Young people will flock in large numbers. They will come in droves. American youth will all come in. Since all American youth will pass through this, we must prepare to not miss this opportunity; otherwise, we will lose everything.  
There are 8 million young people in Korea, and if we multiply that by more than four times here, what is that? If we take five times, since our students are 8 million, that would be 40 million young people. That means there are 40 million young people who will all want to know about the Unification Church.
You say you will move on. Even in 1978, it is expected that such an atmosphere will arise. 
It will undoubtedly happen. However, if we do not prepare ourselves as a主体적 (subjective) entity to digest them, everything will just flow away. But on the day this happens, I believe we will secure three million without any problem. 
Everyone, where will the American youth go now? By 1978, they will desperately have an interest in religion and in Reverend Moon's Unification Church. Don’t you think so? "Yes." It will definitely happen. That is why, when we prepare for this day, America will survive, and we can save America. 
That is why you must be prepared to endure for two years, think deeply while standing without eating, and think well without taking off your clothes. This is a game we must play. The world issue depends on it. As the teacher said, it will undoubtedly happen. Just wait and see. If we do not act by then, we will miss the opportunity. The time does not always come. Knowing this, we must return with such a mindset. Do you understand? "Yes." 
5. Training Center Issues 
*Student! "Yes." This is your first time at the training center, right? By March next year, we must educate three thousand people here, no matter what. "Yes." (*From here, the conversation will be in Japanese) If this happens, it is possible to reach that number if one person trains one person each year. If we deploy everyone and do a lot of evangelism... So, by April next year, we plan to close all offices and everything. We will deploy three thousand people like that. To do this, we need about seven thousand people within six months at the very least. How do we catch three thousand and create about six or seven thousand? We need to understand that we need that number. 
That is why we must triple the current number. It is easy. One person a month is not a problem. Isn’t that right? This is not a difficult issue. 
*Student, set the training course to include a 21-day training and more than 40 days of training by next April. "Yes." You must prepare for that. "Yes, we are doing it." We will do the 21-day training to prepare everyone for a new start... And use everything we have, like tapes and films, for evangelism. Even if we have a few hundred... (*From here, the conversation will be in Japanese) So we must create three thousand centers. If we do this, thirty thousand will not be a problem. This is the most critical point. If we achieve this by June 1978, from then on, it will be the teacher's responsibility, the teacher's responsibility. So we must tighten our belts and do it. (Some parts were not recorded due to poor audio quality) 
Next, what is it? Each country must create bands. Why? Because every time there is such a conference, about a thousand people must come in to do this work. Before long, during the era of mobilizing three thousand people, we must mobilize on a national scale. 
6. Cleaning Issues and Citizen Movements 
We must start this again. Kamiyama! Do it immediately. "Yes." This activity is a citizen movement. We must make it good after a long time... This is the directive for today. 
And this is an exception, but I want to mention one thing for the leaders to keep in mind: how many blessed candidates are there? Leaders, please report that to me. How many people are there in America? It’s okay to lower the age a bit. How many people are there who are over 24 years old and have been here for more than two years? For women, just lower it by two years... We are only doing this this time. This is not a principle. It is to gather information. 
In Holland, there are ten... Just because it’s done, don’t use it. Next, France? "30 people." Next, Austria? "100 people." Next, Spain? "4 people." Guyana? "12 people." Finland 5 people, Australia 5 people, Denmark 4 people, Luxembourg 4 people, Belgium 4 people, Germany 50 people, Canada 15 people, and the UK will also have about 30 people. Italy also has 30 people, how many in Switzerland? "12 people." Portugal 6 people, America? Japan has 400 people, how many in total? "725 people." Do we need marriages? (laughs) "Yes." Right now, I am the busiest. If I do this, I won’t be able to do anything for six months. You need to think about that. So I can’t do it right now. 
I can only think about it after I finish the groundwork I need to do. That’s why I can’t go to Korea right now. I had promised to go to Korea and had made promises with Japan, but I can’t go right now and am doing this. Do you think there is time for blessings or anything like that? So we need to finish this first. I need to think about it while going to Korea and then Japan. If you understand that, it will definitely be the case. I want to do it before that. I want to decide on such things then. 
So my head is complicated with money issues and such. 
We must protect America from the threats of China and the Soviet Union. 
Now that you understand that, you must return the day after tomorrow and start evangelizing. From now on, Washington is important, so we need to deploy some people to Washington, and there is a lot to do. Philadelphia is the same. The East is the problem. The East is the ancestral land of America, and how it influences is the issue. 
In my opinion, if Japanese people or Europeans can return, I hope they all return. They can go and come back again, so I think it would be good to visit their hometown if they have been away for more than three years. Kamiyama, what do you think? (laughs) "Well..." (laughs) Japan is also significant. 
And Dr. Ahn should do some work representing the Chinese association, so he is busy now. Now, all the Korean residents in Korea have been turned to support us. Now Japan must be made like that, and China must also be made like that. We will do that in the future. So think about that and take responsibility for that aspect... I will give instructions later on how to organize. The China issue is a big problem. 
So Neil, investigate all the Chinese people within the Unification Church. Start today. Then hand everything over to Dr. Ahn. Now I will make personnel changes, so after you return... It’s not because it’s a problem that we are doing this now... Now America must be responsible for this. That’s for France. That’s what I am thinking now. Why must it be like that? If we look at Montreal and Toronto in Canada, Toronto is Anglo-Saxon, and Montreal is French, with populations of ten million each. However, because there are many French people, there is a risk of conflict leading to two countries. 
They are organizing to incite conflict using the Chinese and the Communists. Next year, when fifteen thousand Chinese people immigrate there, I think it will create a crisis for Canada. By the time that happens, it will already be too late, so I believe we must lay the groundwork quickly from now on. If this conflict arises, the Canadian government will inevitably get caught up in communism, and if that happens, America will be in big trouble. 
From this perspective, we must stop the Communists, and now we must think about defending Mexico. What about Mexico? The Soviet Union is controlling it centered around Cuba. 
We must stop the threat of the Chinese, the Soviets, and Kim Il-sung's dominance in Asia. 
However, you must understand that within America, the Chinese and South American factions are creating the final stage for the Chinese Communist Party and the Soviet Communist Party to fight. That is why the Communists think that the democratic world of America is their meal; they already think they have eaten it. You must understand that. 
They do not see America as a problem and believe that whoever wins the struggle between the Chinese and the Soviets in America will dominate the world. Listen to what the Communist leaders in America are saying. They say, "America is not a problem." 
The issue here is... The struggle between these two countries is happening in America, and the one who dances here and acts as a vanguard is Kim Il-sung from Korea. Why? Because America itself is watching the movements of the Soviets and the Chinese, but they do not see the North Korean Communist Party moving in. This is dangerous. 
Now that we are talking about it, I will briefly mention that the development of communism in Asia is aimed at the United States as the final destination. I have thought this way until now, and I believe it will continue to be so. In the end, the problem lies with China and the Soviet Union, and Kim Il-sung is the one dancing in between. 
The ultimate goal of China and the Soviet Union is to determine who will hold the hegemony to dominate Asia. You must understand that they are currently competing for that. In the future, whoever dominates the Korean Peninsula will determine who dominates Japan. Ultimately, when it comes to Asia, if Japan can be brought under control, it will automatically conclude that they have complete dominance over Asia. 
From this perspective, even if we exclude the Soviet Union, China, and Korea, Japan is a strong nation. Japan itself is also watching the activities of the Soviets and the Chinese, but they do not see the activities of Kim Il-sung in North Korea as a problem. This is a big issue. 
That is why the Chinese and the Soviets will ultimately use Kim Il-sung. If they use Kim Il-sung, they can bring South Korea under their control and also bring Japan under their control. Because there are Korean residents in Japan, they know that the vast number of 1.2 million Korean residents can be organized across all of Japan. So the Soviets and the Chinese are using Kim Il-sung to mobilize vast resources to unite the Korean residents in Japan and create a rift between Japan and America to absorb them into their side. This is an undeniable leading direction in Asian politics. 
Moreover, what is Kim Il-sung's own desire? It is to cut off America by surpassing the Chinese and the Soviets. If he can do that, it will create conditions for him to draw Korea to himself, and if he drives out America, it will create good conditions for absorbing the residents in Japan. 
If he can gather the vast resources of the Soviets to unite the Korean residents, it will be impossible for the Soviets to conduct underground movements in Japan, and if the Chinese do it, it will be problematic. So if they do it through the Koreans who are already infiltrated, it will create a way to tie the Japanese Communist Party with a secret organization. The Chōsen Soren, that is, the Korean Communist Party in Japan, has been oppressed by Japan for 30 years and holds a grudge against their enemy. Therefore, the leading role in the communist riots occurring in Japan is entirely played by the Chōsen Soren. You must understand that the communist riots are instigated by Koreans in collaboration with the Japanese Communist Party. To do this, the Chinese and the Soviets must invest secret funds competitively that no one knows about. 
The teacher has known this, which is why he has been thinking and planning for ten years on how to defeat the Chōsen Soren in Japan. This is to save Japan and to become a base for saving the Korean Peninsula. Because he understood this, he educated all the youth there and sent them back to Korea. Forty thousand communists have gone to Korea and are completely engaged in division work. This is the game they have been playing. 
Until now, Kim Il-sung has been in a good position, benefiting from the Soviets and the Chinese. He has received military and vast economic aid from both. If he can unite the Chōsen Soren and lead all the communist riots in Japan, he will be in a position to lead the Japanese Communist Party. He will gain the authority to influence the Japanese Communist Party. If that happens, both the Soviets and the Chinese will have to follow Kim Il-sung's lead. This is the conclusion that arises. By uniting with the Japanese Communist Party, this is what will happen. 
What will Kim Il-sung think then? Right now, the Soviets are considering how to weaken the Chinese by thinking about how to make the areas that were once Manchuria independent. They are trying to make that happen. However, Kim Il-sung thinks he can intervene in that and take charge of it. This is possible because there are two million Korean residents living in Manchuria, not Chinese nationals. You must understand this. 
On the day Manchuria becomes independent, if Manchuria, North Korea, and the Japanese Communist Party unite and say, "Let’s create the hegemony you once had in Asia together," it will be possible to form a three-nation communist bloc. When considering this possibility, Kim Il-sung is likely to have big dreams. Even if I were Kim Il-sung, I would think like that. 
Japan itself is opening its mouth... Thirty years ago, they were all enemies. One was treated as a colony by China and is an enemy, and the other considers Japan, which broke the non-aggression pact and invaded, as an enemy. Therefore, they are all caught up in this. The prospect of a dangerous three-nation communist bloc occupying Asia is what the teacher thinks. 
We must stop Kim Il-sung, who is trying to dominate the world through the communist world. 
Next, what is it? The Soviets and the Chinese are thinking about how to dominate the world by manipulating America. To do that, ultimately, Kim Il-sung... The Soviets cannot operate in America, and the Chinese cannot operate in America either. Why? Because they see big countries as enemies, the Chinese and the Soviets face considerable restrictions in conducting underground movements in America. 
However, they do not see North Korea as a problem. So North Korea is utilized as a vanguard to establish such a base. That is why North Korea can draw vast funds from the Soviets and the Chinese. They can draw it in any way. Therefore, if Kim Il-sung stands as a vanguard in America, both the Chinese and the Soviets will support him, and I believe Kim Il-sung's propaganda will stand out significantly in America. But that is how it is now. Right now, promoting Kim Il-sung and North Korea in university auditoriums is all part of the leading propaganda methods of the Communist Party. 
So, how will Kim Il-sung act? He will establish his base in America and lay down all the operational bases, and when America is about to collapse, he will create a global organization and form a block that can represent the Chinese and the Soviets. I believe this is what must happen. Just like what happened in Japan, if communist riots break out in the future and the Korean communists act as a vanguard, it will be a serious issue.
There are about 200,000 Korean expatriates, and they are all intelligent people. Kim Il-sung takes them and influences them... Then the foundation of China is immediately connected. This means that Asia is suddenly connected. When it comes to Asians, all black and colored people will combine, leading to problems.

So who will stop Kim Il-sung? That is what I want to do. Therefore, I am trying to organize the expatriates as soon as possible. This time, the activities of the expatriates and the establishment of the Asian Association are all for this purpose. Everyone, do you know how much Kim Il-sung... He has trained and deployed guerrillas even in South America, such as Chile, Argentina, and Brazil. You need to understand this. Do you know about this? "Yes." They think of using Japan to move forward and eventually create a new block in conjunction with the American Communist Party. Therefore, if we do not stop this, it will become a problem.

So I see that the biggest issue in Asia right now is the Chochongryun, that Kim Il-sung faction, and I believe it will continue to be so. Isn't that right? The killing of American soldiers is a test for that. It's all a test. While they say they want to be friendly with America, they are attacking. So if they achieve internal cohesion, they can make America withdraw from Korea. The communists are organizing demonstrations and conducting movements to attack Korea through various institutions. You need to understand that this is the strategy of the American Communist Party and the world Communist Party.

Therefore, there are American media outlets that claim the Unification Church is a front for the KCIA (Korean Central Intelligence Agency) and are trying to attack both the Unification Church and the Korean government together, and behind them, communists have already infiltrated and are manipulating things. Reverend Moon is a problem, so they are trying to drive him out. This time, I instructed the missionaries to gather propaganda materials from the Chinese, Soviet, and then Kim Il-sung's communist factions that are propagandizing in South America or Africa, and it turns out that two-thirds, or 80 percent, of that is being done by Kim Il-sung. This is a big problem.

What remains for them is to take down the Park regime. They are trying to isolate the Korean government through world media for that purpose. If they succeed in making America unable to withdraw, then America will join hands with Kim Il-sung. If that happens, Kim Il-sung thinks he can achieve his dreams centered around the American base. Therefore, he is trying to separate America from Korea. "Then South Korea will be in my grasp, and America will join hands with me." This is how Kim Il-sung thinks.

With this, he will create his own free world and lay the organizational foundation as much as he wants, thinking that in the future, China and the Soviet Union will seize hegemony and that he will have to manipulate from American soil. Therefore, I see Kim Il-sung as the one who first joins hands with the American Communist Party. And in incidents of riots and movements, North Korea will also participate. Thus, he has the dream that he can pave the way to manipulate the world through the communist world. This is the kind of thinking he has.

Therefore, in the future, North Korea's influence in America will be significant. The Soviet Union and China are currently supporting the establishment of conditions that make it easy for communists to infiltrate America. Kim Il-sung is receiving such support and intends to turn it into his own base. The teacher is thinking about that as well. We need to defend against this quickly. Therefore, we must create an Asian Association from the Korean expatriates. You need to understand how important this is. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

That's why I consider Kim Il-sung my enemy. He has already broken the Chochongryun in Japan and is now acting as an enemy even in America. Therefore, North Korea is currently calling for Reverend Moon to be driven out of America and is continuously propagandizing to make the American and Korean governments enemies. They are constantly propagandizing to make the Korean and American governments see Reverend Moon as an enemy. Do you know that Kim Il-sung is doing such propaganda against Reverend Moon in the communist world? "Yes." This is something Americans cannot even dream of. They cannot even think of it in their dreams. When China thinks of America, it is foolish, and when the Soviet Union thinks of America, it is also foolish. They are trying to kill all the young people by feeding them opium without fighting. They are trying to ruin everything without fighting.

In China, they are currently selling opium that corresponds to 30 percent of military spending by planting it throughout an entire province called Yunnan. American soldiers traveling to Vietnam bring opium... If they buy it in Vietnam and sell it in America, they can make 20 times the purchase price. Therefore, you need to understand that they are secretly spreading opium within America. As a result, Americans are becoming opium addicts, and they are rotting away, living while dying. They are on the verge of collapse. If this is left unchecked, America will be ruined in ten years without a fight. The young people in America are all becoming opium addicts.

Now, the mafia and violent groups are all emerging through that strong foundation, and Reverend Moon, who has brainwashed all the young people to prevent drug use and make them smart, is seen as an enemy by China as well. Leaders like Mao Zedong and officials in China know Reverend Moon well, and even the Soviet Union is working through the Pravda newspaper. From this, it seems that many people in the U.S. State Department are being manipulated by the communists attacking Reverend Moon. Communist agents have infiltrated and are manipulating from behind.

Is there anyone who is worried about America? Who thinks like that? Who? To pave the way for America's future, all 220 million people need to unite and cooperate, but they are all opposing it. Everyone, if the communists unite and go a little further, occupying a state will not be a problem. If they occupy one state and completely take over the senators and representatives, and if they do this in two or three states, a movement to withdraw from the central government will emerge. Just wait and see if that happens or not. Do you think it will happen or not? If I were a communist leader, I would do it that way. I would definitely do it that way.

The Unification Church must quickly block Kim Il-sung's dreams. You need to understand that the communists are preparing for infiltration and dreaming of world domination. What is the talent that Kim Il-sung possesses to do that? When the teacher tries to save the world, he faces opposing thoughts. You need to understand that this cannot be allowed. It is true both in principle and in providence. The most vicious thing is communism. In contrast, the Unification Church is the strongest religious organization in the democratic world.

Looking at the investigation conducted by the missionaries this time, what I thought was that Kim Il-sung is playing a leading role in Africa as well. China is involved there, the Soviet Union is the same, and South America is no different. Our missionaries are suffering the most because of the North Korean embassy. It is always a headache. It is not the Chinese embassy. It is not the Soviet embassy. The fact is as such, right? "Yes." Therefore, the teacher is also fighting with Kim Il-sung while walking the world. That is principled. It is principled. The reason I sent missionaries to 120 countries last year was to stop this.

Kim Il-sung has big dreams. North Korea thinks, "If only Reverend Moon were not here, the world would..." and China thinks, "If only Reverend Moon were not here..." and the Soviet Union thinks, "If only Reverend Moon were not here, the world would be ours; it would be all cooked meat, but Reverend Moon is causing a commotion." If Asians unite, blacks will automatically unite, and Hispanics will also automatically unite, so I conclude that I must block that quickly. Appointing Dr. Ahn as the person responsible for the Chinese faction is also one method to quickly prevent such things. You need to understand that this is unavoidable.

In the future, we must quickly organize the Korean expatriates in America, even if it costs money, and we must also quickly organize Japanese and Chinese people. The American family needs to understand that we cannot afford not to do this. You may have thought, "What does that have to do with us...," but think about whether there is a connection or not. Do you understand? "Yes." The problem is significant. Therefore, you need to understand this and resolve these issues as soon as possible.

Now, we need to make appointments where there are no representatives. There will be no time for that tomorrow.

**God's Beloved World**
The title I will speak on this morning is "The World God Loves." 

Now, I will speak on such a title as mentioned. 
A world of true love that everyone desires.

We know that the history of humanity is a history that has pursued a new and high ideal. No matter how long the history that humanity has hoped for is, we see our short lives as representing that history. Ultimately, we know that humanity has pursued how to conclude the long history of hope into the hope of human life today.

In the historical process, all good things have been left behind to absorb into our human life and to develop that into our life path. This has been the history of humanity and is our way of living today. No matter how long the history is, it ultimately connects to the life realm or sphere of a single ideal person.

When we look at today's human history, it involves issues such as religion, ideologies, and economics. And then there are social issues... So, what does the whole world desire? The conclusion is that it desires a world of true love. It's simple. It is the desire for a world of true love.

What is true religion? True religion is that which possesses true love. What is a true person? A true person is one who possesses true love. Who is a true owner? A true owner is one who can govern with true love.

Ultimately, what is the conclusion when we encompass all religions, humanity, and all matters? Everything converges on true love. No matter how big a country is, if there is no true love for the nation or for the ethnic group, that country is bound to perish. If we look at a family, if it is centered on true love and united, that family is a hopeful and ideal family.

The same goes for workplaces. The same conclusion applies in workplaces and schools. In any organization where two or more people gather, the ideal can only arise when they unite based on the internal foundation of love. 

God, humanity, and all things exist to love and be loved.

From that perspective, when we ask why humans came into being, why all things exist, and why God exists, the question of what they exist for leads to the conclusion that they exist to love and be loved.

You are the same. Why do men exist? Ultimately, it is only to give and receive true love. The same goes for women. When we consider why women are born and exist, the fundamental issue is that they were born for true love and live for true love. They were born to give true love and live to give true love.

Now, if we look at a single hair, why does it exist? Did it come into being just to be on my head? It also exists to receive love. Why do eyes sparkle? What do they sparkle for? They sparkle to express symbolic beauty or the beauty of substantial love, to love and be loved. Everything exists because of love.

Some may think, "What do eyes have to do with love? They exist to see books." But why do eyes exist? A worker might say, "Oh, eyes exist to see and work. Without eyes, I cannot see." When we consider this, the more you study, the better it is, and the more you work, the better it is, right? You do it because you cannot help it. (Laughter) Isn't that right? Raise your hand if you like studying. Raise your hand if you like working. But if there is true love in the act of loving, would anyone dislike it? There is not a single person who would dislike it. It is the same when you are young, when you are old, and even when you are dying. The more you seek something higher, the more fun, exciting, and ideal it becomes. If love is like that, everyone will pursue that love.

Now, if we ask our five senses, "Hey! Why do you exist?" they would say, "We exist to breathe air, to hear, to eat, to see, and to feel." What is the ultimate purpose of those five senses? What are they for? Everything culminates in love. They focus all ideals on the person they love and the person who can be loved.

No matter how unpleasant a task is, if it is for love, it is not unpleasant. Even studying becomes enjoyable when the purpose of love is involved. When love enters, it can harmonize everything, turning the bad into good and making the good even more glorious. This kind of play can only be realized through love.

Love must have eternity, immutability, absoluteness, and uniqueness.

So what is love? Is it a fleeting love that lasts a day or two? "No." That is not real; it is fake. There are countless fakes, but there is only one real love. Therefore, that love must be eternal. Furthermore, it must be unique. It must possess uniqueness. And it must be absolute. If you were to define what love should be, that love must be ideal love, and it must have the properties of absoluteness, eternity, and immutability. You cannot help but reach this conclusion. Does that make sense? "Yes."
So what is the problem here? In order to possess such unique, absolute, and unchanging love, it comes to the conclusion that one must have a more unique existence, a more absolute existence, and a more eternal existence to have that love. Isn't that right? "Yes." A changing person cannot express or possess unchanging love. That is an undeniable fact. 

Today, people have pursued unchanging, eternal, and unique love, but in seeking that love, if the subject and object of pursuit are human, has that human being become an eternal person, an unchanging person, a unique person? Such a person should pursue that love, but since they have not become that way, there is a problem in their pursuit.

When you join the Unification Church, you might think, "Oh, I wish the leaders of the Unification Church would love me. I hope that love is not temporary but eternal." What do you want? "Eternal love..." But the problem here is, if I pursue such love while possessing the eternal and unique unchanging nature of myself, that is the most valid statement, but simply wanting to be loved while remaining as I am is not possible.

Then the question arises: Should we first receive eternal love, or should we first become eternal people? "We should first become eternal people." Eternal people! That answer is easy.

To seek eternal, unchanging, and unique love, one must find such a subject or object. So what exactly is love? Love cannot be done alone. There must be a relationship between subject and object. However, it concludes that without becoming such an absolute, unique, and unchanging subject or object, one cannot bring in the noun "love." Do you understand that? "Yes." If you want to find such eternal, unchanging, and unique love, you must reach the conclusion of finding either an eternal, unique, and unchanging subject or object. Otherwise, pursuing eternal love is a theoretical contradiction.

So can a human be such a subject? Can a human be such an object? Can you yourself be that today? This needs to be analyzed. "Yes." Yes? (Laughter) What do you think? "No." "Yes." Which is it? Is it 'no' or 'yes'? "No." "Yes." If you were to ask people from the past, "Could you be that?" they would also say "no." If you ask people from the current world, they would say "no." If you ask people from the future, they would also say "no." Those who say "yes" are somewhat lacking. (Laughter)

Then what distinguishes the real from the fake? You need to know this. What is real? It must have eternity, uniqueness, and absoluteness. "That's wrong. Reverend Moon says that, but I don't think so." I wonder if there are people who would say that.

Now, look. When we talk about treasures or precious things in the world... If you build a house, do you prefer it to stand for a moment and then collapse, or do you prefer it to last forever? Everything that is treated as treasure, everything that is precious and true, lasts a long time. The longer it lasts, the more true it is.

If it's a diamond, no matter what you put against it, it is absolute and not subject to invasion. What comes next? It possesses uniqueness as a diamond. It has absolute uniqueness. It endures through the changes of spring, summer, autumn, and winter without being weathered, maintaining its form for thousands and tens of thousands of years. In solid form, diamonds possess eternity, uniqueness, and unchangingness. That is why they have value as treasures. Isn't that undeniable? "Yes."

And when you hear "gold," your eyes widen. What is good about gold? It is soft. But in terms of color, it is unique and unchanging. It possesses eternity. Likewise, pearls are the same; they have harmony in color, and that is true for everything. That is undeniable, isn't it? "Absolutely."

What kind of person is a true person with true love? The same applies. Looking at history, in the past, present, and future of thousands of years, "You are changing people, but I am not a changing person!" A true person can say, "All people of the past, present, and future must follow my example." Can history manipulate such a true person? Can a true person manipulate history? Can history manipulate a true person? "A true person can move history." You answer well. (Laughter)

So can a true person dominate history? Can the present world dominate a true person? "A true person dominates history." Who dominates the past, present, and future? It is the true person who dominates history. If you ask this land of America, "Oh, America, what kind of person do you want to be ruled by?" the answer is simple. "I want to be ruled by a true person." Is that not true? "It is true."

Is the President of the United States a true person? "No." Was President Washington a true person? "No." Was President Lincoln a true person? "No." There is a difference, a difference. Then was President Ford a true president? "No." What about Jimmy Carter? "No."

Now, setting aside America, if you ask this landmass, "Hey, landmass! Why did you come into existence?" it would say, "I came into existence to meet a true owner, a true person." And if you ask, "Who do you want to relate to?" this Earth would answer, "I want to relate to a true person."

Now, setting aside the landmass and focusing on the 4 billion people, if you ask, "What kind of sovereign do you want in this world?" the answer is simple. "Oh, a true sovereign!" It is the same. Isn't that right? "Yes."

Also, if we set aside people and consider God, if there is any deity, "What exactly is a deity? Why is God going through all this hardship, and what is the purpose of restoration and salvation?" the answer would be, "To meet a true person." It is the same answer.

Now, if we ask women, "What kind of husband do you want?" they would say, "A true man." And if we ask men, "What kind of woman do you want?" they would say, "A true woman." Is that correct? "Yes."

Why do you want a true person? Why? "Because only a true person has true love." Only a true person has true love; that is a wonderful answer. (Applause) That is the issue. The conclusion is that the whole world desires a true person, but if that true person exists, what will you do? The true person desires true love because they possess it. Is that good? "Yes." It seems to be good.

Now, we have talked about true love, but what exactly is true love? What is true love? That is the issue. What is true love? It is necessary. True love is such that in the historical era of the past, there was no one who hated it or opposed it; in the present, there is no one who opposes it, and everything, whether it be animals, stones, or flowing water, has no one that dislikes it. Everyone loves it. God is the same. Then how much would God love true love? Would He say, "Ha ha ha..."? "Ha ha ha!" How would He express it? Wouldn't God's eyes widen and His mouth open, shouting, "Ah! This is it!"? That is what would happen.

Now, what about people? If such true love exists, what would happen? Do you love true love? "Yes." If you could find it, would you run a marathon or do anything for it? "Yes." Would you stake your life on it? "Yes." Is that so? "Yes."

Where does true love begin? So today, what is it? It is the world of God's love; that is the issue. Then where can we find such love? As mentioned earlier, if there is an eternal, unchanging, and unique subject, there is no way or possibility for me to find that subject within myself. However, if I meet that subject, it becomes possible, but since there is only one such existence, humanity cannot help but seek that existence.

That is why that being is one who has been eternal from the beginning, one who has been unique from the beginning, and one who has been absolute from the beginning. Only such an unchanging being can produce that absolute, unique, and unchanging love. We call that being "God." We must reach that conclusion. Without reaching that conclusion, we cannot establish a definition of true love. And without that definition, we cannot use it as a means within our historical realm of life.

So where does true love come from? If God exists, it comes from God. Can it come from people? Can it come from your great ancestors? "No." Since you have passed your 20s and 30s, now you should be getting married, and women want to love men, and men want to love women, but there is no true love in the dream of becoming a loving husband and wife among today's humans.

Truth possesses universality. (While writing) Today's young people need to understand this. If I claim that I am right, that rightness cannot be held by oneself alone. It must possess universality. It must have relationships in all directions: front and back, left and right, up and down.

In today's democratic world, like in America, there is liberalism that says, "Oh! Freedom is whatever I want..." but not at all! The more freedom there is, the more the relationships in front and back must align, and the relationships left and right and up and down must align. You must understand that there are two types of freedom: evil freedom and good freedom. What is true freedom? The past, present, and future must align. Is that correct? "Yes." If not, it is indulgence, indulgence. Where is there freedom without a source, without a starting point, without a process, and without a purpose? Now, such judgments...

There is no existence that arises without a cause. 

From that perspective, does God really exist? "Yes." How do you know God exists? "When I look at Father..." What? What did you just say? "When I look at Father as a standard, it is certain that God exists." (Interpreter) How do you know if Father is a robber or something? How do you know if he is a fraud? (Laughter) In today's world, everyone calls me a fraud, right? "They are blind." They are not blind; you are blind. (Laughter)

The issue is where God is. Can you see God? Can you see Him? If you can see, then you can only see trees and yourselves. What is there to see about God? That is the issue. The question is whether God exists or not. If God exists, everything is resolved. The issue of whether God exists or not is the question, even if it means ending my life.

So, do you believe God exists? "Yes." Now, do you know God exists more realistically than just pinching yourself and saying "Ouch!"? "Yes." Is there a more factual God than when you are hungry and want to eat? "Yes." Is that so? "Yes." The problem lies there. Wow, there really is a God! When you say there really is a God, the problem is all resolved.

Now, think about this world. Where did this world come from? Today, scientists and communists say, "It came about naturally," but that is a deception, a deception. They are being deceived. Where did that "nature" come from? Where did it come from? How did all of creation come into being? It is not just about how it was created but how it came to exist. "By God." They say it just happened by itself, by itself.

This too, a piano, they say it just came into being. This is all said to be scientific. A microphone, if you ask, "Why did you come into being?" it would say it just happened. (Laughter) This world's palace of mysteries, no matter how much you study it, you cannot understand it; even millions of medical doctors cannot solve the mystery of the human body, and when you ask, "How did you come into being?" it would say, "I just came into being." Does that make sense? When we say nature possesses highly scientific qualities and attributes, that nature itself is like God. Ultimately, there is no law that arises without a cause.

Why is there direction? Because there is a purpose. 

Today, you apply the theory of evolution, but for an amoeba to reproduce and for something larger than the amoeba to come into being, another force must be applied to become larger than what currently exists. A force must be added. (While writing) Can an amoeba itself develop and add force? Does it have the ability to create such force? "No." If something larger can come into being, then a greater force must be added. If the amoeba cannot create and add force on its own, how can that happen? Does that logic hold? "No."

If Mr. Kim is Mr. Kim, and Mr. Park is Mr. Park, can he easily defeat someone like Muhammad Ali? To do that, a greater force must be applied; otherwise, no matter how hard you try, you cannot surpass the limit. Can Mr. Park say, "If I mutate, I will grow stronger and knock Ali down"? Can that happen? "No."

In order to gain strength, you must have some motivation, whether it be through injections or taking ginseng extract; you must have the dynamite to explode and break through, but it is impossible on its own. (Laughter) It is impossible because it cannot create greater force on its own. Therefore, it concludes that it cannot make progress to a higher dimension. Can you deny that? "No."

Next, why does it only go to higher places in development? Why doesn't it go lower? Why does it have direction? If there is direction, where does it go? There are 360 degrees in the east, west, south, and north, but how can it have a directional tendency to go to a higher dimension? It has gone all around, gone up and down, gone up and down, all at will... If it were to do as it pleases, could matter produce an amoeba? Who sets the direction? "Ah... I can determine the direction and apply force, so I am going." Is there such an existence in matter? Can matter do that? "No." It is impossible.

Therefore, to exist, to come into being, there cannot be existence without purpose. There is no existence that arises without purpose. Direction exists because there is a purpose; without purpose, there is no direction.
we should dress in a way that pleases God. 

Now, let’s think about this: Why do we engage in religious life? It is to receive the input of a higher dimension of power than ourselves. And where should that direction be? It should be towards an ideal purpose that is higher than the fallen world of today. Right? Therefore, the claim that there is no God does not hold theoretical ground. Cause and effect always align. Isn’t that right? 

The more complex the process, the more complex the cause and purpose, making it more valuable. The broader the scope, the more valuable it is. 

In that sense, what is the Unification Church? It is a religion centered on the God who is the cause, but there are many complexities. There is nothing that is not done here. It is about pursuing something of greater value. The more complex a machine is, the more sophisticated and valuable it is. The same applies here. When we look at the doctrines of established churches, they say that salvation comes through the blood of Jesus or that one is saved by believing in Jesus. How simple is that? But what about the Unification Church? It talks about restoration through indemnity, principles, and so on. How complex is that? There are concepts like the realm of dominion over results, the stage of resurrection, the stage of growth, the stage of perfection… how complex it is! However, all of that is interconnected, providing direction and forming a theoretical system. 

When it comes to movement, is it better to have unidirectional movement? No, we need to engage in various types of movement. What do you prefer? 

Now, regarding God, we do not need to lecture on the principles. We must understand that God cannot be absent. Therefore, everything that belongs to Him must possess eternity, uniqueness, and absoluteness. This is evident when we observe nature and the material world. 

Thus, there can be no infringement by any other being. Can you graft a willow tree onto a poplar tree? There are limits to what can be grafted. That is a fact. 

So, what must God be? He must be absolute, unique, and unchanging. Then, centered on such a God, what is the ideal that God desires? God also values love as an ideal. What can God do alone? If He is alone and has no ideals, what does He have? 

So, what does God need? God needs power, authority. “No.” God needs knowledge. “No.” God needs money? “No.” Then what does He need? God needs love. What kind of love does God need? Is it true love or false love? “True love.” There’s no need to ask that; it is true love. So, where do we find true love? “True man!” 

Now, the question is about true people. If there are women who dislike true people, raise your hands. Such people should be punished. If there are men who dislike true people, raise your hands. There are none. 

If that is the case for humans, what about the animal world and the plant world? If you ask a tree, “Hey! Do you want an evil person or a true person?” how would it respond? “It wants a true person…” The same goes for God. God desires true people, humans desire true people, and all beings desire true people, whether it’s a puppy or a kitten. This is an undeniable truth. Why do they desire true people? Because they desire true love. So, when we seek true religion, we are looking for true people. 

What kind of person is a true person? A true person must not change. Whether in tribulation or despair, in summer or winter, whether the wind blows or a storm rages, the direction does not change! A gold nugget submerged in sewage will have its color change! That’s not gold! What is true is that which does not change. 

To be a true person in the Unification Church, one must be able to fulfill all that the Unification Church presents. Is there a true person in the Unification Church? “Yes.” What kind of person is a true person? If someone thinks, “Hehe,” when thinking of the teacher, and then when they fall into hell, they say, “Oh, I dislike the Unification Church,” is that a true person? “No.” A true person remains true even when thrown into hell. Are you a true person? “No.” If someone says, “Oh, I can’t go to the Unification Church because I’m hungry,” is that a true person? “No.” If someone who claims to be a true person in the Unification Church says, “Oh, I can’t go because it’s hard. Let’s take a break from the Unification Church,” can they be considered a true person? If someone says, “I have a master’s degree and a doctorate, but I don’t want to do fundraising. I can teach you the methods of the Unification Church. The methods of the Unification Church are wrong. Do it my way. That’s how you become a true person in the Unification Church!” Can that be accepted? “No.” 

So, what kind of person is a true person? A true person is someone who, even if they wear the Unification Church’s hat and are dragged to prison, says, “Let’s go,” and even when faced with opposition, says, “Let’s go!” A true person is someone who, even if their hat is taken off and their eyes are wide open, does not change direction and continues to move towards one goal. What kind of person is a true person? Even if they lose their head? 

When will you become a true person? When will you be recognized as a true person? You must be able to do all that the Unification Church presents. Your eyes must be like this, your nose must be like this, your mouth must be like this; everything must align. (Gesturing) What about the heart? Should the heart waver? What do you think? Should the heart move or not? 

Some people say, “Oh, the theory of the Unification Church is good, but the activities are too hard for me. That doesn’t suit me.” That’s how fake they are. If someone says, “Oh, I can’t do fundraising. That has nothing to do with me,” they cannot be a true person. “When there’s something good to eat, I’ll be the first in line. I won’t miss out on good things…” (laughs) If someone complains, “Oh, I can’t participate in the blessing ceremony,” can they be considered a true person in the Unification Church? “No.” If someone says, “Oh, I’m white, and I can’t marry a black person. Oh, I can’t do it the Unification Church way. I just can’t do it,” is that a complete true person? When someone says, “I just can’t do it,” that shows how incomplete they are. 

What about you? Are you confident? “Yes.” Do you really have that confidence? “Yes.” It’s easy to say. (laughs) Is it easy to become a true person, or is it difficult? What is it? “It’s difficult.” How difficult is it? You must understand that it is harder than dying. Would you choose the easy path or the path that is harder than dying? “The path that is harder than dying…” Why? For what reason? Young people, for what reason? “For true victory.” It’s not just true victory; it’s true love. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” 

When the cloth of true love is wrapped, the entire universe is wrapped, and when it is unfolded, it spreads throughout the universe. Do you truly need that true love? “Yes.” Why do you need true love? When you wield the rod of true love and strike, even if blood comes out, you still love. Even while dying, you say you are happy. Do you understand what that means? “Yes.” When you pull on this, not only God but humanity and all things are drawn in. If you let go, everything unravels. When you pull, it becomes one cloth, and when you spread it out, it becomes many. 

When wrapped in the cloth of true love, whether it’s black or white, everything can mix together. It’s good this way and that way. (laughs) There’s no distinction between black and white; they cannot separate themselves. Therefore, if you have only the cloth of true love, nothing can be excluded, and nothing can fail to enter. It can wrap the entire universe and still have room left. Nothing can be excluded. And when it is spread out, there is no place that refuses to go. It fills the universe completely. Do you understand what that means? “Yes.” Where there is such love, there can be no disunity. It’s automatic unity, automatic unity. Do you desire that? “Yes.” 

Some people say… (with a thoughtful expression) 

To become a true person, you must resemble God and do what God loves. Therefore, until now, what has God been? Look at religions: Christianity speaks of love, Buddhism speaks of compassion; there is no religion that does not have the concept of love. Now you understand, right? “Yes.” 

Then, what is the world of God? If there had been no fall, what kind of world would it be? What kind of world is heaven? It is a place where God’s love exists. What kind of person must I be to enter heaven? I must become a true person. What does it mean to be a true person? It means to be able to possess true love. Do you understand what I’m saying? “Yes.” 

What kind of ideology is this? It is the ideology of the universe. What kind of ideology is that? It must be the ideology of God. What is the purpose of the ideology of God? It must be the ideology of true love. There should be no one who opposes that conclusion. Then, what is the ideology of true love, centered on God? It is the ideology that is united with true people. 

So, what must happen to become a true person? If there is a true God, how must one become a true person? One must become a person who resembles God. In seeing, one must like what God likes; in hearing, one must like what God hears; in smelling, one must like what God smells; in speaking, one must like what God speaks; in doing, one must like to do God’s work. In going, one must like to go to God’s world. 

Now, let me ask our beautiful members a question. When I look in the mirror, do I do it because I like it, or to make God like me? What is it? Or do I do it to make some man like me? “God!” Hmm! (laughs) What is it? Women wear makeup, lipstick, nail polish, and eye shadow; do they do it to please themselves or to please some man, or to please God? “God!” (laughs) It’s not just God. Does God like makeup? (laughs) If He did, wouldn’t a simple push make lipstick come out and apply itself? Wouldn’t a push make eye shadow appear? (laughs) What does He like? What does God like? 

Look, a very famous artist paints a picture, and if you look at it and say, “This eye isn’t right; I think it should be like this,” can you just go ahead and paint it? “No.” You would ruin it. (laughs) You may think your eyes are perfect, but God sees in three dimensions. He sees more finely than a microscope. Now, if you were to magnify the makeup a million times and look at it, would that feel good? (laughs) How would it feel? When God looks at it, there wouldn’t be a single blemish among blemishes. (laughs) God only likes His best masterpiece. 

So, who do you dress up for? Sometimes when you see women… (with a thoughtful expression, laughs) Who are they doing it for? Is it for God? That’s something to think about. Do you want to be real or fake? “I want to be real.” Now, is this real or fake? “It’s fake.” Huh? If we only become Unification Church members, the makeup industry would protest. “Expel Reverend Moon!” They would make a fuss. (laughs) We need to have that mindset. Even when we dress, we should do it in a way that pleases God.
Even when walking down the street, may God be pleased; whether speaking, eating, or sleeping... How about you? So, have you become true people of the Unification Church? It's not that simple.  
80   The World Loved by God  
The love that God is involved in is principled love.  
I spoke to the representatives yesterday, and I said that women are the opposite. First, become a father. They have lost the love of the father. So no matter how beautiful they are, they must love as a daughter. What else have they lost? The love of the parents has been lost, which is the fall, and then they have not fully received the love of their older brother, which is also the fall. This is the fall of Eve. In a position like no other in the world, loving like a younger sister, they are placed in a position where they can die for their father and older brother, and then even if that woman asks, "I wish you would be my love partner..." it cannot be.  
Then they ask, "Did you love me like a father?" "Yes." "Did you love me like a true older brother?" "Yes." After that, if God permits, they can marry. It cannot be just the two of us! Are there two of us? After God is involved... That is the principle. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." If these young people go around like Satan saying, "I must make her my girlfriend. I must make her my bride," then they are all Satan, Satan. Therefore, when a woman sees a man, she must love him like a father, love him like an older brother, and then welcome him as a husband; that is the way of the principle. This is the original principle of creation. Can you marry as you please? "No." That's a big problem! "No." Why? Because true love does not have such thoughts as mentioned now. True love comes after going through the principle, after passing through the world of principles. It is called the principle-result dominion. It comes after passing through the principle. You must go beyond that.  
What is that principle? It is that before restoring the love of the father and restoring the love of the older brother, there is no way for a woman to find her counterpart. A man cannot marry before restoring the love of the mother and the love of the older sister; that is the conclusion of the principle. Isn't it the same at home? You receive the love of your parents, and then after loving among siblings, you grow up and marry, right? It's the same.  
81  
The same goes for me. Even if the women of the Unification Church say, "Teacher, Teacher!" or "Father, Father!" and all follow me, that is all... If they were men of the world... They must love them like daughters and like younger sisters. Then they must wish for a husband, a counterpart, who is even better than me. That is the love of God as a parent. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Therefore, the members of the Unification Church will all come saying, "Teacher, Teacher!" It is natural that they come with such love. It is natural that they become one.  
Now, because the principle is like that, when you men go out to evangelize, if you have this heart of love, women will flock to you. They will inevitably come. Just seeing you will make them feel good. "Ah! He is great." Just seeing you will make them feel good. Why? Because if the principle is like that, it is like the fallen Eve trying to entangle the unfallen Adam. This means that the non-principle is controlled by the principle. You must recreate through the principle, recreate.  
Therefore, I have the responsibility to love you like a father, and I have the responsibility to love you like an older brother, and you have the responsibility to love me like a father, and you have the responsibility to love me like an older brother. After doing all this, if we forget each other, how wonderful a man, how wonderful a teacher would that be? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." True love comes only after passing through the principle. Why must we go through such a process? To find true love.  
The Principle of Divine Love  
So where is true love in our human world? It exists within one's own home, among mother, father, and siblings. Isn't that right? "That's right." Next, where is the true love of the church? What is God's true love? Centered on this principle, the original love that has not fallen, the unchanging love, appears as a true father, manifests as true sons and daughters, and appears as a true husband and true wife; the love woven there is the conclusion that it is true love. Do you understand what I mean? We must complete the love of the son-in-law expectation.  
Today, we humans have fallen. The love of the world we live in is fallen love. Therefore, fallen humans must go through the principle of recreation. It means to recreate. To do that, what must happen? We must become perfected people, true people. A true person must become the unfallen Adam and Eve.  
So what kind of people are the true Adam and Eve? They are people who can receive God's love from all sides. When viewed centered on God, since God is the Father, they must completely receive the love of the true Father. They must also receive the love of true children and the love of siblings. They must receive the love of a true husband and a true wife.  
Why is that necessary? Why is God's love necessary? Why is parental love necessary? Because God is the subject and humans are the object, it is necessary to establish a vertical relationship. Then, why is the love of Adam and Eve, husband and wife, necessary? It is necessary to establish a horizontal love. And why is the love of siblings necessary? This is how the environment is woven. The environment is created. This connects with the world. Siblings connect with the world. From this principle, the saying that all people are siblings arises. So how should siblings love each other? They should love like husband and wife, and love like God; that is how it is said. Then that becomes the love of the principle established by God. That is the love that can be done as a perfected, complete, true person! This is what you must understand.  
Now, when we say, "Woman! Become a true woman," what must be done? Let's conclude. You must love God more than yourself, love your husband like God, and love your siblings more than God and your husband. Also, when viewed from God's perspective, God loves the object more and loves the son more. It means loving more than oneself. That is true love. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."  
83  
That is the original principle of divine love. Divine love, centered on true love, centered on world love, is God's ideal, so in that way, love men as an extension of your husband, love women as an extension of your wife, and think of and love this as an extension of siblings, an extension of older brothers, an extension of younger siblings, and then love as an object-centered extension with God as the subject; that is true love.  
That love connects even to hell, connects even to the world of Satan, and connects to the kingdom of heaven. There is no place it does not connect. Within that realm of love, even if a frail woman holds onto a big man like a German, God is drawn in, and the world is drawn in. God is drawn in, and the world follows joyfully. That is not just talk.  
And among these men, there is the love of a wife, the love of a mother, the love of an older sister, and the love of siblings. Do you understand that? That is true love. Therefore, the conclusion is that we must practice the love of the three-object purpose in the principle.  
A wife must love her husband like a father, love him like an older brother, and love him as a husband. Even if the father dies, she lives believing in her husband as a substitute for the father. Even if there is no older brother, she lives believing in her husband as an older brother, and even if there is no younger sibling, she lives believing in her husband as a younger sibling. Then, even if I disappear, she must live establishing someone greater than me. If she can do that, she is a true wife, a true woman. Do you understand? Is that correct? "Yes."  
Next, what should the man think? That woman is a substitute for the mother, a substitute for the older sister, a substitute for the younger sibling, and she is a central being who can live even at the cost of my life. She is a substitute being. If that happens, he is a true man. The union of such a man and such a woman is called a true couple. Here, anyone from the world can connect, and God can welcome anyone from the spirit world, and anyone can be welcomed forever.  
The Unification Church is a Training Ground for True Love  
84   The World Loved by God  
So, what is the Unification Church? It is a place where one cannot find all these methods of love, and there is no place to practice such love, but today, transcending borders and transcending the world, nations, and ethnicities, the Unification Church is presented as a training ground for such love! That is how it is viewed.  
When you say you are true parents, what does that mean? What does it mean to say "true siblings"? This place is a training ground, a preparation to find the original love of God that has been lost. Therefore, it teaches how to love one person as a substitute for humanity, as a substitute for the world's men, as a substitute for the father, as a substitute for God, as a substitute for the older brother, and as a substitute for the younger sibling.  
Even in the families of the world today, if it is for the parents' sake, if it is for the parents' will, there are paths where sons and daughters sacrifice their lives. Therefore, centered on the will of heaven, if it is the teacher's work within God's will, it is only natural that you prepare to go with your life. Just as there are women in the world who ruin their lives for the success of their younger siblings or older brothers, we can also sacrifice and go with gratitude for our siblings. We can go to a place beyond that of ordinary people.  
To love people like God, to love them like a teacher or an older brother if they are men, and to love them like a mother or an older sister if they are women—can this be possible based on the foundation of a transcendent world? When that is possible, a world of ideals, a new world is created.  
When you see American citizens, do you love them as brothers from the perspective of being American citizens, or do you love them from the perspective of being siblings as children of God? "As children of God..." Which is more precious? Which do you desire? Do you desire the love of a brother as an American citizen, or do you desire the love of a brother as a child of God? Which do you want? "As a child of God..." Because you desire the love of a brother as a child of God, it is only natural that even if you abandon the American brothers today, you must follow this path; that is the theoretical conclusion.  
True love begins from loving humanity like God.  
So, you must see like God, treat people as the objects of God's love, and be able to love them as children of God. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Having such thoughts is God's... That is the absolute, the unique, unchanging personality of God. When I take an unchanging, unique, absolute position before God with that personality, eternal God's love, unchanging God's love, and unique God's love will automatically be activated. Just as men and women seek love when they grow up, similarly, when a person is perfected, they will automatically come to know God's love. Thus, when I love humanity like God, sacrifice for humanity like God, and care for the future of humanity like God, I become a person who can represent God, and from there, eternal love begins.  
So, have you understood what a true person is? "Yes." What is it? "True love..." It is becoming an unfallen Adam. It is becoming an Adam who stands on the standard of the principle, becoming Eve. The path I walk is the path of finding one father, one brother, and one husband. There is nothing else. Therefore, it is transcendent. It transcends democracy and communism.  
Today, I will end here due to time constraints, but understand this... To find true love, you must become a true person. As I have said, you must possess the principle and seek the position of such Adam and Eve. When you reach that position, there will be no distinction between yellow races, black races, and white races. It is one. The concept of "That is a black person. That is a yellow person" must be replaced by the concept of "That is my brother. That is a child of God." Such a person is a true person. Wherever such true people are, true love will inevitably be present. That is the world where those who have completed the ideal of God's creation live.  
86   The World Loved by God  
So, do you all want to go to that world? "Yes." Without a doubt? "Yes." I wish for God's blessing to be upon you. (Applause)  
3)  
Cheon Seung Il  
Seeing your faces makes me happy and satisfied. (Applause) Because your faces are youthful and rosy. Therefore, there is hope in your faces, there is a tomorrow, and you must realize the amazing fact that a new history is awaited. You must also recognize the astonishing fact that the direction of the world is determined by your faces and fists. (Applause)  
October 4th is a day to commemorate liberation.  
Today, as you know, is October 4, 1976. The Washington Conference ended on September 18, but your activities are set to conclude today, ultimately ending yesterday and today. What day is today? It is a very good day. When we say October, the number 10 symbolizes heaven, and the number 9 signifies the completion number, indicating the end of the world of Satan. The number 10 is a return number, indicating a return to the beginning, a day of returning to heaven. You should know that the number 4 signifies the expectation of a son-in-law. You know that the number 4 has been the foundation for historical development, leading to the need for conditions of restoration over 40 years and 400 years. And the number 4 can also represent the earth. Therefore, it is a good number for heaven and earth to unite.  
Today, October 4th, is also an unforgettable liberation day for me. It is the day I came out of the prison in a place called Seodaemun in Korea. From there, I came to America and achieved victory at the Washington Conference, making today a day to commemorate liberation, a day to celebrate two liberations. I am grateful for this meaningful day. First, I thank God, and then I thank you all.  
Therefore, today, while celebrating the victory of the Washington Conference, we have designated this day as a memorial day historically significant for our Unification Church, due to its vast content and heavenly significance. So, what day is today? We have decided it is Cheon Seung Il, a festival day celebrating that heaven has won.  
Humans Lost the Ideal World of Creation Centered on True Love Due to the Fall  
Why is this day such a day? Let me explain. If there had been no fall, if Adam and Eve had completed, God would have centered on humanity and established the earth...
The original ideal of creation was to have God present. Now, if that is the case, the kingdom of joy and happiness centered on God and humanity extends to the angelic world, and not only that, but it also reaches into the world of all things. Then, God, humanity, the angelic world, and the world of all things become a unified ideal kingdom without any gaps. It becomes an ideal world. If that were the case, today humanity would not need to learn about God because they do not know Him, and there would be no need to question the existence of the angelic world, and we would be able to live in harmony with the world of all things. 

Then, you would be able to understand what the whispers of the birds mean, and you would know the melody of the butterflies and bees as they fly, and all the phenomena of nature, like flowing rivers, blowing winds, and swaying trees, would inevitably manifest as symbols of our joy and dance. All the movements and rhythms of these phenomena would express the love of God and sing the melody of love.

When we humans laugh, if you laugh, people may only see your face laughing, but when your face laughs, your feet laugh, your hair laughs, and everything laughs. And it’s not just the outer person that laughs; the inner person, the inner self also laughs... Furthermore, this body becomes a resonant entity of all things, and the heart becomes a resonant entity of the spiritual world, so when I laugh, it becomes the standard that heaven and earth laugh. The way I walk is the movement of the universe, the movement of heaven and earth.

Now, if I were to talk about this, there wouldn’t be enough time... So, if people start to sing, it’s because heaven and earth sing... Will people sing, or not? "They will." When you see someone laughing in today’s world, they may smile on the outside, but inside they are not laughing, their body is not laughing, only their lips are smiling. So, have you ever tried laughing like that? Have you ever danced with vigor? Have you thought, "The universe melts into my love"?

Love is like a nerve; if you pull one hair, everything comes along with it. Similarly, if you pull that love, the universe is drawn in, and if that love moves, the universe is harmonized. Just saying "love" makes the universe go "ha—" and when you talk about love, everything gets drawn in. Do you like love? "Yes." How much do you love? (Laughter) That’s why love... There is no one who cries while talking about love. When a person who can love appears, then... Dancing is not something you do alone. When a person who can love appears, they must dance. Why do we dance? It’s to move together with the world. Dance came into being because of love. That’s how it is. Why did singing come into being? It came into being because of love. Why did laughter come into being? It came into being because of love. If you take love away, everything hardens. Does it seem like that? "Yes."

However, nowadays, singing is not only done for love but also for social purposes; there are social songs, social dances, and all sorts of things. Because of this world, and because this world cannot be in the original ideal position that the entire universe desires, it is a fallen, sick, and broken world, which is why our religious people call this world a fallen world. It has fallen.

How far has it fallen? When humanity becomes the perfect foundation, God can dwell there. For humanity to go to the position of God, first, the servant, the archangel must be completely perfected. Then, on that foundation, the son stands, and in the position of being one with the son, God can dwell.

Without going through the principle of re-creation, restoration cannot happen. This is the original ideal, but because of the fall, God has also fallen, the original humanity has fallen, the angelic world has fallen, and the world of all things has fallen. It has fallen outside of the universe. After the servant is perfected, the son begins to be perfected, and after the son is perfected, God can dwell. Thus, the center of love is determined.

However, because this has fallen, we are now lower than all things. We are lower than all things. Because this has gone outside of the principle, we must ride back up. This is the game we are playing. Ultimately, we have lost the foundation of all things, lost the foundation of the servant, and lost the foundation of the son, so we must ride back up on the foundation of all things, ride back up on the foundation of the servant, and ride back up on the foundation of the son. Therefore, we are going to God. This is the reverse logic that has arisen.

God, humanity, angels, and all things have all been separated. Who separated them? Humanity separated them, so humanity has the mission to reconnect them. However, fallen humanity cannot reconnect this, so God has sought a way to connect this, which is the work of salvation.

However, connecting this is not done blindly. One method to reconnect is that it was originally connected through the principle, so reconnecting this can only be done under the principle of re-creation. Therefore, the logic of the Unification Church establishes that restoration must go through the principle of re-creation. Because God and humanity were connected through the principle, the way to reconnect can only be through the principle of re-creation.

Thus, God began the providence of salvation, which is the providence of returning.

Overview of the religious history responsible for the providence of restoration. 

So how is the providence of salvation structured? Since humanity must ride over, the holy all things, and fallen humanity has been defiled, they must unite with the holy all things and ride over together; this is what could not be avoided. This era is the Old Testament era. It is the era of offerings. In this process, what happens is that they follow the words of the prophets. They ride on the prophets. This is the history of the servant. They ride on the servant. They ride over with the servant along with all things. Thus, God promised to send the Messiah centered on the 4,000 years of Israel's history.

Therefore, the Messiah must ride over this with a nation that represents the realm of all things and a people that represents the priestly authority. What is the Messiah? He is the son. The son of God must ride over. This is the history of restoration. The people represent the angelic realm. And the prophet is the archangel. Therefore, only by becoming one with this people, and only by going beyond the nation and the church can one go to the position of the son. It is on this foundation that the son can appear. This is the principle.

Thus, before this son, not only the nation of Israel but also the global nations and the global angelic realm remain, so they must become one, and also, with the authority of the son of God, they must completely unite with the world of Satan to ascend.

Now, because they could not unite, Jesus died. The nation that could serve as the altar for the Messiah was the nation of Israel, but this was completely shattered. Therefore, Christianity is for the purpose of rebuilding this. Originally, since it was the mission of the Messiah to standardize Rome, they had to enter Rome and fight to place the Roman people in such a position based on the nation of Rome.

Jesus died and resurrected not in body and spirit, but only spiritually, so the history of spiritual Christianity began, and it became a religion focused on the spiritual. Originally, the nation and religion should have united centered on body and spirit, but this resulted in a world where religion and nation became separated.

Thus, Christianity is only spiritual, and while it has inherited the foundation of the son, it is not a complete son, so it has developed globally as a foundation of adopted sonship. Originally, it should have entered the position of the son directly through all things and the servant, but it has to go through the form of the adopted son. This is the history of religion.

America must unite with the Unification Church. 

The representative of such a nation is America. America is the representative nation of the world. It’s an interesting story. After failing in Rome, failing in England, and being chased and cornered in the struggle between old and new churches, the group that was seeking the nation that God desired had no choice but to come to the American continent and establish an independent nation of the new church, which is America. You must understand that these 200 years of America are a period of historical blessing that compensates for all the mistakes of the past 2,000 years as a new church nation.

Originally, this continent, the North and South American continents, is an Eastern nation, an Eastern nation. It is the land of the Indians. You must understand that the Indians are Eastern people. Do you understand that? "Yes." In the end, Reverend Moon came to his cousin's house, his cousin. (Applause) History has unfolded like that.

So why did God allow the Asian Indians to be sacrificed by the white Americans? The people who moved here at that time were the weak. They were the weak, not the strong. They were the weak on God's side. They were the extremely weak, the weak whom God loves, and if the Indians had embraced and loved them, the Indians would have been blessed. If the Indians and the white immigrants had united, it would have been the historical Cain and Abel becoming one. It would have completely united, but the colored races, the Asians, were more numerous than the whites. They spread first. 

Thus, they were like Cain, but they had to love Abel and become one. If they had united here, Cain and Abel would have become one, and the ideal kingdom would have been realized, but they could not do that.

Therefore, God had no choice but to stand on Abel's side... He could not stand on Cain's side. That is why God had no choice but to allow the sacrifice of the Indians. This is the providential perspective. If there are descendants of the Indians here, they might think, "Why is that?" but that is a misunderstanding.

Reverend Moon came to America for the opposite reason. To fulfill the absolute will of God, this yellow race came for the opposite reason, but if Reverend Moon is close to God's side and the whites oppose him, what will happen? You must understand that the time has come for the exact opposite phenomenon to occur. What is grateful about Reverend Moon is that by uniting the yellow, black, and white races to work together, a providential era has emerged where the world can live. The whole world has become like that, the whole world. The way for the world to live has been established.

Heavenly Rome is America, and heavenly Israel is Korea. 

So, what must the son of God ride on to fulfill God's will? He must ride on a nation with a global foundation, and ride on a religion with a global foundation, and then he must ride over the positions of the servant and the adopted son. Only then can he go to God, which is the principle of restoration. This is the providential necessity to repeat this process of re-creation. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." This is the history of restoration.

So what should we do? Now, what is this Washington Conference today? To speak in detail, it is a very interesting story, but since there is no time, I must cut it short.

Thus, the history of restoration is the history of indemnity, and the history of indemnity is to recreate what has failed in the historical process and indemnify it. Therefore, the most miserable thing in God's providence was Adam's fall, and the second most miserable thing was that Jesus could not transcend the national foundation centered on the world foundation. 

That is why everything Jesus wanted to do at that time is being recreated on this world foundation, and since Christianity has become the world foundation centered on the land of America, a movement to recreate such a game will unfold.

Heaven must create such a historical framework. If it is created on the side of Satan, it will lead to death, and since it cannot fulfill God's will, it must create the heavenly side's framework in that form. Therefore, you must understand that this nation of America stands as the leading nation of the world while also standing in a position like Rome before the nation of Israel. You must understand that it stands in a position like Rome because it has inherited the Christian tradition. 

Since Rome inherited the Christian tradition and became Christianized itself, the extension of that is that the Roman form within the global Christian realm is America.

Rome and Israel were mutually antagonistic. Therefore, if they remain antagonistic today, problems will arise again, so the heavenly Roman form and the heavenly Israel form have been established, which is America and Korea. You must understand that what matches Israel in front of ancient Rome is Korea in front of today’s America. However, the nature has changed. Rome stood in a subjective position to oppress the Israelite people, but America stands on the side of heaven, intending to save a Korea like Israel. That is the difference. Only then can the environment to fulfill the will be established. 

Why can’t America let go of Korea? If they let go of Korea, all of Asia will run away. That is how it is.

It is essential to establish the condition of victory by finding everything that Jesus failed to accomplish. You must understand that the Unification Church has inherited this mission. Therefore, centered on Korea, which is a Christian sovereign nation, if it had united with the Unification Church from the time of its independence, it would have immediately connected with America. It would have immediately connected with America. Just as Jesus had to transcend the national altar, the national offerings, and the foundation like a servant, and transcend the nation of Rome and the Roman people like a global offering, the Unification Church must transcend the Korean nation and the Korean people, and then transcend the American nation and the American people. Thus, it will restore what the nation of Israel failed to achieve.

So, for that, Christianity and the Unification Church must become one. If Christianity had become one with the Unification Church, it would have immediately crossed over, just as Judaism could have immediately crossed over if it had united with Israel. However, Christianity opposed it. It opposed it.

Therefore, just as the nation of Israel, centered on Judaism, was completely shattered after Jesus died, now this Christianity is beginning to shatter because it cannot uphold this will. Thus, history is developing in this way.

So, what has the teacher done in Korea until now? He had to indemnify and restore what Jesus could not do in 30 years, and he has been working to indemnify and restore what he could not do in 33 years on the world stage through the Unification Church. You must understand this. Ultimately, the teacher is repeating the work of pioneering the global stage in his 30s.

You must understand that the period from 1945, when Korea was liberated, until 1978 is the 33-year period of Jesus. This is the time to re-indemnify the form of the 33 years that Jesus lived, centered on the global standard. Jesus started his public ministry in his 30s and went through three years of public life, right? Today, the teacher’s three and a half years of activity in America corresponds to the global foundation that re-indemnifies Jesus’ public life of three years.

Thus, ultimately... transcending the opposition of the Korean people, establishing the conditions for indemnity, and centering on 1975, transcending the national standard of Korea...
The current struggle is to align with the global standards set by the United States from 1975 to 1977, aiming to mitigate the Roman-like forms of oppression. 

Centered on the spiritual and physical aspects, the Washington Conference achieved a global victory. Until 1974, the teacher focused on Madison Square Garden in the U.S. By establishing a spiritual foundation in the U.S., which is based on Christianity, and by bringing the International Mobile Corps to Korea in 1975, the time has begun to connect the global physical foundation starting from Korea. 

Without the connection between the spiritual world and the physical national foundation, a global national foundation cannot be formed. Therefore, even if a national foundation is established in Korea through spiritual and physical means, a base must be established to absorb the spiritual Christian cultural realm of the world. Only through this can a physical world foundation be formed. This is the essence of the current struggle. Do you understand what I mean? 

“Yes.” It is something you must understand. 

Thus, after achieving victory in Korea, centered on the spiritual and physical aspects, in this global struggle… Yankee Stadium and Washington are the heart of America. The fight is happening here. I am the one who is challenging. The U.S. remains still, but I am the one who is challenging. It is the opposite of how Rome attacked Israel in the past; I am initiating the fight. 

So, if America is in turmoil, and if Korea and America unite to say, “Let’s expel Reverend Moon! Let’s chase him away!” they are opposing. The Yankee Stadium event is the second one, similar to the time when Jesus died and resurrected. Because it is a fight for the unified resurrection rights where the spiritual and physical can become one, something must happen during the Yankee Stadium event… whether it be an attempt to kill or bloodshed, the teacher thought that something significant must occur. It must happen that way. Ultimately, it is like Reverend Moon dying and then resurrecting. 

That is why an unexpected storm arose. Because of that, no one anticipated that a conference would take place. On the contrary, those opposing were all happy, saying, “Ah! Reverend Moon is finished.” Many among those who claimed they would do all sorts of things that day ended up turning back. They returned, saying they could not hold the conference. 

Indeed, the concept of restoration through indemnity is unavoidable. At that time, when the rain poured down, the teacher's picture, which was stuck to the wind wall, fell down in a heap. Then, Kamiya came in and wept, and everyone was in despair. Everyone was despondent. Amidst that, what happened outside was that our children sang centered around the Go World Brass Band. The audience completely united. That was magnificent. 

What does that mean? It is similar to how the audience at Jesus’ trial all abandoned their positions and became one. Just as there were three hours of darkness for Jesus, there were also three hours of darkness for the teacher. In the same way, he endured such suffering. Ultimately, what happened was that after Jesus died, a miraculous transformation occurred, and the heavens opened, welcoming the bright world again. 

Through both internal and external environments, having gone through darkness, he established the rights of resurrection and planted the flag of victory. Because of this, you might have thought in your hearts, “We must achieve 100% victory….” But you only achieved half victory. That is a partial victory. The Yankee Stadium and Washington conferences are akin to passing through a global stage that indemnifies the 2000-year history of Jesus, thus achieving complete victory in Washington. 

Spiritual Christianity… And at the Washington Conference, centered on the spiritual and physical, it was proclaimed, “King!” 

Just as Simon of Cyrene assisted Jesus while he bore the cross, I felt that at the Washington Conference, there was cooperation from the black community. It was remarkable. It fit perfectly. Thus, united, Reverend Moon did not die. Everyone wished for his failure, everyone wished for his downfall, yet all the Westerners, all the American people opposed him… 

Thus, Abel-type Unification Church and the Cain-type external world came together, and our Unification Church made every effort for 40 days to save them. Despite their opposition, everything turned around, and Washington City had to accept it… they could not oppose it. When they said, “Reverend Moon is like this,” they reacted… (expressing with gestures) such a spectacle unfolded. 

And because we maintained good relations with the media, on the days when they opposed the Unification Church, they would ask, “Why are they opposing like that?” 

The perception of the Unification Church changed after the Washington Conference. 

Thus, regarding the cleaning efforts and poster removals we undertook around the time of the Washington Conference, everyone concluded that we were the only organization that did not exist in the U.S., the only people that could not be found among the American populace. Ultimately, the Unification Church was determined to be an organization that could not be found in the 200-year historical process, an organization that accomplished what no one else could in that 200-year history. 

Moreover, what is the issue? If people of color, including whites, blacks, and Asians, gathered, there would typically be conflicts, but these people united and shouted, “Reverend Moon, yay!” This has never happened in American history. Furthermore, it cannot happen in future history. 

Therefore, the final conclusion is that the Unification Church is the greatest super religion in the world. 

What does that mean? It means that all the good spirits of historical figures, both Eastern and Western, black and white, are united to protect Reverend Moon. Furthermore, on earth, whites, blacks, and Asians all come together for Reverend Moon… Thus, the cooperation of the heavenly realm and the earthly realm has been completed. 

As a result, we, the Abel-type, have been beaten down and have bowed our heads. From now on, we will leap forward. 

In Asia, the leading figure in the communist realm, which we will be fighting against, is Mao Zedong. Next is Kim Il-sung of Korea. Mao Zedong is the global representative of the communist realm, and Kim Il-sung is the national representative, becoming the leader of the yellow race. At the moment when Mao Zedong stands in this position, I stepped onto the global foundation. 

As you know, the front-page article of the Washington Post was about Reverend Moon, while Mao Zedong was on page 18. As a result, what happened? They thought, “Ah, the Unification Church is an unusual organization. If it’s scary, it’s a scary organization, and if it’s going to cause a big issue, it will cause a big issue.” 

From this perspective, the Washington gathering holds historical significance. As a result, Reverend Moon’s position and the Unification Church’s position have been solidified, akin to how Jesus held a historical proclamation ceremony in Rome with the spiritual and physical realms. 

We have resolved the grievances of God and Jesus. 

So, what happened as a result? Ultimately, it can be said that Jesus resolved his grievances. Furthermore, God can resolve His grievances. Additionally, all the saints and righteous people, who have not been able to resolve their grievances on earth due to the killing of Jesus, have now resolved all their grievances. The teacher has resolved all the fateful grievances of the past. 

Because of this, it can be said that we have achieved victory, as we have become the conditions to resolve the grievances of the spiritual realm and the earthly realm. Victory means that we can guide everything that was bound by those conditions. 

Until now, the spiritual realm has been completely blocked. There are no nations. There are no nations like those on earth in the spiritual realm. However, those who believed in Buddhism all enter the Buddhist realm, those who believed in Confucianism enter the Confucian realm, those who believed in Christianity enter the Christian realm, and those who believed in Muhammad enter the realm of Islam. Thus, the spiritual realm has become entirely religiously segmented. 

Therefore, when the time comes for the Messiah to arrive, they prepare for their own organizations, building walls until that time. Unless the grievances caused by human fallibility, the grievances of God, Jesus, and the teacher are resolved in both the spiritual and earthly realms, those walls cannot be torn down. 

By achieving victory at the Washington Conference, it is possible to resolve those grievances. Thus, the spiritual realm becomes unified. The spiritual realm will now become a complete organization, and accordingly, the earthly realm will also become relatively unified. 

What results will occur? “If God, Adam, Eve, and the archangel become one, a world without fall would have been established.” This is the principle. However, what has happened is that God, Adam, and Eve… centered on the teacher and centered on you, the archangelic realm has emerged. This corresponds to the angelic world and the world of the sons. Everything will be like that. 

So, what is the standard? It means that we have reached a global standard. We have achieved victory at the highest Abel-type standard. Because of this, Satan can no longer attack the unity of God, Adam, Eve, and the archangel. If they strike, they must pay double in damages. Therefore, from now on, if they strike, they will lose everything. They will lose all blessings. Do you understand? 

“Yes.” It means that they will be reversed. In the past, even if Satan rose up like this, now it will be reversed. Even if Satan rose up to the heavenly side, now it will be reversed. 

As a result, what happens now is that the spiritual realm has completely become one with us. It has completely united with us. Therefore, now you must clearly understand the attitude that our Unification Church must have. 

Then, how should we proceed? We must understand how to avoid falling into the accusations of Satan. 

To have the qualifications to participate in this day of celebration, when you were active at the Washington Conference, you must have a standard that exceeds the one you had when you were striving for victory. Only then will heaven… Do you understand? 

When you move like that, heaven cooperates. If you move beyond that, heaven will always cooperate. But what if you fall below that? Will Satan remain still? If you weaken, it’s like germs entering your body. 

Today, along with Cheon Seung Il, you must understand one thing: the traditional foundation of the Unification Church’s victory is that when you advance with the same sincerity and enthusiasm you had while preparing for the Washington Conference, heaven will always be with you, and victory will always be in our hands. 

This is the conclusion we can draw. Do you understand? 

“Yes.” 

Now, whether you have the qualifications to participate in this day of celebration depends on whether you will have the determination to act beyond that and to advance beyond that. If you do not have such determination, you must understand that you do not have the qualifications to participate in this day of celebration. 

“Those who are certain of this, raise your hands.” (Everyone raises their hands) Thank you. 

Now, the struggle that remains for us is the fight against communism. 

With this vow, what is our goal as we advance? It is to hold a global conference against communism in Moscow. We must recognize that this day remains. 

Now, regardless of whether the democratic world of America opposes, whether the State Department opposes, or whether any country opposes, do not pay attention to it. Those opposing from behind are all flowing away. They do not oppose from the front. From behind, they say, “Hey, hey, hey!” and while doing that, they follow us. “Hey, hey, don’t go!” they say while following us. 

Therefore, we must transcend that level. What we need to do is to drive out the communists. If we do this, the communists will globally shout, “Kill Reverend Moon! Drive out Reverend Moon!” 

Now, that struggle remains. Just as the democratic world opposed me, now in the North, they are saying, “Kill that Reverend Moon! U.S. State Department, U.S., drive out Reverend Moon! That Reverend Moon will ruin Korea and America.” They are spreading malicious propaganda. They claim that I will ruin the democratic world. Even the Korean government, including the Park regime, claims that I will ruin everything. 

Now, let me make it clear: do not worry about the U.S. State Department or the Korean embassies. I am not someone who will ruin America or Korea; I am someone who will save America and Korea. 

Look. Christianity opposes, America opposes, and the democratic world opposes, but among them, there is not a single person trying to stab the communists. America is retreating, Christianity is retreating, and Judaism is retreating, but the Unification Church and Reverend Moon are moving forward alone, and they like that. Thus, while their faces show discontent, they applaud with their hands. 

Do you think that will happen? “I think so.” It is undoubtedly true. Therefore, the world communist party fears the Unification Church the most; they hate Reverend Moon the most. 

Thus, the global Cain and the global Abel have clashed. We must go out with the laws of the heavenly principle. The purpose of the struggle is not to destroy them but to save them. 

Look. If we have weapons, the spiritual realm mobilizes. The spiritual realm mobilizes to reach the sons and daughters within Moscow, allowing us to intervene with the second generation. You must understand this. 

Because we are trying to save the communists, those second generations will follow us. Just as the firstborns were killed in Egypt but the secondborns were not, the second ones belong to heaven, and those in the Abel position of the restoration providence, being in the Abel position within the communist world, are the sons or the younger generation, and heaven will be able to hold onto them. 

That logic holds true. Just as the first generation of the Israelite people perished in the wilderness, but the second generation returned to Canaan, the first generation in the Soviet Union may perish, but the second generation in the Soviet Union can enter the kingdom of heaven. 

It is the same conclusion. 

Therefore, when we confront them directly, in proportion to the confrontation, the more they persecute us, the more God will show the spiritual realm centered on their sons and daughters. Thus, the children of the highest communist party members will see the spiritual realm in their dreams, saying, “My father says there is no God…”
"Is there really no God? God exists." This is how conflicts arise with the father. (Applause) If newspaper reporters were here, they would find it amusing, thinking, "This is a dream-like story." However, I am speaking the truth. It is because they are blind to the spiritual world. Look. It is because I know these facts that I can have the conviction to confront the Communist Party head-on and move forward. If I die in the Soviet Union, I think they will erect a statue of me in Moscow Square, and that is what the descendants of the Communist Party will do. I know this. (Applause)

One who can speak with such confidence, who has a logical system and can boldly declare before the entire world, the entire spiritual world, and the entire Communist world, is none other than Reverend Moon. You must understand this. Until now, there has been nothing that Reverend Moon has said would happen that has not come to pass. Furthermore, there has been nothing he has said he would do that he has failed to accomplish.

Now, when I came here three and a half years ago and said, "I will do this," who believed it? Who believed it? It is easier to move forward from now than it has been from then until now. Now we must go beyond the democratic world into the Communist world, and we must make a choice between retreating or advancing in this historical confrontation between Abel and Cain. This is the place where we must conclude. Do you want to advance? 
"Yes." Then let those who are absolutely certain raise their hands and swear before Heaven. Thank you. (Applause)

Now, what happens because of this? It is a historical fact that Cain and Abel cannot unite without finding their parents. Therefore, if the democratic world and the Unification Church unite today, parents can emerge in the democratic world. On the day when the Communist world and the democratic world, Cain and Abel, become one, it will become a nation where a global parent can appear. This is the conclusion. Because of this, until 1981, during the third seven-year course, there will be fierce struggles... If you believe in Heavenly love and go out with absolute conviction, you can shorten that period. I am speaking to the U.S. State Department; if the U.S. State Department cooperates with Reverend Moon, everything can be resolved within that time frame.

The second generation does not oppose, right? Older people are all opposed, but why do young people join the Unification Church? The second generation cannot help but join because they are on Heaven's side. You must understand this. The second generation is on our side. Those who are opposing now, the media, do not understand this and wonder, "How can these young Americans, who do not listen to the teacher, do not listen to their parents, and do not listen to the president, all go and become servants? And why do they not run away even though they can?" This is because the heavenly fortune has been unleashed.

Those who are unmarried here, raise your hands. Is it all of you? More than 80 percent, right? Why is this phenomenon occurring in America? It is because God is doing it, not Reverend Moon. It is God who is doing it. Those who oppose will all become food for the eagles in the wilderness, or they will be stabbed and killed by the Communists.

No one said it could be done, yet we have achieved this much. Therefore, by opposing, they are offering their sons and daughters as gifts. Do you understand? It is reasonable to oppose. (Laughter) That is the reality. Because I know that, I am boldly working in America. The children of the New York Times president did not listen to the Principle, and the children of the Washington Post president did not listen to the Principle, so they remain quiet, but the day they listen, they will fight with their fathers. I do not need to fight. The son will fight with the father. Because I understand this, and because I know that Heaven gives something better, I am calm and happy even while being persecuted. (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean? We are not retreating but advancing. This is an inevitable conclusion based on the principle of the restoration of the universe and heavenly law, and because I know this, I have endured until now without failing, even while facing opposition.

Those who oppose are here, and Reverend Moon has a coherent and sound logic, so the more they oppose, the more it will develop and improve, so think about it again. This principle is the same in the Communist world. When a global problem arises and they can no longer develop further, then it will become our turn. Therefore, we are discovering God in our lives, discovering God in society, and discovering God in the world. The statement that there is no God is now...

So, from now on, are we going to go or not? We have decided to go, right? "Yes." Then what standard should we uphold? If we go out with this, they will laugh at us. Like David and Goliath... No matter how strong they are, they ultimately rely on humanistic ideas and material origins, but we are centered on God through heavenly will and will ultimately arrive at the invisible, infinite world. (Applause)

You must understand that there are no borders in the spiritual world. In attacking the Soviet Union, people from China, Africa, or any country can all attack. Anyone from any country can. Now, who has met the teacher in dreams, prayers, visions, or revelations? Raise your hands. Everyone, right? It is 100 percent, 100 percent. Who knows this? No one knows. No matter how much you study, you will not know. Only you know. The spiritual world has no borders, so how can we not do it globally?

Look. Those who had the notion that "Reverend Moon is bad" are now all saying, "It's good, it's good." What will happen if it becomes known in the spiritual world? It becomes a problem in the world. Who knows that the closed drawer has been opened with a key? Who knows that the drawer that was filled has been opened with a key? Only those who know know. However, we can theoretically understand that. Just wait and see.

Therefore, when this earth comes under God's dominion and becomes a world of equality fighting for God's sovereignty, that time will surely come. If there had been another way, I would have gone first. I would not have to endure insults while bringing you all along; I would have already gone. There is no other way. That is why I am doing this. I am not less intelligent than you. (Laughter) So understand that, and with the content of our Principle that you know, even if you believe, it is enough. Even when you look at the experiences of faith today, it is enough to know, so do not doubt, and if you are going to go, just run barefoot.

Three and a half years ago, when I landed in America alone and said I would do this, everyone said it was impossible. But what has happened today? There will be no one among Americans who does not know. The reason it cannot be unknown is that if Reverend Moon were a white man, it might be unknown, but because he is an Asian Reverend Moon, it cannot be unknown. How could there be such a national uproar and not know? Those who do not know are parasites of America; they are not the kind of people who contribute even a little to America or care about the future of America.

Let us head towards Moscow, prepared for death. Do you know Reverend Moon well? "Yes." How well do you know Reverend Moon? You probably know him by various standards. So, it goes without saying that the world does too. However, it only takes a little education to change this. Those who oppose the teacher must understand that if they study, they will do well. Those who were indifferent will become more enthusiastic when they take an interest. Is that not so?

That is why I am very interested in how the American people will turn out. They will probably like it. Did I exploit you? Did I do anything wrong? I am doing this to save America, even while being insulted... Now Reverend Moon has done nothing wrong, and when the American people realize that he came to save America through this ideological system, then... It will happen.

I declare one thing before those who oppose. In 10 or 20 years, when your children understand this meaning and learn that their fathers opposed the Unification Church, they may feel like digging up your graves. You must understand that there is a truth with such content. You must know the truth. Who are you listening to, you guys? Because there is such a truth, because there is a theoretical system, even if everyone here sits and insults, they still say, "Yes." (Laughter. Applause)

Now, we must march towards the remaining Moscow conference and now head towards the new Americas. Since we are going to participate, and because America has not fulfilled its responsibility to the world, we must gather young Americans to do what America has failed to do. The principle is that by putting forward young Americans in advancing towards Moscow, the democratic world can be revived again, so in the future, you must do everything in your power to restore the youth of the Americas.

You are the younger siblings from Europe. You must save Europe. Also, in Christian terms, over there is the Catholic Church, and here is the Protestant Church. We must reclaim all of Europe from the Catholic nations before Communism swallows it all. Therefore, we must create a unified Christianity. Then we must save Judaism, the Jewish people of Israel. If we do not stop Communism, everyone will die.

If these three become one, there will be no problem with Communism. Will there be a problem or not? "There will be no problem." Are you confident or not? "We are confident." Where are the young people in America who do not believe in Christianity? We must bring back all those who have been taken by Communism and Satan. They are trying to destroy everyone without fighting, using drugs. If I had time, I would talk about it, but there is no time.

I am trying to eliminate that. I am trying to eliminate that. (Applause) Aren't you all part of that? Where are those who have used drugs? Raise your hands, let’s see what percentage it is. You are the same. Now, we must not allow drugs, we must not allow alcohol, we must not allow smoking, and then they are making a fuss about free sex, preventing relationships between men and women. This is why there has been a commotion on the side of Satan. The American people must understand this. Can they not praise me but oppose me? (Applause)

Therefore, we are going out under God's command—not Reverend Moon's command—but under God's command, based on the covenant of humanity, and then under Reverend Moon's command. Are you thinking about collapsing when the bullet pierces your heart at the end of the Communist Party? At that time, will you say, "Oh, Reverend Moon, ahaha, I don't want to die. I was wrong. The world, God, I don't know."? You should be grateful. Grateful to God, to humanity, and to Reverend Moon for allowing you to shed your holy blood on the ground. If so, you will go to heaven from that place. I am someone who knows this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

We are going with the resolve to die. We are laying down our lives. Since I have already entrusted it to God, when I die, God will remember me, and if I shed blood and die without fulfilling my purpose, God will hold me and say, "Hey, Reverend Moon, you could not fulfill your purpose, but I will fulfill it. I will fulfill it." Because after Jesus died, God took responsibility for his purpose, you must understand how Christianity has developed even in such a miserable history and environment. It is the same. Now, then, you will be able to establish a new tradition in heaven, a tradition that will be eternally inherited in heaven, and you must understand this amazing fact that you will die with the banner of a loyal subject of that world. That thought has been in the hearts of countless young people throughout ten million years of history...

Now, think about who will be the ancestor of martyrdom in the history of the Unification Church. If you have a son at home, you would wish for him to be such a son, and if you have a daughter, you would wish for her to be such a daughter; that would be the heart of a parent. I believe that is the highest hope.

When I think of that content, from now on, let us march forward with the ideology that has moved from Washington towards the front lines of the heavenly kingdom! Can we do that? "Yes." I will close my eyes, so those who can do it, raise your hands. Thank you.

Now, the entire spiritual world will be mobilized."
Failure, it is about finally covering all the failures and rising up. Therefore, the people of the democratic world connected the paths that anyone can take. The gaps have disappeared. A bridge has been built.

Just as when Adam is completed, God was to come, and similarly, when sons and daughters are perfected, the Kingdom of Heaven will come, and then the Father will come. The Father comes to find the Son. So what happens is that your ancestors will have a way to come to you freely.

That is why now all your ancestors will cooperate with you. They will come and work tirelessly as they wished from the spirit world. Therefore, the Unification Church will conclude that it will make radical advancements that do not exist in the world or in religious history from now on. If you do not go to the Unification Church, they will choke you and say, "You brat, go! You brat!" How happy would your ancestors and good spirits in the spirit world be? This will finally be settled at the Washington Conference. (Applause)

In the future, if just a few people in one neighborhood... this will become one nation, and if it becomes three nations, the world will turn all at once. So which ancestors have many good spirits? That is the current issue. Which country's president or monarch has many good spirits? That country will be the first to enter the Unification Church.

It has come to the point where we can mobilize Jesus, Buddha, and Confucius to play this game. The founders are like the Father. The entire spirit world is undergoing this history. It is a great fact that the vague unknown world can now logically develop under the theoretical foundation through Reverend Moon and can come to a conclusion that can be unified.

Let us march forward more strongly and boldly than at the Washington Conference.

So, did we meet Reverend Moon well or not? "We met well." How happy are we? "Very much..." Even if a virgin lives alone for her whole life without getting married, she should be grateful, and even if a bachelor lives alone for his whole life, he should be grateful, right? "Yes." (Laughter)

Now you should pray. "Along with the teacher's words, on this October 4th, the day of Cheon Seung Il, may our good spirits return as I command and remove the evil descendants on this earth and guide them to the Kingdom of Heaven through your good embrace!" If you command like that, we will enter an era where that command can be fulfilled. Why? Because we live within the realm of the Adamic age, and the spirits live within the realm of the angelic world, so due to the principle that angels must cooperate for Adam, they cannot remain inactive. Do you understand? "Yes."

And you should not pray like this. "Oh, God, ancestors, twist the necks of those who oppose me so they cannot oppose me." Do not pray like that. Instead, you should pray to save the pitiful people. You must bless them, bless them. Why must you do that? Because you must always take the position where Cain and Abel can unite.

Whenever you take that united position, you will not perish...

Look. From a worldly perspective, the New York Times is my enemy, and the Washington Post is my enemy, but if there is something to publish in the newspaper, I would give it to the New York Times and the Washington Post. Isn't that strange? I will always stand in the position of the perfected Abel. I will stand in the position of the victorious Abel. You must understand that. (Applause) Do you understand? "Yes."

We have no enemies. There are no enemies. Therefore, even if we are scorned, let us endure and move forward. God will resolve everything. Now, what is the prayer of the teacher? Now we can pray like this. From now on, we can pray like this. "O pitiful spirits who have been slaughtered before the communists, or righteous people slaughtered before the wicked, or good citizens slaughtered before tyrants, if there are such kinds of people on this earth, go and take revenge. Go and resolve." We can pray like this. Why? Because we must not inflict more damage on the good side. You cannot pray like that. Only the teacher can pray like that. You have not restored everything personally or in your family...

So, for this reason, we must believe in the resurrection of our ancestors, believe that you will always go together, and do not even think about bad things or do bad things. One thing you must know is that when you are strong and bold, your ancestors will cooperate, but if you go down, your ancestors will also be caught. This is the problem that arises. Then, your descendants, your children will have to restore it.

That is why we must advance, advance. The only way to advance beyond the Washington Conference... When that day comes, we can mobilize the spirit world as much as we want, and we can mobilize our ancestors without any hindrance and develop, and your achievements will reach the Kingdom of Heaven. Knowing this, we must march forward. You must understand that the ceremony held between seven and eight o'clock this morning connects such things and opens that door.

So, what day is October 4th? "Cheon Seung Il." You must remember that. Therefore, do not be discouraged and march forward strongly once again, and I hope there will be happiness in your future. (Applause)

The Responsibility of Cain and Abel

Today, the people living on this earth do not know that they must follow the path of indemnity and restoration. When a person makes a mistake, it cannot just be overlooked. They must either provide some compensation for the wrongdoing or face some punishment that corresponds to the conditions of indemnity. Without that, it cannot be settled, and we know that this has become a principle in our social life and our conscience.

To return to God, we must settle past wrongs.

Even among our peers, if one says something wrong, it can break the relationship. If one makes a wrong statement, both the speaker and the listener suffer. For example, this is true even between couples. A single word can lead to a bad feeling and cause a split.

So what should we do when we fall into such a painful situation? First, we must trace back the source of the words, dig it up, and clarify what is wrong, whether it is your fault or mine. If you are friends, you must discern whether it was your mistake or mine to resolve the issue; simply covering it up and saying, "Let's just move on," will not work.

The more such content remains, the more it can lead to enmity and remain forever. Even when nations go to war, after the war ends, they must determine who is right and wrong and settle compensations or whatever is necessary to move on.

From this perspective, if there are unpleasant or wrongful events between God and humans or among humans, to resolve those issues... Even if it is claimed that it has been resolved, it is not truly resolved if it is just covered up.

Humanity's ancestors fell and became separated from God, and all the motivations for humanity's misery lie there, so we cannot simply say, "Let’s unite," without addressing that.

From this viewpoint, if humanity wants to return to God and settle all past mistakes, we must uncover the root of those issues, clarify how they arose, and determine whether it was God's fault, Adam's fault, Eve's fault, or the archangel's fault, and someone must take responsibility and say, "I was wrong." Only then can a movement to settle these issues arise. Without discovering such motivations, it is a valid conclusion that we cannot heal all historical ailments.

From this standpoint, humanity has fundamentally committed sins, and when people on earth say to God, "I have sinned, please forgive me," it does not work. We must dig into the fundamentals and say, "The past was like this, and the present is like this, so we have wronged in the past, and we are wronging in the present, so please forgive us." This is the correct way to approach forgiveness.

From this perspective, as we return to God today... we have historically committed wrongs. We have also committed wrongs in this era. Therefore, we must uncover the fundamentals of this fact, list them out, and at times say, "This happened because of this, and this is the current situation, so please forgive us." When asking for forgiveness, we must present alternatives. "I will do this and that, so please forgive me!" That is the proper method of seeking forgiveness. Just as one must provide compensation for wrongdoing, we must present alternatives. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Then, how did our human ancestors act in the past? They acted wrongly on a personal level. Then they acted wrongly on a family level. After the family, there are national and global levels. The logic of wrongdoing extends from the personal to the family, to the nation, and to the world.

In the human world, if someone were to represent all individuals, families, tribes, nations, and the world before God, saying, "I have sinned in this way and that way, and I will settle all of this," how would God think? Would God say no, or would He have hope? "He would have hope." Why? Because God Himself seeks to find humanity again and fulfill the original ideal of creation. God cannot create people again, in principle. Because God’s plan must not fail, He is interested in saving humanity and can say, "Okay."

If you were to stand in such a position, what would happen? How do you feel? Are you thinking of standing in such a position? Do you think you are standing in such a position? Although many people are gathered here, there is not a single person who says, "I will take that responsibility."

Do you stand in a position where you can say, "I have no responsibility, I have no responsibility"? "I represent my family. I stand for my tribe, my nation, and the world." Can you say that? Is that true?

So what must be done? You must have the mindset that says, "I will be grateful even if all the indemnities of sin are placed upon me." Without that mindset, it is concluded that you cannot stand in that position. Even if you have to carry the cross, you must say, "I will bear it as it should be." Is that right? "Yes."

So, if you must not sleep, carrying that burden for 24 hours, what will you do? You cannot doze off. If you are blinking with your eyes open, it does not count as dozing off. However, if you close your eyes and doze off, that will be caught. (Laughter) If you keep your eyes open, it can be considered that you have not dozed off conditionally, but if you close your eyes, it does not count.

Why do I say this? Because that girl who was dozing off would feel embarrassed and would do this when she sees me... It is indeed true. It is embarrassing. (Laughter) Why? If she had her eyes open, she could say it is not embarrassing, but because she closed her eyes, it is embarrassing. It is the same principle. Therefore, we must settle and move on.

You see, there can be no forgiveness for those who say, "I have no responsibility, I have no responsibility." There is no way to approach God. Do you want to take responsibility for individuals or families? You must take responsibility in at least one area, at least one. What is it? "I will take global responsibility." There are many desires, but how can an individual take global responsibility? It is serious. When you truly say you will take that responsibility, it becomes a serious matter. It is a serious issue.

Abel is the one who can take responsibility for history and represent the world.

From this standpoint, the issue of "the responsibility of Cain and Abel" has emerged as the title of today’s message. We Unification Church members say, "If you came first, you are Abel. You are Abel!" (Laughter) But what kind of person is Abel? Now you must understand that. Not all Abels are the same. There are many types of Abel. There are personal Abels, family Abels, tribal Abels, national Abels, and global Abels. There are many types of Abel.

So, are you Abel? "Yes." Really? (Laughter) You are not confident, are you? Is heaven for Cain or for Abel? "Both go." (Laughter) That is indeed correct. (Laughter) So who guides to heaven? Who does the guiding? "Abel." That is correct. (Laughter)

So have you truly become Abel? What kind of being is Abel? Abel is the being who bears the global responsibility. To be a global personal Abel, one must stand in the position representing all people in the world. Only then can one be determined as a personal Abel between God and humanity. However, one cannot clear the world for oneself and say, "I am Abel in my house." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." And all people must recognize, "He is the global representative we have appointed."

Now, young people in their twenties, if you come here and say, "I am the Abel who bears global responsibility," can you become Abel? You cannot. If you understand what that means, you cannot take responsibility.

Do you know how long history has been? It has extended over hundreds of thousands of years. What, 6,000 years? That is speaking in terms of cultural history, but if we focus on the Bible... The long historical era, centered around Abel's history, has been extended, and one cannot simply say, "Today I become Abel," without taking any responsibility.

Who decides who Abel is? "God the Father." Yes, that is correct. First, it is God the Father. Then who is next? Who decides after that? It is the people. But the people here do not even know how many years it has been and know nothing. Those who do not know cannot do it. Only those who know can do it. So who knows? There is no one in this world who knows all of God's inner workings. The good ancestors who have gone to the spirit world know. Do you understand?

When you become a spirit in the spirit world, do you know whether you are a good spirit or not? You will know when you go to the spirit world. That is why the good spirits of the spirit world, those who have come and gone until now, will say, "He stands representing us, so he is qualified."
119
It must be done. After that, the angelic world must recognize it. Then what? Can it be done with that? No, it cannot. So what should be done? Satan must recognize it. Satan must testify and acknowledge it. Do you understand what that means?
Now, in the selection of Abel... who is the first in selecting Abel? "God the Father." And then? "Good spirits." And? "Angels." Next? "Satan." (Laughter) You’ve never heard that before, have you?
Why is that? When Satan says, "He is not qualified to be Abel!" it cannot be. Satan knows all the conditions that Abel must meet. When Satan says, "This is how it must be. But those conditions are not met," can God do anything? "No, He cannot." Can a judge say, "Hey, you! I am doing this, so what are you talking about?" when the prosecutor says, "Ah, that person has these crimes"? "No, he cannot." It’s the same. God is the judge, and Satan is the prosecutor who sets the conditions. It’s the same. Then who takes on the responsibility like a lawyer? That would be the good ancestors and archangels, the good ancestors who have returned like us and the archangels.
But can you decide this, you? "Oh, God! I have decided to be Abel, so recognize me. Ancestors! Angels! Satan! I have decided to be Abel. Recognize me." Can that be done? Can you do that? "No." You can be on Abel's side. You can stand on Abel's side, but you must know that you cannot be Abel. You are on Abel's side. You must understand that. Do you know what that means? "Yes."
For Abel to be selected, he must first receive God's calling. When God says, "Hey, so-and-so, you must take on this responsibility," he must respond with "Yes." Would the good ancestors standing on God's side be pleased or displeased? Would they oppose? "They would be pleased." If God does not call in that way, then it becomes a problem.
120
The Responsibility of Cain and Abel
Therefore, when God calls, it automatically means that one becomes aligned with God. At that time, when one says, "Yes, I will do it," it does not mean it happens immediately. You must understand that the conditions for indemnity mentioned earlier must be fulfilled. There are conditions for indemnity, conditions for indemnity. Why must these conditions for indemnity be established? Wouldn’t it be great if there were none? But if these are not established, Satan will not sit still. Satan will say, "God, it cannot be." Do you understand? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."
No matter how much you love your child, if that child has done wrong in the neighborhood, the neighbors must do as they say for the son to be forgiven; it cannot be that the neighbors are wrong and only set conditions. The father cannot do that either. It’s the same principle. Do you understand? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Satan accuses. To escape from the conditions of Satan's accusation, indemnity must be made. So how can Satan stop accusing? One must be like God to not be accused. God cannot accuse. One must be like God to not be accused. Therefore, those who act according to God's command can establish conditions for indemnity.
The person who will be Abel must be recognized as better than Cain through suffering.
So are you in a position to establish conditions for indemnity, or do you only know the term but cannot establish them? What is it? "I am in the process of establishing them." (Laughter) You are in the process, but when will it end? (Laughter) The one who has completed that goes to heaven; is it the one who is on the path that goes to heaven? "The one who has completed it..." You know well. You know well. Everyone, this is a serious issue. What position are you in? Whether you are trying to establish conditions for indemnity or are in the process of establishing them is a serious issue.
And who is Cain aligned with? He is aligned with Satan. Abel is aligned with heaven. Isn’t that right? "Yes." Then the one who acts according to God's word establishes conditions for indemnity, but if God says, "Hey, so-and-so, because you are doing as I say, now become the president of that country," wouldn’t that be great? Then would Satan say, "God, you are doing well"? Would he just sit quietly? "No." He would say, "It cannot be." Then would God say, "Hey, you, Satan! Get lost"? Can He do that? Can He? "No." Is that absolutely no? "Yes." (Laughter) That is correct.
"There must be conditions to become president." It is said. "The president established by God must be superior to the president of my side." That is the condition. He must be better than the president on Satan's side. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." Only then can he be chosen as president before God. "Until now, all those who have become presidents or kings on my side must be able to serve the people and the nation better than anyone else." That is correct, isn’t it? "Yes." If he is a son of God, he must be better than the president on Satan's side, because God established him.
Then what will God do? Will He say, "Your words are correct"? Or will He say, "Hey, you, that’s wrong"? When Satan says that he must be better than the president on my side, will God say, "Your words are right"? Or will He say, "That’s different"? He must say it is right. "Your words are correct." That must be said.
Then God will say, "Your words are correct, but let’s test whether the person I am trying to establish can meet your words." Then Satan will attack. That is why opposition arises, opposition. To the point of death, to the point of dying... even if one dies, they can die for heaven... that is a loyal subject. Even loyal subjects on Satan's side died for Satan, but to die for heaven, one must be able to swear and die without any objection; otherwise, they are judged to be unqualified.
Then how long will the testing period be extended? About a month? About a year? How long will the period be extended? The limit is up to 40 years. Because you have learned the principle... it is extended to 40 years, up to 40 years. If one fails on that day, it does not exist. That is why they stumble. When Satan says, "God, no matter what, he is not qualified," will God say, "Oh, really"? Or will He say, "Hey, you, what are you talking about?" Will God say yes or no? Do you understand what I mean? Will He say yes? "Yes." That is correct, correct. Therefore, in one word, it is concluded that the person who will be Abel must suffer to the point of death.
To eliminate the conditions of Satan's accusation, God has done abnormal things.
Before Abel died... we are talking about the responsibility of Abel, the Abel we call the representative of heaven. Can Abel fulfill that responsibility while he is alive, or can he take on that responsibility after he is dead? What is it? Be certain, be certain. (Laughter)
While Abel is alive, it must be known that he has not completed his mission. If Abel had taken responsibility without dying, then Cain would have been saved, and Adam would have been saved as well. But were they saved? "No." They are following the path of Abel. Because that path still remains, until now... What happened because Abel died is that God could recognize him as a personal responsible figure establishing the tradition of Abel. Because he died for God, on the side of heaven. The problem lies there. Because of this Abel, he can go before God after dying... because Abel's history is extended as if it were his own work, the logic that he can cooperate after the Second Coming is established. Do you understand what I mean?
There must be such an individual, and then there must be such a family. Whose family is that? It is Noah's family. Grandfather Noah took on the family responsibility. Look at Noah. To build the ark, he should have built it by the riverside, but God told him to build it on the top of Mount Ararat. That was crazy. It was the exact opposite, the exact opposite. God must have lost His mind.
Why did that happen? Why did that happen? To eliminate the conditions of Satan's accusation. Instead of building the ark by the river, He told him to build it on the mountaintop! Even Satan cannot give such a command. That is a game that does not exist in history. If you think about it, Noah must have lost his mind. God must have lost His mind too. Satan can think of all sorts of things. That is why for not just one year, but for 120 years, He made him do something that no one could do.
From this, you should consider whether God has made you do normal things or abnormal things. We must understand this. "Abnormal things..." Why must we do abnormal things? Because Satan sets up accusations, and we must overcome that. How far does Satan accuse? He says, "He might do that until he dies." He accuses, saying, "Right now it is like this, but he might do that for more than a hundred years until he dies." Because He knew this, God told Noah to build the ark for 120 years. At that time, Satan thought, "Why would it take 120 years? He will stop before then." That is the only way it can be.
At that time, parents opposed, spouses opposed, the neighborhood opposed, all sorts of... they must have called him crazy, even the children must have pitied him, and even the neighborhood dogs must have all criticized him. Did he receive opposition like that or not? "He must have received opposition." The one who does not oppose is the crazy one.
Does God do such things because He is foolish, or does He do it because He is wise? Why must God do that? Why? Why does He do that? Because there are conditions for indemnity, God cannot avoid the game of opposition. Do you understand?
Without understanding this issue, any religion that has followed God until now has sacrificed and has not solved the historical problem of going down the path of death. Do you understand? Do you understand? "Yes." Who makes such a game happen? "Because of Satan." Because of Satan, it is because of Satan. If there had been no fall, such a game could not have happened. It is because of Satan that it happens.
124
The Responsibility of Cain and Abel
Now, we must conclude here that God is not a normal God. Why? Because it must be that way because of Satan. Even in the time of Abel, He did not protect him while he was being killed on his side, and even in the time of Noah, He did not say, "Hey, Noah, you are doing well," during those 120 years. He left him completely alone.
Look. Also, to Abraham, He said, "Hey, Abraham, offer Isaac as a sacrifice." Is this normal or abnormal? "Abnormal." This is all abnormal. Oh, when God blessed the hundred-year-old Abraham with a son and said, "Your descendants will be as numerous as the stars in the sky and the grains of sand on the seashore," when was that, and then to tell him to kill him? Is that normal or abnormal? "Abnormal."
The person on God's side must do the exact opposite to establish indemnity.
Now look at Moses. Moses killed an Egyptian, but why did God choose such a Moses? You must understand what justice is and what evil is here. The Israelite nation entered Egypt without any sin and suffered and was massacred. When looking at this, one should have been on the Egyptian side, receiving treatment like a prince, but instead, he stood on the side of the Israelites, on the side where God has compassion.
For 400 years, the Israelite nation endured all the indemnity in Egypt. Even while dying, they did not forsake God and endured suffering as a nation, completing the indemnity so that the Israelite nation could leave Egypt. However, there was a need for a leader who could guide the Israelite nation and lead them out. But there needed to be a courageous and valiant person who could fight against the Egyptian nation, and there was no such person among the Israelites. In that situation, Moses, seeing the Israelites being harmed and killed, sided with the Israelites and struck the Egyptian to death. That is justice. That is what justice means. It is being dignified.
125
Thus, centered on Moses, God... From that time, Moses entered the wilderness and lived as a shepherd. He fell from a life in the palace to a life in the wilderness. For 40 years, he faced all sorts of opposition from foreign people, living a wandering life, holding onto the thought of his nation, believing that he was right, and dedicating himself more than anyone else for the liberation of his nation before heaven.
Now, he fell from a life in the palace for 40 years to a life in the wilderness for 40 years. (Pointing to what he wrote) It is the exact opposite, the exact opposite. He was thrown into the extreme opposite. That is the 40 years of palace life and the 40 years of wilderness life. Isn’t that right?
As mentioned earlier, during these 40 years of life, he never forgot God even in his dreams, nor did he forget the Israelite nation even in his dreams. He resolved to dedicate his life for this. In that sense, Moses spent 40 years. "Then you become the true leader guiding the Israelite nation. Go to the palace and bring the Israelites out." He received that command. He must walk the path of opposition, the path of opposition. Thus, he goes to the palace, fights, wins, and leads them out. (Pointing to what he wrote) Therefore, Moses is the same.
Then there is John the Baptist. John the Baptist spent 30 years in the wilderness, eating locusts and wild honey. Is that a normal life? It is the opposite. It is a life of opposition.
The same goes for Jesus. Even when looking at Jesus, He stood in the exact opposite position against the Judaism and society of that time. So, I think it would have been better if Jesus had lived until 40 instead of dying at 33. If you subtract 33 from 40, there are 7 years left, right? Because of those 7 years, there is the 7-year great tribulation at the end. The 7-year great tribulation comes from this. (Pointing while speaking) It is all opposition.
Also, the Judaism that God loved, the Israelite nation, became a target of ridicule in the world. Then Christianity also suffered for 400 years after entering Rome. How miserable was that? How much blood was shed during those 400 years? The Rome that killed Christians finally surrendered to Christianity, leading to the emergence of the Christian world.
When looking at this, if God were alive, during the Crusades, He would have sent about 7,000 people for the expedition, and they would have all perished, and all... If something wrong happens, indemnity must be made.
In order to feel, one must engage in the opposite play, so you need to understand that God has become an incomprehensible and unbelievable God in human history. Do you understand what that means? Right? That's true, isn't it? "Yes." 

That is why history has developed to a global scale. Now, history has progressed globally, but the history of indemnity has only been personal indemnity, familial indemnity... The history of indemnity has not yet been fully settled. Only the form has been established. 

Until now, the history of restoration providence has been a history of failure, hasn't it? "It has been a history of failure." The question is when this will be settled. Therefore, God, who has to take responsibility for this, has the thought of the Messiah... (while writing) sending the Messiah... 

The Messiah was supposed to come and achieve victory on a national level centered around Judaism and the nation of Israel, overcoming personal failures, familial failures, tribal failures, ethnic failures, and national failures to rise globally. However, because Jesus, who came for that purpose, failed and died, the thought of the Second Coming remains. 

Jesus was born in the Jewish nation, but at that time, it was supposed to be a global era, a global era. Why? Because he came with a global mission. Therefore, even though he was persecuted as a vassal of Rome, he had to push through. If the Jewish nation had only been a foundation at that time, they would have pushed through and achieved victory. However, because of failure, they had to wait until a physical foundation was prepared centered around the spiritual standard of Rome, and the Lord of the Second Coming comes in the age of global Christianity. This is something you should know. 

The Lord of the Second Coming will come within the Christian world. Christianity has trained everyone to believe in the Second Coming, saying, "The Lord is coming, coming." The Lord is coming, coming, coming... If it had been taught in our Unification Church style that the Lord comes not on clouds but as a person, how grateful would that God be? But they said he would come on clouds, on clouds. However, in the Unification Church, it is said, "He comes as a person. God sends him as a person." So can you believe that? You cannot believe it. It is the opposite. It is the complete opposite. They say everyone will be lifted up to heaven, but they deny it, saying, "That is not the case." They deny everything. It is a ridiculous issue. You cannot believe that. Therefore, it is natural to face opposition. 

Who is opposing? It is the people who have been on God's side until now who are opposing. Those who have been on God's side are opposing. Then they all become Satan's side. If everyone accepts it... 

Before that, specific people will appear and testify. Those prophets are all abnormal people. Those who seek the will and walk the path of Abel are abnormal prophets. Those abnormal prophets will all appear. (laughter) Whether you look at the Old Testament or the New Testament, all the prophets are abnormal people. Is that right, or not? That is why they are pointed at, opposed, and persecuted. 

To take on the global Abel's responsibility, the Unification Church has come out centered on one denomination... This is the problem. Having come this far... (while writing) then, if a religion has come out that can take on the global responsibility and provide complete indemnity for God, and if Christianity is the religion prepared for that, Christianity must support that religion. If Christianity does not unite with that religion, that religion will become a religion that faces global persecution. That conclusion comes from here. Do you understand? It must face global persecution. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." 

What kind of organization is that? It is the Unification Church, the Unification Church. The Unification Church must become such an organization. As long as it cannot become a religion that can unite all Christians around the world and rise to the top of the world at once, it cannot avoid becoming a Unification Church that faces opposition from all humanity. 

That will globalize, and the time of opposition will come. The peak of opposition will come. This time is right now, and you know that. Right now, right now. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

It means that everything that has historically failed will be resolved from the individual level. If Christianity does not oppose and does it all at once globally, it will all be finished in seven years, in seven years. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." This has been extended to 21 years, 21 years. 

Then, looking at it centered on the teacher, the teacher started this play at the age of 40. Jesus tried to finish everything at the age of 40, but because he could not, the whole nation is opposing centered on the teacher's age of 40. The whole thing must oppose. The whole thing is opposing. The nation is opposing, the family is opposing, and it must win and overcome in a position where the whole thing is opposing. 

You must understand that the history of the development of the Unification Church comes in proportion to the history of opposition against the Unification Church. After the era of opposition from the whole of Korea ends—though that has not ended yet—then the era of opposition from the whole of Japan, and now the era of opposition from the whole of America, comes through the three countries. So, this is all compressed... When you look up, it is like this. It is developing globally. (while writing) 

So, what is the play that the teacher is doing? It is to restore the history of the individual Abel who has failed, to restore the history of the family Abel, and to establish the history of the tribal, ethnic, national, and global Abel in the position where God and Satan confront each other. Therefore, even if it faces global persecution, you must understand that if you do not boldly step over it, there will be no foundation left for God's will. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." 

That is why no king of the world, no president of the world, can accomplish what must be done. It must be done. Even the Washington conference faced opposition from the world, but it was magnificently accomplished. Even though the world supports it, it has accomplished all the difficult tasks. So, do you think the teacher is a capable man or an incapable man? "He is a capable man." 

How about compared to those who have been presidents of the United States? "He is more capable." Do you think the U.S. presidents could do what I am doing? "They cannot." I can easily do what U.S. presidents have done, but they cannot do what I am doing. (applause) 

I am saying that we should now take down the global communist party. The whole world is afraid, and even the U.S. is retreating in fear of them, but I am saying I will take down all the communists by myself. I will hold a conference in Moscow. Have you ever seen someone say that? "No, I haven't." (applause) 

The communists may scoff and say, "What, Reverend Moon?" but just wait, you bastards! (applause) 

We have no military power. We have nothing. With bare hands, we... Look now. Even the president of the Republic of Korea is afraid of me. "Oh, if he engages in political activities, he will lose everything," they say. The U.S. State Department is also afraid I might engage in political activities, and the communists are afraid of me. Is that right, or not? Do you know that? Am I such a scary person? (laughter) Is this fist scary, this fist? It is not this that is scary, but what Reverend Moon does is scary. What he does is scary. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Do you think I have such power? "Yes." 

Look. There is not a single person who can come to this land of America, where people in Western society oppose, and do such things while facing opposition. There has been no Eastern person... However, I am undoubtedly causing historical events and making historical progress while facing historical opposition. 

And to unite the world... "I will unite the world with bare hands." Do you believe that? "Yes." Do you believe it? "Yes!" Then you are crazy. (laughter) That is why you are so abnormal that God needs you. Because you are abnormal, it concludes that you are a group worthy of inheriting the Abel-like responsibility based on this logic. (pointing to what was written. The recording briefly cuts out) 

So, what is being done? It means connecting this from the individual level. It has expanded to the family, tribe, nation, and world. 

So, when you look at America and Korea now, it resembles the model of Rome and the nation of Israel, with America helping Korea. Is that right? It is set up that way, isn't it? America has a lot of material, so it helps Korea, and Reverend Moon, who came from Korea, fills the spiritual void of the American people who have all fallen in a spiritual sense. It goes around, it goes around. 

So, when Koreans come to America, they like it materially and externally, and now that Korea is spiritually reviving, even someone like Billy Graham likes Korea. So, they see that "Christianity has hope in Korea." Reverend Moon comes there and shares with the youth centered on Christianity among Christians. It is opposition, opposition. 

Now, where is the final destination of the fight between the democratic world and the communist world? It is Korea. There is nothing left but Korea. The place where communism and democracy are divided in the world is only Korea. Germany has already exchanged everything. 

Now, we must attack, having been opposed. 

Looking at this, the world is nearing its end. So now, the global communist parties will attack Korea. The global opposition against the Unification Church has crossed a level, so the physical Korea is being attacked. This is the principle. Now, the New York Times, the Washington Post, and the whole world are launching a full offensive to take down the Park regime. Do you understand what I mean? It is happening now. Do you know that? "Yes." 

President Park has not killed many people. Kim Il-sung killed 3 million people. Mao Zedong killed 150 million people. Stalin killed 80 million people. Such dictators do not face opposition... What did President Park kill? He didn't kill anyone. He only killed a few people. He killed one person, maybe. There is no mention of those who killed many, and there is no mention of dictatorship being the king. Oh, they say President Park, who did not even kill a person, is a dictator in the democratic world... Ah, to defend the current communists, democracy does not work. Democracy does not work. Can democracy work? You cannot just change presidents every four years. It cannot be done. If President Park steps down, the North Korean communists will think they can take over without a fight, so the global communists are now attacking President Park of Korea, the Park regime. 

These days, they call me a frontman for the KCIA (Korean Central Intelligence Agency)? You bastards! You bastards, what do you mean I'm a frontman for the KCIA? I can be a frontman for God, but I cannot be a frontman for the KCIA, even from a principled perspective. (applause) 

From now on, we must take the offensive. It is time to take the offensive. Because I have designated October 4th as Cheon Seung Il, we must take the offensive. Therefore, we will take the offensive against the Washington Post and the New York Times. So we are creating a newspaper. We are going to engage in a confrontation of capabilities. Should we create it or not? "We should create it!" Also, I am creating a university, a university. Then I will create a famous artistic organization. I will create an entertainment organization. And I will start a global trend through the Unification Church. Until now, journalists have ruined the world, decadent artists have ruined the world, and students in universities have ruined the world, so I must intervene. 

So you must understand that we are moving from this abnormal era to a normal era. That is why until now, we have only suffered, but from now on, we will not suffer. I will make you live well, live well. (applause) Therefore, by the 1980s... 

Ultimately, how miserable is the history of trying to indemnify 2,000 years of history centered on Christianity in 21 years? In 21 years... What if this is extended to 210 years? Will I achieve this in my lifetime? Therefore, I had no choice but to compress this into 21 years, and centered on the teacher's life, I had to lay the global foundation through Korea, Japan, and America, fulfilling the heavenly mission. So, I came here and the Washington conference has ended, the Washington conference. Through Madison Square Garden and Yankee Stadium... 

What does that mean? It is like Jesus going to Rome and saying "bang!" but the Roman citizens are just sitting still. It is the same, the same. However, the youth of America are all following Reverend Moon. Many are following. Just wait and see now. Many people are gathering. Many young people are gathering. (applause) 

Let us conclude now. I promised yesterday. I promised my mother that I would finish in less than two hours, but time keeps passing, so I must conclude now. (laughter) 

Today's sermon title is "The Responsibility of Cain and Abel," right? It is not just Abel's responsibility. It is the responsibility of both Cain and Abel. Teacher, have you become Abel before you? Have you personally become Abel or not? "You have." How about in a familial position? "You have become Abel." If that had not happened, the teacher could not bless you. You must understand that. 

And you all, how much sin is there among blacks, whites, and yellows? They all build walls and harbor grudges that cannot be forgiven, but if God and I forgive, then it can be forgiven. In the name of God, in the name of God. Why? Because I have a condition of victory that transcends all nations and faces opposition globally. You must understand that. Do you understand what I mean? 

Because people around the world oppose, the time has come to break down the global walls. So, we are sending missionaries around the world. Through three countries... So, the whole world has become unified through opposition. It has all become a world of debate over whether Reverend Moon is good or bad. 

Now, if in America they say, "Reverend Moon is good," what will happen? If the newspapers that have opposed us until now, the Washington Post and the New York Times, say, "We were wrong," what will happen? The world will turn upside down. When they lose in court, what condition will we have? "The Washington Post must publish as many supportive articles for the Unification Church as they have published opposing articles." That is what I am saying. (applause) 

If that happens, the world's attention will all focus here, "Reverend Moon..." It will be a big issue. What do you think? "It will happen." So, we are now taking the offensive. It is time to take the offensive now. (applause) 

Now, we have fulfilled all the conditions for indemnity. Since we have fulfilled them, if Cain does not submit, we will attack. That is it. Do you understand? "Yes."
Is there nothing to scratch about the Unification Church and Teacher Moon even at the State Department right now? They keep investigating and such, but I have not caused any harm since coming to America. I have contributed to America by paying money. It cannot be said to be bad. Have I done bad things to you, or good things? "You have done good things." I have done bad things, right? Telling you to come early in the morning, isn’t that a bad thing? Gathering at six in the morning or five in the morning, is that a good thing? It’s a bad thing. (Laughter) Is that a good thing? Isn’t it a bad thing? "No." Ah, making people who like to play sell flowers and gum to make money, that’s a bad thing. Making them work is a bad thing. Making people who like to play work. "No." Also, telling people who only think of themselves to think of America, think of the world, think of God, is bad, right? It’s bad. "No." That’s a very bad thing, right? "No, it’s a great thing." 

Also, making people who used to sit in chairs for 10, 20, 30 minutes, at most 30 or 40 minutes for worship, sit squatting for two or three hours, isn’t that wrong? "No." Other churches have worship for 30 or 40 minutes, but here they sit for three or four hours… Do you understand that? Isn’t that bad? How many bad things do I do? "No!" 

Look. Ah, white people want to marry only white people, but when you ask them, "Who do you want to marry?" they say, "A Korean." Mixing with Asians, how bad is that? How bad? "No." That’s why they say I’m crazy, I’m crazy. "Yes." (Laughter) But Americans like it. However, God likes everything I do. He says, "Wow!" and likes everything. (Applause) 

Right now I am facing opposition, but I am not someone who holds a grudge against the opposition. Rather, I feel a responsibility to save them. I feel a responsibility to save Cain. You must know that this is Abel’s path. That’s why Cain and Abel must become one to serve their parents and enter heaven. You must clearly understand that. Only when the history of Cain and Abel ends will heaven be established. The attack on the Washington Post or the New York Times is ultimately about taking the path to save the world quickly. But that doesn’t mean I want to burn the Washington Post. I am doing such things to save everyone quickly. If it seems like it will take longer, I won’t do it. It’s an attack to save quickly. Do you understand? It’s for the sake of saving quickly. You must understand that. When I say to attack, you shouldn’t just attack indiscriminately. 

Strive to create a world without Cain
Now, understand this… You have understood what the responsibility of Cain and Abel is. It is amazing that such a history, a failed history, has laid the foundation for the Teacher’s life. Therefore, if you hold onto the Teacher’s back on that foundation you have laid, and just follow without letting go, it will not be bad. 

In the future, once Reverend Moon is rumored to be a "good person," no matter how much they try to oppose him, there will be no conditions to oppose him in the end. Even if they oppose him, they will all attack that person who is opposing. 

You must know that the time for that is not far off. You must know that the time for that is not far off, and you must have the condition that you will take responsibility for anything personal or familial and go forward with your life. That is your responsibility. 

Now is the time of change. Until now, Abel has been at the forefront, but now the time has come for Cain to take the lead. So, our Unification Church members should take the lead ahead of the Teacher. Can you do that? Can you do that? "Yes." You must take the lead. 

Now that October has passed, from November onwards, you must go ahead of the Teacher. Only then will the world without Cain, the world without Cain, be established. You must create it that way. Then I can inherit everything I have built without any complaints. I will inherit it without any conditions. Without complaints, without conditions… Do you understand? Without conditions for indemnity. And then? Without Satan’s accusations. You must understand that a remarkable era is unfolding. 

If you have a heart to take responsibility for a part, whether personal or familial, or for the world, and if you go with that heart for the Teacher, you will enter an amazing era where you can inherit everything. I have spoken this while earnestly hoping that you will become such people. 

From now on, everything you work for will remain. It will remain as yours. Until now, it has been consumed through indemnity, but the time has come when that consumption will cease, so from now on… Until now, the Teacher has taken responsibility for all consumption, but now that time has passed, you must clearly understand that I want to elevate you. That is God’s love. That is the love of parents. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Therefore, now you must make an effort. It depends on your efforts. Will you go, or not? Will you all go together, or not? "We will go." 

The path of a true person
What kind of person are you? Are you a true person, or not a true person, or a bad person? What kind of person are you? It would be nice if everyone were a true person, but you know that is not the case. Because there are no true people, and there are many wrong people in this society, it leads to the conclusion that there is no true nation and no true world. 

What do you think? What kind of education do you think is necessary in front of a true person? If someone is a true person, there is no need for such words as "go this way, go that way." There is no need for a teacher. 

When you say "person," you divide it into male and female. It concludes that there are men and women. Here is a woman, and here is a man. (Pointing to the audience) Are these men and women the same or different? "They are different." How different are they? (Laughter) Fundamentally, they are different. Women think narrowly. They think closely. (Laughter) That is the truth. (Laughter) 

Women! Is that right? (Laughter) Eastern women are generally like that, but I don’t know about Western women. However, judging by their appearance, they are undoubtedly women, so I see that Western women also follow the path of women. Women without beards are all the same. There is no doubt about it. Women see things narrowly. They want it to be good right now, good today. They dislike things that are good tomorrow. They say, "It has to be good now; I don’t want it to be good later." (Laughter) 

Therefore, if you make women feel good right now, they will be drawn in. That is the general nature of women in the world! 

Then how about our Unification Church women? The women of the world start from here. They center around themselves. They focus on this. (Indicating with a pointer) So they narrow down. They tend to think about what is close. (Indicating while speaking) But how about our Unification Church women? "They are the same." (A man answers) (Laughter) This point is not close; it goes up and becomes a straight line like this. (Indicating while speaking) 

Now, worldly women have no concept of heaven or anything else. Where is heaven? They say there is no God. They have themselves, and maybe they have a husband, but they have nothing else. However, we have heaven, so in heaven, both they and their husbands can enter, and nations can enter, and everything can enter, which is why heaven… This becomes a straight line. The narrower it gets, the narrower heaven becomes. This cannot be. If this happens, heaven will disappear. (Indicating what was drawn) 

Do Unification Church women think about what is in front of them, or do they think about the future? "They think about the future." That is how it should be. That is how it should be. How about men? Men are the same. From that perspective, even when worldly people eat, they eat for themselves, and when they work, they work for themselves, and when they live, they live for themselves; everything is self-centered. But our Unification Church members are centered on heaven, right? That is right, isn’t it? "Yes." 

If that is the case, how big is that? When one woman is like this, if countless women, all American women, are like this, how wide would that be? Then, even if Buddhas fight, they are not fighting out of bad feelings. Fighting out of bad feelings must be corrected before God. Even if a wife ruins the future and a husband ruins the future, when they fight, that fight can be recognized by God as a good fight. This logic is established. Do you think so? "Yes." 

Everyone likes what is good and true
Now, let’s see if that is true or not. A man is big, very handsome, and a graduate with a doctorate, so everywhere he goes, he is envied in society. However, a woman may not have even graduated from elementary school. But this man wants to live for himself, having parties for today, while the woman is different. She looks at her husband and says he shouldn’t be like that, asking if a person can be like that, saying, "You have parents around you, relatives, a nation, and the whole world, and you can’t be like that. What good is being a doctorate?" When a woman is nagging like this, which side is the good side? Which side is the good side? We must understand that. Which side is closer to a true person? "The woman." The man is quiet and composed, but he is individualistic, while the woman just nags every day. Going around nagging is a woman’s nature, while the man is composed. In this case, which side is the good person? Which side is closer to a true person? So, men, answer me, men. "The wife." The wife? "Yes." (Laughter) Why is that? Even if that woman nags, in terms of circles, there is a big circle, but even if the man is composed, there is none. There is no one to enter there, and there is nothing to enter. 

Can you sleep comfortably for a night in that man’s room? Would you like to go sleep in that nagging woman’s room for a night, or in that man’s room? Where would you choose to sleep, if you were to sleep? In the man’s room or the woman’s room? "In the woman’s room." Men answered that they would sleep in the woman’s room… (Laughter) That is true. Why? Because there is no place to enter in the man’s room. Even a little bit of broth is more likely to come from a woman. (Laughter) If you go to a woman and say you will leave in the morning, she will surely say, "Eat before you go." But the man will say in the morning, "Let me go. Why did you keep me here?" (Laughter) Is that right? "Yes." 

Then what is true and what is false? The opposite of what is true is false. What is not true is false. Then what is not true? We must conclude. What is true? It is the power that makes us one. A person who makes us one, the power that makes us one, is true. Anything that opposes unity, any person that opposes unity, all of that is evil. It connects with evil. Opposing what is trying to unite is evil. Do you understand what I mean? Think about it quietly. Is that right? "Yes." 

When we say "true person," everyone tries to go to that person’s side, but when we say "bad person," everyone tries to run away from that person. Based on such formulas, such principles… What is God? What is true about God? What is true? Everything is resolved here. Why is God true? Because He tries to embrace the entire universe in His bosom… He says He will save even evil people and good people, even Satan. That is why it is true. Therefore, what is true? It is to make everything good without leaving anything behind. It is true to want to make everything good. 

Then what about Satan? It is the opposite. There are many people, but I do not live for humanity; you must live for me. It is the exact opposite. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Goodness is always good, whether it is night or day, whether it is in America or Korea, whether it is in Africa or anywhere else. That is the power it has. What is evil? It is unwelcome anywhere. Is that definition correct? "Yes." We define that this definition is undeniable. It is an undeniable definition. 

What about the Unification Church? What kind of person is Reverend Moon of the Unification Church? When we ask what the Unification Church is like, we immediately ask what Reverend Moon is like. Is Reverend Moon real or fake? "He is real." You kids say he is real because you are part of the Unification Church. People outside call the Unification Church "Moonies," "Moonists," and oppose it so much. But is it still true? They call you Moonies, right? (Laughter) 

Do you like to hear that word, or not? "Not at all." Why not? Those people are not true, but if we are true, then what is wrong with the name Moonie, which is just adding "ie" to the name Moon? There is nothing wrong with it. If you respect the Teacher and say he is good, then it is very close to the name Moon, so what is wrong with that? It is good. There is nothing wrong with it. 

Those people immediately know which side is good when such formulas are established. The opposing parents quietly see that their children love Reverend Moon more than they love their parents, so that cannot be. When they center around themselves, that is evil. The fact that their children love Reverend Moon more than their mother is because Reverend Moon loves the world, loves heaven and earth, and loves America. Therefore, the conclusion that opposing parents are evil parents comes out immediately. 

That is not because the Unification Church is good. From a principled perspective, opposing parents are not acceptable. Such parents are not acceptable. Such a nation is not acceptable either. It cannot be like that. No matter how strong such families, nations, and worlds are, they must perish; this conclusion arises. Is that right? Do you think so? "Yes." 

What is true and good is for the greater good and for the whole
We must organize all of this. What is true? Are Unification Church members true people? They gather early in the morning. Why do they gather in the morning? Wouldn’t it be nice to gather at lunchtime? Reverend Moon thinks like this. Why do we do this? It is because we must put in more sincerity than anyone else, sincerity. For whom? For the whole. The whole must also be like that.
Even if you put effort into something, you must put in more sincerity than others, and when it comes to offering something before God, you must be the first to offer it. Does that make you comfortable? It’s actually difficult for yourself.

Do you think I like waking up early like this? I don’t like it. Do you think I enjoy this? Do you think I like it? “Yes.” It’s the same for all of you. (Laughter) It’s all the same. “Ah, if only I could sleep a little longer…” That’s how it is. Sometimes, even washing my face or just putting on clothes can feel busier than war or running away. (Demonstrating) It’s the same.

However, I won’t let a single second pass after five o'clock. If I let even a second pass, I feel, “Ah, it’s my responsibility,” and I suffer from the pangs of conscience because I couldn’t fulfill my duty. Therefore, if the members of our Unification Church wake up before me, they should say, “They are all my teachers. Please forgive me,” and they should ask for forgiveness from the members of the Unification Church even more than from God. Then, united, they should go before God and say, “Please forgive us both.” That’s how it should be. That’s the principle.

When my children wake up before me to pray, I feel sorry for them. They need to be humble. Why? Because they couldn’t keep the law. The law strikes me. This kid did wrong… However, if I wake up just one second before five, I feel dignified. That one second… Right? There’s no one to impose restrictions on that. Anywhere, they will be welcomed and served. That’s how it works. If you don’t keep time, everyone will accuse you. However, if you just keep time, all accusations disappear.

Why is that good? The principle exists for the whole. The law exists for the whole. Therefore, you cannot find freedom without disregarding what exists for the whole. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” It’s the same.

The Unification Church is facing opposition. Right now, in American society, the American people are opposing Reverend Moon. Reverend Moon may be doing things that are not allowed by the laws of American society or in American families. Such things can happen. However, what should be established? Should we establish laws that serve ourselves and only white people, or should we establish laws that serve humanity and God? From this perspective, even if we disregard the laws that serve ourselves and only white people, establishing laws that serve humanity and God is concluded to be good. What is it? “The greater good.” It’s for the greater good and for the whole. Now you understand that what serves the whole is good. Do you understand now? “Yes.”

The good prosper while the evil perish; that is the principle.

Everyone, this morning, you are all dozing off. Even if you all close your eyes here this morning, if you doze off for the sake of the world, that is a good doze. (Laughter) What if you doze off for yourself? That disregards the whole. Such a person disregards the whole, disregards the teacher, and is an evil person who disregards heaven and earth. How bad is that? It’s the worst. Everyone’s eyes are wide open now. (Laughter) Go ahead and doze off. If it’s good, you should continue. (Laughter) That chubby girl over there is still dozing off. Someone like that will cause a lot of trouble for her husband. (Laughter) Now you understand.

Then why does the good not perish? Why does the evil perish? This logic could be established in the universe, but why does the good not perish while the evil must perish? This is a big question, socially speaking. Why? Because they resemble God. The good resemble God, and the evil resemble Satan. (Writing on the board while speaking) Therefore, the good become one with God, and the evil become one with Satan. Thus, evil must be removed. That’s why beings centered on such goodness are welcomed everywhere, but the opposite is pushed away everywhere. The universe operates in this way.

No matter how much Reverend Moon is an Eastern person, if he stands on this principle, even if American society opposes him now, the more they oppose him, the more people who want to support Reverend Moon will increase. That logic is established. Why do they become my allies? The power of the universe protects all that is good. What is evil? It is pushed away. What conflicts with the protective good is pushed away. It is pushed away as a reaction.

Now, when you act with conscience, how do you feel? Do you feel guilty? You feel good, right? “Yes.” And you grow. So, it feels good enough to say, “Wow!” Your hands widen, your legs widen, your mouth widens; everything widens. If you stand in the opposite position, you become smaller and smaller. Why is that? Because that’s how the phenomena of the universe work. The phenomena of the universe. An evil person cannot grow; they become smaller.

Now, when a bank robber goes to rob, do they go playing a trumpet? Do they go publicly or secretly? Do they go shrinking down, or how do they go? They go where there are no people, or they shrink down. What does that mean? It means they acknowledge that they must disappear from the human world, from the higher world. When I serve the country and the world, I want to play the trumpet and boast. If I’m short, I’ll pull in my head; if my body is small, I’ll stick out my belly and go like this. (Demonstrating while speaking. Laughter) Right? “Yes.” (Recording briefly cuts out)

No matter how fast a pitcher throws the ball, the catcher catches it. They thought they fell, but with a reaction, they spin around… How cool is that? The universe is meant to reveal everything like that.

During our Washington conference, the whole nation was paying attention. Reverend Moon! The State Department is attacking Reverend Moon! Here, they’re like, “Why?” (Laughter) That’s the fight. Did we lose or win there? “We won.” Those who said they wouldn’t let us win were completely defeated. Look. We are quiet, but the friends of those opposing Reverend Moon are all saying, “You opposed Reverend Moon and said the Washington conference was this and that, but you lost. Reverend Moon lost? Didn’t you lose?” They are all attacking in a fight that is happening invisibly. We are quiet, but how much controversy is there?

“Why would the spirit world cooperate with Reverend Moon and like him?” They might say, but no way. They like him. Why? Because he’s on their side. How much does God like him? Would God sit on His throne and quietly say, “Oh, that’s good,” forgetting His throne and everything, dancing around? (Imitating) If God danced because He was intoxicated, would that be bad? Is it good? “It’s good.” That’s right, that’s right. How about you? Now you understand the truth? “Yes.”

Raise your hand if you think Reverend Moon’s definition is wrong. I’ll ask one question. Is there anyone? Not a single one. Your ears are good. You hear everything, and if you didn’t know, why wouldn’t you raise your hand? If someone raised their hand, they’d be crazy, crazy. (Laughter) Now you understand.

The Unification Church is the only organization that God likes and humanity likes.

Time is already up. It’s been an hour. Justice is needed. What is the justice of truth, and what is the justice of evil? Right now, the young people in America know nothing. Where are American youths going, where? They are all saying, “Ah, I’m alone.” Who will save them? The American president can’t save them, the American senators can’t save them, and American religion can’t save them, so God calls me and says, “Reverend Moon must save them.” That’s what it is. So, when I do that, what’s wrong with it? The one who will do that is Reverend Moon! “Amen.” 

It’s not that there’s no president, nor that there are no senators. They are all there. Church leaders are all there. Even with so many, they’ve made it like this, so there’s no way, and that’s why Reverend Moon is needed. Do you acknowledge that? “Yes.”

That’s why you are all sitting here. If everyone hates Reverend Moon, why are you here, you crazy people? What are you doing here? Go! “No.” You discovered something. Since God likes this, you can think of God as a crazy God. That’s fine. “Yes.” But it’s good. What’s good is that even though the people here are not all true people, there’s a possibility that they can become true people in the future. It means we can find people who can become true people whom the future world will welcome, whom the world will like, and whom heaven and earth will like. Even if they are not such people now… There are no such people in the world. That’s why this place is better. So, is that right? “Yes.”

You must have true people in your hearts, you must create true families, you must establish a true nation, and you must build a true world; you must create the heavenly kingdom on earth and the heavenly kingdom in heaven, the true heavenly kingdom. That’s the heart that’s in you. That heart is the center. It’s not me who is the center; that heart is the center. That’s great. We must know that even if we die, we must leave this behind.

However, generally, we don’t know. Everyone came without knowing. Is that right? “Yes.” Among ideologies, the ideology of the Unification Church is the highest. It is the highest. What does it mean to be the highest? The democratic world only serves the democratic world, and the communist world only serves the communist world, but we think we should serve both the democratic world and the communist world. Not only that, we should fulfill the wishes of the spirits in the spirit world, the spirits in hell, and fulfill the wishes of future humanity, and even liberate God. We should resolve the grievances of the spirit world and liberate God. Where has such an ideology existed? Have you ever heard such words? “No.”

But the people here not only hear such words but also think about them and say they will do them, so how high is that dimension? Regardless of how the world is, regardless of whether the world dislikes it, the spirits in the spirit world like it, God likes it, and the people of future humanity can like it, so saying that this organization is the only hope is a theoretical conclusion.

Even though we face opposition, if we inherit God’s tradition, we will ultimately win. Is there a God or not? “There is.” No! “There is!” No! “There is!” You guys, no! “There is!” Look at this. Look at these guys. Even if I glare and drop bombs, I still lost. (Laughter) Isn’t that right? Why? Because what exists is the truth. It’s because I said there’s nothing when there is something. It’s because what exists is the truth that we win.

When you look at this, you say there is, but do the crazy people of the Unification Church say there is? They say there is, but do they say there isn’t? “They say there is.” They say there is? No, then do all the church youths and all the members run away knowing that God exists? They run away because they think there’s nothing. If they thought there was something, they wouldn’t go. Isn’t that right? I see it that way.

When you look at it this way, God exists, but when you say there isn’t, how much… And do you even say God is dead? He’s alive and well. It’s the same. Even though He faces opposition, suffers injustice, and receives curses, God remains still. If you were in His place, you might say, “What the heck, you brats! Just wait and see.” You might stomp on the White House where the American president lives, but can God stomp and clear it away? Can He stomp on the Kremlin of the Soviet Union and clear it away? Would you want to do that? “Yes.” All of us humans would do that. Isn’t that right? Is that so? “Yes.” But because He is God, He doesn’t do that. Because He is God, He doesn’t do that. He must be better than humans.

Now, why does the leader of the Unification Church remain quiet despite facing all this opposition? It’s because he is the leader of the Unification Church that he remains quiet. Rather, he thinks of saving those people. Why? Even though he might want to beat them all to death and crush them all, why? Because God does. That’s the sin. The sin is wanting to inherit God’s tradition like that. Because of that sin, the members of the Unification Church receive all kinds of insults. (Demonstrating) (Laughter)

Why is God doing that? Why is that? Do you want to know? Do you want to know? “Yes.” I will teach you, so know it clearly. Why is that? Because when everything is full, it overflows and spills over. You must know the principle of the universe. It overflows. Do you understand what I mean? Even though we fight Reverend Moon to the end, in the end, who wins? The one who overflows, and we know that we will occupy the place that is created by the overflow and collapse. Do you understand? Once it starts to overflow, communism will also overflow. Communism will collapse and completely spill over, and we will occupy that place.

Now, no matter how cold winter is… That winter must be cold to have authority. (Laughter) When the winter solstice comes, winter retreats from here. Then it comes back from here. When it retreats this much, it comes back this much. (Drawing on the board while speaking) Isn’t that right? The winter solstice is December 22, the longest night of the year. You may not know, but that’s how it is. 

Oh, even though it’s cold, you’re all bundled up and walking quickly, spring is already coming up behind you. (Imitating. Laughter) Sometimes in spring, it can be colder than winter. “The teacher said that the Unification Church would overcome during the Washington conference, but what do you mean overcome? Sometimes the opposition is even stronger. You think the teacher is wrong.” Don’t think like that. It has overcome. It can be colder in spring than before, even stronger.

However, look at what happens afterward. In the communist world, Mao Zedong of China dies, the Soviet deputy prime minister dies, there are internal conflicts in North Korea, the North Korean embassy is expelled, and Kosygin gets sick and can’t attend the assembly. Such events keep happening. You must know that. You may not know, but it’s increasing gradually. Do you think so? “Yes.”

The Unification Church is doing what no one else can do. Ask, “Reverend Moon held the Madison Square Garden conference, the Yankee Stadium conference, and the Washington conference in three years; can you do that?” They can’t do it. If they try, they will all fail. “Oh, Reverend Moon is unbeatable.” That’s how it is. 

When a newspaper president opposes, ask him, “Can you do what Reverend Moon does?” Do you think President Carter would do that? He can’t do it. He might have been president, but he can’t do what Reverend Moon does.

Now, do you think it’s easy to become the president of the United States, or is it easy to lay the foundation that Reverend Moon is laying now? Which is easier? Think about it. You all know.
It's difficult to become like Reverend Moon, even for the president himself. 
That's something everyone in the world knows. Look at this. Bringing up issues like race, 
including the most troublesome racial problems, and saying we will create something out of it— 
is that possible or impossible? God couldn't do it and it took thousands of years, 
so is it possible to say we will do it? Look. Countless young people from various countries are getting married, 
and can we make them all say, "I wish only the teacher would do it"? Do you think we can put all the atomic bombs of America and the Soviet Union together and say, "Hey, you guys, if you mess up, we will shoot"? Do you think they will all listen to us and get married? Is that possible? If you have authority over all countries, can you do that? "No." Why can't you do it? Why? If you don't do it, you will lose your head, so why can't you? Then everyone dies. If you don't do it, you have to kill everyone, but then there would be no people left, so it can't be done. (Laughter)
Now, what about the Unification Church members? What about you? Even if I say I won't let you get married with an atomic bomb, you come behind me and say, "Teacher, you have to do it." (Laughter) Right? "That's right." Who can make it happen like that? Can the president of the world make it happen? Can a king make it happen? No. Throughout history, only one person, whether a madman or not, Reverend Moon, can do it. Do you understand that? 
"Yes." (Applause) Thank you.
Think about that. That's why if there are monsters in the world, they are real monsters, 
if there are bad people, they are real bad people, and if there are good people, they are real good people. 
If there is power, then you have met a leader who has a power that is not beyond that. 
The Unification Church members say it's the best; why is it the best?
Time is abundant before us. Time will wait as long as it takes. Even if people don't wait, time waits, so victory is ours.
If the president of the United States understands our principles well, will he say he will receive the blessing of marriage in the future or not? Answer me. "He will say he will." 
No, no! That's not true. "That's right." So you are crazy. That's a big problem. (Laughter) Is that good? If it's that good, then let it be. 
So that's a big problem. (Laughter) Is that good? If it's that good, then let it be. How can something good be done? That's why you should think about it too. In the future, we will unify with principles, but we will also unify with marriage issues. Even communist officials can say they will get married through Reverend Moon if they understand this ideology. Think about that. (Cheers. Applause) You are all thinking, "When will the teacher bless us? After the Washington conference, we will receive the blessing..." right? (Laughter) You all have those thoughts, right? Seeing you laugh, it must be true, you guys.
Cause and effect, subject and object must become one for an ideal world to be realized. 
So why have American youth become like this? Have they been bewitched by goblins? Have they been hypnotized? Why has this happened? Something impossible has occurred. Why has this happened? That is what worries me. That is madness. (Laughter) It has happened by God's power. Just look at how terrible it is. When I receive letters, they say, "Oh, teacher! I did wrong, please forgive me. I have committed a grave sin. You said not to even hold hands with a woman, but the other day, without knowing, I held hands with a woman for about five minutes. Please forgive me. If not, I will go to hell." (Laughter)
Did Reverend Moon make that happen? "No." God made it happen. 
How unpleasant would it be to think that you can't even get married as you wish? "I can't even get married as I wish, what is this? This is unpleasant." You might think that, but still, they say it's good. They say Reverend Moon is good. Even though it should feel unpleasant. Yes, you need to understand that this is a big problem. Am I glaring and forcing this? It's the principle.
Now you should know what kind of path a true person takes and what a true person is. 
A person who tries to put the whole above themselves can be true centered on the individual, and when true people become a couple and unite, they create a true family. Then, centered around such a family, they become a true tribe. In this way, they unify nations, states, and the world.
So when you look at yourselves, your mind and body must become one. 
They must not be two. Have you become one? "Yes." Centered on what? Centered on me, centered on America? You must become one centered on God. Even if you die, centered on God... You cannot leave God out. Therefore, your body and mind must become completely one with God, becoming the Trinity. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."
Why? Why must we center on God? Why? Can't we center on ourselves, on our own hearts? Why must we center on God? God is the cause. 
God is the causal being. So we and God become cause and effect. Then what? My body and mind are relative. This is the foundation of the universe. What is the foundation of the universe? It is the unity of cause and effect, the unity of subject and object. You must understand that. This is the principle of our church. There is nothing outside of this. I talked about this at the Washington conference and at the scientists' conference, but think about it. The conclusion is that outside of the unity of cause and effect, subject and object, you cannot find an ideal environment or ideal existence. Everything is connected to that.
Are you a causal being or an effectual being? What are you? "I am an effectual being." Then where is the cause? "It is God." The world does not know. The world does not know. We must recognize that God is the causal being. Without the unity of cause and effect, we cannot exist eternally. It cannot last long. A well-designed machine lasts long, but a machine that is not well-designed breaks down immediately. It is the same theory. (The recording briefly cuts out) There is a principle that it must be completely united. Good things are always recognized as good when they are united centered on the cause. Is that right? "Yes."
Next, the mind and body are relative. They are subject and object. The conscience should be the subject, it should be positive, but due to the fall, the subject has become two. This causes mutual repulsion. (While writing on the board) Positive and positive repel each other. That is why we must establish a conscience for God as the subject. We must eliminate this positive and create a negative. We are creating a negative based on God. (Pointing to what he wrote) This is the providence of restoration, the providence of salvation. It's nothing else.
Therefore, religion strikes the body centered on the heart that believes in God. 
"Hey, you!" Do you understand? This is in line with the theory. That is why in the universe, this is positive, and this unity here is negative. (Pointing to what he wrote) The great positive and negative come together. They must become one. Only when these two become one can they last forever. Why do they last forever? Why? Because when centripetal and centrifugal forces act, just like motion, they revolve to become completely one, so they last forever. They revolve. Do you understand? That is why they last forever. Without this force, they cannot revolve forever, and existence expectancy disappears. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."
That is why there is a vertical force and a horizontal force trying to go out, and this acts as centripetal and centrifugal forces. Centripetal and centrifugal forces are the foundation upon which the universe exists. The universe revolves. Therefore, does God absolutely need a horizontal existence or not? "He needs it." Also, do we humans need a vertical standard or not? "We need it."
That is why when this is completely united, everything moves completely ideally. (Pointing to what he wrote) When this happens, one, two, three, everything unfolds from rebirth, growth, and completion. Our theory is all correct. It is our principle.
What happens when this happens? (Pointing to what he wrote) The immovable center of everything is determined, and all forces act together. When this happens, God, humans, everything, sons, and daughters all enter into the realm of power, the realm of unity. (While writing) They are the same. Unity unfolds.
If we cannot find the center point where the two verticals can unite, the center for complete unity disappears. If we cannot find the center to unite horizontally, we lose the standard that can completely bind this together. Therefore, who must be in this position? It must be God, who is the foundation of the universe, and God, who is the center of humanity. This conclusion has emerged. Therefore, we cannot place God out of the center of our body and mind. Do you understand? The center of cause and effect must be God.
That is why there is only one point in the universe, so God can eternally reside here. (Pointing to what he wrote) From here, the ideal world emerges. It becomes a spherical, three-dimensional world. It is not a flat world. A three-dimensional world is formed here. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."
A family that loves each other centered on God's love is a true family. 
Based on this principle, we will establish our norms in the future. Even Americans, when giving to someone of higher status, representing God, should not give with one hand. They must give from a relative position like this. (Demonstrating with both hands) You cannot do it like this. (Demonstrating with one hand) This does not become a center. You must always use both hands... Do you understand? "Yes."
Therefore, education is not just done by the father, but both parents must do it together. It must be like that for everything. That is how it aligns with salvation. Parents are the cause, and children are the effect, so they must become one. Following this principle, parents and children must absolutely become one. Centered on whom? Centered on the parents. It is the same. Children must become one centered on the parents. And there, God must always be present. God must always be present. That is ideal.
Husbands and wives are relative, so positive and negative must be centered on God... God has the love of parents, the love of children, the love of husbands, and the love of wives. This is ideal. When God, who is the subject of this love, becomes one with the subject position, this love becomes one, establishing an ideal family that will never break apart. Theoretically, that is how it is established.
The love of parents is concentrated for the children, and the love of children is connected to the parents. The love of husbands is connected to the wives, and the love of wives is connected to the husbands. However, the question is how do those loves become one? They cannot become one by themselves. They cannot become one on their own. But the subjective power that can make them one is God's love. Do you understand? Because the subject is present here, all these existences automatically become one. (Pointing to what he wrote) Therefore, without God, love is absolutely... It all becomes self-centered love, and cannot bind together as one.
When they are united, the paths of this love, this love, and this love become the same. It becomes an average. (While writing) Why? Because this has become a single object drawn in a circular shape. Therefore, when cause and effect become one, and vertical and horizontal become one, and become one with God, this world driven by the power of love has nothing that is not love. Wherever you go, there is nothing that is not love. Because it is a place of love, that world is the ideal world, and when such a world unfolds on earth and in families, the term "heaven on earth" emerges. This is theoretical. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." That is God's ideal.
That is why the Unification Church says to think of parents like God. The logic comes from here. Think of your wife like God, think of your parents like God, think of your husband like God, think of your children like God, think of your husband and wife like God. If you think of God like your wife, like your husband, like your parents, like your sons and daughters, you will all go to heaven. You will all go to heaven. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."
A family like that, parents and children like that, and couples like that create a family where true people can live. Do you understand? "Yes." Even if your wife is not beautiful, you should feel, "That nose looks like God's." Children should say, "This nose resembles our mom and dad," right?
Even our children say that. If you ask, "What kind of husband or wife do you want?" they say, "Please give me someone like mom and dad." So if they resemble our mom and dad, and our children resemble us, then it's fine. Even if I am not handsome, my daughter says she wants to marry someone like me. Just yesterday, she said, "Dad! I like a husband like you." (Laughter. Applause) That is how it is.
The Unification Church trains to create true people who practice true love. 
You blindly know the ideal and say, "It is the ideal," but that is not it. It must be theoretical. Blindness does not work now. So when we ask what God's love is, the logic of love that expects a son-in-law is established here. Isn't that right? "Yes." Everything must be established theoretically. It must align with the theory. You must have the undeniable self that realizes the ideal by establishing the theory and entering that world. When I say "God!" in this place, God answers. It means He is actually present. You can discover that He is truly within you.
To find such a theory, where should you go? You should go to Reverend Moon to find that. Then the world will be unified. Will the world be unified or not? "It will." It will become one. It will unite centered around the Unification Church. Why? Because there is no one who does not want this. There is no one who dislikes this flavor. Everyone, every being, all beings want this. Is that right? "Yes." Therefore, you should consider it an honor to be in the Unification Church.
"Wow! I am in a wonderful place." You should think like that. Is that right? "Yes." Is that right? "Yes." Now you must have understood.
Now let's conclude. What is a true ideal human? This is where the ideal comes in. 
You cannot have only true people. What is the true ideal? It is to unify centered on love and create this realm of unity. (While writing)
(While speaking) The principle of the universe... This power supplements everywhere, and it cannot be absent. If this is absent, everything breaks. Therefore, to eternally preserve this power and to act in a way that protects it forever, all existence in the universe is active. You need to understand this. (Pointing to what was written)

God also needs three types of love. That is parental love, spousal love, and children's love. (While writing, he speaks) These three loves are absolutely necessary. Parental love, spousal love, and the love between parents and children are all interconnected. They are connected through love in both horizontal and vertical dimensions. This is the same for everyone. Three loves are always necessary. This is why the Unification Church speaks of the three great purposes. The three great loves are all required. Why? Because it is necessary to align everything to one center, this logic is established.

You are the same. I need parents, I need a husband, I need a wife, and I need children. All of this is necessary. It is absolutely necessary. Right? Isn’t that so? Yes. Do young people in America need parents? "Yes." Until now, in the West, what has happened is that parents are completely disregarded, and it’s just us two... This is horizontal. There is no ideal or anything there. It is animalistic.

These days, young men don’t even get married, and young women don’t either. Even when they grow old, old men live separately from old women in apartments. That leads to ruin. It will fail. It will fail. Women who are not married live separately, and men do too, and if they want to meet, they meet in apartments. That’s how they live. Every time with a different woman, every time with a different man. Old people are the same.

That will lead to ruin. It is completely... a completely destructive state that even Satan's world does not have. It is worse than animals. Isn’t American society like that now? How will you save that? Therefore, in this country, Reverend Moon is absolutely necessary. How do you deal with them theoretically? What will you use to govern them? But teach them this principle. It will turn everything around, completely. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

You have lived like that until now, but you children, it cannot be like that anymore. The vertical must come before the horizontal. Parents and children were created first. Spouses come later. You need to understand this. Is the love between parents and children established first, or is the love between spouses established first? Answer me. Which comes first? The love between parents and children comes first, the vertical comes first. You need to establish this... This cannot be the other way around. (While writing, he speaks) Establish this, and in the correct middle, at 90 degrees... Why? Why must it be 90 degrees? Because without 90 degrees, everything cannot be the same. If it tilts even a little, everything will bounce out. Everything will break apart. If you establish it at 90 degrees, everything is the same, so it must be at 90 degrees. Isn’t that right? "Yes."

Just as you love God, the world of loving humans is the ideal world. Therefore, love your wife like a parent, love your husband like a parent, love your children like a parent, and love your children like God... The logic that you must love equally to create 90 degrees is established. Is that correct or not? "That’s correct." So I am trying to train you with this model. The church that trains in this way is the Unification Church. Just as you love your teacher, love your parents, love your siblings, and love your children. It’s the same principle. Is that good? (Laughter)

Then now you understand. You have understood the path of a true person. You must walk this path... You must love your parents like God, love your wife like God, and love your husband like God. You must love your children like God, and love your children like your spouse. You must also love God like your wife, love like your parents, and love like your children. This is the path of a true ideal person.

Now, if God exists, does He only want this one thing? The whole... You must create all of these things, filling the east, west, south, and north, creating many families to make this one. (Pointing to what was written) Therefore, to love people like God, to love like your mother and father, to love like your children, and to love like your husband, this ideology has been developed... Because it is all connected through the same love, God exists everywhere, and the world of ideals is the world we must achieve, the one world that a true person desires. It connects to the world. That is the heavenly kingdom on earth, because it is made through love. This applies to everything. It applies everywhere. (While writing, he speaks) When this becomes globalized, that is the ideal world. Do you understand? "Yes."

Therefore, "Love the black grandmother like your own grandmother." This education is the highest education in this human world. You need to understand that. God cannot teach anything beyond that. No saint can teach anything beyond that. This conclusion has been reached. No matter how much God or any saint there is, there is no way to teach beyond that. Do you think there could be? "No."

If you love the black lady like your own mother, love the black man like your own father, love them like your own children, and love them like God, then that person is a true person, and if everyone does that, they will all go to heaven. There is no way to teach beyond that; there is no need for the Bible beyond that, no need for God beyond that. There is nothing beyond that. Even if you burn all 66 books of the Bible, this must remain, and even if you eliminate all world religions, this must remain, and even if you eliminate all nations of the world, this must be left. You need to understand this. Even if everything is eliminated, if this remains, everything is achieved. Right? "Yes."

You don’t need to go to school to take ethics classes. You don’t need ethics classes or anything. All the complicated ethical issues in America, the problems of young people, family issues will all be resolved. Will they be resolved or not? "They will." Is there any area that cannot be resolved? Think about it. Is that really so? "Yes." You must feel indignant that the movement of the Unification Church and this principle are being opposed. You must feel indignant.

To walk the path of love and unity, sacrifice and effort are required. If I sacrifice from this principle, if I sacrifice just one person, the whole will be resurrected. This is also resurrection, this is also resurrection, this is also resurrection, the whole will be resurrected. (Pointing to what was written) But why aren’t you doing this? Such a person, one who has sacrificed a lot, becomes a central being. They become the center. Can that happen or not? "It can."

So when Reverend Moon of the Unification Church says, "You all, suffer! Sacrifice!" is he teaching well or not? "He is teaching well." What does that mean? It means to become a central being that is global and cosmic. Everyone must become that. Do you understand or not? Raise your hand if you understand! Did you really understand? "Yes."

Can Unification Church members get divorced after being blessed? "No." To get divorced, you must receive God's approval, your parents' approval, and even the approval of the neighbors of your wife, and the approval of your children must also be obtained. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."

You all, that’s right. Why do you cry when your beloved husband dies? Have you thought about that? Why do you cry? "Because of love." If you say that, it doesn’t connect. Why do you cry? What makes you cry? Is it love that makes you cry? There is no truth in love that makes you cry. It is not love that makes you cry, but to fulfill the ideal purpose of the universe, you must have these three aspects of love, and when your husband dies, one aspect collapses, so you cannot receive the protection of this universe, and that is why you cry. The power that protects universal love and ideals says, "You are a disqualified person." It removes you. It makes you retreat. You must understand that this retreating power is what makes you cry. It retreats like this. (Imitating. Laughter)

So when a parent dies, tears come out, and when a child dies, tears come out. This is something that cannot be absent. I must have the authority to absolutely protect this, but because I am lacking in that, I am removed. The power that says, "From now on, you will enter a place lacking in the ideal circle of this universe," acts, which is why you feel pain and shed tears. Do you understand? "Yes."

Then why does it hurt when you get sick? This universe is supposed to protect the power of the movement of giving and receiving, which is a complete system of giving and receiving, but because that is lacking, it says, "You are a disqualified person," and pushes you out. That is why when you get sick, it hurts. It is blocked. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." But when you ask why it hurts, people say, "It hurts because I am sick." They don’t think about why it hurts. They don’t think about why they cry. Isn’t that so? "Yes."

What that means is, when you enter this realm of love, infinite cosmic happiness comes, cosmic satisfaction comes, cosmic strength comes, and you gain cosmic existence. Therefore, you cannot help but engage in that play. That is why when you see your wife, you feel good, and when you see your mother, you feel good, and when you see your children, you feel good. That must be the case.

Today, American couples say, "Let’s leave our parents behind, let’s leave our children behind, and just go together." That is a sign of ruin. Wanting to go just the two of us is a sign of ruin. That is going sideways. Do you all like that? "No." What do you like? Do you like what the teacher says? "Yes." Why do you like it? Why? "Because it is the true path." It is to become a passable candidate for the model of the power of the universe, the model of the ideals of the universe. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

In American families, if we go, and the parents go, and the children all go, then not wanting that will lead to ruin. It will inevitably lead to ruin. The universe will drive it away. The universe will drive it away. That is why it fails. Those who dislike that are traitors who sell out America, traitors. You must understand that they are traitors, traitors. How can such a person hold their head up? They cannot hold their head up.

The teacher thinks the same way about children. The teacher also must engage in that play. You must love your mother like God, love her like your parents, and love her like your children. You must also love your children like God, love them like your wife, and think of everything that way, and that is how it must be. Should siblings fight? Should they not? They should not. Siblings must love each other like God, love each other like their parents, and sacrifice themselves. Do you understand, Hyojin? "Yes." Do you understand, mother? "Yes." Hmm. (Laughter)

Only when everything is theoretically correct will young people follow. Try to become one. If you become one, God loves you, your parents love you, and all your siblings will be on your side. If not, everyone will criticize you. Someone will say this or that, and they will curse that household. Someone will say this or that... If you become one, your eyes will welcome you, your nose will welcome you, your ears will welcome you, your hands will welcome you, your feet will welcome you, your heart will welcome you, and your whole self will be welcomed, the whole. There will be no opposition. Now you understand well, right? "Yes." Now you know the path of a true person, right? "Yes."

Those who say they will live like this and actually live like this will undoubtedly enter the throne of God, into that inner room. They will march anywhere in the heavenly kingdom. They will not be blocked anywhere in the world. Now you understand, right? "Yes." Raise your hand if you say, "Even if I die, I will definitely go that way." (Everyone raises their hands) Put them down. Then the eternal protection, blessing, and praise of all people will be with you forever. 

Our position is a position that can be said to represent all history and the world of existence. 

To walk the true path, you must align the three points of the past, present, and future. Regardless of whether you are a man or a woman, you think of everything centered around yourself. From that perspective, if there are a thousand or ten thousand people here, each of those people will try to go centered around themselves. Each of your attitudes towards life and living environments are different, and each of your areas of expertise is different. We are witnessing the reality that nations and the world are moving from different positions.

When viewed this way, we can see a variety of phenomena. We can see all sorts of phenomena. In that view, where do ordinary people, excluding us Unification Church members, go? Where are they going centered around themselves? Thinking about these issues can be quite confusing.

When we observe the steps of a human being born and walking throughout their life, we cannot avoid thinking about what kind of waves and what kind of influences they will have while the entire universe is moving. The existence of 'me' was born for a purpose. Then, when viewed centered on that purpose, the question is whether the current 'me' is indeed walking a path that aligns with that purpose.

Some people say, "Isn’t it enough to just go centered around myself?" They think it is enough to go centered around themselves... When we look at the current existence of 'me', the past has been woven together. So where is the beginning of this past? It reaches the very first existence. It reaches the initial cause of existence.

Even when looking centered around me now, there are many people gathered here in our Unification Church, and the question is where these people will go. They will go centered around your descendants from now on. They will go, but there will be distance created here. There is a past and a present, and they will go like this. You are going from your ancestors, but some people... (While writing, he speaks) go in various ways. They are going in various paths. Just as people go like this, nations also go like that.

When viewed this way, is there really a straight path for individuals, families, and nations in the entire world? We are inevitably going. We are going, but if we go without a purpose, that is extremely miserable. When you walk through a desert, no matter how straight you go, you will end up taking a long detour. Some people go like this... They take a long detour. Why? Because even though their feet are moving, they do not go the same way. So even if there is a slight deviation, if you go for a long time, you will already be going in circles. If the left foot goes even a little further, that is how you end up going in circles.

In that sense, your conscience life is the same. Body and mind must become one.
Oh, how winding it must be to say that one is going! If the body and mind are like that, think about how the life of a man and a woman living together as one would be. Now, if there is a destination, if we have an ideal destination, we reach that destination by going in a winding manner. Even if we go this way and that way, as we continue to move, we can reach it. (While drawing on the blackboard) 

Everyone, try rowing a boat in the sea or a lake. When you row a boat, it must form a triangle... If I say I am going from here to there, I must align three points. To get from this spot to that spot, I must align this with that. (While drawing a picture) When you row, it goes in a winding manner.

In this view, the existence of 'me' is living now and going somewhere, but it is uncertain where it is going. Therefore, we must adjust these three points while looking at the starting point and the destination, so that we can play this game. Then we will pass through a distance closer to a straight line. This is theoretically valid.

In this light, if I want to walk the true path as a human today, I cannot just think about the present. It concludes that such a person cannot walk the true path. To go straight today, I must first think about the point of the past. I must align with the past. Then, I need to look at what the point of hope for the future is.

From this perspective, where is the path I must take? The path I must take is the right path, and the place I must be is always a place where the three points of the past, present, and future are connected. We have understood this.

When people walk, they try to look ahead. When I look at my own eyes, they are here and here, connecting three points. Then, this point must align with the optic nerve. Therefore, if this is also on a straight line, I must see it while the optic nerve or focus is aligned, so that a straight line can be drawn.

Everyone, even when looking at the nose, there are two holes. The air splits from here and enters like this. The air here splits and enters. (While drawing a picture) It’s the same. This is what it means. The ears are the same.

When we grab something, we spread it all out to hold it. The hand must go like this to grab it; it cannot go like this. It must go out like this to grab it. Also, when we walk, it all takes this shape. This is how we walk. This is how it goes. (While drawing on the blackboard) What this indicates is that in the present, we must connect the past and the future.

So far, what have humans done from their current position? They think about what the essence of humanity is. What is the essence of humanity? What is it? There are philosophies and religions, all pondering the question of what humanity is. The issue here is centered on the present self: “Where did I come from and where am I going?” This is what they think about. Because of this, humanity has struggled and worked hard until now. Those who think more seriously and importantly about fundamental issues than the present think more about where they are going from and to. Isn’t that right? “Yes.” You are the same. Where did America come from and where is it going? Where did Japan come from and where is it going? It’s all the same. Now, then, where did our Unification Church come from? Where did it come from and where is it going? It’s the same.

From this perspective, when thinking about the human world, if there is 'me', there must be a family centered around me, and tribes, nations, and the world are formed. It is 'me' within the world. Isn’t that right? When you think of 'home', do you think of someone else's home or your own home? “My own home.” Do Americans think of Eastern homes or American homes? They think of American homes. And when thinking of 'country', which country do they think of first? They always think of their own country first.

Therefore, what is the path they must take? When viewed from oneself, there is a spouse, a family, a tribe, a nation, and a world, and everyone thinks, "I want to go out into the world." At the same time, they want to take their family with them. Do you want to take them or not? “I want to take them.” Thus, increasingly serious problems arise. If one person goes astray, everyone goes astray. Then they want to take their tribe along as well.

So, who becomes the center there? Who must become the center? They must go, but should they be someone who knows or someone who doesn’t know? “Someone who knows.” Right, someone who knows... Then what about older people and younger people? “It doesn’t matter about age.” So, in the end, it concludes that someone who knows must lead.

Now, there are some nations like this, while others are the opposite. (While writing on the board) This is how it goes. When thinking like this, living in such a nation, in such a family and country, becoming such a citizen, and becoming such a nation, what will happen? Even if it has gone like this, it must go again. (Pointing to what was written)

When this happens, the more wealth one has and the heavier the burden one carries, the more difficult it becomes. If such a person stands in a position to lead a nation, it will be a big problem. So what will happen? That’s right, isn’t it? “Yes.” From this perspective, everyone is going somewhere, but if they are unaware of the wrong direction and are in the wrong place, it will be a big problem.

Therefore, what method should we think of here? We must clear all of this away. We must engage in a movement to abandon everything we have, including the country we live in, the society we live in, the family we live in, and everything we possess. In other words, a movement to go straight must appear in today’s world. If such a movement does not exist in history, if there is no such movement in the historical process where humanity does not know where it is going, it concludes that there is no hope. There is no hope.

So, abandoning everything, where do we go? Since we cannot be assured of other places, we must engage in a movement to return to the place where humanity started. What kind of movement is that? It is a religious movement, a religious movement. Philosophy also pursues that point. Regarding the question of existence, what is the essence... The most emphasized thing in religion is to go alone, abandoning everything.

The fundamental starting point of the universe is God’s heart.

Then, what should I prepare to align with that starting point as I return? Where should I go? If I look closely, I have a body and a mind, and I must find the essence of the mind. I must maneuver these two.

Everyone, if there is a mind, will it start from here? It must start from the center. If there is a certain subject here, would it have started from here? It started from here. (While drawing on the blackboard) Also, if there is a God, a certain source, the fundamental of the universe, that fundamental also started from the center. From this perspective, if there is a God who is the fundamental of the universe, the center of that God’s heart is the starting point, and if there is a true person among us humans, the heart of that person becomes the starting point, which is an undeniable fact.

Then, where should this be made one? I must go to the original starting point and stand there to see that all problems will be resolved. Therefore, in humans, the heart becomes the center, and in God, the heart becomes the center. It becomes the same. However, that heart also has affection. In other words, to be joyful and happy, it cannot just be the heart; it must be a heart centered on affection.

Then, where should true religion go? From this perspective, it must return to the world of God’s heart, the world of God’s heart. That is why the Unification Church has brought up this heart issue. The point that this is the fundamental starting point of the universe is theoretically correct.

I am the same. I must focus on my heart and spirit. That is why it was said in the Bible, “Love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your mind. This is the first commandment.” It says, “Love God. This is the first commandment.” Isn’t that so? “Yes.” What does that mean? This is what it is saying. To love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your mind means that no matter how much you go around, you cannot leave that place.

Now, I understand. It must be so. If there is God, then it must be so. Then what is the purpose of God? If there is God, what is it that God aims for? This is the problem. I did not know the essence. What does God aim for? It is a world of happiness. (While writing on the board) Then, can God be happy alone? God is one absolute being; He cannot be happy alone.

Happiness exists where there is love.

You all must feel this too. Young ladies and young men, when you get married in the future, do you just want to sit quietly with the person you love, or do you want to go around and see the world? “Go around...” Why is that? (Laughter) What does that mean? It means that by going around the whole, the relative conditions change. Therefore, every time the two face it, they can rejoice. The stimulus for joy exists wherever they go. That is why it is good.

Even when looking at flowers, it is boring to look alone. That is why both men and women immediately think of wanting to see them with the person they love. They all think that way. So, where does that thought come from? You are ultimately a resultant being. You are a being that has come into existence, not a being that is coming into existence. Because you have come into existence, you are a resultant being, and the result belongs to the cause. It is the same. This is theoretically correct.

From this perspective, if there is an absolute God, that God resembles the result, because He is the cause. All of our created world is the result of the absolute cause, so it is consistent with inductive logic that the cause resembles the result. Then why does it resemble that way? Because it is pleasing. Can one laugh here and cry over there? One must be able to laugh and smile. It is the same.

Now, when we look at this, what is the purpose of God? God’s purpose is happiness. I have understood that. Then where is happiness? Happiness exists wherever there is love. Then, if there is love, even in the darkest night, if there is love in that small corner, one will go to that corner no matter how wide and good the place is. Is that true? “Yes.”

Even if there is a throne in the world and a throne in a palace, if there is no love there, and if love is in a smelly shack—do you like the smell of fish?—if love is behind a toilet, one will go there. (Laughter) Will you go there? “Yes.” Why? Because love is what? (Laughter) What is love, anyway? Why do you desire love? The power of love is the only force that can mobilize all cells, this is how it is viewed. (Laughter)

That is why in a place of love, one can shout. There is a saying that one can shout “Hey!” You all know this, right? Isn’t it true that sometimes when you laugh, tears come out? You feel that way too? “Yes.” How is the tear that comes from laughter different from the tear that comes from crying? The tears that come from laughter are sweet, while the tears that come from crying are bitter. That would match the mood. But that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t taste it. (Laughter) It’s okay not to see it. (Laughter) Even if the taste is the same, the content is fundamentally different.

In joy, even tears can be mobilized; what does that mean? It means that everything can be mobilized. It can even move to hell. When we see this, we can understand that the power of love can mobilize all cells and more. That is why love is good. Isn’t it? “Yes.” How good is it? God is so pleased that it’s beyond words. (Laughter) Therefore, when God has love, even if there are paths in all directions, He will go to where love is. This statement holds true. (While writing on the board) Do you understand what that means? “Yes.”

Therefore, the path of seeking love aligns with God’s purpose. If that is the case, it is an amazing statement. If God goes back in search of love, what will happen? Can God not go back? It is the same if He goes sideways. (Laughter)

From this perspective, if God sets a purpose and decides on a path, what path would He choose? He would choose the best and easiest path. Theoretically, that is so, because He is God. Isn’t that right? What is Satan? It is what took away God’s love before entering such a place. Do you understand what that means? “Yes.”

Thus, we can establish the logic that God cannot help but engage in a game to realize this love again. Now, I understand. If God is like that, then we humans must also go to love with true love. In such a place, there is a path that connects with God’s purpose and God’s cause. This conclusion comes automatically. Do you think so? “Yes.”

So, what does religion do? It is a place that connects with God and connects God’s source and purpose. That is why it is always for God. For God... Love God truly, and love ideal humanity truly; a religion that teaches these two directions is a true religion. (While writing on the board) If one loves God alone, it connects. Why? Because by loving God, one lives in connection with God, and by loving humanity, God comes to meet them, thus it becomes a path to connect with God. Is that theoretically correct or not? “It is correct.”

That is why we desire such a religion. If there are people who do not know the direction we are going or what our lives are, they must know that the slogan of loving God with love and loving humanity with love is established. Such a slogan is established. Then what happens? One can be with God, and since they are in the world of God’s purpose, they ultimately become a person who goes to heaven. This conclusion is theoretically correct. By loving God, our hearts ultimately approach here and reach this heart. When we reach here, this also reaches this heart. This is a principle. (Pointing to what was written) Therefore, in the world where God’s purpose is fulfilled, the heart becomes the center.
A person, that is, a person of heart, undoubtedly becomes one centered on that purpose. It's the same theory. From here, where will the direction of God's heart go? It's the same. It goes here. This is the destination. This is also a matter of cause and effect. (Pointing to what he has written) What kind of people are saints? They are those who try to love God and who have the heart to love humanity. What is a saint? It can be concluded that a saint is the one who has the highest qualification to become a child of God. How does one become a child of God? Because one receives God's love. Just as much as I love humanity, God loves me, and just as much as I love God, God loves me. It's the same principle. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

As I mentioned earlier, it doesn't matter if you don't know where you are in this chaotic world. You can not know everything, but you must know what kind of path you should take. If you walk only the path of love, the path of true love, you are walking the path that can be taken in life. Remembering God, since this is the cause, and going towards the purpose with love, a person who does this will undoubtedly walk the right path. Then, it can be concluded that everyone will definitely go to heaven. Do you understand? "Yes."

The path to heaven is the path of love.
When viewed this way, the path of walking with love is a path of weeping and a path of joy. "It is a path of joy." When one does not know love at first, one does not know, but once one begins to know love, from there, both rejoice. When both begin to understand... Should God advance or retreat in going towards the world of purpose? "He should advance." What does advance mean? It means to act. It means that there must be progressive action. What does that mean? It refers to investing, to consuming. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, sacrifice is needed here. It is about giving. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Thus, in order for us to love, we must invest. Then how does God invest? He invests whether He receives or not, and even if He opposes, He thinks, "I will invest." That is God.

But what about humans? They give only when they like, and if they do not know, they do not give, and if they oppose, they confront... That is humanity. What is true love? It is to love as God loves. Then what is God's love? If there is someone who receives, He wants to give more, and even to those who do not receive, He wants to give, and to those who oppose, He wants to give. Therefore, you must understand that if we love with such a heart, we will be in harmony with God's love.

Thus, Jesus also... Even to enemies... Jesus wanted to give love to those who reflected God's love, and to those who were quietly unaware for the sake of the Israelite nation, and even to those who opposed Him, He wanted to bless them. He understood that principle. That principle connects with God's love. When such a heart is eternal, not temporary, it concludes that this is true love. The question is, do you have true love? Do you have such love? "No." It is a problem because you do not have it. If you have this, you will undoubtedly go to heaven. If you have this, you will connect with the world of cause and purpose.

So, what do you think? Whether the Unification Church goes to heaven or not is all determined by this principle. You do not need to think about whether you are going the wrong way or the right way. If you just have this love, you will meet God no matter how you go. No matter how you go, you will go to heaven, and no matter how you go, you will live within God's will. It is not difficult. If you just find such a counterpart, you will live in infinite happiness. Even if you talk all night, you will not feel tired, and no matter how much effort you put in, you will not feel tired; a world of gratitude and joy will unfold. Such a place exists. That place is heaven. What kind of world do you want to live in? Everyone would answer that they want to live in a place where God's love exists, where true love exists. "Ah! I want to live in such a world." That is what you would say. So, do you want to live in such a place? "Yes."

Now, do you know how to live, or not? "I know." But if you go backward, if you go upside down, will you go to heaven or hell? "I will go to hell." Did you understand or not? "I understood." Do you know the way to heaven? "Yes." You definitely know the way to heaven, right? "Yes." Then will you go that way or not? "I will go." Where is heaven? It is beyond the world of Satan. You must understand this. You must know that heaven exists beyond the world of Satan. It does not exist below.

Now, with this heart of love, if you can love individuals, tribes, nations, and the world, then the world of heaven will unfold here. The light of heaven will come in. The more this number increases, the more it will advance in. Do you understand? As this happens... (Drawing a picture on the blackboard) So, if a movement to love the world begins here, this hole will be opened wide. Is it good just to hear this? "Yes." That is how it will be.

Unification Church members must go on the path of completely investing themselves to save the world.
Therefore, the Unification Church teaches this. By sacrificing individuals, by completely investing individuals to save families, by completely investing families to save tribes, by completely investing tribes and the Unification Church to save the world. Love is complete investment.

If you love like God and if you love more crazily than God, it concludes that you can ride with God and live in heaven. Even then, God likes it. (Laughter) This is the ideal heaven and the key to solving all human problems. Therefore, you must understand that this is a precious conclusion that is more valuable than countless philosophies and all of history. It is not a matter of philosophy. It transcends all. It transcends religion and philosophy...

If you have this love just to play... If you do not come to this place today and just play, that is also acceptable. Then it is better than coming here. You do not need to come here. (Laughter) The teacher's commands and words are all unnecessary.

Think about it with your eyes closed, if you lived a day loving humanity like God. Think about how joyful and how happy that would be. So, do you live like that? (Laughter) Now you know everything about going to heaven, becoming God's representative, and everything else. When you did not know this, it was frustrating. It was frustrating when it was upside down. But now that you know this, it is okay even if it is upside down. It is good, good.

So now, the existence of 'I'... The title is 'I', but wherever I go, everything gets twisted, and when I become like this, it becomes like this, but instead, the distance becomes shorter. This is cause and effect; although there is this distance, as it goes down, the distance becomes shorter. If this gets turned upside down, it becomes one. (Speaking while writing) What does that mean? It means that the purpose of loving even enemies becomes unified with God. This logic is established. Do you understand what I mean? Ah, it will be like this... Then, a person who seeks to love like God while searching for enemies will become a king of heaven? This conclusion arises. (Laughing) You become a king of the heavenly kingdom, a king. Did you understand or not? "I understood."

Now, when you understand this, are you at ease even if you close your eyes? "Yes." Do you have any complaints if no one acknowledges you? "No." There is no need to think that I am better than others. There is no need to think that I am being ignored, and there is no need to be arrogant; you will be in a harmonious place.

Everyone, where will you go? "The path of love." So, just forget about saying you will go to heaven. Just throw away all thoughts of peace and happiness. If you just say you will find the one path of love, everything will be fine. That is what is difficult. It sounds simple, right? "No, it is difficult." (Laughter) If you say you will love with all your life, then you can go where you need to go.

I will dedicate my life for humanity, and I will dedicate my life for God; if you make that determination and go, everything will be fine. If I cannot die for humanity and cannot die for God, then that place is the most fearful place; the place where I can die for humanity and for God is the happiest place, this conclusion arises. If I die like that, the gates of heaven will open wide. (Laughing) So, what path will you take? "The path of love."

When viewed this way, it concludes that the path of religion is not difficult but is the easiest path. So, when you look at Unification Church members, they do fundraising and wake up early in the morning; is that difficult or easy? What is it? "It is difficult." (Laughter) If that is difficult, and if you knew that true love is there, what should you do? "Joyfully..." That's right. The more difficult it is, the greater love is hidden there. The more difficult it is, the more effort and activity you put in, the greater love is hidden there. The great happiness of the universe and the great God is with me.

There are people who have been in the Unification Church for a week, and there are people who came for the first time this morning. If even the person who came for the first time today puts the teacher's words at the center and immediately practices them, they will go to heaven. Even if it has been decades, if you cannot do this, you will go to hell. Is that fair or not? "It is fair." You answer well, you guys. (Laughter)

If you live with love that can even move God, you will become the center of the universe.
Now, the teacher has spoken for one hour and twenty minutes, and I have said everything in that time. Now I have nothing more to say. It is all finished. (Applause) The Bible, the Principle book, all of that is actually unnecessary. (Laughter) So, do you want to live like that? "Yes." Then you will undoubtedly become a happy person. You will undoubtedly become a happy person, undoubtedly become a friend of God, and undoubtedly become a leader of the world. In that place, there is no need for ethnic distinctions, and there is no need for racial discrimination. There is no black and white issue.

With this ideology, if you now... If such a movement occurs in America, America will not perish. It will survive. There is hope for America. It is because of you that there is hope for America. Now you understand, right? You understand what true love is? You understand what love is that is with God? "Yes."

Now, to those who want to receive, give as much as you can, and even to those who do not want to receive, think about giving to them, and even to those who oppose, think about giving to them. To those who oppose, it just takes a little longer. You have to wait a little. It takes a little time. It is like the cycle of fortune. Just like the shade, when night falls, the time will come to receive that. It is the same.

No one will dislike the world uniting through the principle of love. No one will say that is wrong. If there is someone who wants to create a united world with true love, everyone will want to follow that person. Everyone will follow. You all will too. Do the American people like the teacher? "Yes." Is that so? "Yes."

Just as I do, you all should do. Then when you go to your neighborhood, when you go to your state, wherever there are people, they will definitely want to follow you. Therefore, there can be no complaints on the path I take; there can be no talk of unhappiness; this logic is established. Because it is the path of love...

If you become that 'I', that can even move God and can love in such a position, you truly become the center of the universe. Everyone, do you value 'I'? You think of yourself first before your country, before the world, before anyone else, and when this 'I' becomes the most precious there, anyone will not oppose such a 'I', so if you become that, everything will be resolved.

Even if you go into that tunnel, you will rise. Even if you go to hell, God will pull you up. You will rise upside down. So, there is no need to be arrogant, no need to boast, no need to promote. The question is whether you are living like that or not.

Now, I will definitely live with the love that the teacher spoke about; those who make that determination, please raise your hands. Then you will become precious people like God. Amen. 

The Age of Judgment and Us
Everyone, when we talk about judgment, a courtroom comes to mind. When you go to that courtroom, there is a judge, a prosecutor, a defense attorney, a prisoner, and an audience of non-prisoners, good people. Why is there judgment? Because the law has been broken. In other words, as a result of breaking the law, sin arises... When one breaks the law and gets caught in conditions, we know that one must pay the corresponding penalty.

To become a true person, one must unite with true law, true words.
If it is a country, there is a law that defends the sovereignty centered on that country, and that law is the word and truth that can establish the sovereignty of that country. If you live according to that law, if you become the person that the law desires, you will not be caught by the law. What must you become as a person who is not caught by the law? What is the purpose of establishing the law? It is to become one with the sovereign. So what is to be done? It is to advance to a better place. This is the content and purpose of establishing the law. This is the same for one nation, the same for society, the same for our Unification Church organization, and the same for families. Following such principles, our social situation hopes to develop towards one purpose.

So in a family, there is a family law, which is established by the parents as the owners of the family, so if the children do not follow the direction set by the parents, there will be blame. Therefore, one must become a person according to what the parents have said and must have character. Thus, a child who becomes a person according to what the parents have said must not act separately from the parents; a child who has become according to the parents' words must become one with the parents. Then they must go together to where the parents want. It is the same principle.

In a company, if there is a president, there are regulations centered on that president, and those regulations present the direction, path, and content that the company must follow. Then the employees of that company must become one with that content. They must not be different. By becoming one, what must they do? They must go together towards the place the president desires.

Our Unification Church is the same. If Reverend Moon established the Unification Church, there are regulations that center on the path Reverend Moon takes and the purpose Reverend Moon aims for. There are laws. What must you do here? When the teacher speaks, you must become one with the words, no matter what. You must become a person according to the words. That is the assertion. By becoming one, you must aim for the purpose...
is to move forward. It's the same for everything. Is that right? "Yes." 

From this perspective, what is the path that life should take? It is to become a true person. How can one become a true person? One must find a way to unite with the true words; this is the conclusion we come to. True laws, the true norms that humanity must follow, all follow the same principle. Everything culminates in the true words.

So what are the true words? What do they contain? They encompass the contents of the individual, the family, society, the nation, the world, and if there is a heavenly realm, the contents of that realm, and if there is God, the contents of God as well. We can conclude that there must be some law that teaches this direct, unilateral path, protects it, and guides us along it. If God exists, we must reach Him, and if He has a heart, there must be a law that connects us to that heart; we can find this theoretical result here.

What must we do beyond that law? If there is a lawmaker, we must become one with that subject. What must we do to become one with the subject? We must achieve complete unity through a love that cannot be separated, so that wherever that person goes, I can go, and wherever that person is, I can be. We must reach a result where what that person possesses becomes mine as well. That is the goal. Is there any disagreement here? "No." 

To be a person who can guide others, one must experience everything. So where are you, members of the Unification Church, headed? You have come to the Unification Church. Where is the Unification Church going? If the Unification Church is going to a certain country, say Korea, and I say, "Let's go to Reverend Moon's homeland, Korea," that cannot be the true path. That is merely a path to Korea. If we reach Korea and find no further path, we must return. What then? It is worse than not having gone at all. Even animals do not do such things. Even a kitten would not do that.

Right now, in America, they fear me. The State Department fears Reverend Moon. "Wow! That person has been a problem for three years all over the world. What will happen after three years when he has hands and feet?" They think like this. (Laughter) While you may be pleased, those who oppose us are thinking this way. (Making a facial expression)

After the Washington conference, everyone asks, including media organizations, politicians, business people, and religious figures, "What will Reverend Moon do after the Washington conference?" (Laughing) If there is nowhere to go after the Washington conference, then that is the end.

Reverend Moon is not someone who wants to become the president of the United States or a senator. I am not someone who envies such positions. I am someone who wants to educate those people. Therefore, if they are wrong, I must advise them that they are wrong, and if something did not work out, I must advise them that it did not work out. Do you all want that? "Yes." If you want that, then you must also become that way. Is that right? "Yes."

So we gather at dawn, engage in fundraising, and raise social issues. In order to become a person who can guide such individuals in the future, one must confront all kinds of problems in various fields. That is practice, practice. The most important thing for a person is to experience hunger; one must practice not eating. So, did you all fast for a week? "Yes." Where? Raise your hand. Put it down. At that time, did you realize how precious a piece of bread is, or not? "I realized." (Laughter) Did you really realize? "Yes."

Everyone, that toast, what is it? Crunchy bread! (Laughter) If you are told to eat that until you are full, you would say, "Thank you, God." (Laughter) Even if there are pictures of your beloved in your room or famous world masterpieces, do you see those, or do you see the flies buzzing around the bread? What do you see? (Laughter) Seeing you laugh shows that we connect. Only we can connect. Those who have not experienced this cannot connect. No matter how much they laugh, it is fake. We must unite in that. We are united, right? You know that, right? "Yes."

Then what is the most painful place for a person? It is prison, prison. If you go to prison and there is a time for release, those who have not experienced that do not know how long that time is awaited. No matter how much you talk, you do not know. You absolutely do not know. To put it simply, if a truly beloved person were in such a situation, they would not be able to live. You do not understand this, do you? What I am saying does not connect with you. You are not one with me. 

Therefore, you must experience everything. No matter how much you know or boast, the glamorous bragging of someone who has not personally experienced it cannot be trusted. It cannot be recognized one hundred percent. They cannot be seen as qualified. Speaking of the Unification Church, Reverend Moon has faced criticism from public opinion and media organizations for over thirty years. I have been at the forefront of this criticism. Everyone opposed me. A whole country opposed me, Asia opposed me, now America opposes me, and the whole world opposes me. I stand at the forefront of opposition.

The loneliness of someone who has faced opposition cannot be understood by someone who has not faced it. Every day, the New York Times and the Washington Post are trying to take down Reverend Moon. But I think like this: if you keep hitting, you will face opposition too. "Moonie," they say, and everywhere you go, you face opposition. (Laughter)

You must have the ability to digest and overcome persecution to succeed. You all think the Unification Church is true, right? "Yes." But your loving parents say, "You foolish child, you are wrong! What can you learn from Reverend Moon, who is from a country like Korea, which is like a trash can? What is that for a white person?" They say all sorts of things. They make up all sorts of stories, both true and false, trying to twist everything to make it sound right, turning even falsehoods into facts. As such issues arise, they all try to put a crown on Reverend Moon. Parents are trying to prove all those stories as facts, and the media is playing a game of hitting me.

Now, looking at it, the whole world is in turmoil, and the Unification Church is also shaking. It is the same. A typhoon is coming as we go. It is like navigating while a typhoon is approaching. Who is the captain of that ship? It is Reverend Moon. So what are you? "We are sailors." Yes, you are sailors who help the captain, carrying the burdens of the problem. That is the issue. (Laughter) It will be one or the other. (Laughing) Anyway, you do not like the wind blowing, do you? You do not like the ship shaking, do you? People on a ship hate the wind the most. Why do they hate it? Because life is at stake.

However, among the leaders of our Unification Church, there are some who think, "It seems the teacher likes to be opposed." They think that because they have experience and say, "This level is not a problem." They do not like it. You do not know anything, so even a little wind blows, and your eyes turn upside down, your ears do not hear, and your tongue gets twisted, causing a ruckus. (Laughter)

So we are on the same path. You have faced persecution, so you understand the teacher's situation. Those who have overcome persecution are real. If the mother and father of the family persecute, if the spouse and siblings persecute, if the teacher persecutes, if the neighborhood persecutes, and then if the nation and the world persecute... If there is someone who is persecuted not because of evil but because of truth, that person will become exceedingly strong. Do you understand this? "Yes."

Therefore, in Reverend Moon's terms, persecution is extremely good. I think so. Those who can digest that and make all that content their own, defending such issues and having the ability to overcome them can succeed even in such a world of persecution.

You must be able to continue this work on my behalf. When a person is serious, extraordinary strength and ability arise. When you stand in such a position, if you think for a moment, your antenna becomes very sensitive, and you can catch everything. Your current environment can be seen as one where you must find a path to life and death, surrounded on all sides. Whenever there is a gap, you must break through at maximum speed.

Sometimes, I think, when I went to Las Vegas with the Japanese members to see a show, I feel like a showman. Sometimes I think I am a showman. Who is behind that? God is behind it. I think God made a contract with me as a showman. (Laughter) The stage is America. I have stepped onto the American stage.

However, the entire environment is attacking Reverend Moon. How do we go through this? How do we proceed? From the president to elementary school students, everyone is asking, "What happened to Reverend Moon's show?" When I go to Washington, they say, "He went to Washington!" When I am in New York, they say, "He is in New York!" This follows me wherever I go. So the media... The Washington Post is busy too. (Laughter)

But now, they are playing the worst role. They think, "Reverend Moon is the worst!" They see me negatively. (Laughing) Even if you like an actor, when that person plays a villain in a movie and is chased, would you prefer to see them get shot and fall, or not fall? "It is better to fall." It is just like that. But later, if it turns out that he is not a bad person, and he wins, it will result in everyone being completely dumbfounded. Do you think that will happen? "Yes." (Applause) 

The whole world is opposing. America opposes, Korea opposes, Japan opposes, and even the most remote countries in Africa, including communists, all oppose. Everyone opposes.

As a showman, I have made a name for myself. (Laughing) So what are you? You are all fans who like Reverend Moon. (Cheers. Applause) Those fans are so-called Moonies. Are you Moonies? "Yes." So you are all interested in where Reverend Moon has gone, doing this and that... (Acting. Laughing) If you have money, you want to pay, trying to make a quick buck.

But what will happen if Reverend Moon dies? "....... What will happen?" What will happen? "Another Reverend Moon will..." Where is another Reverend Moon? (Laughing) That is the issue. Will this show continue, or will it stop? "It will continue." Who will do it? "We will." Women? Little women here? (Laughing) So, do you want to do it? "Yes." Do you want to do it? (Speaking again to the men) "Yes." You say you will, but who will believe you? (Laughing) Who will believe you? "God will..." (Laughing) There is no one to believe you.

If there is just one thing that can be believed... If Reverend Moon is running like this and there are people behind saying, "Let's go, let's go, let's go. Run, run, run." (Acting out pushing while speaking. Laughing) If there are people who keep pushing like that, what will happen? What do you think, everyone? If we are going somewhere, those who keep falling behind will be different from those who keep going ahead and waiting. They will definitely be the ones pushing. Is that right? "Yes." So, if the teacher dies, will you continue this show? "Yes." Let me see a show of hands from those who will. Wonderful! (Applause) If it becomes like this, the fight is already over.

Look. In Korea, the three sovereigns tried to take me down, and the established churches opposed me entirely, pushing me into all sorts of deadly paths, but I have triumphed there and have now risen to an equal or even higher standard. The same goes for Japan. The Liberal Democratic Party of Japan hated me the most, but these days, they have become a party that listens to me well.

The Appeal of the Unification Church
Even in America, they are making a fuss, but just wait a few years. Just wait a few years. Think about it. When I landed in America, did I come to lose in this fight? "No." Then what did I come to do? "To win." If I win, the white people will all lose to me, and they will be ruled by the yellow race, right? "No." Then the white people would feel bad, right? "No." Why "No"? (Applause) In their hearts, they want to say "Yes," but they only say "No" with their mouths, right? "No." No! Isn't that true? That is a path to ruin. Those who assert that will perish. They will fall on the gallows. White people probably will not eat barley grown by black people. Is that so? "No." Such trivial thoughts should be swept away entirely.

So what is it that our Unification Church ultimately wants to do? After the Washington conference, where do we want to go? "Moscow!" It is not Moscow. Is it Masku or Masko? (Laughing) I mentioned before that Masko sounds like "must go" when said quickly. (Cheers. Applause) Look. If I say this in the Soviet Union or at the embassy, they will probably scoff, saying, "Reverend Moon... Moscow?" They will laugh and say, "You fool!" They will laugh, but I will take it. (Acting while speaking) Just wait, you fool! (Laughing)

When I first came to America and said I would give a lecture at Lincoln Center, they laughed at me. They laughed because I was an Asian. "People will not gather there. People will not come." They thought it was funny. Even our Unification Church members thought so, but the general public did not believe it. Then when I said I would hold a conference at Carnegie Hall, they called me crazy. They said I was insane. After that, Madison Square Garden? They really thought I was completely out of my mind. They thought I was truly insane. (Laughing)

In our church, we held a conference on September 18, 1974, and on the 17th, we had a banquet. When we gathered 3,700 of the most prominent people in New York for the banquet, no one came. The Hilton Hotel even said they would pay me not to hold it. At that time, Walter Cronkite's subordinate from CBS came out and said I was a very mysterious figure, and he came to meet me and asked, "Are you confident?" I said I was confident and told him to wait and see the next day. He thought it was strange, saying "Uh..." but that was just yesterday. It feels like just yesterday. I completely turned it around. (Cheers. Applause)

Even this Yankee Stadium conference, if it hadn't rained, there would have been a problem.
It's a mess. It was bound to happen. I thought there would be a crush incident. I think it was good that it rained. If there had been a crush incident there, how much would Reverend Moon have been beaten? (Laughter) So, at the Washington Conference... Since the Yankee Stadium event didn't go as planned, I thought we had to come to Washington and completely break through. Originally, it was planned for 1977, in 1977.

But when they said they would hold the Washington Conference in just three and a half months, I thought any organization or person was out of their mind. That's the power of our Unification Church. Our Unification Church members are people who are attracted to such things. Right? (Laughter, applause) Look. We didn't even do 60 days at that time. We worked for 40 days, for 40 days. We planned to have 300,000 people, but after three weeks, after 21 days of activities, we received a report that 8,000 people would attend. (While writing on the board) After 21 days... (Laughter) So, the leaders were all in a panic, in a panic... (Laughter) The teacher said, "The Washington Conference will be overflowing. No doubt about it."

Now, Reverend Moon is risking the fate of the Unification Church in America, where all the enemies are trying to put out the fire, and it seems like he's in hell, but I know for sure that success is inevitable. How do I know that? Even if there are no people in the Unification Church, I know that the spiritual world is cooperating, the spiritual world. (Laughter) That's the strategy I devised. The teacher goes to the conference and first does that performance. That cannot be done by human power. Absolutely impossible. So, in the end, did the conference succeed or not? "It succeeded." That's how it is. It's because of that fun that Reverend Moon is still alive.

The reason the Unification Church was able to lay a global foundation
Even though all the media, from the Washington Post to every media outlet, criticized it, even though they opposed it, it succeeded. If America and the free world welcomed Reverend Moon, Moscow would be the problem, right? Within three years, it would all break through. Just leave it to me. Do you believe that? "I believe." How do you know? "From what has been done so far..." Just from what has been done so far? That's not even a problem.

So, Reverend Moon is indeed a capable person. This is not my bragging; he is a capable person. Where does that ability come from? I have done everything. I have even played the beggar's game, even the beggar's game. I have been a worker and have done all sorts of things. I have worked in factories... I built all the factories myself. I laid the global foundation of the Unification Church with my own hands.

Also, in terms of theory... I am someone who loves theory. I studied science. Moreover, I am someone who has taken more risks than anyone else to explore the spiritual world. On average, I slept only one-third of what a normal person would sleep. In terms of food, I probably ate only half. There was absolutely no time for play. Absolutely none. These days, I might go sightseeing, but that was out of the question back then.

Also, the teacher has even experienced gambling in a gambling house. I have thoroughly traversed the depths of this evil world. I can make a prostitute cry within 30 minutes if I hold her and talk to her. I am someone who knows that world. When I go to the countryside, I am a farmer. There is nothing I cannot do. I have the ability to sit down and talk to a farmer and move him. I have experienced working in factories. I have done business. I have done everything.

Today, the reason you, the members of the Unification Church, can carry out this massive activity that the huge America is concerned about with nothing but your bare hands is because I have a history of planning and receiving organizational training that can demonstrate such abilities in the past. That is why I was able to control you without any problems and lead you in that direction. When I face scholars, I engage in theoretical battles. I am not someone who intends to lose. I am someone who does not lose to any religious leader or anyone in the spiritual world.

So, at the scientist conference, everyone laughed at first. They all said, "Why is the teacher spending money on those people? Why is he doing that?" They all said that. It is a scientific and natural phenomenon that if there is no motivation, results will never appear. You learned a lot after coming into the Unification Church, right? "Yes." You learned a lot.

The path you are taking, shedding tears and fundraising, is the path I have walked. It is the game I played. You must understand this. The path of persecution you are undergoing is the path I have walked. I have walked the path of persecution. Why must you go through that? To unite with the path I advocate and the words I speak, you must follow the path I take. Therefore, it is only natural that you suffer the same hardships as I do. It is a natural principle.

The more you push people out... The white people push out, the black people push out, and the yellow people push out, the people who are pushed out can only gather in one place. Then what will happen there? They will either die, disperse, or leave; there are only three options. So, what will it be? Can you disperse? "No." Then, even if you die, you will fight and die, or leave and die; you won't just die without a fight. Why? Because we know we stand for justice.

The teacher has been persecuted until now, but I think of that persecution as just like the wind blowing. Just like a neighborhood fly can come into our house and do all sorts of things but cannot do anything, I think of it that way. (Laughter) Are you like that? "Yes." Even if there is opposition, my path is busy. Because my path is busy, I am stimulated and go day and night without resting.

Preparing for the Unification Church to go to the world of God
So, why must we go that way? Why must it be like that? It is because I know there is one person who likes such things, and I know there is one person who walks that path. Who is that person? It is God. God has been opposed by humanity for thousands of years, and nowadays people say God is dead, and even if communists cut off the heads of Christians and believers, God remains silent, so it may seem like God is powerless, right?

What does God think about that? If He cuts off all those people, the conclusion is that He must eliminate all of humanity. The day God touches such people, Satan will all come in. "That person is not perfect on the side of heaven." They will all come in. So, God, who cannot kill even one person, wants to establish only one person whom He can love and be proud of. (While writing on the board) Then it is possible to find that person. What is that? It is the Messiah. Because past humans were accused by Satan, God wants one person through past, present, and future who cannot be accused by this Satanic world, someone who has stepped over all the evil environments of this Satanic world, a victorious person. He wants that one person. This is a global and historical figure.

So, the Unification Church is preparing to go to the world of God with that person. That is why what the Unification Church teaches is the same as the path God is taking. The path the returning Lord takes is the same, and then the path the Unification Church takes is the same. (While writing on the board) Our Unification Church is going this way, and they (God and the returning Lord) are currently working in the national era, and if we stand in the global providential era and pave the way for the world, God and the returning Lord will follow this path. I know this. (While writing on the board)

The qualifications of the Messiah and that ideology
So, the Unification Church teaches clearly. It teaches what kind of path God must take personally and what kind of path the Messiah will come and teach. This is what the Unification Church aims for. Next, it teaches what must be done at the family level. The family goes this way... Then it teaches what the Unification Church, with its future global social character, must do in the world, what kind of world the Unification Church must go to, and what kind of heavenly kingdom it must go to. Thus, everything must be connected to the path God takes in a straight line. It cannot be crooked.

The path of the individual cannot connect here to the family. The tribe cannot connect here. The nation cannot connect here. The world cannot connect here. It cannot be like that. It must connect from here to here. (While writing on the board) We are aiming for that. That is different. That is different from ordinary people.

So, how many stages must we go through? One stage, two stages, three stages, four stages, five stages, six stages, and even transcend to the spiritual world, and at the eighth stage, we will meet God. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, (while writing on the board) this is all in a straight line. A person who has not won personally has no way to go to the family.

The world does not know that. 
That is why the question is whether you pass personally or not. So, you must fight here. From now on, it is judgment, judgment. Who conducts the test? The world of Satan conducts it. Satan becomes the prosecutor. You must know that. God is the judge, and then Jesus is the lawyer, and Satan is the prosecutor. We humans are sinners. (While writing on the board) This cosmic court is waiting for all of you in the audience. It must be so, right? If you live in a family, there is family judgment; if you live in a neighborhood, there is neighborhood judgment; if you live in society, there is social judgment; if you live in a country, there is national judgment. Everything is like that. 

Then, if there is a cosmic central being, God, it is a very theoretical conclusion that there is a great court before God. 
So, in the Unification Church, it is said that there is a law of indemnity, a law of indemnity. Well, there is a law, right? If you do something wrong, you bear a certain punishment; if you do something else wrong, you bear another punishment... Humanity knows how much punishment must be borne for the sins and wrongs committed throughout their lives in this universe. Do you understand that? "Yes."

Then what is the existence of the Messiah? The Messiah is the one who carries all the burdens instead of me and liberates me. He is the Savior. That is what the Savior is. Therefore, if I take responsibility for and sacrifice for the sins of an individual, I become a saint for that individual. I know all that. Also, when I take the risk of sacrificing for the family, I become the owner of the family and the Savior. If such a person exists, there is no way to govern based on family law. At the same time, the family members must praise him. Is that right? "Yes."

It is the same principle. A person who sacrifices for the Unification Church, for the entire Unification Church, cannot be governed by the laws of the Unification Church, and the Unification Church must praise that person. This theory is established here. They are praised. Is that right? "Yes." Such a person will be praised wherever they go in the Unification Church. No matter where they go, whether to a newspaper office, a factory, or anywhere, whether to a New Hope Singers performance or a New York City Symphony Orchestra performance, everyone will praise them. When they come to the teacher's room in New York, even the teacher will honor them. Is it true? "Yes."

Then, if I say that I will take responsibility for all the bad things in America, centered on America, and that I will sacrifice and take responsibility, what will happen? The laws of America cannot judge me. Is that so? "Yes." If I raise the level further and say before God, "I will take responsibility for all the bad things of the universe's past, present, and future," then you must understand that person is a qualified Messiah. Do you think so? "Yes."

What kind of person is that Messiah? He must be someone who comes from that perspective. Therefore, the ideology of the Messiah is concluded to be the ideology of liberating hell and liberating all humanity. Furthermore, it must be the ideology of liberating even God. (While writing on the board)

So, if that exists, can God, no matter how good a judge He is, judge the wicked? "No." Would God think, "I am the judge of the universe, but I don't want the name of a judge who cannot judge at all. I must judge at least once"? Would He think that? Would He? Even if He cannot judge once, He can break down the courtroom and chase away all the judges and prosecutors, and that is not a sin.

In that sense, we can understand that Jesus could overturn the Jerusalem temple and drive out the sheep, cattle, and doves. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." No matter how many laws there are in America, no matter how many laws there are in the world, even if all of them are ignored, it does not matter. It does not fall under God's law either... Do you think that is possible? "Yes."

You must become a person who is willing to take responsibility for all the evil and wrongs.
Will you be judged by God, or will you not be judged? "I will not be judged." Then what must you do? You must sacrifice your life and everything for that person. A person who carries this covenant is not afraid of God's judgment.

I gather the sons and daughters of white people, the sons and daughters of black people, and the sons and daughters of yellow people to create a person who can claim, centered on the past, present, and future of heaven and earth, "I will take responsibility for all the evil burdens and all the wrongs." This is Reverend Moon's claim, God's claim, Jesus Christ's claim, and the claim of the Unification Church. Can it be done?

In that sense, since the founding of America, there has been only one such distinguished guest, Reverend Moon. I think that as a Korean, I represent Korea and that America has indemnified Korea. I think I am repaying sincerely. More than the economic help given by the American people... Money can be earned in any amount. However, because I have done the work of saving the sons and daughters who are perishing and on the verge of death, I believe I am repaying the most precious thing to the American people.

Will you convert that into money? "No." I have not owed anything in America. Not a single thing. I have come here and am spending more money equivalent to tens of millions of dollars. You must understand that. Did you all buy this land, like Belvedere? I bought it, I did.
Why must it be so? Why must it be so? Because it is global. This country is a 
193 
global nation, and I want to guide the way to represent this country and to achieve a 
liberation centered on God from a position that represents the world. That is why the 
problem is significant.

I have nothing to be caught by the law since I came to America. I am a person who 
does not feel any guilt in my conscience. I am confident before God. With this mindset, 
I take responsibility for all past, present, and future wrongs, centered on the spiritual 
world beyond the world. So when Reverend Moon dies and goes to the spiritual world, 
he will become a lawyer. If there is a courtroom there, I think I will serve as a lawyer 
there. Satan is the prosecutor, and I am the lawyer. When will that day come? When 
will that day come? When will the day be that we expel the enemy Satan, who has 
slandered us globally, from heaven and earth? What year, what month, what day will it 
be?

So, I must go to Moscow. How about it? "It's a very big purpose." 
It's too big. Just hearing it feels too big. It's amazing. Did you ever dream of such 
things in the past? You just thought about living by receiving a salary, eating when 
hungry, and how to dress. So you are like animals, animals. How small is that? You 
are less than an ant. Less than an ant.

Our Unification Church ladies, would you like to have a husband like the teacher or a 
husband like an ant? "Like the teacher...." No! That's all a lie! (Laughter) It's a lie, 
isn't it? "It's true." To meet a person like a lion.... Do you have the qualifications to 
be such a counterpart? If a person who came into the Unification Church and couldn't 
even wear underwear wants to get married, let’s say she dresses up in a nice outfit, 
wears good shoes, carries a nice handbag, and wears glasses, and walks around freely 
while all the men drool and stare at her, let’s try to be that kind of woman! You will 
think like this. (Laughter) Don’t you want that? "No." (Laughter)

A husband like the teacher will make his wife suffer more, feed her less, and drag her 
around without sleep, talking about the world and everything. Is that good? (Laughter) 
Can you do that? Do you like that? "Yes." In the end, you will be fighting in the 
194 
judgment era and will want to die. Do you like that? "Yes." 

Even if Satan attacks, you must have the strength to defend yourself. 
The communists are making guns to attack our Unification Church, so I must make guns. 
That’s why I am making guns. I must make guns. Do you want to get hit and die? "No." 
God wants that, so go ahead and die! You all just sit there and wait to die! Is that what 
you want? (Laughter) God has been enduring until now because He cannot do that. I 
know everything well.

If the communists invade the world, I will become the commander and give orders. 
"Attention! Forward!" Where to? To the communists. I cannot trust the American 
military or the Department of Defense. Do you trust them? I think that when I give 
orders globally.... When the communist villains are rampaging, I must stop them with 
my own hands, with my own strength.

So, our young people must learn karate, taekwondo, and practice shooting. I can shoot 
well. To protect the kingdom of heaven and the people of heaven, to protect the ideals 
of heaven.... Satan always attacks when it becomes strong. Evil attacks when it thinks 
it is strong. That is the nature of Satan. But is it bad for us to do that? "No." Based 
on the decadent Christian love.... Love should be within the heavenly realm, not in 
Satan's realm. Should we love Satan? Is God like that? God is the same. When Satan 
attacks, God is God because He has the ability to defend.

The Unification Church must have the strength to defend against any evil that attacks, 
centered on our Unification thought in the future. Such strength is on the side of heaven. 
In that sense, you must understand that I am a progressive religious leader. Do you 
understand what I mean? "Yes." So, I stand in a position that transcends judgment.

195 
With such a mindset, whether I go to Germany or anywhere else, I will not be subject 
to the law, no matter how much that country opposes me or how much the world opposes 
me; God is on my side. Such a person will not perish. If the parents actively oppose, 
the child will come to Reverend Moon, who the parents oppose and see as an enemy, and 
support him.

Let’s see a show of hands among you whose parents oppose you. Wow! Good job! Well 
done, well done! No matter how much the parents insist, they will kneel before me before 
long. No matter how much all of America opposes, there will be a day when they kneel 
before Reverend Moon. If that doesn’t happen, Reverend Moon is a pitiful person. It is 
like sin. It is like evil. You must understand that the reason the Unification Church 
develops even while being opposed lies here.

So, I am stepping on the prosecutor and leaping over the judge's back. So where am I 
going? I am entering the palace of heaven. You must understand that. Do you know what 
I mean? "Yes." Those who have such a mindset and engage in such activities will not 
face God's judgment but will rather become God's judges who can carry out God's 
judgment. As long as sin remains in this world, such people will become responsible 
leaders who can carry out the judgment of this world.

Which person do you want to be, among these two types? Do you want to be a person 
who is judged, or do you want to be a person who is praised by God without being judged? 
"I want to be praised." Is that easy? It’s not easy, is it? "Yes." It’s hard. Do you 
like difficult paths? "Yes." Then you are crazy. (Laughter) But that’s good, that’s 
good. For those who go that way, there is no need for sin, no need for judgment, and no 
need for death. You must understand that.

No matter how much I think and think in my heart whether I am a bad person or a good 
person, I must be able to say, "I am a person who thinks of the right path. That’s right." 
As long as you have such a mindset, the conclusion is that America cannot perish. I 
have raised America like this for three and a half years while using an interpreter, and 
if you, a group that can speak in your mother tongue, spread across the nation, what 
will happen to America? It won’t take three years. 

196 
In three months, America will be completely turned upside down. 
If there are young people with such a mindset in America, we are the only ones. If 
there are young people with such a mindset in the world, we are the only ones. We may 
look ugly and shabby, but we are the only ones. Therefore, if God exists, the conclusion 
that we can only trust us comes automatically. There are historical saints of the past 
and righteous people of the present, and the conclusion that we can be the center of 
their wishes, the center of their hopes, and the ancestors of goodness for future 
descendants is valid and just.

Let’s step over God's judgment and become one with God. 
So wherever God goes, victory always accompanies it, and even though it seems like it 
will perish, it does not perish and wins. Even if it seems like the Unification Church 
will perish, it will not perish. Even if Reverend Moon seems to be exhausted, he does 
not get exhausted. So, are you happy people? "Yes." Will you also become such people? 
"Yes." If you have made such a resolution, heaven and earth will know, and all beings 
in the universe will recognize you. They are hoping for you.

That is why when you go, the universe is mobilized. Is that right? "Yes." Therefore, 
you must step over the judgment of the family, step over the judgment of the tribe, 
step over the judgment of America, step over the judgment of the world, and step over 
the judgment of God. And what will you do with that? You will become one with God. 
(Laughter. Applause) Let’s break down all the personal walls of humanity and even the 
familial walls. Let’s tear down all the walls that Satan has built and create a highway.

Now, the United States, the foothold of the democratic world, is being drawn to me. 
Make a way! I must go to the world. I am fighting such a fight now. Do you want that 
too? "Yes." Does it mean that white people are following Reverend Moon, who is of the 
yellow race? 
197 
Are they sending me to do well? The problem is significant. We have reached the last 
hill. The day we burst this will.... If we only burst the communist realm, there will 
be no one in heaven who can deal with us. No sovereign, no ideology can deal with us. 
Do you want to push it away once? "Yes." Like a flood, like a stream? "Like a flood." 
Then should I do it, or will you do it? "We will...." Go ahead, try it.

Now, when you think about that.... I am still confident. Even in the courtroom, I think, 
"These children, just wait and see!" I am not just a Korean. I am based on God. If I 
were a true Korean, I wouldn’t have to face opposition from the Korean government or 
the Korean people. I am not even an Asian. Asians oppose me. Even though I am in the 
white society, I am not white. I am a strange person, a strange person. (Laughter) 
I am an incomprehensible person, an incomprehensible person.

I thought I was a religious leader, but upon closer inspection, I am also good at 
business. I can make money well. I can also deal well with politicians. I handle them 
well. I seem ignorant, but scholars are also caught in my nose and are dragged around 
by me. (Laughter) I can even perform well in a play. I have many talents. (Laughter) 
I am a well-known person in the country as a teacher leading Sunday school. I have the 
ability to make children cry and laugh.

Now, there is nothing I cannot do. When I go to the sea, I become a fisherman, and 
when I go to the mountains, I become a hunter. If I were a woman, I would want to 
have a husband like the teacher and live once. (Laughter) If I were to ask Western girls, 
"Let’s get married," they would just dance and say yes, no matter how much white people 
oppose. That is for sure. (Laughter) If I asked you to raise your hands, everyone would 
do it. There is no need to ask. (Laughter)

So, is our mother happy or unhappy? "She is happy." It’s good, but there is one 
thing that is hard. It’s hard. Look. It’s already time to sleep at night, but even at 
two or three o'clock, she doesn’t sleep, doing something. But is that still good? 
"Yes." Then I will give you such husbands. I am making them like that now, so just 
wait a little. (Laughter) You all must definitely become like the teacher. Do you 
understand? "Yes!" (Laughter. Applause) 

Do not be afraid of God's judgment and advance with strength and courage. 
These days, the U.S. Department of Justice is investigating, and I say let them investigate. 
Once this is burst out, there will be no way for America to catch me. I know that if 
they try, they can create nonexistent crimes in the name of the country. Do you know 
that? "Yes." Did I teach you to rob? Have you ever heard me say to go to the bank and 
rob money because I need money? "No." There are still mafia groups left, so can we 
perish? If the FBI puts handcuffs on me and the CIA puts handcuffs on me, America 
will perish. It will perish.

The prison in America is a comfortable place for me now. I think of it as a resort. 
I have experienced a lot in prison since the Japanese occupation. I have been beaten a 
lot, fought for the country, and have experienced all sorts of slander until now. I am 
not a person who makes a big deal out of that. Do you want to go to prison once? "Yes." 
(Laughter) Not for committing a crime, but like the teacher, without committing a crime. 
That path is the path of heroes and the path of saints. You must understand that. 
If I go to prison, you will all run away, right? "No."

If I just give orders.... I am a person who can kill if I want to kill. I can cause 
the country to perish; I can blow up an embassy in an instant. I am a person who can 
do such things. I can do that, right? "Yes." But I cannot do that. So, even though I 
have such power, I cannot engage in such activities, and they come in looking down on 
the communists, which is unpleasant. You must understand that.

We must take responsibility for this world. You must understand that a person who 
says they will save them cannot do so. I have tried to teach the evil people, but my 
hands could not reach, so I need more time.... Even if I put all my sincerity into it, 
if they do not listen, I cannot do it without trying or educating them. Therefore, 
what do we have to fear as we go without fearing even God's judgment? We must advance 
with strength and courage.

From now on, whether the command is to advance toward Moscow or toward hell, I will 
not hesitate to go, and I will be a person who has confidence to cross over the 
judgment seat or a person who practices it. Those who swear at this time, let’s raise 
our hands before God! "Yes, sir!" Thank you! May God bless you! * 
8)
The 17th Children's Day Message
You all know that one of the important annual events of our Unification Church is 
Children's Day. Since it was proclaimed in 1961, today marks the 17th time, the 
sixteenth anniversary of Children's Day. Let’s see how many people are attending this 
ceremony for the first time. Raise your hands. Quite a few.

If humanity had achieved perfection, the day of God, parents, children, and all 
things would have been just one day. 
If the ancestors of humanity, Adam and Eve, had not fallen and had achieved perfection 
according to God's will, today, on this Children's Day, the day of parents, the day of 
all things, and the day of God would have been completed in just one day. Everything 
would end in one day. The entire created world would have been a truly happy day centered 
on God, and it would have been the day when the setting of love centered on God began.

The time that God rejoices, the day that is celebrated, would have been a day when 
even the angelic world and all created beings, including insects, could praise. If so, 
it would have been the starting point of joy, the starting point of happiness, and the 
starting point of ideals centered on love. However, due to the fall, this has turned 
into the opposite. 
It has been completely overturned.

As a result, there is no longer a day that God can rejoice. The day that could be 
celebrated as the parent of humanity, in other words, as the parent of humanity, has 
also disappeared. Additionally, the children cannot celebrate.
There are no longer any days to boast about. As a result, even all of creation, which was made because of humans, has entered into the realm of lamentation because the owner has become like that. This is the origin of the fall. We should see the beginning of the royal lineage centered on the King of glory and joy, yet instead, the royal lineage of Satan, the King of sorrow, has emerged.

For this reason, the original ideal of God's creation is centered on the kingdom of goodness, and the absolute God, in the position to realize that ideal, has begun the history of recreating and saving fallen humanity. Therefore, you are well aware that we have ascended from the era of servants through the era of adopted children to the era of children, the era of parents.

To become God's sons and daughters, one must go through the position of being adopted. No matter how much humans want to become God's sons and daughters, they cannot simply become so. Since they are born with the bloodline of Satan, there is no way to return to being God's sons and daughters without changing this bloodline. If you had been born without the fall, you would have become God's direct sons and daughters. However, because you were born as Satan's direct sons and daughters, your bloodline has changed. Therefore, one cannot simply return to the position of children before God. There can only be the name of an adopted child; an adopted child has a different bloodline.

So how does one become an adopted child? This is the problem. What is an adopted child? It must be better than a servant, better than a servant of God's side, and when looking at Satan's side, since Satan is the king of the evil world, it must be better than Satan as well. Why must it be so? Because Satan was originally an archangel, and since that archangel was a servant, no one who is not better than that servant can become an adopted child. This is principled.

And what must be done is to have the conviction to conquer this satanic world with one's own hands. Without that, one cannot become an adopted child. If there is a way to serve God, then a representative who can serve God better than anyone else in history must emerge to see the beginning of adoption. God must work hard to create this realm of adoption by mobilizing one nation through the long historical period and the vertical history.

Then what is the purpose of the adopted child coming forth? It is to inherit the rights of inheritance with God as the parent. Is there a need for an adopted child when there is already a son with God? No, there is a need for an adopted child because there is no son; if there were a son, there would be no need for an adopted child. The purpose of establishing that adopted child is to find the true son.

So what kind of adopted child should that be? Even if I receive God's inheritance, it should not be mine; it should be an adopted child who has the thought that it must be returned to God's original sons and daughters. Such an adopted child must be created. An adopted child must be willing to give their life, even if it means dying for the sons and daughters that God desires, and must always have the heart to prepare for the direct sons and daughters of God. Without establishing the name of an adopted child, one cannot relate to the son. An adopted child is born as an intermediate being, one step higher than an archangel.

Two thousand years ago, John the Baptist, who was the representative of the adopted child, was in this position. In order to align with this principled standard, God established a specific nation called Israel during the Old Testament era. In order to restore the standard that the archangel had failed, there had to be people, a lineage, and a religion that could fulfill the mission of the archangel on God's side, but since there were none, Judaism was established to represent that religion.

And thus, it was promised that the Messiah would be sent. Centered on the concept of the Messiah, education has been provided for 4,000 years up until now. Therefore, God had to prepare a special person who could completely unify the nation of Israel, gather the representative of the adopted child, and restore the son from the position of an adopted child by receiving all the inheritance of the archangel.

So what kind of person should that adopted child be? They must not be married. They must not be married. Why? Because God's direct sons and daughters have not been able to marry. This is why various religions today have celibate lifestyles, such as Catholic nuns and priests, who all live alone. It is because that foundation of the realm of adoption remains. However, they themselves do not know this. Do you understand the meaning of the statement that one must not be married to become an adopted child, in principle? Why? Because God's true sons and daughters have not yet married.

Then who is that representative among the Jews? It is John the Baptist. He abandoned the human world and the satanic world for 30 years, eating locusts and wild honey, and what did he do? He practiced celibacy. He had the mission to prepare the nation of Israel and the people of Israel to present them before God and to the Son, in a horizontal position. However, neither the nation of Israel, the Jews, nor John the Baptist himself had even dreamed of the existence of such a being with such a mission.

John the Baptist, representing the nation of Israel and Judaism, had the responsibility to gather everyone and lead them before the Messiah. Therefore, the rabbis and priests of Judaism should have followed John the Baptist. They had to serve John the Baptist as if he were God in order to be saved. There was no other way to be saved. Thus, when John the Baptist went and testified that Jesus was the beloved Son of God and the Messiah promised by God, everyone had to unite in that testimony.

Now, John the Baptist was alone, and Israel was a nation, but when the priests said, "What? Do you have a traditional foundation that you have built? So, John the Baptist, listen to me," it would lead to ruin. Moreover, if John the Baptist and Judaism and the nation of Israel united and saw that there was only one person named Jesus, a single young man, it would not work to say, "You have no foundation! So listen to me." Even if the Lord came today, alone as a young man, it would not work to say, "Oh, I am the Pope of the Catholic Church, and I cannot believe that young man, so we will investigate in our cardinal meeting and decide what to do." That would not work. Does the Messiah come because they sign? The Messiah comes because God signs. So, did you now clearly understand that John the Baptist was an adopted child? "Yes."

To become God's true sons and daughters, one must restore the bloodline. So how does one become a son of God? What is the difference between God's sons and adopted children? That is a big question. What is the difference? Do they have four eyes? Two noses? Are their ears flipped? (Laughter) What is different? They are the same. They both have two eyes; they are the same. There is no difference. How do we know we are true sons? That is the problem. Do you understand? An adopted child comes with the bloodline of the satanic world, but a true son must come with the bloodline of God. That is the difference. Only then does it align with the principle, right? "Yes."

When a baby is conceived, Satan claims it as his child because it is born within his bloodline. Therefore, it must be born in a position where Satan cannot claim it as his child, in a purified bloodline. Otherwise, the son of God cannot emerge. What about you? What are you? You have a different bloodline. The Bible has many parables of the true olive tree and the wild olive tree; you are the wild olive tree, and the new son to come is the true olive tree.

When looking at this world, everything born after the fall is a wild olive tree. There is nothing but wild olive trees. Originally, this is governed by Satan. Satan does as he pleases. Therefore, what does God do? Since God cannot freely act in the field of wild olive trees governed by Satan, He establishes religion to create a field of wild olive trees where He can act freely. This is the religious movement.

God cannot freely cut down the wild olive trees of Satan. Do you understand what I mean? Therefore, if God wants to cut, He can cut, and if He wants to uproot, He can uproot. He creates such a thing. (While writing on the board) If God has this, then as the field of wild olive trees expands and the religious realm can move globally, we can know that the end has come. When Jesus came, the time of the returning Lord would be such a time, and we see it this way. Once the true olive tree emerges, all the wild olive trees will be cut down. They will be grafted in. This is the restoration.

So, even though it is a historical age of the fall, we want to create a world filled with the original children of God who have not fallen, quickly growing after being grafted in. This is the providence of salvation. When they are grafted in, what will happen? Will they become wild olive trees or true olive trees? "True olive trees." Therefore, it means they can become the sons of God. Do you understand? "Yes." You must clearly understand why religion was established. If you do not know why religion came about until now... That will not do. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, the world is divided into two paths: the cultural world of the religious realm and another world. You must know that the end has come.

From now on, what you need to understand to know about this Children's Day is... So, has the son of God really come or not? Is Jesus the true son of God or a false one? We do not know. We do not know. How can we know? Even though Christian pastors are here, why is Jesus the Messiah? Why? Show us. Prove it. This is a big issue. He is not even as good as Buddha, not even as good as Confucius, not even as good as Muhammad... If you do not know this, it will not do.

Then what is different about the one who will become the Messiah? The bloodline is different. He came with the bloodline of God. You must clearly understand that he came with a different bloodline. Therefore, he is undoubtedly higher than Confucius... If Confucius could not come like that, if Buddha could not come like that, if Muhammad could not come like that, then he is higher than them.

Shall we talk about Rebecca, who had to indemnify the mistake of Eve? What time is it now? "It's 10:30..." So, let’s talk. How were fallen sons and daughters born? Here are Adam and Eve. (Writing on the board) Here is God... You all know about indemnity and restoration, right? To restore, the situation that was lost must be re-enacted as it was. Without that, restoration cannot happen; this is a principle.

When Eve fell, she became one with Satan. So, what kind of being did Eve become, and what position did she stand in? She stood in a position that denied God and denied her husband. Women, beware. Therefore, in returning, the man cannot return first. To indemnify this event, there must be a woman who opposes the father of the satanic world and the husband of the satanic world. Without such a woman, it has been concluded that one cannot return.

Based on this formula, religion develops. You must understand that the original religion is not a religion of men, but a religion of brides. Therefore, whenever women engage in religious life, men are always opposed. Whenever women seek God, Satan opposes them, and men are bound to oppose them; you must understand this. Why? To indemnify and restore. Do you understand? "Yes."

So when did God finally begin to restore everything that was divided in His will? After 2,000 years following Adam, this began in the time of Isaac, centered on Rebecca, the mother of Esau and Jacob. You see, Jacob's mother played a cunning game. It was an unforgivable game. So, what position does Rebecca hold? She takes the place of Eve. She played that game from the position that replaced Eve in the fallen world. Without this, restoration would not happen.

To return to God... Since Satan is in the position of the father and Isaac is in the position of the husband, this must be reversed. It must be restored from the position of Eve. "Is it Isaac?" (Interpreter) (Pointing to what he wrote) This is Isaac's position, and this is Esau's position. From the position of Eve, the father and son must be deceived. The child must deceive Adam. Representing Satan's side, Isaac stands in the position of the father, and Esau stands in the position of the son. Here, the father is instead of God... Esau has become the son.

Why is that? Because the relationship between father and son is vertical. When viewed centered on God, God is in a vertical relationship with Adam. This vertical relationship is a father-son relationship. It stands in a vertical position. Why can it be the same position? Because the father-son relationship is vertical. The same goes for Jacob and Esau. (Pointing to what he wrote) In this relationship, just as Eve betrayed God and Adam, in the satanic world, by betraying the father (Isaac) and the child (Esau), restoration happens. This aligns with the principle. (The recording momentarily cuts out) You must understand that the firstborn son is on Cain's side, and the second son is on Abel's side. Originally, it was to restore through Cain and Abel. (While writing) They were trying to switch places. The younger brother must rise to the position of the elder brother, and the elder brother must descend to the position of the younger brother.

Why? Because from God's perspective, the firstborn son is originally God's son, not the son of Satan. Therefore, they are playing a game of switching places. This is how it is switched. It must be turned upside down. Therefore, the sons and daughters of the satanic world are the firstborn sons and daughters, while the sons and daughters of the new world are the secondborn sons and daughters. Thus, it concludes that the Messiah comes through the bloodline of God through the second-born son. This is the reason the Bible blesses the second son. Even in Egypt, the firstborn was struck down, but the secondborn was left behind. God can come to the secondborn. When Jacob blessed, he also reversed Ephraim and Manasseh. Do you understand? "Yes."

Therefore, what should Rebecca have done? She should have indemnified all the mistakes of Eve. Thus, it has been concluded that she must deceive the father and deceive Esau, who is in the position of the son. In the time of the fall, it was the opposite. Eve deceived God and Adam, but here, it is to deceive the father and son of the satanic side for the sake of God. It is the reverse restoration.

Jacob was the first initiator who could pave the way for God in this world, thus overturning the situation centered on Esau and Jacob, centered on the twin sons.
it is. It is taking away the blessing. The older brother becomes the younger brother. In the Bible, when the two children struggled in the womb, Rebekah prayed to God, saying that the children were fighting in her womb. Then God said, "Two nations are in your womb. The older will serve the younger." (Genesis 25:23) Don't do that. (Pointing to the board) This is where the exchange must happen. Jacob and Esau are fighting in one womb. They are fighting centered around the twins in the womb. Here, the brothers came out separately, but here they are fighting as twin brothers. The younger is the younger, and the older is the older, but they are twins. They are different. (Pointing to what is written on the board and explaining)

In the end, they are born and fight among brothers. Ultimately, this is where the exchange begins. Because of this, from God's perspective, it is theoretically established that the blessing of the firstborn of Esau must be turned to Jacob. So Rebekah deceived her husband and Esau, setting Jacob on God's side. What this means is that she raised a man for the future on God's side. She created a man. Since there was no man on God's side, this laid the foundation for him to finally become a son of heaven. Here, the history of Cain and Abel was completely determined. The substantial distinction between the firstborn and the second born occurred here.

Why is that? Because the fallen was indemnified. Because it was indemnified, Satan cannot cross over within that indemnification. This is where the name Israel, the chosen people, began. The blessing was taken away. The birthright was taken away. Such a game cannot exist. Without understanding this principle, there is no way to unravel God's providence, which blessed Jacob in the Bible.

When we look at Rebekah and Jacob here, both are deceivers. They are deceivers. They colluded... But if they don't play this game, there is no way to return. They cannot find a way back. Do you understand? "Yes." Can they return to God's side or not? In this way, Jacob became the first pioneer who could lay the groundwork for God to establish a foothold in this world.

So where does Jacob go? He runs away. He separates. He separates from Rebekah. He comes here (to his uncle's house) and suffers for 21 years. (Pointing to what is written on the board and explaining) And here, Isaac and Rebekah live like this. What Rebekah must do there is to restore all of this. That must be done. Since Jacob and Rebekah deceived the father and Esau, Rebekah must also pacify all the jealousy and attempts to kill. Eve must do it. Because Eve sowed sin...

While Rebekah was doing such a thing, did she contact Jacob or not? Think about it. She must have contacted him, right? Centering on her family, she had to adjust this situation. In the meantime, Jacob was there for 21 years... This is the world of Satan, the world of Satan. And he was used ten times.

What did Jacob do there for 21 years? He established a new family. He established a new family. Interestingly, at first, he was supposed to work for seven years to marry Rachel, but he ended up marrying the eldest daughter Leah. You know that, right? Why did that happen? His uncle was also on Satan's side. It was a scheme of Satan. If Jacob were to get the wife he liked, the bloodline of the Satanic world would be completely blocked, so Satan thought about how to insert his own bloodline here.

So Laban married Leah instead of Rachel. By marrying like that, Jacob becomes one who marries according to Satan's will. That would be a big problem. Do you understand? So he worked for another seven years to take Rachel and established the original standard. From here, the twelve tribes of Israel were divided into ten tribes and two tribes, Judah and Israel. Such events arose from the bloodlines of these two mothers. Here, Jacob gave birth to sons and daughters, and finally... While Jacob was alive, it was fine. In this way, where must he go now? He must return to his hometown. He must go to his mother, to his mother. He must come in here and sort all of this out. If he doesn't sort it out, another fight will break out. Before coming here, he also fought by the Jabbok River.

Now, this is the individual age, but he must enter with a family. It is a family. (While pointing to what is written on the board) Here, he has a family and confronts Esau. In this way, now from the age of individual confrontation to family confrontation, he became one spiritually and physically centered around Esau, who is on Satan's side. Centered on God, Jacob and Esau became one.

Who tested Jacob, the son of God, first? It was Satan, so "Satan, you attack, attack spiritually." That was the instruction. Thus, the attacks of angels and the actual angelic side, Esau's attack, were waiting. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." So he sent an angel, representing the fallen angel... If he is not better than the angels of heaven, he cannot be a son of God, so he strikes by representing the angels. So he said, "Strike!" and Jacob wrestled by the Jabbok River.

At that time, Jacob understood. "This angel blocking my path is the one trying to ruin my 21 years of suffering." He thought like this. And "The God who blessed me when Laban deceived me ten times cannot abandon me. No matter how much you oppose, you will submit to me." He had this conviction. You must understand that God trained him ten times to instill this conviction. The conviction that God protects... To have the belief that He protects even in this situation... So Jacob said, "Angel, you will also lose to me. I cannot lose to you because I am like God." Thus, he fought to the death.

So you must know that he became the first ancestor in history who fought against an angel and won. He is the first man, the first man. Do you understand? "Yes." Even as his hip was broken... Because he knew that, he said he would not let go of this even if he died. So God blessed him. Thus, he became someone who could dominate the spiritual world and laid the foundation to subjugate the world of Satan, which is the elder brother in the spiritual angelic world. This became the condition to win, the condition to win. Having won like this, he received the name Israel, which means he has won. This is the first time the word victory came out. Thus, he was able to inherit the entire world of Satan.

Because of this, the path that Israel takes, the path that Jacob takes, is always supported by the spiritual world. The entire spiritual world supports it. This is the conclusion that comes out. So having won, he then meets Esau. The confrontation between Jacob and Esau remains. Because he has the condition to win spiritually and physically, God is at ease, and Jacob is at ease as he meets Esau. Thus, Satan cannot act. Satan cannot act against Esau.

So what does Jacob do? Just like the Christians today who make offerings, he says that all the wealth he has gained through 21 years of hard work belongs to Esau. He gives all the external things. Because he says it all belongs to Esau, the enemy who took away his birthright for 21 years, he was moved by giving all these external things.

From that, Esau is a realist. He doesn't care about God or anything else; he just wants to be full by hunting. (Laughter) In this way, the returning younger brother Jacob was welcomed. Here, the world was turned upside down. It was completely turned upside down. (Laughter. Applause) The two became one... Because they deceived the birthright, the father and mother became enemies, but since Esau and Jacob were all good, the mother and father were also good. And since the mother and father were all good, God was also pleased. (Laughter) Thus, they became one as a family, and Jacob became the center.

Such events are unknown to the Jewish people and Christian pastors. But you all know. So, who wins, the one who does not know or the one who knows? "The one who knows." Ultimately, the conclusion is that God is with the Unification Church members. Do you understand? "Yes." Thus, the family Israel rights were born, the family Israel rights. Do you understand? "Yes."

The restoration of the birthright from the elder brother Esau was made at what position? It was restored after growing up. It was restored in the 40s. So originally, it should have started from the baby, but that did not happen, so there is still the distance from the mother's womb. Therefore, Satan can always enter in this gap. What that means is that behind the history of the nation of Israel, and on the path ahead, Satan can always come and invade.

Therefore, the family of Israel had to block this gap. They had that responsibility. So centered on Jacob's son Judah, they had to fight again in the womb. They had to do the body movement through the womb struggle with the twins.

The Bible says that the Messiah will come through the tribe of Judah, but they did not know why the Messiah comes through the tribe of Judah. I will now explain that. You must understand that it is because there was a settlement of the process of indemnification and restoration through the tribe of Judah. Is that okay? "Yes."

The family of Judah must again fight the same fight that Rebekah and Jacob had with Esau. You see, there is a woman named Tamar among the daughters-in-law of Judah. Tamar appears in the Gospel of Matthew, Tamar. This is quite interesting. What it means is that she must deceive her father-in-law Judah and deceive her son. Originally, since Tamar's husband died, according to the tradition of Israel, she should have obtained the younger brother, but all the brothers did not want to and died. And the remaining third brother was supposed to be her partner, but he was still young. So she thought it was impossible to continue the lineage.

In her time, she hoped to continue the bloodline of God through herself, but since it was impossible with the newborn third brother... Tamar was a woman who tried to leave a bloodline by deceiving her father-in-law and having relations with him. She is just like Rebekah. She is someone who wants to inherit God's bloodline, God's tradition, and matches Rebekah's ideology, matching Eve's ideology.

She also hoped to receive God's blessing by continuing Jacob's lineage. She wanted the bloodline that received God's blessing... So disguised as a prostitute, she waited along the road where her father-in-law was going to farm, lured him, and had relations with him to become pregnant. She became pregnant. This is quite strange. This is the Bible. This is the Bible. Would the people of the world believe this? Since Reverend Moon has come out, all of this is resolved.

So who did Tamar deceive? She deceived her son and deceived her father, which perfectly matches what Eve did. So what did she do? Rebekah gave birth to Jacob and raised him to go to God's side, but Jacob later separated. However, what did Tamar do? She had a son on God's side from the womb. They are different. You must understand this.

She had something like Cain and Abel in the womb, something like Esau and Jacob in the womb. If this is restored only in the womb, it concludes that Satan cannot accuse the children in that womb. Thus, the universe will turn around.

In this way, after ten months in the womb, what happens? Ultimately, the two babies in the womb fight. The firstborn tried to come out first. So the hand came out first. The midwife tied a scarlet thread around it, which symbolizes that communism will come in the end. The firstborn, Zerah, tried to come out first, but Perez pushed him aside and came out first. (Laughter. Applause)

Thus, because everything was settled from the womb, from that time on, the children born through the womb of the Israelite women who inherited the traditional ideology could not be accused by Satan. Therefore, through the tribe of Judah, the children born who inherit the tradition become children from the womb who have no conditions for Satan to accuse them. Thus, we can clarify the historical fact that the Messiah can come through the tribe of Judah.

Now you understand, right? "Yes." So even if the Messiah comes from the tribe of Judah, or even if the children of God come out, Satan cannot accuse them. Here, the traditional foundation for a child to come out through God's bloodline has been laid, and this logic theoretically establishes itself. Isn't that right? "That's right." How joyful is that? From that, you can see that the women worked hard, the women. (Applause) However, they have not yet received God's bloodline. They have not inherited God's bloodline.

Jesus born as a son of God who does not receive Satan's accusation
Now, because it was exchanged in the womb, it was changed, and after passing 2,000 years from here, Jesus came. The Messiah is born according to the bloodline of the tribe of Judah, but why does it take 2,000 years? Because by that time, the world of Satan already had a national foundation. The Israelites did not have a national form, so they could not indemnify the Cain and Abel standard against the nation of Satan. Therefore, it was concluded that they had to wait 2,000 years to hope for the formation of a nation. This point must be made clear. (Pointing to what is written on the board) This point is coming out like this. If they did not prepare for a decisive history to unfold 2,000 years later, they could not. That time is precisely when the Messiah appears.

The problem here is... Here, Eve must also do the work that she did in the world. Here, she won in a family way. She won in a tribal way. She won in three generations. Jacob, Judah, and Tamar won in three generations, and they historically unfolded the foundation of victory to turn it upside down on a national basis. So Jacob won personally, Jacob won in a family way, and Jacob won in a tribal way, but the stage to win nationally remains, so if they conduct a national subversion movement in front of the global opposing nations, they can now capture the nation. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Who is responsible for that work? The woman must take responsibility, the woman. Who is it? "Mary!" That's right. Mary must take responsibility, Mary. By the same principle, she must deceive her father and deceive her husband. Who is Mary's husband? "Joseph!" (While pointing to what is written on the board) She must deceive Joseph and her father. 

Why must this be done? When Eve fell, she... Adam is the husband, the husband. He is like the fiancé. She must be placed in the same position.
Go ahead. Joseph was placed in exactly the same position as him. He was in the same position as Adam and Eve. Just like back then, they were engaged. Since Satan took Eve away in the Garden of Eden, God can take Mary, who is on Satan's side, here.

When we look at Mary, she was in a relationship centered around Joseph, who would become her husband. Would her parents have welcomed the fact that Mary was pregnant with another man's child? Neither of them would welcome it. Anyway, Mary became pregnant. The Bible says that God conceived her.

So, is there anyone who can accuse the child born from Mary's womb? Is there anyone who can accuse her? Mary, like Rebecca, received God's blessing, and like Tamar, she thought that the Israelite nation must not perish, and she hoped more than anyone that the Messiah would come and fulfill a hopeful blessing for the future of the Israelite nation. We must understand that she was a wife who could cut ties with her parents and husband without any problems for that purpose.

Thus, the Son of God, who does not receive Satan's accusations, was born through Mary. The only person who has come to indemnify such historical twists is Jesus. Therefore, the conclusion is that only Jesus can be the Son of God. This is why the term "only begotten son" is established; it means a son who can take all of God's first love. Do you understand?

How historical is this scene regarding God's will and Jesus? It was a historical and tremendous blessing, a scene of happiness. This was the way for the Israelite nation to survive, and it was the way for Judaism to survive. It was a protagonist who could conquer the world. But they killed that protagonist. Through this historical process, even though Jesus was sent based on a providential indemnity path on such a historical foundation... Did they send him to be killed? Did they send him to die? It’s unbelievable. It’s astonishing.

People with such thoughts are now opposing the Unification Church. Can such a thing happen? They are saying shocking things, claiming that God’s most shocking sorrow became the motive for salvation. The moment Jesus was dying on the cross was an astonishing scene for God. When Jesus died, God had no choice but to be in a position of not knowing. That’s why Jesus said, “Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani (My God, my God, why have you forsaken me)?” He asked why he was forsaken. But what does forsaking mean? Jesus should not have died at that time.

Reverend Moon, who knows this serious historical secret, is being labeled as a heretic in the world of Christianity or the religious world for announcing this fact. It’s ridiculous. This is the same in America. These so-called Christian nations are making a fuss to oppose it. It’s an astonishing spectacle.

Now, from a principled perspective, should Mary live with Joseph or not? Think about it. "After the baby is born?" Exactly! She should not live with him. They don’t understand any of this. The Mary that the Catholic Church calls the Virgin Mary... We must understand that the Mary who lived with Joseph cannot be the Virgin Mary. We need to understand these principles to correct everything. Those who heard the words here today will think, "Oh, God's providence was like that." The Judaism of the Old Testament must uphold this meaning, and Christianity must correct itself again based on this logical principle.

Throughout the historical process, God has been alive and has worked to establish His will, yet up until now, they have all given up on it. They have given up because they did not know. Now we must raise this again and let people know that God has been alive in the historical process. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Through this history of struggle, Christianity has laid the foundation for the spiritual world. We must complete the fundamental restoration of Adam and Eve centered on spirit and body. From a spiritual perspective, Jesus is the husband, and the Holy Spirit is the wife. Believing and coming out based on this foundation of spiritual parents is what Christianity is now. Therefore, Christianity must abandon the world. Only spiritually... How about the Unification Church? The Unification Church is different. It is a new Christianity. We speak not only of the spiritual kingdom but also of the earthly kingdom. That is because it is God's original intention.

On this Children’s Day, let us become warriors who vow to march anew before God. Our Unification Church must carry out a movement to align the spiritual foundation we have developed centered on global Christianity with the physical foundation. Thus, we must recover God's Day, Parents' Day, Children's Day, and All Things Day, which Adam and Eve lost. This amazing historical fact that we have rediscovered God's Day, Parents' Day, Children's Day, and All Things Day through today's historical process is something that no one knows.

That is why our church has come to America, the global center, passing through Asia. Reverend Moon has become a problem in America. Did I succeed or fail when I came to America? "You succeeded." The judgment has already been made. No matter how great someone in the American church is, they must come to learn from Reverend Moon. They must learn. Everyone must learn the truth. If we teach that God is in history, in the times, and in the future, will young people leave the church? They will not leave. Yes, I will kick you out. Get out! "We won't leave." Why do the Christian pastors of the world not meet Reverend Moon, not read the Principle book, not study, and oppose him? Where are such lunatics? Such daytime lunatics are worse than nighttime lunatics. They are not nighttime lunatics; they are daytime lunatics. (Laughter)

So, the statement that only Jesus can be the Messiah is because Jesus came to purify the bloodline according to this bloodline foundation. This is a conclusion that is valid because neither Buddha, Confucius, nor Muhammad could do it, and thus the conclusion that only through Jesus can one go to heaven is a valid conclusion that cannot be denied. So, did you believe in Jesus well? "Yes." Then why did you come to the Unification Church instead of just believing in Jesus? The Unification Church is not a church of Jesus. (Laughter) If we talk about this, it will take a long time, so let’s talk about it later. "No, no." It will take three hours, three hours. (Applause)

Now, even if I die, know that God's will will conquer this world and more. I will go to the heavenly kingdom as a victorious son, not as a failure like Jesus.

So, since today is Children’s Day, let us bring the glory of children... Not only will I teach you the content that allows you to have the glory of children, but I also want you to know that the Unification Church is a place where you can command with dignity over adopted children and servants with the authority of children.

At this time when 200 years of American history is tilting, towards the tomorrow of America entering the 300s... We must enter the era of children after passing through the era of adopted children and roar in the world. This is the path that the Unification Church will take in the future. We must enter a new era after 200 years and into the 300s. That time will be your era, your era. It is not the era of established churches. It is our era.

We are in a new historical era... We have all newly gathered here in the second wave. We must understand that we are like the Pilgrim Fathers who gathered anew in the second wave. Therefore, we must have the belief that the new America is in our hands. Have confidence that America will be saved because of us. Christianity and we will become one. Christianity will inevitably become one with us. It will become one because there is no other way. We can save America and the world. Our capacity is more than enough.

In that sense, on this Children’s Day, we must become warriors who vow to march anew before God. You must be those who do not lose to Jesus and do not lose to the teacher. (Applause) Surely you will become such people? "Yes." * 
9)
The Harmony of Science and the Quest for Absolute Values
Respected Chairperson, distinguished scientists, professors, and scholars! I sincerely welcome all of you who are attending the 5th International Conference on Unified Science today. I am especially pleased to see those of you who have attended this conference repeatedly.

You have been discussing the issue of "absolute values" for many years, and this year you have gathered under the theme of "The Quest for Absolute Values."

To find absolute values, we must clarify the origin of the existence of humans and all things in the universe. The question arises whether the origin of the universe is from the existence (유) or from non-existence (무), but as you well know, both natural sciences and social sciences, philosophy, and religion do not explore the truth in the world of non-existence but seek to find some causal existence in the world of existence, and from there, seek the principles of existence and operation of all things, including humans. Ultimately, it is about clarifying the content of existence and establishing the reasons and values of all existence by creating relationships between existents.

If the minimum unit necessary for the formation of matter is an element, it is defined as existence (유), and the foundation of element formation cannot be non-existence (무) but must logically start from absolute existence (절대유). Modern science sees that even the minimum unit of matter, the atom, exists due to some fundamental force, leading to the conclusion that this force also originates from existence (유). Considering the vast universe magnified from the smallest point, and from the perspective that results arise from causes, we can understand that we humans are ultimately not causal existences but result existences, and thus there must be a causal existence. Correcting the illogicality of some scholars who claim that existence (유) arises from non-existence (무) and establishing a logical system that states that absolute existence (절대유) generates and develops into small existence (소유) and large existence (대유) is fundamentally scientific, as it connects the causes of all things and allows them to act organically.

From this perspective, the traditional theory of evolution must be re-examined. For evolution to occur, there must be action, and for action to occur, it must be through force. Therefore, can action give rise to a greater force? It is absolutely impossible for action to create a greater existence, as force is consumed through action. The principle is that force is consumed through action, and the question is whether it can evolve rather than degenerate, and whether it can have a directional tendency to develop into something more valuable and higher-dimensional.

The development of the universe due to corresponding and opposing actions
While it may seem like evolution at first glance, the explanation of mutations as described by De Vries in the stepwise creation process of the universe does not hold. For something to become more valuable and progressive, a third force must be applied; therefore, if all animals are not continuing to evolve today and if evolution has stopped in humans, it indicates that the ultimate purpose of the first causal existence that made humans a result must have been clearly directed toward humans. Here, we can first establish the logic that "the first causal existence existed beforehand."

Next, the question arises whether existence comes first in this universe or whether force comes first. No existence can survive and act without some force. There is a force that enables action within each individual existence and between existences. The question then becomes how this force arises.

For force to arise, there must be some subject and object beforehand; it cannot arise without them. In other words, the relationship between subject and object is a precondition. For example, even in an atom, there is a subject, the proton, and an object, the electron, which together enable action. Since the action of force begins with the purpose of unifying the subject and object, when we ask whether force comes first or the subject and object come first, it is undoubtedly the case that the subject and object come first, and the action of force is a process phenomenon aimed at the unification of the subject and object.

Because the action of force varies depending on the differences and weights of the subject-object relationship, whenever various forces act, their directionality and purpose will inevitably differ, leading to a diverse world of existences. Thus, the action of force between any subject and object also acts with directionality and purpose because the fundamental subject and object among the first causal existences act with directionality and purpose.

Now, an existence in which the subject and object are completely unified within the individual takes a subjective or objective position to establish a relationship with another existence, thereby developing into a being with greater directionality and purpose. The action of the subjective existence and the objective existence always develops into a greater existence through mutual exchange for some common benefit.

This vast universe is a joint purpose of subject and object, so it possesses a cosmic force that protects itself, while at the same time, it nurtures and protects those existences that are completely unified as subjects and objects. On the other hand, when there are existences that have not unified as subjects and objects and that infringe upon those that have, it acts to reject them. This is why the permanence of existence is possible. The force that assists in this is called corresponding action (상응작용), while the opposing force can be called opposing action (상극작용). It can also be referred to as action and reaction.

This applies to both the material world and the human world. When our mind and body are united, we feel joy because we are under the protection of the cosmic force that assists us. However, when the mind and body are not united, we feel pain and react against it. The pain caused by illness is the same. When the subjective elements and relative elements within the body are not harmoniously unified, we lose cosmic protective power, and as a result of that reaction, we feel pain, which is a great suffering. At this time, the medication prescribed by a doctor is aimed at quickly opening the way for the subject and object to harmoniously unify. This applies to individuals as well as families.

For example, before marriage, men may like other men and women may like other women, but after marriage, no one welcomes interference between the two. The family after marriage is where the subject and object are completely unified, and they feel happiness and satisfaction under the protection of cosmic power. However, if a second woman or a second man intervenes, there is a risk that the force that unites the couple will be destroyed, which leads to a reaction against it. This reaction is not necessarily bad; rather, it serves as a stimulus that encourages them to quickly go and unite with their subject or object to receive the protection of cosmic power and achieve permanence. In other words, it becomes a force that promotes completion.

Electrical action also works smoothly when the subject, the positive, and the object, the negative, unite, but positive repels positive and negative repels negative. Whenever any existence forms a relationship by finding a subject and object, the same law applies...
It is through this that one feels stability and joy.  
All beings reproduce in likeness to the First Cause.  
According to the logic described above, when a subject and an object become one through interaction, they enter into the cosmic realm of protection. Since every action we observe in the universe is a resultant action derived from the First Causal Being, it is a natural theory that there exists a causal entity at the center of it all. Just as children resemble their parents, the results resemble their causes, allowing us to identify the causal existence by observing all things.  
When we look at the seeds of all plants, we see that they contain two relative halves that, while being a complete unity, interact through the embryo within a single shell to reproduce life. Even when we look at an egg, there is an embryo between the yolk and the egg white, all enclosed within a single shell, forming a unity. The same applies to human embryos.  
All living beings, whether human or plant, reproduce in likeness to their causes when the subject and object become one through interaction, ultimately returning to the fundamental source. If all of this resembles the ultimate First Cause, then that First Causal Being must possess a subject-like quality as a fundamental form of complete unity with all existence.  
The Purpose of the Gradual Creation of the Universe  
So, what is the purpose of this gradual creation of all things in the universe? It is seen as having begun for the existence of human beings. In other words, humans can be regarded as the fruit and miniature model of all existence, embodying all elements of minerals, plants, and animals, making them the highest form of existence.  
However, since humans are ultimately resultant beings, it follows that there exists a First Causal Being from which they have emerged in likeness. That is, there must be an absolute subject that pertains to humanity, and since we are personal beings, that subject must also undoubtedly be a personal being. This First Causal Absolute is referred to as existence in philosophy and as God in religion.  
Today, due to theories such as evolution, material dialectics, epistemology, idealism, and materialism, the realm of thought in the world has fallen into contradictions and confusion, necessitating a re-examination to establish absolute truth, which is essential for the formation of an absolute value world. An absolute value existence is eternal, unchanging, and unique. Thus, what is the principle of eternity, unchangeability, and absoluteness in the universe? It concludes with the relationship between cause and effect, subject and object.  
Applying this to human society, the core lies in the relationships of parent and child and husband and wife. One is a vertical relationship of subject and object, while the other is a horizontal relationship of subject and object. Both exist in a higher dimensional relationship of subject and object, where the vertical union becomes a new subject and the horizontal union becomes a new object, entering a state of harmonious interaction, forming a unified, three-dimensional movement centered on love, which is the model of the ideal family, the basic unit of human society. In this sense, love must be recognized as the most valuable thing.  
The ultimate source of love does not begin with us humans but starts from the absolute unchanging causal subject. Therefore, the family centered on this love becomes the fundamental unit for the ideal realization of human society. From here, the ideal world of absolute value, where the love-filled unified realm expands into nations and the world, promising eternal happiness of absolute value, will surely come.  
I hope that this conference will greatly contribute to solving the various problems facing humanity today, correcting the future course, and achieving the common goal of "the pursuit of absolute value" through harmonious cooperation in academia, thereby constructing an ideal world of peace, happiness, and love for humanity. Thank you.  
Reflection  
All people who constitute the Unification Church, whether they are Koreans, Japanese, or from Western societies, in other words, all races have been mobilized and have been related to this until now.  
Reflecting on the past 36 years, I feel that the path of the will is difficult.  
Looking back now, sometimes, ten or twenty years ago, when I reflect on what remained in the teacher's mind, I realize that many different people came into contact with the teacher during the journey and then fell away, while a considerable number of those who reconnected were not only aware of Heaven's will but also received direct guidance from Heaven, swearing countless oaths and making numerous efforts, and these people come to mind now.  
The 36 years spent in this way is a long time if considered long, and a short time if considered short. Historically, it is a brief period, yet it is filled with unforgettable events, unforgettable people, and unforgettable human relationships, reminding me once again that the path of the will is truly difficult.  
When I think about this, what comes to mind now? When people who thought that they could not do without this will fall away, they do so thinking that there might be something new outside of this will. Most of those people left in pursuit of their dreams, believing they could realize them externally, but they find that they have not achieved those dreams.  
Among those people, there are young men and women who have betrayed the will in search of romantic relationships, and there are those who have done so to attend school or for their own success, and there are various types. Among them are older individuals, middle-aged individuals, and young individuals, and many of them now deeply regret their choices. They cannot forget the past and are filled with regret.  
Among them, there are even more miserable types of people, and I think we should reflect on this under the title of "Reflection." What kind of people are they?  
Those who have become the focus of everyone's attention, who remain in people's memories, and who have received praise from others saying, "I want to be like that person," are those who have stood in significant positions within the Unification Church, and they are miserable. They valued the will above all else and regarded it as the highest, sacrificing everything without hesitation. They abandoned everything without regret and were in a position where they felt happiness by sacrificing everything for that one will. When they turn back and face the world, they encounter the very things they had abandoned, and they cannot recover the feelings they had before they abandoned them.  
What do such people say? They thought there would be joy outside the Unification Church, and they believed there would be some hope for themselves, but the more they go out, the more despair they find. When they turn away and face the world, they find that what they hoped for is not greater than what they abandoned, and their thoughts grow stronger: "It was because of you that I abandoned the will." However, even if they have abandoned the will, they cannot completely sever ties with it. When they experience unspeakable pain and loneliness, they cannot help but struggle.  
Four Types of People Following the Will  
From such a perspective, how much do those who used to see the path of the will as ordinary long for it? You may not feel this. You are going through this now. There is such a difference. Those who are in such positions may find it difficult now, but no matter how difficult or miserable it is, they think, "How wonderful it would have been if I had continued to be there!" and their longing is incomparable to their current struggles.  
Thus, those who have fallen away from the path of the will gather together. The church keeps its doors open, inviting those who want to return. The teacher does not reprimand them when they come back, saying, "Oh, you have come back." Instead, he treats them naturally. However, they carry an indescribable shame or a sense of self-reproach and regret.  
Their thoughts, "The whole family must see me this way," confine them. They think, "The teacher must see me this way," and that thought confines them entirely. Even when treated sincerely, they do not feel that sincerity. No matter how much they are comforted, those words are temporary. They see the comfort as being given with the thought, "You are such a person." Even if they come back and do something for the will, people see them as someone who will fall away again. As time passes, with the emergence of 36 families and the lineage of blessed families, and as they age into their 20s and 30s, the Unification Church develops and lays a foundation, they see that it unfolds beyond their imagined ideals.  
When we think of such a past, we must recognize that we are in a position where we can leave such a past today. Because they encounter such environments, some say, "Rather than living in Korea or Japan, if there is a Unification Church abroad, I should believe there." However, it is not that America is different or Europe is different; the Unification Church is all under the teacher's guidance. Nowadays, Koreans are interacting and becoming a global church.  
When we see this, those who have believed in the Unification Church will feel that there is no place to find solace in their hearts, no matter where they go on Earth. This will also be true in the spirit world. The reason I am sharing this with you is that we must understand how much a single mistake in our lives can have a fatal impact. It is extremely difficult to escape from that environment.  
When you go to a place like prison, you can feel such things vividly. A person who intended to live rightly may end up in prison due to a chance encounter with the wrong friend or through some mistake. When one must live their whole life in prison, what thoughts occupy their mind? Whenever they have time, they think, "If only I hadn't done that back then, I would have achieved my dreams." It is very difficult to escape from that state. They think, "If I hadn't done this, I would have surely become a good person." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." We must recognize that such people exist. They are miserable people.  
Next, there are those who have been with the Unification Church for a long time, those who remain. They say they are following the path of the will, but what have they done over the past 10 or 20 years? The principles have presented that "the path to take is this way, this way," but there are those who have not practiced any of it and just followed along.  
What kind of people are they? The more they think about the past, the more they feel ashamed, especially as the years go by. They have become accustomed to just going back and forth, attending on Sundays without making any progress, merely existing in a state of stagnation. Because they have no experience of actively practicing for the will, they are indifferent to whether others think it is good or bad. After spending 10 years like this, they finally realize, "I am in such a position," and they feel ashamed.  
Then, what kind of people are there? There are those who stand at the forefront of the will and strive to do even more. Among people, there are those who boast about the achievements they have made while leading, and there are also those who feel that they still have a long way to go and feel ashamed of what they have done in the past, feeling embarrassed about what the will demands of them.  
When we consider these types of people, who will ultimately stand at the last front? Those who are willing to sacrifice their entire lives, realizing their shortcomings and feeling compelled to do more, are the ones who ultimately remain until the end.  
In this view, when we look at those who have betrayed the will and left, those who are in an intermediate position, those who have not yet separated from the world and are merely going back and forth like the world, those who, from the standpoint of the will, want to boast about even a little they have done, and those who, from a willful standpoint, do not examine themselves but feel their shortcomings even while sacrificing themselves, the ones who remain are the last type.  
What kind of person is this last type? What kind of thoughts does this type of person have? They understand what the path of restoration is. They think about how to walk the path of restoration. The path of restoration must go beyond the individual, beyond the family, beyond the tribe, beyond the nation, beyond the world, and ultimately reach before God. Therefore, they are those who feel compelled to strive harder as they progress.  
So, among such people, how can someone from Korea, for instance, transcend to a global level? They must think symbolically or concretely, saying, "The suffering I endure is not just for the Korean people, but I am suffering on behalf of all humanity." Such individuals put in a lot of effort.  
When we view this, it is the same today. Even among you, there are various thoughts and actions regarding the path of the will. Such phenomena will continue from now on. When we think about this, you must decide what kind of person you want to be. You must make this decision. You are currently in a position where you have not departed from this will, but in your heart, you have done various things. You may have come and gone in your heart, but if your body is still not in that position, you must realize that you are destined to make new decisions and move forward.  
One cannot boast of oneself without feeling the seriousness of the providence of restoration.  
Looking at your current state… In 1976, reflecting on our activities in the United States, from the Yankee Stadium event to the Washington event, we fought fiercely. This time, we have completed the scientists' conference. When I think about this experience, I feel that although I have said I would do it, it does not seem like there have been significant results.  
So, do you feel that the victory at the Washington event was absolutely necessary? "Yes." It is not easy to genuinely feel that it was a once-in-a-lifetime chance. More than anyone else…
People who are not risking their lives in that competition cannot feel it that way. Do you understand that? "Yes." If this fails, what happens? If this does not succeed, how much impact will it have, how much will it be fatal to oneself, and how much will it go against the providence of God? Have you realized that? "Yes." Well, you say "yes," but the degree of understanding is all different. (Laughter) If there are hundreds of people here, there are hundreds of levels of understanding.

When you look at it that way, if you know that this is a serious struggle that involves the universe, and if you fight with all your heart knowing what the consequences will be if you fail, then that is something to be proud of. So if you win, that is God's victory, as well as the victory of the Teacher, and undoubtedly my victory. That is a serious matter.

Can you stand before God and say, "I am a warrior who attended the Washington Conference. You need to recognize me"? "Yes." (Laughter) If God looks at the Washington Conference, it has historical significance, just as the Teacher said. But if there is a problem that causes a setback, how serious would it be for God to have to overcome this hurdle in the providence of restoration that has been going on for hundreds of thousands of years? The day you cross that boundary you longed to cross, the world changes.

There will be such moments, there must be such moments. If that moment were the Washington Conference, how serious would God have been? This is serious. And from the Teacher's perspective, when the Teacher knows God's will and risks his life to cross this ridge, how fearful and daunting that place must be. It must be so. Right? It must be. "Yes." If it is serious, then the Teacher must have been more serious than you. And God must have been more serious than the Teacher. From that standpoint, you are not as serious as God. You are not as serious as the Teacher.

When this result comes about, what do you have to boast about? Who do you want to boast to? Do you want to boast to your friends? Do you want to boast to your parents? Do you want to boast to the king of your country? Can you boast about that? God is standing in such a serious position, and can you not feel that seriousness and boast? Can you boast before the Teacher when you are not even as serious as the Teacher? "No." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Why am I saying this? What is your attitude like now after the Washington Conference? Are you trying to clash more, or are you just sitting there? (Mimicking. Laughter) Therefore, you need to understand that 1976 is both the most precious year and the most fearful year for our Unification Church. Now we are slowly crossing over this ridge. Do you want to go down like this? (Drawing on the board) "No." Then how do you want to go down? You have to go down. Which is better? Is this better, or is this better? (Pointing to the board) What will you do about that? This is a big problem. If you cross over and just go around in circles... there are all kinds of people.

Heaven takes by force
When you come in the morning and look around, many people are dozing off. It has become the beginning of December, and they are just dozing off without thinking about what has happened. If you are sleepy, don’t come here. Why are you coming? How disrespectful is that in front of the Teacher? How disrespectful is that in front of God? If you know that God is here and what kind of place this is, can you doze off? This time may be the only time in your life to meet God. Isn’t that right? You might miss the beloved person you have been searching for a thousand years because you dozed off.

Among those who are attending here, there are people who know that this time is serious and are paying attention, and then there are those who think, "Oh, I just came because the Teacher talks annually. I’m just listening with my ears and looking with my eyes." And then there are those who say, "Well, I came because I was told to come. I don’t feel responsible," and just doze off.

You are the same. People can make mistakes, and everyone’s path can be bent. There cannot always be only good things. This is always the case. After good things happen, there will always come a dangerous time when that individual either stays or falls.

When you think about the members in the New York area, does attending church on Sundays make you more eager the more you attend, or does it make you less eager? Does coming to Belvedere feel good? "Yes." Do people who say it feels good doze off like this?

Recently, I have been thinking of moving all the members around here in Belvedere and New York to San Francisco or Los Angeles and bringing people from those areas here. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Why do I think like that? It is necessary. I can do it right away. Can I go? "Yes." Then they will say, "Oh, Belvedere..." (Laughter)

Not long ago, about 80 Japanese members returned, and they wrote to the Teacher saying, "Oh, until now, I used to go to Belvedere once a week to see the Teacher, but now that I’m back in Japan, I miss Belvedere so much, what should I do?" I saw that letter. They expressed it in a special way, but did they really like coming to Belvedere while they were in America? If they had that mindset and sang praises every day and worked hard every day, they wouldn’t have been sent away. If they were working just to say, "Oh, Teacher! When I go to Belvedere, I want to bring glory before heaven with a result..." why would they be sent away? Why? That’s how it is. People are just like that. People need training, people need hardship, and sometimes they need rebuke... that’s how it is. Does God like everything? Does God like this or that? "No." What does God like? Does God like those who cannot do it, or does God like those who can do it? "Those who can do it." Does God like the people who come in the morning and doze off, or does He like those who do not doze off? "Those who do not doze off." It’s the same. You should think that you need to teach this to thousands and tens of thousands of people using the Teacher’s words, and not just as they are, but that you will refine them more and teach them. In various ways, God likes those who strive harder and those who make more effort. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." That is for sure. Isn’t it? "Yes."

From that perspective, among those who have been in here for three years or five years and think habitually, and those who have just joined and want to do something, which type do you think God would prefer? "The one who just joined..." Among those who are dozing off first in the front and those who are here for the first time this morning and say, "Oh, that’s Reverend Moon!" which one do you think God would focus on? "The one who just joined..." The dozing people are all cast aside.

What does that mean? You need to know that there are people who are stealing everything you have worked hard for until now. They are being transferred. Heaven takes by force. Those who doze off should not come forward as much as possible. They should sit in the back. What good does it do to rush here early to sit in the front and then doze off? If I come here and see that you are dozing off three times, I will remember you as "Oh, that woman who dozed off at any time..." and that would be a great misfortune. When it comes time to bless, I will remember, "Oh, you are the one who dozed off." (Laughter) That could happen.

It’s not just about dozing off. God is watching you 24 hours a day, so He is observing all your actions. When God sees, there are many people who are doing things even worse than dozing off. When you see people going somewhere, whether they are going to evangelize or do something else, God will compare the passion they show when they go with thousands and tens of thousands of people.

Don’t you think about that? Don’t you think that everything you do is being filmed by the cameras of the spirit world? You might think, "Oh! I believe in the Unification Church, and I did everything the Teacher said to do! Why am I not being sent to heaven?" That’s what you might think. Then, if you press the button once, your whole life will be shown... "Heaven is not for this kind of person; it is for this kind of person." When you see that comparison, how shocking would that be? You are doing such things.

It’s the same here in Belvedere. That is not a lie; it is a fact. Look. No one sees your actions, so you just pass by... But first, the sun sees, all things see, the earth sees, everything is watching.

Repent and express a heart greater than that of the Washington Conference
Today, I titled this "Reflection" because I have been praying and quietly examining the faith of various people across the nation, and I felt that this is extremely inadequate.

*Kamiyama, are you here? Dr. Bergman! The members in New York are increasing, but it’s chaotic. I thought we must take special measures to change things, so I made personnel adjustments. (*From here, speaking in Japanese)

The Teacher has been trying to implement the motto of "acting beyond the Washington Conference" since the end of the Washington Conference. So, among you, who has the attitude to go beyond that? Raise your hand. Are you really doing that? "Yes." That’s what you say. "No." *Kamiyama! How is the attitude of life these days? "The members in New York?" Yes! "Not that great." (*From here, speaking in Japanese) It can’t be helped.

Think about whether you are going up or down now. Where are you going? (Writing on the board) You joined the Unification Church and are working hard in New York, but has your spiritual attitude gone up or down? "It has gone up."

Look. No matter how much you lie to the Teacher, it won’t work. When I come here, I already know what the atmosphere is like today. When I pray in the morning, if your spiritual attitude is good, I feel drawn in, like being pulled in. My feet feel so light. It feels really good. When it’s not like that, coming here feels really unpleasant and scary. You need to understand that.

Sometimes I come with three topics to talk about in the morning. You probably wouldn’t know that. That’s why God also wants to choose and give. Depending on the vessel, depending on the counterpart, He wants to give. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." If such things continue for three weeks, problems will arise. When I see that, I realize that your spiritual attitude and this New York church cannot continue like this. Dr. Bergman, everyone needs to repent. Kamiyama, give them a little encouragement. "Yes, Father!"

That’s why 1976 is not a good year for us. If you continue in this state, the condition of having succeeded in 1976 will become a major obstacle for the Unification Church today. Therefore, we must now find out how to express a heart greater than that of those who attended the Washington Conference.

You all say that the Yankee Stadium Conference and the Washington Conference were victories... Where did they go? David Kim said that the scientist conference was also successful this time... What success? We are in a process now, a process. Therefore, it will be harder moving forward. You need to understand that it will be harder.

Where do you want to go after the Washington Conference? "Moscow!" Is it simple to go to Moscow? Is that simple? "No." It means we have to fight and win against the communists. Do you know that there are communists who are more fierce than you in the Unification Church? "Yes." You need to do more than that, more than that.

That’s why you need to completely wipe out everything you have thought until now... Because of the results of this Washington Conference, your spiritual state is not sprouting new leaps and new hopes, but rather dark clouds are hovering. You need to understand that there are elements that can oppose and become a minus in front of the will, rather than contents that you can guarantee in the future.

When you think about the situation in America, the future situation in America is quite bleak. Who will break this out? We have to do it, we have to. We cannot continue like this.

*Kamiyama! "Yes." Train the New York area with new training. We need to train in a remarkable system. Therefore, I didn’t want to send excellent people as unique members from the New York area, but I made personnel adjustments. So I brought them together. Even minor things need to be reported thoroughly. By transferring existing members... (*From here, speaking in Japanese)

The most urgent issue beyond blessings is to evangelize 30,000 people to move America
Now, why do we need to do this? When I think about the Teacher’s life during this time of reflection, such phenomena have appeared centered around those who have joined our Unification Church. You need to understand that such phenomena are present even in this gathering.

And what kind of fantasies do young men and women have? "Oh, are they not going to bless me?" They have such fantasies, right? Is the blessing precious, or is the world precious? "The world is precious." What relationship does the world have with you now? The Unification Church is facing opposition in America, and is the Unification Church in a position to successfully cross over with America? No, it is not.

You need to understand that you cannot receive blessings simply due to the principle of restoration through indemnity. And although 1,800 families are living, you need to know that lives that have not passed the principle standard will affect all their children in the future. Blessings are not that simple.

Recently, what kind of investigation is being conducted? There are people who were married before joining the Unification Church, and they are investigating that. What are they trying to do? If they keep accepting and blessing such people, they may feel good, but in the Unification Church, there are many side effects, in fact. If they bless them, can it really be better than before? "Yes." (Laughter)

You need to understand that there are more urgent issues than marriage, especially for the young people in America. How many people do we need to evangelize by 1978? "30,000." 30,000 people. Is 30,000 easy? "No." If we don’t do this, the Teacher will withdraw from America. We cannot touch America. We cannot handle America. So how much is 30,000 out of the 220 million Americans? If we take 30,000 Americans and multiply that by 10, it becomes 300 million, right? So that’s one out of 7,000. One Unification Church member among 7,000 American citizens.

So, is it normal for the Teacher to think that with just 30,000 people, he can move America? Is it normal to think that with just 30,000 people, he can move all of America? "No." How difficult is that?
Do you understand? You need to know how difficult this problem is. Can one person influence 7,000 people? Is that possible? To do that, you must carry out an emergency operation centered around such conditions, compressing a three-dimensional operation; otherwise, it is impossible. That is the minimum standard that can be achieved. Is that possible? "No." Think about that.

Now, how much time is left until 1978? "One year left." This is a serious problem, a serious issue. Because the teacher could not implement the directive given to the Japanese church to do it by 1974, it has caused significant setbacks. If what the teacher did was the minimum unit, what would have happened if it had been done until now? Japan would probably have been completely mobilized.

The historical indemnity course of the Unification Church's seven-year course. How many people have you evangelized since joining the Unification Church? Raise your hand if you have evangelized more than five people. How many years has it been? "It has been six years." If you think like that, is it possible? Our standard states that we should evangelize one person per month, one person per month.

Originally, Christianity was supposed to dominate the entire world over 700 years. Therefore, we humans must follow this principle, but we cannot live for 700 years. That is why we must go through a 70-year course here. What does it mean to walk the path of that 70-year period? It means going as a sacrifice. So, do we split the sacrifice or combine it? "We split it." The sacrifice must be split.

Because we are entering such a realm, all of Christianity has entered the 70-year indemnity course until now. Because it must be split, we cannot marry. It means that two cannot unite. Therefore, we live a single life. All religious people who believe in a higher religion must live a single life. We must go through 70 years. For 70 years, we must all walk the public path. It is not for ourselves.

This is compressed into seven years in the era of the Unification Church. Here, it is compressed into seven years. Therefore, you must also understand that you must walk the public course of the seven-year course. Do you understand? If you do not walk the seven-year course, you cannot indemnify the 7,000 years of history. You cannot indemnify the 7,000, 700, or 70 years.

But who will indemnify this? The family must indemnify it. Parents and children must indemnify it. That is why Jesus had to find this path by combining the three-year course and the three-year course into seven. (While writing on the board) Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." What did Jesus have to do? He had to complete the mission of the son and then fulfill the mission of the father. He had to do these two missions. That is the three years as a son and the three years as a father.

Then what is Jesus' three-year public life course? It is going through the three-year course as a son. After three years, what must he do? He must go as a family. To go as a father, he must go centered on the family. We must transition from the individual era to the family era. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

To indemnify this, the Unification Church must have individuals go through three years. Individuals must go through the three years as a son, which is the standard Jesus followed. Then, what must happen during those three years? Jesus must find symbolic elements such as three major sacrifices or three major sons and daughters that can indemnify and restore. If that does not happen, a son-in-law expectation cannot be formed. From there, by uniting oneself on the minimum foundation of three people, we create a family of four. This is what Noah's family of eight and Adam's family of eight transcend into family forms.

Next, what must happen? We must match the number of the three archangels centered around the perfected Adam. Therefore, if you cannot evangelize at least three people, you cannot receive blessings. Do you understand? To match that, Jesus also had to gain three disciples. He had to take three disciples with him. That is how it is, right? What must these three sons do? They must become disciples who can die for Jesus, who can dedicate their lives.

Under such conditions, you must receive blessings and go for three years. Do you understand? The reason for going through three years after receiving blessings is to match this principle. Do Unification Church members go through the blessed three-year course? Yes, right? "Yes." Why do we do that? It is to indemnify the entire historical indemnity course. When two couples completely fulfill their responsibilities for three years before the will, they finally complete the six and enter the realm of the seven. Into the realm of the seven, into the realm of the Sabbath.... The number seven has no free pass.

This is our immediate issue. You must go through this official process. The 1,800 couples who got married in the Unification Church this time, you know, this has been shortened to 21 months. (While writing on the board) It is getting shorter. It is being shortened to seven months. It cannot go below seven months. You must understand this.

So, this established family must also go through seven months, seven months. For seven months, you cannot receive blessings unless you live a separated life. That does not mean that those people have qualified; it is done with the teacher's privilege. We are going that way, aren't we? "We are." We are going that way. There may be people who still do not understand why we go through the three-year course after marriage, but it is because of this principle.

What must you do during these seven years? You must stand on a foundation better than Jesus. The reason Jesus died on the cross is that if the 12 disciples and the 72 disciples had united, that would be 84. If 84 people had completely become the foundation of Jesus, he would never have died. Because of this, the clan rights are opened, clan rights. If the 12 disciples and the 72 disciples had united, would Jesus have died? He would not have died. Then the kingdom of heaven on earth would be opened. That is why this united foundation, starting from the base of 84 people, becomes the kingdom of heaven on earth. Do you understand? "Yes." This is not a mere theory. It is a problem if it is a problem. During these seven years, we must surpass this standard. We must surpass what Jesus could not do for seven years, centered on the family, without being invaded by the world of Satan.

One year is counted as twelve months. When you multiply that by seven years, you get 84. (While writing on the board) Therefore, during the seven years, you must evangelize one person each month to fill this number. Do you understand? Yes, right? "Yes." Therefore, every Unification Church member should evangelize at least one person per month. If you do more than that, within seven years.... That can be done anytime, even within a year. This blessed time has come. So, this is the result. Do you understand? Do you understand why we say to evangelize one person per month? "Yes." It is not just to make you evangelize for no reason. Each of you must walk the path of historical destiny.

Because Jesus could not do this, he must come back to earth. Therefore, by surpassing this, the logic that he can return and build the kingdom of heaven on earth is established. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." That is a principle. Without that, the restoration providence cannot be extended like this.

Then how do the twelve disciples proceed? First, there are three disciples, Jesus' three disciples, right? Three times four equals twelve (3×4=12). Therefore, you must evangelize twelve people. After that, you must evangelize 72 people.

So, what the teacher has been doing until now is that. The first thing he did was bless three families. Did he do that? "Yes." In 1960, if the teacher had not based the blessing on these three families, the blessing ceremony would not have happened. When he was to receive his mother, these people had already determined the representatives, and the teacher first held the wedding ceremony and then blessed them together. That is how the path of principle is matched.

What comes next? Centered around the three families, we must create twelve people. These twelve people must fulfill a historical mission, but just having twelve people is not enough. We must determine the twelve people of the past, the twelve people of the future, and the number 36. (While writing on the board) That is how we get the 36 families. It is a compression of the ten generations from Adam's family to Noah's family and the ten generations from Noah's family to Jacob's family, connecting Jacob's twelve children, which could not connect the ancestors of 2,000 years of history.

Thus, centered on this earth, the spiritual world is connected, and then the future is connected. (While writing on the board) Right? In the spiritual world, there are also twelve gates of pearls centered around the twelve tribes, and the earth is also made up of twelve tribes, all of which are interconnected. We must connect all of that. We must connect all of that so that the spiritual world can operate. Therefore, the center centered on the Israelite people is determined.

Next, the 36 families, centered around ancestors, correspond to Cain and Abel, these two numbers. The 72 families correspond to the number of Cain and Abel. Because the family-level Cain and Abel did not come to fruition due to their conflict, the 72 families serve as a substitute. After that, the 120 families represent the world, and the 430 families represent the whole. This is how we restore. Christianity started centered around the 120 disciples during Jesus' time. That is because they represent national representatives, so all of that must be restored.

Next is the number 430. This is centered on the 4,300 years of Korean history, referring to the overall liberation of the Israelite people when they departed from Egypt. They went into Egypt and came out after 430 years. Then, based on the 430 families, the 777 families emerge. This is global. This represents the Korean nation, so it is global, and from here, the 1,800 families come out. That is how it develops.

So, the blessings given are like this. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, it has ended up to 1,800 pairs. That is why the blessing is said to have been completed by the teacher up to seven times, in fact. This is how it has developed. Therefore, the Unification Church has organized a global tribe.

Blessed families must restore their tribes and become tribal messiahs. Therefore, the teacher must lay a global foundation, but you must take responsibility for the 72 centered on the national foundation. Then you enter the global foundation. When you become a national standard, like the Israelite people, when you become a people of a nation, you connect to that global foundation.

This is not just talk for Unification Church members. Even if you die now, even if your sons and daughters receive blessings, if you cannot surpass this standard, you will be caught. You cannot go. That is why blessed families must become tribal messiahs, tribal messiahs. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."

Therefore, if the Israelite people had believed during Jesus' time, they could have done this centered on their relatives and tribe. They could have done this centered on their relatives, but because they could not believe, they were driven out, so they must indemnify this centered on outsiders. Originally, the twelve disciples should have been their twelve brothers. They must have taken everyone out from among their relatives. The 72 disciples should have been established among their relatives; then it would have been enough. Because they could not do that, they sought from outside.

From that perspective, the teacher himself is the same. I cannot evangelize among my own relatives. I have my own mother and siblings, but I abandoned them all. I had to go out externally and find what Jesus failed to do. Therefore, unless I love you more than my own kin, restoration cannot happen. The teacher laid that foundation and established a global foundation, so now in this era, you can do this work centered on your own families. That is why you are told to become tribal messiahs. Do you understand what I mean?

So, you must go back to your hometown and evangelize centered on your siblings. If you cannot do this.... You must put your life on the line and say, "To save me, everyone must listen to me." You must go to your relatives and earnestly persuade them to unite and surpass.

The teacher has already prepared everything externally. Do you understand? For whom? It is for the teacher, but it is also for you.... Therefore, unless you are better than Jesus, you cannot receive blessings. Isn't that right? It is the same as being unable to return. This is a principle. This cannot be changed. You must work under the determination that "If I cannot do this, I must die. I must dedicate my life." Have you thought about that? There may be people who are hearing this for the first time. I told you a little while ago.

Therefore, at least one person must be evangelized per month. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Now, you must bring your relatives and siblings and all your distant relatives.... That is the fastest way. You must understand that. From now on, if you cannot save your parents or siblings, you will be accused in the other world.

In this regard, you cannot just say, "Just bless me." That is not acceptable. The teacher eventually had to hold the blessing ceremony at the age of 40. He suffered persecution and endured various hardships to do it. Do you think the blessing is easy, you guys? That does not make sense. Oh, what did I come into the Unification Church for....

There is no way evangelism cannot happen. You must write letters day and night, and call every day. You must tell your parents, "I will die if I do not do this." Blessed families are all involved in this; the 84 are all involved in this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." The door to enter heaven opens when you receive blessings, but you cannot go in. You cannot go in. Now, what is the standard? Blessed families of the 36 must go out and evangelize again; if they cannot do this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

How do you enter heaven? The Messiah must lead the world in, and Unification Church members must lead their relatives in. You must understand that. The teacher has laid out all the paths: the personal path, the national path, the tribal path, the family path, the national path, and the global path. By doing this, three people, twelve people, and so on, become 72 and 84. (While writing on the board) This goes through the three stages of resurrection, growth, and perfection.

Unification Church members must fulfill 5 percent of their responsibility through the seven-year course.
It's just about following along. (While writing on the board) That's why you need to evangelize 84 people and connect them to the teacher, so that it's not mine but the teacher's, and as God's, everything must be combined for you to find your path. 

And what does that lead to? It leads to becoming citizens of the heavenly kingdom. As you all do this, the number will gradually increase, and the world will be restored, with many citizens of the heavenly kingdom all entering this path. What started as individuals will expand into families and then outward like this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

But you can't doze off, rest, or anything like that. Is there time for that? When will you have time to rest? This corresponds to your 5 percent responsibility. The teacher has paved the way for the world while facing opposition, and now the time when the Unification Church can be opposed globally has passed. When a nation is established, this formula will be utilized 100 percent. Those who do not comply with this cannot get married. 

Right now, I am responsible for marrying you. You owe a debt to the teacher. While restoring a nation, I am trying to set conditions for your indemnity. So, following this principle, I am trying to establish everyone close to the teacher. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you understand that you should evangelize one person each month? "Yes." Then within seven years... Well, it's okay to do it within seven months. If you evangelize seven people each month, how long will it take? It will take a year. It's the same principle. This is the problem. You are all involved in this. But when someone says to evangelize or not... there’s no need for that. You must go. 

Now, this is the most important thing, so before doing this, there’s no need for marriage, and before doing this, there’s no need for study. What good is studying? What good is it to succeed in the world? Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, Unification Church members have a personal three-year period, followed by a family three-year period... So if you complete the six years, the seventh year will just follow along. If you cut this in half, it will be divided into three and a half years. (Writing on the board) So what the teacher did in the U.S. started in 1974, centered around the Yankee Stadium event, and it takes three years. You need to understand that the path of restoration goes through such numerical processes. Because these issues are at stake, the teacher has suffered until now. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

You all are not thinking about when to get married, when to have children, or when you received blessings and are living. You are not supposed to think like that, right? Isn't that so? If not, speak up; I will ask. Did you live like this? Did you spend three years before marriage and three years after marriage like this? The Japanese members among the 777 families did that for five years starting in 1971. Why did they have to go through that after getting married? Where in the world is there such a game? 

The 1800 families are now in their 21 months... All of that is based on such conditions, and the period is shortened. Centered around this operation, it will now go down to seven months. So, for established families, we give the minimum unit benefits... Even when they go to the spirit world, those who were blessed as virgins are different. The only ones the teacher can bless are pure virgins. Pure virgins are the ones the teacher blesses; those who are promiscuous in America are all exceptions. Therefore, there is a training process for you to indemnify this. To indemnify this, you must serve for the world. You need to understand this. Do you know what I mean? "Yes." 

Go back to your hometown and evangelize 84 people. 

You do not know the world. You say you learned the principle, but you do not know what the principle has taught you. If this had not existed, the teacher would not have suffered. God's restoration work would not have been extended for 6,000 years. You are all saying, "Teacher! Teacher!" but before calling the teacher, you must do this (pointing to what he wrote). You must establish a relationship with the teacher. You must establish a relationship with God. The principle is like that. Do you understand now? "Yes." But can you doze off? "No." 

That is why the teacher hardly had time to sleep for seven years. He didn't eat at the table. He ate on a small board, just placed on the ground. He is a sinner. If you can't do that, you are a sinner. On his birthday, he fasted for seven years. You all eat better, right? I did not call my parents "mother" or "father" because they did not understand. I did not talk to my brothers. 

Because the meaning was not upheld by Seongjin's mother, I could not say that Seongjin was my son. I did not treat him as my son. I never held Seongjin's hand and kissed him as a son. I am a sinner, a sinner. You all need to understand that. How can you live, eat, and walk around without taking responsibility and without establishing the laws of heaven? That is a serious problem. 

Even if I have a country, it is not my country; even if I have a world, it is not my world; even if I have something, I cannot claim it as mine. It becomes mine only after doing this. It is only after doing this that I have my own country, my own world, my own God, and my own Lord. Jesus also lost everything because he could not do this. He lost his country, lost his people, and lost his parents. It is the same. How could he say to his own mother, "Woman, what do you have to do with me?" Because he could not follow this principle, if you do not do this, you cannot become a mother. 

So I say this... Who is a member of the Unification Church? Those who do this are members of the Unification Church. The same principle applies. Who is the true teacher of the Unification Church? The one who teaches and does such work can be a teacher. It is the same logic. Do you understand what I mean? 

That is why we need three disciples, twelve disciples, and seventy-two disciples, representing individuals, families, and nations. Therefore, you must evangelize 84 people. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Have you done that? "No." 

So starting today, we need to do this. This is a matter of eternity, and you are all responsible for it. It is a serious matter. If you cannot do this, you absolutely cannot. Jesus also died because he could not do this. The teacher also had to do all sorts of things and lay down his life on the cross when he could not do this. 

Because I can do this, everything can be liberated. How blessed is that! If you were in the position of a death row inmate, and for seven years you could be saved if you evangelized just 84 of your relatives, would you do it? "Yes." If you could be saved from death, would you do it? "Yes." This is serious. Everyone must bear this burden. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You all need to understand this. 

Until now, I have come out, but you have not understood and just followed blindly. You cannot do that. This is a practical issue. The more the Unification Church is seen positively, the faster restoration will happen. The Unification Church has been persecuted in the satanic world and has been rumored to be bad, but if the environment changes, you should go out and evangelize just like you would in your family for seven years. It won’t even take seven years. Within about three years, you can completely... gather hundreds of people. 

Now you must create such an environment and go back to your hometown to evangelize. When everyone starts saying, "The Unification Church is good," you will not need to go anywhere else. You must all return to your hometown. Why must it be that way? Just as Jesus faced opposition in his time, you must go back to your hometown. You are seeking your hometown. Therefore, the whole world must hear that "the Unification Church is good." 

You must establish a tradition of evangelizing one person each month. 

Since I came to America, this year I have become the most talked about person globally. There is no one in Germany who does not know the teacher, and the same goes for England; it has become a global topic. This is still somewhat ambiguous. Some say it is good, some say it is bad, and it is all like this. Now, when it is seen as good, it will suddenly change. If not, if it does not become known globally, it will take hundreds of years. That is why in 1975, we sent missionaries worldwide to face persecution; it was to make a sudden leap. "Reverend Moon is in America, and the Unification Church is only in America, but it is also in our country," and everyone pays attention, making it a hot topic. 

Japanese people, then Americans, then Germans, these three nations are enemies of each other. They are enemies centered around America. They must become one. Now, in this new era, those people must fulfill their mission. That is why they are being persecuted. The rumors from America will spread to every country, will they not? If America says it is "good," then everyone will say it is "good." We have come to that era. Therefore, starting next year, we will all engage in a movement to turn things around. Once that day comes, evangelizing will be easy. If that happens, I could evangelize all 84 people within a week. The teacher could do it within a week. Just a week of training will make it happen. (Laughter) If possible, I am creating such a time to make it easier for you to evangelize. 

We cannot move America without 30,000 people. We must be responsible for at least 30,000 people to make everything easier. It is impossible to prepare this without educating at least 30,000 people by 1978. It is not difficult. Even if I die, if I decide to evangelize one person a month, I will do it within a year. I will finish it within a year. Then, if you have that tradition and say, "Anyone who comes in must evangelize one person a month," you can evangelize hundreds of thousands of people within a year. That is why new members must evangelize one person each month. One person can evangelize more than one person a month. Have you not thought about that while eating? You must think like that. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Now, when you go back, make everyone who evangelizes one person each month mark their wrists. So when they evangelize one person in a month, they should wear it for that month, and if they do not, they should take it off. We must do it this way. Do you understand? "Yes." Some people will say, "I will quit," but those people will all fall into the formula. Anyone in our Unification Church must do this. Even if it is just a letter, you must send it. 

If others do this, will it be easy to evangelize or easy to fundraise? It will not be easy to evangelize. That is why while fundraising, you must write letters to your friends. Also, when you move, send at least one postcard to keep in touch with your parents or relatives, so you can prepare for this work. Looking at this number (84 people), how many people have I evangelized since joining the Unification Church? (Pointing to what he wrote) How many people have I evangelized in 20 years? If the number is small, they will say, "That guy is a loser." It is not a problem just because it has been a long time. 

From the perspective of this principled view, you all did not clearly understand. I asked you to talk about this, but you were all talking about other things. Then, how do we unite 84 people after forming families? By taking responsibility and making efforts, this will connect tribes and unite the world. What if you die and this becomes a problem? It will definitely become a problem. What will you do? 

You must lay the foundation for personal, family, and tribal bases over the seven-year course. 

Can you receive blessings without doing what Jesus did? Jesus must return for the bride and groom to meet. But it is a principle that you cannot do this without doing more than that. The standard is (pointing to what he wrote) tied to that. Blessing is not simple. You must understand that... Kamiyama-kun! "Yes." Make a chart to show how many people have been brought in. Do you understand? 

Do you know the seven-year course? "Yes." Raise your hand if you know the seven-year course. That seven-year course is double, double. There is the responsibility of the son and then the responsibility of the father as a family. You must fulfill both responsibilities. Jesus had to fulfill the mission of the son, and then he had to fulfill the mission of the father; that historical course remains, and we must fulfill that. Jesus' three-year course was the course of the son, and then there is the three-year course, which is the family three-year course. Therefore, in order to indemnify that, the Unification Church must go beyond the personal three-year course to receive blessings and then go beyond the family three-year course. After that, we must unite after six years and complete the seventh. You must clearly understand this principle. 

Now, did Jesus lose all his disciples after three years? Did he not lose them? "Yes." He even lost the three disciples. Jesus went to die, but the disciples ran away. Therefore, in the principle of indemnity and restoration, you must create three disciples who can die with you when you die. That is why three sons are needed. That’s it. If the three were completely united and said they would die instead of Jesus, then Jesus would not have died. 

If they had all said they would die together, then all four would have resurrected on earth. Would only Jesus have resurrected? If that had happened, Jesus would not have needed to ascend. If that had happened, Christianity would not have lasted for 2,000 years. If that had happened, the spirit world could have come down and acted based on that foundation. Because there was no such foundation, Jesus, the spirit world, and this earth became separated. 

When will this be connected? Only those with a faith more thorough than Peter, John, and James, those who have the martyr spirit that they will not abandon Jesus even if they die, can connect with Jesus. This is the conclusion. It is global. It must be done globally. You must shed blood globally to connect with Jesus, and that is the only way to connect earthly relationships. This is an unavoidable game.
So, to be better than Jesus, you must do what Jesus could not do... You cannot lose the three disciples. Do you understand? It means you cannot stand firm. 

Therefore, you must evangelize three people to be blessed. The blessing comes because of the teacher, not because of you. You open the door and give blessings, but what must you do when you bless? Based on these three, you must center around your family and create twelve people. You must create twelve people. If three people evangelize three people each, that makes twelve. So, you must become one. One of the twelve disciples betrayed Jesus, right? Judas Iscariot betrayed him. To create twelve people, you must strive harder than Jesus did. After combining the twelve, you must then create a group of 72 disciples.

The Bible mentions 70 disciples, but that is incorrect. It should be 72 disciples. There are two references in the Bible. It mentions both 72 disciples and 70 disciples, but 72 is correct. If you look at it, it becomes 72 disciples by multiplying the twelve tribes by six. So, you create three disciples, then create one group of twelve disciples, and then lead the 72 disciples to move the nation.

If you take the twelve tribes and have six each, that means seven people in one tribe. (While writing on the board) Seven people in one tribe. Right? "Isn't that a bit short?" What is short? If there are twelve tribes, including the tribe leaders, it means there are eleven people in one tribe. Therefore, these three represent resurrection, the twelve represent growth, and the 72 disciples represent completion. It is a three-step process, a three-step process.

So, this is the path we must take, the path we must take. For how many years? "For seven years." Yes, three years, divided into three years, the first three years are a time for personal preparation, which means a time when Jesus did not die and was preparing personally, and the remaining three years must be focused on family. During those three years, what must you do? You must establish relationships with all the tribes. Does our Unification Church go that way? Is it set up that way, or not? It is set up that way, right? "Yes." 

If you do not meet these standards in the restoration process, it will take 6,000 years. You must go even if it takes your whole life. This is a practical issue. This is not an idealistic problem. 

If you make an effort, the Unification Church will develop automatically. How many joints are there in this finger? Look at your hand and think. There are twelve. Babies in the womb hold their hands like this. (Showing a sign with the thumb and four fingers) This (the thumb) represents God, the duality of masculinity and femininity. So, God is among the universe, among the twelve. God is included in the twelve signs. Among these twelve months, throughout the year, God is present. It is the same principle. These two hands must come together. What does this mean? One symbolizes heaven, and the other symbolizes earth. These two must unite. By looking at heaven, we understand the earth.

So, Christianity in this world is also made up of twelve tribes. There cannot be more than twelve denominations in Christianity. If you look at it broadly, there are three tribes. So, has the twelve tribes of Christianity been organized, or not? "It has not." This is at the final stage. This must be organized. Therefore, we must engage in that endeavor. We must create one. It must include all five races. Now, do you understand, or not? "I understand."

If this is not done, you cannot even eat. You cannot sit at the table with others and eat, and you cannot celebrate birthdays either. Do you celebrate birthdays? *Kamiya! "Yes." If you cannot do such things, no matter how much it is your birthday, you cannot celebrate it. (*From this point, speaking in Japanese) The teacher fasted on his birthday. The teacher fasted for seven years. During those seven years, what is two hours? Sometimes he did not sleep for even an hour. This is the official stance of the Unification Church. Everyone must do it. For whom? It is not for the teacher. 

By fighting this battle, I have come all the way to America, and by finishing the Washington conference, I can now go to where I am meant to go, even if I die. Even if I die, I will go to where I am meant to go. If our Unification Church follows the teacher's words, it will continue to develop. Therefore, now I can rest a bit, and I think that way. Now it is your turn. I have passed on everything I have prepared to you, so through your efforts, the Unification Church will automatically develop, and because of that, I believe the world can be saved, so I can now rest, and there will be times like that.

Then, it is not a formula that says, "Since the teacher is resting, we should rest too." That does not work. You are like elementary school students right now. I am like someone who has gone through a doctoral course and received a degree. Do you think elementary school students can just do that and get by? "I will just follow my father wherever he goes. Studying and everything else." That cannot be the case. Even when we look at our Yejin, she must return alone if there is an exam even after going to Washington. Even if the father is staying for a scientific conference. You must separate.

Among you, there are members doing fundraising or security work, but now, even if you do not evangelize, many people are coming into the Unification Church. In the future, even without evangelizing, many people will come in after hearing the announcements. This era is coming. Now, if we advertise through TV or radio, there will be people who will come after hearing that advertisement. Then, who evangelized them? I did. They all come under the Unification Church's Reverend Moon. When that happens, they will be distributed. (Laughter)

Therefore, those who have been loyal in public office should think that they will be responsible even in the spiritual world. If they have been loyal and have had circumstances that prevented them from doing other work during their seven years in public office, the teacher will take responsibility for them in the spiritual world, that is what they should think.

Also, what will be given to those who have surpassed this standard? Everything will be given. Because they have sacrificed under these conditions, because they are one, because they are one brother, it is okay to share. Why can we give? Because Cain and Abel must become one. Why do Cain and Abel fight? To have more for themselves, to have their side gain more... Giving transcends Cain and Abel. Therefore, the place where they give to each other is Abel's position. That is the history of restoration... If Cain and Abel can unite and give, they will be able to receive from the parents. Cain and Abel must become one, right? I must think that I will evangelize to help my brother. Do you understand what I mean?

If the three countries centered around Korea become one, the world will be restored. If only these three countries stand in the will, then afterwards, without needing to evangelize, we can gather all the people of the world and build the kingdom of heaven. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Therefore, if Japan, America, and Germany stand in the will, the world will be restored in an instant. If these three countries become one, they can feed and sustain the world. Do you think that is possible or not? "I think it is possible." That is why three missionaries are being sent out. If we include Korea, it becomes four.

The communist party is centered around Korea, passing through Japan, circling Europe, and in the process of taking over the world, the only places that are currently divided globally are Germany and Korea. Isn't that so? "Yes." That is why the teacher is starting from Asia, including Korea, Japan, and America... Europe is the elder brother. We must restore the elder brother. In restoring the elder brother, until now, the greatest enemy of the democratic world has been Germany, and if we restore Germany, everything will be fine. It is a complete circle.

Korea is the Adam on God's side, and this is the Adam on Satan's side. This must be reversed and come back together as one. Now, how far have we come? We have come this far. Circling back through Germany... (While writing on the board) So, this is Korea and the four countries. It is three countries centered around Korea. Wherever you go, if you unite these three countries centered around the teacher, everything will be resolved.

So, if you look at this in terms of form, it is exactly like the disciples of Jesus. (Pointing at what he wrote) When viewed centered around Jesus, there are Peter, John, and James. The sun symbolizes John, and the archangel symbolizes James. James was the oldest. Adam symbolizes Peter. Peter corresponds to Germany. (Laughter) What is the sun? James corresponds to America, and America has become the nation of hope. "America is the symbol of hope, but in that sense, what is Germany? What is Peter?" That symbolizes faith. Among faith, love, and hope, it symbolizes faith. Faith, love, hope, that is how it is.

Therefore, the German people are all steadfast. They are steadfast. That is why they symbolize faith, the symbol of faith. Currently, among the nations in the world that can be trusted, it is the German people. Whether in industry, physical strength, or anything else, the German people excel. Their minds work well... This time, in the Canadian Olympic Games, which nation came in first? It was the German people. If East and West Germany unite, they are first. They surpass the Soviet Union. It was the same this time. When you see that, it confirms that such symbolism is correct. They are steadfast... Go and see. When you look at the German people, the women are like men, and they are incredibly strong. (Laughter) They work hard and do not depend on anyone.

The Japanese people, the American people, the German people, and the Korean people are all specific nations. (Laughter) Looking at the world, the conclusion of the history of restoration is not far off. When you look at the Unification Church globally, my focus is on Germany, Japan, and America. I focus on these three countries. There is the UK, but the UK is following. The island nations of Europe will all end up following.

The only organization that can unite Judaism and Christianity is the Unification Church. 

Looking at this, now in these three years, 1976, 1977, 1978, if we work hard, it will become hopeful. Truly, the year of restoration will dawn, I believe this. Do you understand? Then, in 1979, 1980, 1981, after just three years, everything will change, and the communist world will decline like this. If we do not establish such a foundation, the communist party will continue to thrive. We must do this for the communist party to decline.

I see that a significant crisis is coming to the democratic world. "What does that mean?" Do not think that way. We must work hard in America for the next two years. Among the various ethnic groups in America, among the five races combined, even if we cannot do it, we must create about 30,000 people to form a core group that can have a trans-ethnic influence, so that America can survive.

Let us ask the young people here in America. There are Jewish people living in America, so let us see how many of our members are Jewish. Put your hands down. Do other ethnic groups in America like Jews? Answer me. You all, speak honestly. "They do not like them." They do not like them. In the current government, which ethnic group is moving the State Department and all sectors? It is the Jews. Centered around Kissinger, all the key personnel are Jews. The Jews are moving America.

There is an internal backlash against this. Therefore, the current Carter administration is taking a conservative stance and will start to address the issues related to Jews unfavorably, and we have entered a stage where that problem will arise. There is a confrontational form, a confrontational form. I see it that way.

In the midst of this, there is the Unification Church. Looking at the Unification Church, it has developed like this over the past three years, so I believe that a significant power base will be formed in the near future, making it a problematic organization. Therefore, people like the Jews will see the Unification Church as their adversary in a few years, and I believe they will definitely oppose the Unification Church. I see it as opposition. This is the tradition of the Jews.

The Washington Post, the New York Times, are all engaged in actions to control the Unification Church from the reactive standpoint of the Jewish community. What does this mean? It is the confrontation between Christianity and Judaism. Ultimately, it is the confrontation between Christianity and Judaism. Then there is the Unification Church, leading to a three-way battle between Judaism, Christianity, and the Unification Church. Such events will unfold. If they fight, they will all perish, they will all perish.

Then, neither Judaism can create one, nor can Christianity create one. So, who among the three can create one? Only we can, only we. To create one, we must first be rejected. Initially, we must be rejected. There, the communist party operates behind the scenes. On the day when the two fight, anyone will try to use the communist party to strike at their adversary. This is terrifying. The same goes for Christianity. It is happening right now.

Those people are also trying to eliminate the Unification Church by teaming up with the communist party. That is the reality. Look. To eliminate the Unification Church, they are teaming up with Jews, teaming up with Christians, and even teaming up with the communist party to strike. If they fight here, they will all perish, so the Unification Church remains quiet. Even while being hit, it remains quiet. Otherwise, they will all perish... If they fight, they will all perish. Therefore, the Unification Church is quietly enduring.

So, how do we break through to an equal position? Now, the teacher must do this within two years. We must ride the subtle winds of society and overcome. Who will be responsible for this? Will the Jews take responsibility? Will Christianity take responsibility? Christianity is collapsing, and the communist party is rising; I see that America is entering a truly difficult stage.

To survive, we must conduct a transcendent, trans-ethnic movement. As I said earlier, Americans do not like Jews. The Jews must understand this. They must know that they are not liked. If Jews continue as they are now, they will face problems again. Therefore, how can we expand this to a global stage? How can we expand the nationalistic concept to a global concept? I see this as the way for the Jews to survive in the future. Those Jews... That is why the issue of Zionism arose in the UN, right? That has become a problem. If Jews continue as they are now, there will come a day when they will be expelled from the world.

The tragedies of the past, like the Hitler era, are not the issue.
What do you think will happen? When it becomes a communist party, what do you think will happen? This is what I want you to consider. The Jews do not think about such things. Therefore, the Jews need to break away from their entrenched nationalism and embrace a global perspective. Without a broader ideological foundation that can expand, the Jews will be sacrificed to the communist world in the future. You need to understand that we are in such a crisis.

In contrast, Christianity has become global. It is in a better position. So, who will educate this? Christianity is currently in decline. That is why I am rushing now… If the communists come in while American Christians and Jews are fighting, you need to understand that they will become enemies. If you align with one side, it will ruin the other, and vice versa. Because of this unfavorable position, I am trying to carry out a rapid stabilization operation. Here, we are preparing for a trans-ethnic and trans-national movement.

In the end, we will give for Christianity and for Judaism, but they are opposing it. Is this something that can happen? Without the standard of 30,000 that the teacher has presented within two years, there is no way to proceed. You need to understand that there is no way to proceed. It is because the teacher is here that we are willing to try, because the teacher is here. Do you understand?

In these two years, you do not realize how explosive our activities need to be and how heavy our responsibilities are. Now, at this point, with only one month left in 1976, we must abolish our habitual practices and initiate actions based on principles. If we continue as we are, I believe we can surpass 30,000 without any problems. Therefore, I see that you must strengthen that direction.

Now is the time to leap internally and bear fruit. The title of today’s message is ‘Reflection’. When we reflect, we have exhausted our strength for the conference. We have exhausted our strength for the conference until now. We have spent a lot of energy on the Madison Square Garden conference, the Yankee Stadium conference, and the Washington conference. It has been a war of exhaustion, a war of exhaustion. We have not done much in terms of evangelism. From now on, we must dedicate ourselves to evangelism and completely establish a final evangelistic system… In the past, we have exhausted ourselves in the process of indemnity, but now we must solidly commit ourselves based on practicality and lay a foundation, and from now on, we must do this entirely for America.

Do the American youth who have joined the Unification Church not think about your tribes? They have all become waste due to drugs. You need to realize that they are becoming trash. The teacher has done this over a three-year period, and as a result, there is now a new boom in interest in religion… It cannot continue like this. I have received statistical reports that religious books are selling well in bookstores these days. This is a good trend. 

That is why a good time is coming for you. A good time is coming. What is a good time? In the 1980s, our Unification Church will completely become an issue in this country. Rather than being a problem, I see it becoming an organization that can influence the whole. Do you understand? “Yes.” A good time is coming… The tide is about to change. When the third seven-year course ends, I see 1981 as a good opportunity. So, you need to understand how important this time is. Do you understand?

You need to realize that these few years are a crucial period for settling history and fulfilling the hopes of the Unification Church. You must understand that this period is more important than any past time. In fact, this is more important than the Washington conference. The period of the Washington conference was an external period of indemnity. Now is the time to organize everything and leap internally. It is a time of indemnity. If the past was an external Cain, now is the internal Abel. The past was about consuming and indemnifying, but now is the time to indemnify and gain practical benefits. It is the time to bear fruit.

When you put in effort here, that effort does not just flow away; it accumulates. That is why I say we need to put in more sincerity than at the Washington conference. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” From now on, when you pray, you should think about evangelizing one person a month, and when you eat, you should think about that first, and at any gathering, you should think about that, and when you wake up in the morning, you should think about that, and when you work, you should think about that. You should unify all of this around that thought and practice it. Do you understand? Do you understand or not? “I understand.”

That is why the third seven-year course is precious. The three-year course has ended, so now we must think about how to navigate the remaining four years centered on 1977, 1978, 1979, and 1980. We must go forward with all our sincerity. From now on, we must prepare and carry out massive publicity and evangelistic activities next year.

It is good to reflect, but after reflection, we must not fall into despair. We must not have despair. We must have hope. Only then will it not be difficult. The teacher said he has achieved victory, but did he achieve victory over America? “No.” It has not happened. Only after that can we go to Moscow, to Moscow. So, from now on, the teacher must travel as much as possible. I must go out. Even though I am busy here at East Garden and have many things to do, I think I must go out. In fact, that is something you all should do.

In fact, after this year, I had planned to study English. I thought I had to study English somehow until the 1980s. Now I must speak directly without using an interpreter… But that is not possible. This is a more serious issue than studying. So it does not enter my head. If you all do that work, the teacher can do all of that, but this is a big problem.

Today, on the first day of December… How many hours has it been? “Four hours.” It has been a long time… You need to understand how important it is to have this kind of conversation. Look. In 1976, with the Yankee Stadium conference, then the Washington conference, then the scientists' conference, all of these were successful. They can be seen as successful. Externally, they can be seen as successful. If this is success, then you must bear the fruits of this success in front of all of America and the whole world, but how will you do that? This remains the most important task. How will you do this?

Let us become figures who can handle the world. 

You know we are creating a newspaper company, right? When will it catch up to the New York Times? When will it catch up? In what time? When? If I could, I would love to finish it in a month. Do you think that way? “Yes.” If I had ten thousand people, I could catch up within a year. The New York Times has more than 4,000 employees. If we had that many, we could catch up in no time.

But how many are we currently putting in? We have 130 people working now. Do you know that we bought the Tiffany building? “No.” It is a two-minute walk from the Empire State Building. It is very large. It should be better than the headquarters of the New York Times. (Applause) 

The building is large, but only 100 people are working there. It is a building where thousands can work, but only 100 are working. 130 people are currently working. Where are the people? Are there people? If it were money, we could make it available even by stealing, but people cannot be treated that way. If you bring them in, they will leave. They will leave again. We need our people.

Also, we need hundreds or thousands of people for the fishing business. Should we do that or not? “We should.” Where are the people? If you hire anyone, they all run away. What is done in the Unification Church…

And do you want to establish a university? “Yes.” To do that, we need to establish an economic base equivalent to ten thousand members. Otherwise, we cannot operate a university. At least we cannot operate a university without that.

So, where are our people? If we mobilize ten thousand for the International Mobile Corps, the world will be no problem, I think. So, should we do that or not? “We should.” A thirty-seater plane is flying away. Whoosh… It is flying to a country. If a thirty-seater plane carrying ten thousand members of the International Mobile Corps lands at Kennedy Airport, will it make the news? Will it not? “It will.” Even if it lands every 30 minutes, it will take fifteen hours, fifteen hours. Otherwise, we cannot handle the world.

All these plans are not fantasies. They must be done within a few years, within a few years. Among you, how many have dropped out of university because of the Unification Church? Raise your hands. Many. A lot. We need to make it so that young people do not have to work here, so that our business or anything else can be done without them working, and we can do it through radio broadcasts or TV broadcasts, and you all will be educated. That way, you will succeed and become global figures.

Then, to bring all the world-renowned professors to our university, I am currently organizing them through the scientists' conference. I am preparing both internally and externally. I am not doing that for no reason.

Look. How old do you think I will live to? I am now fifty-seven, fifty-seven. In thirteen years, I will be seventy. I will be seventy. Think about it. If the teacher is gone, who will handle this world? You need to understand that. That is why, by 1980 at the latest, we must carry out stabilization operations and if we do not reach the trajectory that God has planned to some extent, the damage to the world will be enormous.

Why do you meet the teacher? You do not meet the teacher just to pass the time. You meet to become a collaborator and a co-worker in carrying out this tremendous task and mission… You must become either a collaborator or a co-worker.

Our Unification Church has caused a stir worldwide, right? We must take responsibility for that. Isn’t that right? “That’s right.” When you were slandered, what did you think? You thought, “Let’s wait and see, let’s wait and see,” right? You are thinking, “Let’s wait and see.” “Yes.” So, when will you show it? “Now!” There is a responsibility. The reason we have become a subject of controversy is not to have a negative impact on society but to have a positive impact. Therefore, we must show it quickly. We must show it quickly. Do you understand? “Yes.”

That is why we need to raise this trend from the West, from the East, from New York, from the teacher’s close associates, from this close area. Otherwise, it does not make sense. It does not make sense. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” It is a serious issue. The teacher is a serious person. 

The Path of the Priest

How long has it been since the Washington conference ended? It has been a month, and September, October, November, it has been two and a half months, right? It has been exactly two and a half months. I have been receiving reports from your regions and I know that the national situation is somewhat sluggish. It is currently not on a normal track and is in a sluggish state.

Now is the time to lay the internal foundation of the church. 

Now in 1977, until now, we have not been able to evangelize in preparation for national-level events like the Yankee Stadium conference or the Washington conference over a period of three and a half years. Our members have been consumed to a certain extent, but we have not developed. We have focused all our efforts on the conferences. We must consider whether we have brought about consumption rather than development in terms of economic standards or human resources.

Therefore, from now on, in 1977 and 1978, you need to understand that our direction will change. Until now, until 1976, the Unification Church has been externally revealed. Whether you like it or not, everyone has been watching it externally. Even from the perspective of the media, people thought this organization would develop even more in the future. 

Now that the big conferences like the Yankee Stadium conference and the Washington conference have focused the entire nation’s attention on them, we have not had the opportunity to pay attention to our own local areas. To hold such large conferences, a massive number of people must be mobilized. That is something everyone in the world knows. Even if we mobilize thousands or tens of thousands, they will all believe it.

From that perspective, now that those conferences have just ended, the Unification Church must be quiet. From now on, we must quietly move to take practical benefits. If that happens, the media will all lose track of Reverend Moon, not knowing where he has gone, and they will focus on the main church that represents Reverend Moon… The newspapers in each state will focus on the state church, and the newspapers in New York will focus on the New York church, and the newspapers in each major city will all focus on the churches in those important cities. This is a natural conclusion.

In that context, when the newspapers visit the state representatives, you are the state representatives, and what is your current position? If there are no people and if, after a month or two, the movement enters a state of stagnation, it will be a big problem. It will be a big problem. All the atmosphere and environment we have built over the past three years will collapse massively. It will collapse massively.

Therefore, we must somehow maintain the current system and lay the foundation that can influence the state within six months. Otherwise, all the public opinion standards we have worked hard to establish will become a motive for decline rather than a motive for development in a good sense. If that happens, we will enter a position where we cannot rise even in the face of negative conditions in society.

Considering that position, even if the entire state is in a position to be criticized, we will cover it by pushing the state and making it a public opinion through significant activities in important cities. That is why we have recently selected eleven special regions and placed people there. We are doing this to carry out such operations… That is why those eleven cities will be able to influence the state, and by establishing relationships with surrounding cities, if we carry out these focused activities, it will be a good means to cover even if there are no people in the state.
We must develop radical CARP activities centered around professors and students. 

I expect that such a situation will unfold next year, so we need to clearly teach the entire nation through media promotion that the Unification Church is different from the rumors circulating about it. There is truth here, a philosophical purpose, and a hopeful objective that we must convey to the public. 

By doing so, when those who are interested in or opposing Reverend Moon hear these words, they will be able to engage in self-reflection and introspection. Then, we can create an environment that actively supports those who resonate with this message, pushing forward externally with the idea that “Ah! If we carry this ideology forward, there will surely be a great success in America in the future.” Even if you are not doing well, just a little improvement will connect you nationally.

If we conduct this promotion on a large scale, who will like it? It will be the professors who attended the scientific conferences, from the first to the fifth. Those who have been curious about Reverend Moon and have been debating various criticisms will be able to bring the content of the scientific conference to the forefront and promote us. We can promote through them.

If a few professors at the university become our supporters and promote us, generally only theoretical individuals, those studying philosophy or researching religious and ideological aspects will promote us, and those in the natural and social sciences will simply follow along. They will ask, “What are you doing?” and in one word, we can draw them all in.

Therefore, if those professors develop some interest in our church, we will think of how to radically expand CARP activities to connect them here. As you know, last month, we created a CARP mobilization team centered around Joe Tully and sent them out to connect with this.

For this reason, state representatives and city leaders should actively engage with all the professors connected through the scientific conferences in their states and cities, just as they would with their grandparents, fathers, or uncles. By centering around those individuals, we should quickly prepare to create an external CARP form, gathering students based on the recommendations of those professors, even if they are not members of our Unification Church, to invite our mobilization team.

Thus, next year, it is my thought that the CARP mobilization team should quickly tour each state. When we hold CARP meetings, gathering hundreds of students should not be a problem. I believe that when hundreds of students gather, we should utilize that as a stepping stone for our external promotion.

Then, you can report how many students gathered at which university for CARP, and the actual number of hundreds gathered can be utilized as a solid foundation for our Unification Church.

From now on, where will thoughtful ordinary people focus their attention? They do not focus on newspapers. They do not focus on churches. They focus on how universities are moving. They focus on how the youth in the university towns are moving. This is the main point. 

Thinking people in America will concentrate their nerves there. If they are concerned about the country and the future, they will definitely focus there. When that happens, if there is any foundation, all the public opinion that has been formed until now can be brought back to a normal trajectory, to a higher dimension of hope, centered around the campus, drawing professors and students forward to whatever future vision we can create.

Everyone is asking, “What will Reverend Moon do next? What will happen after the Washington conference? What will happen after this scientific conference?” If we say, “We will do nothing and remain quiet. Whether we go to the state or anywhere, everything will be stagnant,” that cannot happen. Then, a big problem will arise.

Isn’t that right? If there is a high mountain, the valley is not deep enough, right? After the conference, we find ourselves in a deep valley… for about two months, for over 70 days, we have been in a position of being deep in the valley from the high peak of Washington, and we must rise up. We need to gather strength while going down and leap over the valley, rather than being stuck in the valley.

That is why I am urging you to work hard during the Washington conference. What does that mean? Even if you are in this situation, you must rise up to a higher place. You must clear your mental standards. Your mental standards are not established.

The problems of personnel changes that need to be eliminated

What surprised me when I came here is that, oh, just recently, all personnel changes were made, but there are still those who haven’t moved even after a month. These kids… Can they take half a month to move? Such people should all resign in the future. I am not that kind of person. I did not do that. When I gave an order, I acted within three days. You all should not have that kind of mindset. If you do not come, close the door. Close the door and go where you need to go.

What problems have there been with personnel changes until now? People have been trying to take their own people with them. They have been thinking like that. What will the next person do? If you have that kind of mindset, your intentions will not be realized. Can someone going for the whole be thinking like that? Neil! If there is such a person in the future, report it and make personnel changes!

Did Dr. Bergman come? “Yes.” He said to me the other day that he would bring some people from Los Angeles… So I asked what he meant, and I said that it cannot be done. Can that be allowed? You should not have that kind of mindset. Your successor should do better than you. To do that, you must leave all your important people behind and be able to hand over to the new person, saying this person has this kind of talent and that kind of talent. 

That way, the foundation remains; if you take all the important people away, it will collapse entirely. It will collapse entirely. Those in charge here must eliminate such a mindset in the future. We must start eliminating it now.

Even at the training center, while working hard to train, I took all the important leaders and sent them all away. Then, oh, the leaders… What is education? The one who is educating is wrong. So, I sent all the important members away. A considerable number of state representatives all went out like that. What kind of mindset is that? If you have that kind of mindset… That is the thought of “Oh, the bigger my stage gets, the better people I should use so that I can be comfortable.” That cannot be. The bigger the stage gets, the more you should think about enduring hardships and nurturing people. That is how this organization develops.

When I came from Washington to New York, I moved all 80 people. I did not keep anyone with more skill than the local front line. So, I made all personnel changes. You all need to understand my mindset. We must strengthen the front line. The front line must be strong to handle everything; only then can the rear be solid. If the front line is weak and the rear is solid, what can we do? Then we are always subject to invasion. So, you all are in charge, and if the church youth under you are capable, quickly push them to the front line. You must nurture the less capable second string while working in the church.

Think about it. In 1975, even with intense repeated conferences in America ahead, we took the most important people and sent them out as missionaries, cutting off our waist, and to compensate for that, we trained new people and replaced them. Do you think that is easy? Do you know how much effort I put into that? That is why we must strengthen education. We must educate. We must strengthen the training center and provide education.

This year, I have tried to put all the important figures into the seminary as much as possible. Good people should be sent out repeatedly, and leaders must work hard to arrange and nurture new people. They must take full responsibility for teaching. Only then can we develop. It is a scientific conclusion that we cannot expect development without establishing such principled traditions. Therefore, when moving or doing anything, we must absolutely not take people with us. Do you understand? “Yes.”

Next, what about the leaders? They are all about money… Some guys are raising funds and taking the money with them. They leave behind debts. If there is no money, they should borrow and pay off the debts, but they are doing such things. They should feel ashamed as leaders for not being able to pay off the debts they incurred and have the determination to pay them off somehow… Otherwise, how can that person have hope? Do they take all the money and leave the debts behind? Those who act like that in the future cannot be leaders. They need to be moved elsewhere. Do you understand?

From now on, the American church must bear all costs.

Secondly, what else is there? It is that leaders are trying to lay their own foundations. They are thinking about themselves. If families are established in the future, that will happen. Such problems will arise. When families are established and children increase, there will definitely be a tendency to think, “Oh, I need to think about my own house as well as the church.” You all must prepare from now on for how to prevent that. That is the last point. If that happens, the Unification Church will not become more than just a family. Do you understand?

Thirdly, what happens because of such ideas? They think they must receive a lot of monthly contributions from our department no matter what. They do not care about others… Such a mindset leads to these tendencies. So, where does that money come from? Do they earn it themselves? Where does the money come from? With this kind of mindset… They must save every penny, and if they need ten thousand dollars, they should have the mindset to report only half and still have some left. Only such people are needed in this organization. As I mentioned before, I put all the economic leaders, that is, the accounting leaders, directly under me, and with a dual organizational structure, this month’s budget has decreased by one-third. Was that good or bad? “Good.”

So, what will you do with that money? If that money is left over, what will you do with it? I will take it to Korea. Am I going to use it? Look. Right now, we need to buy churches in each important city, right? With your strength, you cannot prepare a church even in ten years. You must realize that this is urgent.

The difficulties of European and Japanese members working for America

Now, if we take the money from poor foreign members working in America and give it as aid to the American church, will you accept that aid? Is that how it should be? “No.” Then you all must tighten your belts. There is no other way. That is the only formula. Until now, I have been standing inside and outside, doing this over the past three years, but from now on, it is time for you to take the lead centered around America. You all must bear all of that.

But can you say, “Please help us as you have until now”? Is that possible? Should you take responsibility? “We must take responsibility.”

So, yesterday, I ordered that all Japanese families be sent back. Go back! America cannot have this kind of mindset; America will perish. That is what I think. Is that a wrong thought? “No.” Those people always suffer, and can you all just receive donations and work comfortably? I cannot do that.

Now, when sending back people from Europe and Asia, we must give them gifts for their hard work and send them off, but if we think of that without any care… That cannot be. The other day, 80 people returned, and there should have been a farewell party organized by Neil, with congratulations and celebrations from all over America, but not a single head showed up.

So, because I brought them, I went around buying suits for them, and when they were leaving, I taught them all about the travel routes. They are leaving for a journey they may never return from, crossing the continent. Even when going like that, no one acknowledges it, so I went to Las Vegas to meet them all again and send them off… I did that. That is what the American leaders should do. You all must do that. But did you even realize that? Did you even think about it? Do you think like that? “I think so.” You must be able to see around you and know how to act; otherwise, are you just a person who eats?

Yesterday, I gave $12,000 in cash to buy clothes today and tomorrow because there is no time. I am doing such things. You all must do that. They have not eaten for three and a half years and have gone through all sorts of hardships… You all do not know. You do not know how great their internal struggles were. You do not know how much they suffered internally. I did not tell them, and I said to them, “Hey, stop it! You have stood at the forefront, so you must endure such hardships. You must endure all the hardships caused by discrimination.” I have received all the reports about how they are being humiliated in society, but I did not tell you all. So, do you have any interest in that? “Yes.” After hearing the words, you say so, but do you have any real interest? If you are a person, you should have some interest in that.

Now that we have sent back all the Europeans and Japanese, the more we send them back, the more your responsibilities increase. You must understand that Japan is also in a state of emergency. You do not know the situation in Japan. I know it well… It is a time when we need one person to represent ten million.

But do the young people in America have the mindset to create a mobilization team and think that they will return several times the efforts made by those who have come here in the past few years? Even looking at the operations in Germany in Europe this time, I could have won in the German mission if I had sent just 200 more people there. What would have happened if we had sent back all the people in America?

In such a serious global situation, the reason we hurried to lay the foundation across borders is that we thought we needed to lay the foundation in America. That is the mindset I have.
But if you do not adopt a mindset like that of the teacher in the future, both America and the world will perish. Look at this. You need to understand that 80 percent of the money earned in places like Japan has been invested in America. This is about economic power. Do you understand what I mean? The Japanese people cannot even wear thermal underwear; they are sewing it together to wear it. Do you all know about such things? They have been unable to eat or wear properly, cooperating with America to support the teacher until today. You need to understand that they have incurred such debts. If you Americans are hungry, you think, "Why are you hungry? There’s bread everywhere; just eat some bread." This mindset is why you do not understand such a world. From this perspective, I see that you are living a very luxurious life in the Unification Church.

Now, if you work for a day here, you earn between $15 and $20, or even $25, right? How many days can you eat with that? For $1.50, you can buy as many McDonald's hamburgers as you want. That’s for one meal, right? Isn’t that true? You can live comfortably with just $3.50. This means you can work for one day and live for ten days. Isn’t that right?

Look at the painful reality we faced when we pioneered in Korea. When we were pioneering in Korea, there was no place to work. So, we often went hungry. We would buy barley flour or rice flour, mix it with water in a cup, and eat that one by one while evangelizing for 40 days. You need to understand that we didn’t eat freely. We thought of it as training for a 40-day fast. We did such pioneering…

So, we had to work, but if someone went to work as a local leader, they couldn’t do it because it would hurt their prestige in that area. Therefore, to work, you had to wake up at dawn and walk for five hours. Then you would work and come back at night. You had to do such things within 20 hours. You had to go to a place that took five hours to get to and five hours to return to work. Then, the daily wage is 500 won. For 500 won… that’s only enough for two meals in Korea, just two meals. Do you understand? That’s what you earn in a day. Even if you work every day, you can’t survive. So, you don’t know what kind of hardships your seniors faced behind the scenes. You don’t know. No matter how much I talk about it, you won’t understand.

For example, we have to do the work of the mission. We have to go out and give lectures, but if we are hungry, can we do it? So, reluctantly, when passing by a rich house, we saw a dog drinking water… It’s not like the dog is eating meat. It’s drinking something like warm water, and I grabbed the dog’s ear and said, "You have a rich owner, so if I take this, you won’t die, will you?" and I chased it away and drank that water. You need to understand that we worked while doing such things. Do you know about that? No, you don’t. I am someone who knows well about such things. I have witnessed… I have seen many situations that I cannot express because my heart is bursting.

Every time I faced such situations, I thought I needed to have economic power… I thought I must acquire economic power in a short period… You have no idea how much effort I put into building that foundation in the factory. I worked with such enthusiasm that no one could match it. You all struggle to rise to the national standard, but as a leader, I have a responsibility for the future, so I worked tirelessly, thinking that I must prepare economically for you after laying the foundation.

You know our factory in Sutak-ri, but because we do seasonal work, we have to produce a year’s worth of products in three months. So, the people in charge are all exhausted. They worked not just eighteen hours but over twenty hours. I often went to the factory at two in the morning. If I got caught during curfew, I would spend a night in jail. Such problems arose, but I secretly went back to the factory. Going to the factory at two or three in the morning, I would say, "What’s comfortable about sleeping? You kids!" You won’t know that I worked behind the scenes like that.

Think about how serious I must have been. When I thought everyone would become beggars, it was all my responsibility, and I couldn’t sleep if I didn’t do it. Could I eat comfortably or think about anything else? So, it was common for me to go to the Sutak-ri factory twice a day, and sometimes I went three times a day. It takes more than two hours just to go there.

I also laid the economic foundation in Japan. I did it all. When I said we had to sell ginseng tea, the Japanese thought, "The teacher is trying to sell Korean ginseng by creating competition for ginseng tea…" There were all sorts of opinions. I told them that even if we were in the red now, if we worked hard for just three years, we would surely lay the economic foundation in Japan, but they didn’t believe me. They didn’t believe me. Now they say, "Thank you, teacher."

Having laid such an economic foundation, I had to strategize for America, so I prepared all that money for America when I came here. When I came, the monthly budget for the American headquarters was $25,000. We boasted about spending that. But now, how much do we spend? Now, if we don’t have more than $2 million, we can’t move. Are you all earning that money now? You need to understand that we are now relying on foreign help because we can’t do it. I am telling you this because the year 1976 has passed, and you must know yourselves. That’s why I am sharing this.

With $1, you can live for three days in Korea. That’s how I think. Is it bad or good for me to think that way? "It’s good." If I tell you to live like that, would you live like that? "Yes." If an American citizen, a member of the Unification Church, lived like that and donated all the remaining money for the world… many people are starving to death in places like India. If we donate to such places, that country will be completely restored. That’s how I think.

I know very well that I have spent expensive money on events like the Yankee Stadium and Washington events. I am someone who knows that well. In return, the American people owe God. They are in debt. It is not that those who cannot repay their debts are on God’s side. You need to understand that those who have incurred debts are on God’s side. You must think that way. Therefore, you should have the mindset that God is on our side.

When considering these issues, you need to understand that I take America’s economic problems seriously. Once money goes out, it doesn’t come back. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." I think, if I were the head of the department you are responsible for, how much money would I have to work with? I always think that way. You must always have such a mindset.

Therefore, for America to do well… if all American citizens want to receive government support, having such citizens will lead America to ruin. I say that even if I don’t receive support, America should support itself. This is the education I am providing now. I told the older Korean people not to seek subsidies in America. I told them not to do that. I told them not to beg for handouts and not to play around with the country’s money. This is how I think. I am also someone who educates others like that. That’s why New York won’t fall.

Now, is that kind of thinking bad or good? That’s what America needs. Some people try to deceive others to get money. Why is that? What is the reason for that? From a principled standpoint, such a country will perish. Will it not perish? "It will perish."

You are the same. Don’t be a leader who thinks of working while relying on the headquarters. I myself do not think of working while relying on you. After being a leader for ten years and incurring debts, I think, "I will repay all my debts." That’s how I think. I will do that. Only then can I stand before God. Who can’t do it with money? Anyone can do it. You must have such principled thoughts, principled thoughts. Look. A person in debt must bow their head wherever they go. A person who owes a favor must bow their head. They cannot be a leader or a master. That’s why I work without eating or sleeping to avoid incurring debt. Do you understand? "Yes."

Now is the time for America to support the world in God’s name. I am saying this because the time has changed from what it has been until now. Until now, we have been in a position of being indebted, but now we must repay that debt. Starting next year… Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You need to think of repaying it with interest multiplied several hundred times.

When the Japanese church brought money here, what kind of contract did they write, and what was the interest? They did it in God’s name. In God’s name! Likewise, you must do the same. In God’s name, for the world… because America has a global responsibility… I believe that the blessings God has given to America are not for mixed-blood people to use but for God’s sons and daughters to use.

I want to create vast funds to reach out and help poor countries, even those countries that America cannot take responsibility for in the democratic world. I am someone who prays for that and thinks that way. Just as I made Koreans suffer to open the path of restoration in Japan and invested everything, and just as I made Japanese people suffer to open the path of restoration in America, I have decided that I must invest all Unification Churches in America to open the path for the world. Can you all do that? "Yes." When you spend 80 percent or 90 percent of the money you earn for the world, won’t you complain? You won’t? "No." Let’s see.

Then what will happen to America? America will retain the tradition that can move the world. Korea has taken responsibility for supporting Japan, and Japan has taken responsibility for supporting America. Now, if America can take responsibility for supporting the world, then my mission will be complete. We must go until the end of the third seven-year course. That is the path America must take from now on. You need to understand that this is the path we must take starting next year. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." My thoughts are based on God’s will.

Look. Even though God entrusted the responsibility for the democratic world, everyone is retreating. We must go out to find a way to live. We must seize this again to find a way to live. If we let go of both, we will perish. Look. We connected the world in God’s name, but we are retreating in the name of man, so we must reach out to the world in God’s name from the countries that have retreated. You need to understand this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." If we do not do this, this country will perish. It will definitely perish. Look. It will perish by making a mess. It will definitely become food for communism.

Even our Unification Church members, even though South Korea and North Korea, or East Germany and West Germany are in a fierce struggle, since they do not feel it on their skin, they think, "Whether communism exists or not…" But that’s not the case. We must feel it from the rear; otherwise, there will be no way to live in the future. You all don’t know. What is the need for victory over communism? You might think it sounds plausible, but you don’t know.

You need to think about that. How many years has it been since 1917? In the historical process of about 60 years, hasn’t the world almost entered the realm of the Soviet satellite states? Looking at this, statistics show that we have evangelized one country approximately every two years. Do you think America can win against that? America lost Vietnam, right? Then now, through the media, they are making a fuss about taking down Park Chung-hee’s regime in Korea, right? If that is lost, Japan will melt away. Then they will cross the Pacific; do you think America will be at ease? It won’t last three years. Within two years…

You need to understand that the Soviet Union already has the foundation to give orders to Japanese citizens to attack Pearl Harbor during the Greater East Asia War. Is that possible or not? "It is possible." Now is different from the old Greater East Asia War or the Pacific War. You need to understand that there are underground communist organizations within America.

Now, do you think all media organizations will support the American government? Think about whether they will be swayed by communist agitation. If they fight against Japan, will they say it’s a good thing? When viewed by the entire world, will they side with America or Japan? They will side with Japan. They do not think of communism. They will say, "Now, the American imperialism that wants to take over the world is trying to attack Japan, that little country, because it feels threatened due to its economic power." They will create all sorts of negative propaganda against America and can attack it at any time.

If that happens, American citizens, not knowing about communism, will say, "What are we fighting with Japan for?" If such public opinion arises, they will declare war through Cuba or Mexico. If they poke at the side like that, what will happen? Then the citizens will completely side with communist countries like Cuba or Mexico and protest against the American government. There are many elements that can lead to America’s downfall without even fighting. You need to understand this fact. If I were Brezhnev, I would definitely do that. I could completely consume America without fighting.

Among the students studying in America from South America, there are many communist students who came with Soviet scholarships. America is now losing the entire democratic world and is alone saying, "Ah! Pan-Americanism." But that time has passed. You need to think that if you think like that, America will be fried in a frying pan. It is heading toward that.

When considering all of this, the FBI, CIA, and the State Department are trying to take me down, but such...
We are preparing to block and save in a national sense. You must become men with thoughts and bones. If you are responsible for a state, you must be a leader who can defend that state by any means in the name of heaven, all of you.

In our time, we will create an America that can save all the countries of the world with our own hands, and that is how America will survive. Only then can we find and serve God, who has left America. Theoretically, isn't that true? These thoughts should be made in the church. Does the government have such thoughts? Do the FBI or CIA have such thoughts? Do any youth organizations or anti-communist groups have such thoughts? Only we do, only we. For this overall activity, I am spending money and making preparations that you do not know about.

Some who have been in the Unification Church for a long time think, "What is Reverend Moon? How much money was spent at the Washington Conference? How much was spent at the Yankee Stadium event? How much was spent at the scientists' conference? Why spend all that expensive money on such activities?" There are such kids. Do they even contribute a penny? Can't you also think that way? "Yes." Haven't you heard such words? If you have, grab them by the tie and say, "You brat! You brat!" (Expressing with gestures) If I were stingy with money... I earned my money with blood and sweat. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." No matter who does such nonsense, you must think of attacking it head-on and smashing it.

The reason I am saying this is... now 1976 is passing. The year of the 200th anniversary of American history is today the 4th, so there are only 27 days left until it is over. It will pass. Centered around America's 200 years, we had prepared the Bicentennial God Bless Committee, but where is it going? Will it fall and die or will it get stuck in a mud pit? What will you do? Will you go? "Yes." Your mental attitude must be like that. Your mental attitude must be right, and your purpose of where you are flying must be clear.

Just as I felt when I entered American soil on December 18, 1972, you must have that same determination until the end of the 3rd 7-year course. You must engage in capable activities that can have an impact. That is why I told the American youth who are on mission abroad not to come back three years ago. I told them not to come back without achieving anything. That is how it started. That is who I am. I have such thoughts. Therefore, you all must do the same. Even if the headquarters does not support you, even if the teacher does not support you, you must have the conviction that you will take responsibility for the state and influence everyone within three years. If you do not have that confidence, then retreat.

If you cannot do it, I will raise new people and create such individuals. So if you do not have that confidence, retreat. For America, for the Unification Church, for the teacher, for yourselves... Is there anyone who will retreat? "Yes." Instead, the teacher will face more criticism and slander from the media than before... You will not have such things on your path. I will make it difficult for you. I will make it difficult for the Unification Church leaders. For the sake of America, to establish a purpose in America, to establish your tradition, I will make it difficult for you, and I will make it difficult for you from the state center. Do you want me to make it difficult for you? "Yes." Can you do it? "Yes." Speak clearly. Speak clearly. This is a promise, a commitment.

During the 720 days, we must restore 84 people. Until the end of the 3rd 7-year course, there should be no complaints. There should be no talk about how the headquarters is doing. There should only be complaints about the progress and complaints about the stagnation. Can you do that? "Yes." Therefore, for the next three years, you must not suffer for my work, but you must suffer to lay the foundation that can move the world and save America. During these three years... If you cannot do it in 1977 and 1978, it will be a big problem. If you do it, the 1970s will pass smoothly. You can step over those four years.

If it does not happen, the Unification Church will have to take a miserable path into the 1980s. Just think about how communism will become more blatant and vicious after four years if we just continue as we are. Two years is 720 days, right? A year is 360 days. During this period, you are laying the national foundation corresponding to the 72 gates. Even if it is 70 gates, 72 gates are correct. It must be 72 gates because we need six from each of the twelve tribes. The 70 gates do not fit. So, one tribe has seven, seven. It is seven because it includes the representative. That is why it is 84 people. This is the number we must restore during this period. The reason Jesus could not complete the kingdom of heaven on earth was that that number was not established. That is why everything fell apart. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 720 days...

Thus, because of you, a new... truly, the time is like that. If you unite and go out with a single heart according to the teacher's orders, events will unfold in the spiritual world during those 720 days.

The leaders of the eleven cities must strengthen the entire organization. Now that you have come here, you must prepare for next year's operation... Now you know roughly what next year's operation will be, right? You know the outline, right? "Yes." When you go out with your own subjectivity, you cannot fall away from what the teacher has laid out until now. This must not collapse. You must lift this up. You must fly centered around this. This must be done; it must not fall. Absolutely not.

That is why the leaders of the eleven cities must do well. Then, the leaders of the central cities must each take responsibility well. Is it nitrogen or what? You will not lose; why would you lose? Do you understand? "Yes." All eleven city representatives, stand up. Is it eleven or twelve? "It is eleven." There is one missing. Now you must ignite the fire. No matter what the situation is, you must create a problem. The teacher came to America with such circumstances. You must do the same. Whether awake or asleep... Even when looking at water, think, "You know me," and when looking at mountains, think, "You know me." With such thoughts, go with a single heart...

And hold conferences as the teacher did. Hold banquets, go to schools and talk, visit organizations and talk, and continue to give lectures. In doing so, you must organize. You must not lose to anyone from any state. This time, I instructed to strengthen the organization in Japan, but I also strongly instructed some leaders in Japan and Germany, and you must have the conviction that you will not lose to Paul Werner in Germany, believing that this place is the center of the world and that the world moves because of me. You must work hard with that belief. Throw away the way of thinking you have had until now. Throw it away. Then, you will work with people who can influence that state as friends.

And now, when I enter next year, I will come to you at any time without notice. So, those who can always think that the teacher will come and be prepared will be protected, and you must train yourself to strengthen the entire organization so that you can gather 40 or 100 people within 30 minutes at any time. I will see if everyone gathers within a few hours. Within 30 minutes... To do that, you must have organizational training.

If that does not happen, you will be scolded by the teacher. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Will you complain then? "No." Sometimes I will hit you with a stick, you brats. Who are you here to ruin? Your ancestors want you to be active, even if it means giving you a scolding from the spiritual world. You must know that your ancestors in the spiritual world...

Now, patriots who are concerned about America must know that they are waiting for such young people to emerge. What will America do with the decadent youth of today? They want to clear that away and look for young people who can rise for the world and God's will, and there is no organization other than ours that has such young people. Not only that, but God also desires it. You must know that God desires it. No matter how miserably you are beaten and driven, you must know that during this period, the teacher wants to lay the foundation for victory. Why? Because if that does not happen, the misery that will come later is too historical for the world. To prevent that, God sees it as acceptable to sacrifice eleven of you. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You must sacrifice yourselves, who have a central mission. Do you feel that? Do you understand? "Yes." Sit down.

The state leaders must treat those who come as priests with the dignity of a king. Next, all the other people, state leaders, stand up. The state leader is a priest responsible for the lives of millions before God, a priest. You must know that you have the responsibility to pray and bless those who are dying in your state. Do you know who is dying in your state every 24 hours? So, when you are playing or sleeping, if they die, you must know that those spirits will accuse you.

And if someone commits a crime in your state and is taken to court, you must know that you are responsible for that too. Not only that, but you must know that you have the responsibility to bring all the lives of that state before God. All of nature that sees you will ask, as the teacher said, "People are being sacrificed in your state, young people are going to prison, and people are wandering without knowing where to go; what are you doing?" All things that see you will accuse you, and all the animals of heaven and earth will accuse you. The land you possess will also accuse you. You must feel that my hand must reach out quickly, that my words must be conveyed, and that my sincerity must reach the village, the mountain tops, and all things.

Now, as a priest, if no one gathers to offer sacrifices, that is the priest's responsibility. I must cry and shed tears, praying to forgive this people. You must pray. You must repent for your sins for the nation and the state, thinking that people do not come because I have many sins. If your prayer place is a floor, that floor must remain wet with tears 24 hours a day. Then God will show you whom to evangelize... God must have compassion. You must receive the notice that "I am on your side" on behalf of the state. And you must treat those who come before you as kings. You must have the heart to serve them like the king of that nation... I must become a servant to serve them. A sinner cannot escape from sin. The more you treat them like kings, the faster your absolution will come. Isn't that so? If I go down and treat a sinful person like heaven, many conditions for absolution will be established in between.

So, from one person to ten, from ten to a hundred, just surpass a hundred. On that day, it will automatically spread. So, do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You must turn all your previous thoughts upside down. What if I am Abel and what if I am... If you are Abel, you must act as a priest. Without the people, you cannot be a priest with those who have sinned. If you have such a heart, people may not become friends, but God becomes a friend, and God brings the spring breeze. The teacher has brought victories from impossible situations like the Washington Conference. The teacher had that heart and elevated both black and yellow races like kings, like God. He prayed like that and shed tears. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

You must treat those who come as kings and serve them as kings. You must teach them, "Our teacher treats me, who is nothing, like a king and serves me, so how can I serve that truly high, king-like being?" You must establish that tradition. You must know that the qualification of the son of God is bestowed there.

In the future, even if you make people do fundraising, you must give them more than that emotionally and always treat them with a parent's heart from the position of an emotional owner. People know spiritually. The teacher has done many things to restore the economy, going like a parent, preparing all night long.

You must do the same. Just because you are a leader, you cannot sleep first... You must put everyone to sleep and pray for them before you sleep. When you meet someone in prison, you must shed tears and pray for that person before heaven, and if I have money, I would buy them lunch, but if I do not have money and cannot buy it, I must live in shame, shedding tears and running away, and if you continue like that, your path will never be blocked.

The path you must take as a priest. You, American youth, just try to establish that tradition. You can save all the lives of the emotionally starving American youth. Do you think so? "Yes." Until now, they were fake pastors, fake. But that was good. Now that the teacher is here to guide you, that is good. Now you must change.

You must know that you must change from the past. What you see must change, what you think must change, and what you do must change. It must change. While joyfully celebrating the 200th anniversary of independence, you must praise what the teacher has done and fulfill a representative mission that can save the world by saving America for the next 300 years. The teacher set a purpose to save the Republic of Korea during his youth but could not achieve it, and you must now realize that you have taken on a holy responsibility to make up for that on the global stage today. You must know that you have the responsibility to pray that the glory will be accepted as you restore the sad grief that I held at a national level during my youth at a global level.

One state is like one nation. In the position of representing the king of one state, representing the priest, as one global king, like the kings of 50 states, you must say, "Father, grant me the global conditions for atonement that can forgive the sins of all mankind."
"Pray, 'Please let it be!' Do you understand? 'Yes.'  
You are the representatives of the teacher. If you were the teacher, you would think that I would take all responsibility for the Lord, and that I would give up good fortune and take on a lot of bad fortune. The teacher said in 1978 to mobilize 30,000 people. You should each resolve whether to do it based on 600 people per year, in 6 months, or in 2 years.  
Now, if one person works for seven hours as a standard, if you set it at ten hours, it will be several hundred hours more. You must put in the planned time according to the activity standards. Do you understand? 'Yes.' From now on, you must practice that and aim to evangelize one person on average each month.  
Do you want to take on the responsibility of a priest? 'Yes.' To do that, when you climb a high mountain, you must be able to hear the voices of the people of that region crying out for salvation, and you must feel the urgency of the spiritual ancestors asking for help. You must take responsibility among them. That is what it means to be a priest. You must hold the priest's qualification and take on your own responsibilities. No matter how much your head hurts, you cannot say it hurts, and no matter how tired you are, you cannot say you are tired. A priest must rest only when God commands it. If you cannot take responsibility, you will instead receive indemnity and become ill.  
That is why, to avoid that path, you create a path of persecution within yourself and engage in such play. A priest must start from the bottom, eating the food from below and rising up. Everything must be restored. You must live that kind of life. Thus, you rise by becoming one with the nation and one with the people. It is miserable, truly miserable.  
In that sense, I often think gratefully about the persecution I face. My family and our church are consuming all external indemnity by making a fuss about it from the outside. Therefore, the person in charge must suffer. Suffering becomes a condition for indemnity. Not sleeping, praying, being sincere, and just working hard without resting brings about external indemnity...  
Serving a person like a king is also indemnity. It is all a method of indemnity. No matter how bad that person is, if you serve them like a king, if that person does not receive the heart of sincerity, God will accept it. If that person leaves and does not believe in the Unification Church, I will inherit all the blessings accumulated by their good ancestors. It is a terrifying strategy. I am seeking the blessings of the whole, of all people. It is a harvest. It is a gathering. Likewise, how does the United States oppose Reverend Moon? The same principle applies. Do you understand what that means? 'Yes.'  
A priest walks that path. You cannot make a big noise without taking responsibility. You cannot be distracted. You cannot evaluate anyone with your heart. I am a sinner; how can I evaluate when I, as a priest, have not taken responsibility? Do you understand? 'Yes.'  
When you return, serve all your family members like that. You must serve your family like that. Can you sleep in the house where you serve the king? You must put in your utmost sincerity. If that happens, a new tradition will be established in America from now on. That is how I see it. Do you understand now? 'Yes.' Do you understand how a priest should act? 'Yes.' You must shed your flesh and blood. You must offer your flesh and blood. After that, you must also offer your heart. Until now, you have all been hired hands. Being a hired hand was good. You followed because I took responsibility. That was good. However, you must understand that the time has changed now. Do you understand?  
You must become the second Reverend Moon and fulfill your state messianic mission. Who would like to help the Messiah? Which king would like to help without reason? No. The country that can help must be the first. Therefore, you must ensure that there is no corner of your state that has not been visited. You must draw a cross and travel in all four directions.  
Just as I came to America and traveled all 48 states in 40 days to designate holy sites, you should think about designating holy sites when you return this time. It is also fine to designate holy sites. You must have the conviction that I will arrange everything in these three years while designating holy sites for 40 days. You must think that you will raise and send people with your own hands. You must take responsibility...  
If you understood how busy the mission is, you should not sleep and should raise and arrange people. I have done that. I have engaged in that work. I have been evangelizing and arranging people from 40 countries to 120 countries. Therefore, if you have prayed like that, you must think about it until you die... Those who can pray without forgetting for that will be blessed, more so than those who pray back and forth. If you are not confident, do not do it. It is better not to do it if you are not confident. Can you do it? 'Yes.'  
Then I will believe you. Just as I mentioned earlier, since I do not know when I will visit you, you must organize and train your members systematically, just like the central city does. In fact, I will be busy starting next year. Therefore, I ask you to love your members more than I do and establish a central traditional thought in your state.  
Now, when you have photos from the Yankee Stadium event, the Washington event, or the Yeouido event, think that I should hold such an event here. If you put in that kind of sincerity, you will become a global leader beyond America. I will be watching from now on. You will do well, right? 'Yes.' Should I worry, or should I not worry? 'Do not worry.' Then you must raise 600 people! Educate them. 'Yes.' Sit down.  
After listening to today’s words, I believe you have a general understanding of how I plan to operate next year. And I believe you have a general idea of how the dimensions of the 1960s, 1976, and 1977 have changed significantly and how the providence is advancing. Now let’s stop and receive some reports, and then let’s meet after lunch to talk again."  
*  
Effective Mobile Team Activity Plans  
Where did so many people come from? 'It seems they brought newspapers.' In the future, when there are newspaper meetings or such, only one person in charge should come, just one person. The president and one other person should come. In the future, it is okay if only the person in charge comes.  
It seems the accounting staff also attended today. 'They are all department heads: accounting, public relations, administration, and here are the newspaper relations, New Hope News personnel...' Well, this is a direct mutual responsibility issue and an activity organization for the region, so the office staff should come early and give a full report. I sometimes try to meet with you individually. In the future, it is okay not to come here. Bring only one or two people to attend. In the future, I plan to create a system where the accounting person is the discipline officer, and such a person can attend. After that, you should go back and report in detail what happened in this meeting.  
Now! Sit down. How many are there? 'If you add them all up, there are five.' If there are five, how many are the persons in charge? 'One person.' The team members must come; the team members must come.  
Where did that person come from? They came from CARP. Now, CARP should send the CARP person in charge alone. Then go to the meeting and report. Is it Joe Tully? Joe Tully comes alone.  
What should we do? Kamiya should take responsibility. Is it good to attend here? Where did you come from? Unification Industry? 'Yes.' Attend from Unification Industry, Joseph Shaptik, Mr. Woo, then Juoli, and then New Hope should also attend. And Kamiya, and then Bobby, and then the New York church leader Dr. Bergman should also attend. At times like this, if someone comes without being designated by the teacher, it can be quite problematic. Since we do not know who is from where. Then who is in the back? 'I am the IFA person in charge.' What is IFA? 'The adult department...' If it is the adult department, then the person in charge of the adult department should attend here in the future.  
Originally, if it is a district leader meeting, when the state leaders meet, the current eleven state leaders and then the team members, and anyone else the teacher invites should not be present... They are all under the association headquarters and under the business field, so they should have separate meetings. The teacher mainly speaks based on the activities of the state leaders. Therefore, not only in the business field but in each field, the direction is different. Thus, in specific cases, the international mobile team should also attend. CARP and, where else? The International Victory Federation should also do the same... Therefore, until that is decided, the people I mentioned today should attend from now on.  
Originally, meetings should be divided into two. Why? Because if it is an association, people who do not know the instructions for association activities and cannot take responsibility come and spread rumors, it causes many problems. Therefore, no one should think they can attend the executive meeting carelessly. If possible, only one person in charge should attend the meeting. 'There are two people in Virginia.' If there are two people, the original person in charge should attend, and the others should listen through that person. Can two or three people come? Then do it that way. That way, there will be leadership. If two people do it, even if I give orders...  
When you enter there, no matter how difficult it is, you must go through that system and be able to save the organization; do not think of saving individual opinions. An organized society that engages in organizational activities must be like that. 'I have been here for a long time, so I will do it my way.' This cannot be the case.  
Recently, there was a side effect in CARP where a young man named Ikeda came in and ignored the person in charge and asserted his own opinions, resulting in such disorder. Such results should not happen. If such results occur, report immediately. You cannot leave it as it is. You must report immediately to resolve it. When they think of their own disappointment rather than the loss of the organization, that is a serious problem.  
Now, do you understand that? 'Yes.' Not everyone can come. You must understand that. In the future, if you want to come, you must receive the teacher's approval... Other than that, only the person in charge should attend. Do you understand? 'Yes.' Do you have anything special to report from the state? Now, let’s proceed in order. (State leaders report)  
I believe that will generally be the case. I believe that will generally be the case, but in the future, when attending meetings, you must make an effort to bring content that can be reported specifically.  
To become capable quickly, you must engage in mobile team activities.  
Now, let’s stand up and talk a bit. It is now four o'clock; would it be better to finish today or would it be good to continue until tomorrow? 'Tomorrow!' 'Today!' From what everyone is saying, very few are saying tomorrow. We must finish today. (Laughs)  
You have all tried to evangelize in the Unification Church way until now, but ultimately, I have the statistics on how you should evangelize. Therefore, I think we must quickly organize the mobile teams. If we create just four mobile teams and mobilize the whole, it will be like this...  
A mobile team does not need many people. We should have 40 people, just enough to fit on one bus. Then, if we operate this as a single system and engage in activities to evangelize just one person each month, we will see 160 people in a month, four times four equals 16, resulting in 160 people.  
Now, if we make these 160 evangelized people into a mobile team, that will make 320 people. That will create eight teams. If we create just ten teams to mobilize, then from there, we will be on track. We need to create just ten teams and get them on track. Then we will have 400 people. Thus, we will evangelize 400 people every month.  
If we create just ten teams, and if those 400 people form ten teams, then if those ten teams evangelize another 400 people, how many teams can we create? We can create another ten teams. (Writing while speaking) In this case, we will split this half, and where will we send this team? We must assign them to the state. Then we will have ten states, so we must distribute 40 people each centered around one person in charge. We will do this with ten states.  
So with those ten teams... if 400 people evangelize one person each month, we will create another 400 people. The ten teams will increase again. We will distribute this again. This way, we will train how to lead 40 people in a mobile team and how to assign key members who can engage in mobile team activities.  
So, let’s proceed like that. Then, the person who was the leader here will become the state leader, and the state leader will become the leader here. We will change this. Then, the people here will also change into state leaders. While doing this, we must train the 40 people who are newly evangelized as much as possible to be able to engage in mobile team training and be deployed to each state's mobile team.  
To quickly establish a mobile team structure in each state, we need to evangelize 2,000 new people. If we evangelize just those 2,000 new people and arrange them, then after that, once we create that boom, I believe that 30,000 will be done in an instant. When I came to America, I immediately engaged in mobile team activities... The members were divided at that time. It was not divided now. It grew a lot back then.  
So whatever it takes, we must create a mobile team activity atmosphere in each state, and based on the mobile team activities in each state, if we have 40 people, then 40 people will be raised. We will also establish the leaders of those 40 people... If we just create four places like this, we can exponentially increase.  
Why must we establish educational policies centered on mobile team activities? When entering a new city, we must know how to negotiate with organizations that can yield the highest evangelistic results. We must negotiate with the media and then with the representatives of the state and city, and negotiate with church leaders. To improve the efficiency of mobile team activities, we cannot avoid such strategies.  
Thus, we hold events to create an overall atmosphere, events where people from the state come..., people from academia come, and people from all classes come. After such events, we select all the key personnel and put them into training sessions. Those who come into our church through training are the best candidates for mobile team activities."
This is it.
While engaging in the mobile unit activities, a person becomes quick. Now, there, you have to engage in economic activities, do outreach, negotiate with certain people, so you become refined quickly. The fewer the number of people, the more influence it should have on the whole, especially in a large city or region, because one person has to cover all areas... They need to do fundraising, public relations (PR), go to schools, and do all sorts of things. Sometimes, you even have to fight with those who oppose you, and you have to intentionally seek out those who oppose you. That's why, through experiencing various activities in a short period, a person becomes excellent in every aspect.

So, what Reiner needs to think about now is how to create an Idea of One World Community (IOWC) where one person can reach out to one person in a short period. Since not everyone can do that, as a leader, you need to secure a few people who can accomplish this first. That is the most important thing. Since not everyone can do it, you need to quickly train capable leaders who can move the team and the sub-groups under them.

The mobile unit should provide systematic training so that each person can give principle lectures, forming teams of three people in front of one person. If all team leaders are excellent individuals who can definitely reach out to at least one person a month, then you can take those people out and work together to reach out to four people. This is the kind of training operation we want to implement.

At the same time, the responsible person is always educating. "You do this on the Principle of Creation today. You do this on the Fall Theory." They educate everyone. They check and point out everything, and every morning, they center around this club and do it daily. In other words, they create a core club so that when they wake up in the morning, those people can worship for 30 minutes or even 15 minutes and make a pledge before God.

If they plan for three days, they should save time and not do everything but cover the Principle of Creation from chapters 1 to 2, allowing for a lecture of about 30 minutes or 15 minutes. Then, focusing on the Principle of Creation, the Fall Theory, and the Principle of Restoration, if they do one on the first day, they do another on the second day, and then the next one on the third day. This way, they alternate. Thus, they can study the Principle of Creation thoroughly. So, one person studies this, and then the next person studies that, and by alternating, they sequentially study the Principle of Creation, the Fall Theory, and the Principle of Restoration.

Now, if they do this, how many months will it take to complete one book of principles? It depends on the planning. We can say, "Let's do this training for two months," or we can say, "Let's do it in one month." If we want to do it in one month, we gather every time we eat and discuss. Just 10 minutes of presentation, discussing what the content is, is what we want to do. If we do only a third of this before completing everything, then afterwards, they will all do it on their own. They will acquire everything before doing a third of it. They will know how to study and how to lecture.

Then, the next day, even if you ask them to present the end of the Principle of Restoration, they will be able to do it smoothly. Training is necessary. While living like this, they train to embody the principles in practical life. After that, they will be taught, "This is how activities are done." So everyone will do as the responsible person teaches. If this is done, within two months, they can completely systematize and cultivate people who can lecture. So, who do they resemble? They resemble this person, this person. (Pointing to what was written)

Now, if there is an excellent person among them, they should be made a model, and everyone should be told, "Do as that person does." Train them for just one week and say, "Do as he does," separating them into pairs. Then, those two people will combine their methods. This way, two people will work together, and then one person will lead four people in this way. By doing this, they will gain confidence in being able to take on the responsibility of a leader. "Wow! I did it!" They will gain confidence. Therefore, we need to institutionalize our education system for a hundred years or fifty years... This is done as a group, but if done as a group, everyone will be involved. So, there is no other way to strengthen the cellular education system on the practical stage.

The mobile units should be expanded in a cellular manner.
Even if you study a lot, if you go out to the practical stage and are dazed, nothing will happen. But if you do it this way, you will study a lot wherever you go and be able to implement it immediately. Once you have confirmed only the core personnel who can do this, I believe that you can provide education that exceeds what is taught at Barrytown without needing the Barrytown training center. So, if you create teams of ten from those forty people, the leader of those ten will have a list of who is who, in order, from number one to number ten... The list will come out immediately. The order of the ten members will be fully revealed. You can extract it. Then, by looking at the outreach results and activity results, you can immediately know everything.

Now, if you combine these four teams, you have 40 people. The leader of these 40 can filter out the numbers of the 40. Once these 40 are newly reached out to, you split them in half and assign them. You divide them in half, and then half of that team is given to a new team. In other words, when 40 people are gathered, you split them in half. This division is new people, but since you are teaching 20 people each, you can control them all. Then, you do exactly what you did here.

By doing this, you can assign this to a district or that to a district. Anywhere, the skills are the same. You create a unit of 40 people and hand it over to the district. After that, this district should also do the same activities and increase to 40 people. This way, you will fill the basic unit with 2,000 people. After that, based on this, you can expand horizontally as much as you want. And the district leader must also produce results that do not fall behind the international mobile unit. It’s the same. Isn’t it exactly the same? This is how the teacher’s plan is to quickly establish 40 people in every district.

Now, since there are no people, I am thinking of commanding 160 people to create four mobile units to carry out this movement. If these four teams do this without fail, they will all break out. Then, once you have 40 people, you will make them responsible. After that, you will swap the 40 district leaders here with the team leaders and train them. Since the main territory consists of 48 districts, once you have just twelve, within a year, you will have established all 48 districts.

Now, the first 40 people assigned will keep increasing by 40 each time with this operation. Then, how much will it grow? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." If 160 people can reach out to about 2,000 people in a year, how much is that multiplied by ten? Then it becomes several hundred thousand, several hundred thousand. If you develop the entire nation in this way, if you create just one team in each district, that district will grow and grow over ten months, resulting in a vast number. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Everyone, look. Right now, we need to engage in economic activities, newspaper activities, and various things that require manpower, but how can we break through 30,000 without doing all that? The teacher thinks there is no other operation than this. If we just do this, there will be no problem. Therefore, the solution to the problem lies in developing in a cellular manner, centering around one person. The conclusion is that there is no other way to expand in a cellular manner.

The mobile unit leader has a hundred percent more impact than one person among these four people. Therefore, the mobile unit leader creates ten such people. Ten people are simple. I believe that can be made quickly. Therefore, if you train these 40 people in the same way, you can immediately create four teams. In other words, since one team consists of 40 people, multiplying by four gives you 160 people. This becomes a core personnel that can completely mobilize 160 people. Then, these people can all become mobile unit leaders within two or three months. That’s how it will be.

Everyone, when a person gains weight, it’s not the bones that gain weight, but the cells that divide and gain weight. It’s the same. That’s why the communists say it’s a cellular organization. They have seen it well. All the principles and laws of God are being used by Satan. This is how it survives. (Gesturing while speaking) If this dies, everything dies. Now, what is a healthy person? A healthy person is someone who quickly activates their cells by taking in these elements. Isn’t that the same? That’s why we promote self-reliance. Do you understand what I mean?

Therefore, we need to organize with these 40 people. If there are more than 40, it’s a bit too much. There is no other way. Therefore, if there are five people, do this game with those five people. Engage in mobile unit activities and have those five people bring in five more people and do it that way. That’s how it spreads. It’s the same principle. Therefore, all of you must do this work. Everyone must teach. It’s not about sitting down and saying, "Do outreach!" No. It’s the opposite. So, create ten people, become a team leader, and create 40 people to become a mobile unit leader.

Always exert all your efforts to find one person as your target.
Now, where do you get the driving force to work? (Pointing to what was written) This is the study of principle lectures, and studying is the driving force. A person who couldn’t lecture will learn how to lecture. At first, they might be embarrassed and can lecture for 10 minutes with four people, or they can do it for 30 minutes, or they can shorten or lengthen it as needed. This is practical education. They live this way. When three of our family members inspire and touch others, surely a thousand or ten thousand people will be touched. Have that confidence. That’s for sure. You can have all the confidence.

Then, in direct relation to the principles... they seek materials and think about what they have said and their practical aspects, and if they do this, their knowledge will continue to expand horizontally. If they do this for just a year, they can give more practical lectures, real lectures, than sitting here lecturing. Once trained this way, sitting and lecturing becomes boring. It’s much more enjoyable to go out and do it. Activities are truly enjoyable. With this confidence, even if no one is around, I can quickly create four people. I can quickly create four people. You need to have this confidence.

If you reach out to one person each month, you will gain the confidence that you can accomplish it all within a few days instead of taking four months. Therefore, how to create capable active workers is the key to our victory or defeat. At first, it’s about one person centering around one person and creating that way. Then, when that person’s friends come, they create together in pairs, forming this organization.

Then, when these four people split, they become twelve people. Three times four equals twelve, they become twelve people immediately. You need to plan to develop like that; you can’t just wish for it all at once. It’s just like our cellular organization. If they all come in at once, they will all leave at once. Do you understand? "Yes."

Therefore, wherever you go, you must always create a subject-object relationship... In other words, a complete subject creates an object. You are always playing the game of finding one person as your target. Day or night, whether at the theater or at a playground, you should go and find your counterpart. Isn’t that the principle?

You must bring at least one person or two people and buy them a $1 McDonald’s hamburger. (Laughs) Then how close will you become? "Oh, where do you live?" You can go to their house anytime... It’s all possible. If you can reach out to one person for $1, you should do it as much as you can. That’s the operation you do, wherever you go. Recently, Dr. Bergman went to someone crying at the theater after seeing a serious scene and reached out to them; that was really good. That’s the kind of operation. Right? That’s one-on-one operation, cellular operation.

So, how do we gather 160 people by the beginning of next year? I’m thinking that Reiner needs to create four teams. Then, Reiner must create 40 mobile unit members in each of the 48 states over the course of a year. Mathematically, that works out, right? Once you establish such a mobile unit tradition, then the district leaders will know... This is, this is, this is fake. It’s because they aren’t active that they can be deceived.

Now, if you gather 160 people and make them cry day and night, it will definitely work. If you just grab one person each day, how do you think it will turn out? Do you think you can’t reach out to one person among thirty? Think about it. Do you think you can’t reach out to one person among thirty? So, when you look at this, think about how the historical resentment of God over thousands of years can be resolved through these 160 mobile unit members. That’s an incredible fact. Do you understand what I mean? Do you understand or not? "I understand."

If you don’t speak to three people a day, you shouldn’t eat.
Now, we need to implement this kind of operation. Even those who don’t go to the mobile unit should undergo this training. If one person becomes a cell and makes one, two, three, can you create a trinity unit? Can’t you do it after years of effort? It’s all possible. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you believe you can do it or not? "I believe I can do it."

So, when you eat three meals a day, by breakfast, you should have reached out to one person...
to: all
Talk to one person before lunch and talk to another person before dinner, so that you definitely talk to three people a day. If you don't do that, don't eat. We need to do this exercise. How do you think it would be if you decided to do that? Why do we eat? Do we eat to gain weight, or do we eat for a purpose? The people living in the New Yorker Hotel, and those living on 43rd Street, and many people who come here, should not just eat breakfast. 

We need to spend more time for a purpose than the time we spend going to the bathroom in the morning. We should spend more time than we do for lunch. Right? We need to do this exercise. What do you think would happen if we did that? The real problem is all about... food, food, breakfast! Oh dear... Before eating breakfast, we should go for a walk and meet someone and talk until it's time to eat. That would be good for our health and everything else. If you don't do that, don't eat. It will be serious. If you didn't do it in the morning and didn't do it at lunch, then skip two meals at dinner. Would that make you not do it, or would you do it? We need to do this exercise.

If we do that, do you think God would say we did well or not? That's why members of the Unification Church might not eat breakfast regularly. If you can't evangelize, you can't eat. If you are really hungry while going to evangelize, you will have to stop the car, go to where people are, talk, and then get back in the car to eat lunch. We need to train ourselves like this. Even while driving, we should stop the car, meet someone, talk for at least 10 minutes, and prepare for lunch. We need to do that kind of activity. Shall we do it or not? “Let’s do it.” You should start doing it from yourselves. First, the leaders should do it. If the leaders don't do it, then those kids are fake.

That's why you should wake up early and go for a walk. Go and talk before eating breakfast. Go for a walk. You eat well, right? Let's set the heavenly conditions of the family and eat. If everyone just sits down saying they want to eat breakfast, if they haven't done that, take them out and train them to meet and talk for 30 minutes before they eat in order. Then try eating, and see how good it feels. No matter how much you eat, it will digest well. You absolutely won't have a stomachache or anything like that. Are we going to start doing that from now on? “Yes.” If you don't do that starting next year, you won't be able to fulfill your responsibilities. From the day you return, if you return in the evening, start from that evening.

Everyone should write down their addresses and names, and prepare everything related to the Unification Church, and write down that they can do things like job placement or counseling, and talk for about 5 minutes, then hand out one sheet to each person with a phone number on it. With that, go out on the street and say to the people you meet, “You look like you have some worries, so come and talk to me about this.” You can talk as much as you want. If there are people who like jokes, you can say, “I know someone who can make you happier than that, so come and meet me.” We need to do that kind of activity before eating. 

Next time you come, you should all bring those business cards and show them to me. Do you understand? There are countless ways to evangelize. 

Now, the Unification Church needs to carry out this kind of activity nationwide. Everyone should make name cards and give them out while asking people to come. Then they will come. Each person should have their name on it, saying they are a responsible person of the Unification Church, and write on the back that they are someone who can provide counseling. It’s just like a flyer, a flyer. If you are a member of the Unification Church, you should all have this. We should all do this activity. Do you understand what I mean? Do you understand? “Yes.” 

Next time, bring all the cards. I will recognize the best one among 50 people. Make them and bring them. Do you understand? “Yes.” You should do it right away. Do you understand? You should not eat without doing this.

By doing this, we are establishing a tradition, a tradition. You don’t need a lot of time. You can do it all in 10 or 15 minutes, 10 or 15 minutes. And if you want to know more, tell them to come to me. You give it to them saying, “Let’s meet again.” We need to do this kind of activity. Do you understand?

As a result, if you connect horizontally with breakfast, lunch, and dinner, how many people would that be in a month? Three times three is nine, and that makes 90 people. You would have talked to 90 people. While giving them cards, ask for a business card from them as well, and then send letters. Look. With letters, we are also doing fundraising through communication, and 1%, 2%, 5% come in, but not a single person gets caught? No, we talked for 10, 20, 30 minutes... Think about it.

If you go out for just 10 minutes before meals, or even if you go out for about 30 minutes, the conclusion is that you can easily evangelize one person a month. If you are really hungry and want to eat, you can see the people passing by and say, “Hey, let’s talk.” When they come closer, you can say, “I just wanted to see your handsome face.” If you called a lady like that, you could say, “I said that because you look like my grandmother.” Would she dislike that? “Oh! Is that so?” she would say. Then she would think she is my grandmother and would want to go with me. That’s how it works.

Can’t you evangelize one person a month? It’s about saving America, saving the world, and saving God, and the teacher is earnestly asking you all day long, can’t you do that? Do you think this is impossible? “It’s possible.” 

Now you know the method, right? You know the method now? “Yes.” Try it. Try it. Are you going to do it as soon as you go back? “Yes.” How wonderful would it be to create this kind of atmosphere nationwide?

If we do that, I think it will be no problem to evangelize more than 30,000 people. If we organize like this, even while working in a company, we can create this, we can create this. Dennis! Are you confident or not? Will you do it or not? “I will do it.” Everyone, when you open the door, how many people are swarming around? They are swarming day and night, so why can’t you do it? If you say to evangelize one person and eat one meal, you could eat a hundred meals a day. (Laughter) Don’t say it’s not possible. That doesn’t work on me.

Now, when you go, even while riding the subway, go and push the person you want to evangelize. And then... (gesturing) That’s something you can do easily. Anyway, you can do anything. That’s not a sin, right? God would see it and smile, saying, “Hey, you’re doing well!” Would He say you can’t do it? (Laughter) There are countless ways. Even if it’s just 100 people a day... I could meet 100 people, 100 people. Isn’t that possible? Answer me. Is that easy or hard? “It’s easy.” Isn’t it possible? That’s what we need to do.

From the position of tribal messiah, we need to return to our tribes. 

Now, with this, we are organizing the cellular structure... By doing this, “Hey, if I can make one person like me, if I can make a combo, then the two of us can make another, and I can make twelve people, and in seven years while working, 84 people is no problem! I can do that even while sleeping.” Think like that. You should think you can do it even while sleeping.

Do you know we need to go through a seven-year course in our public mission? If you evangelize one person a month, that’s twelve people a year, so in seven years, it becomes 84 people. What does 84 mean? It means the twelve disciples of Jesus and the 70 others, combining to make 84 people. If Jesus had done just this, He would have established the Kingdom of Heaven on Earth and wouldn’t have died. Would He have died on the cross? That’s why to establish the Kingdom of Heaven on Earth, we need to be better than Jesus.

In Jesus’ three-year course, even three of His disciples opposed Him, so at least three disciples must be able to welcome Him from the brink of death to be able to live and become the objects of blessing. If three disciples had believed in Jesus and died together, Jesus could have remained active on Earth without ascending. Even if He died, He would still be active on Earth. If that had happened, the spirits of the spirit world would come down; Jesus wouldn’t have ascended. If that had happened, all twelve would have... Would only three be like that? All twelve would die. If that happened, everyone following Jesus would have tried to die.

That’s why there is a personal three-year course for Unification Church members, just as Jesus had a personal three-year course. Then there is a family three-year course. The next seven years is a period of rest. That’s why we can’t live together for three years even after getting married, right? What does that mean? It means we should find and establish 84 people, 84 people. Is that right or not?

The teacher lived like that. The teacher is someone who lived according to this formula. Jesus died in a situation where the national standard opposed Him, so He had to restore that position, and that’s why He laid the foundation and started at the age of 40. After that, He blessed three families, then twelve families, then seventy-two families, and developed like that. After that, it was 120 families, then 430 families, 777 families, and then 1800 families, and that’s how it developed. Did that happen or not? “It did.”

Now, you think you should be blessed after just three years, but being blessed is not easy. Do you know what that blessing means? Being blessed means you have completed something, and completing something means that God’s day is decided, the children’s day is decided, the day of all things is decided, and the parents’ day is decided. Everything is decided on one day. And then, as the owner of the universe, you become someone who cannot be accused, someone whom God loves and praises. You should know that you are not in a position where Satan can accuse you today.

Do you all understand? What is the difference between you and the world of Satan? Isn’t it the same? It’s the same, right? Because you have the name of a child with the teacher as your parent, and because you have received all the authority from the teacher, you should know that you can stand in that position. You can’t say that the other side is not good or whatever.

Now, for 6000 years, God has not been able to hold the wedding of His sons and daughters. Isn’t that right? After the fall of Adam, Jesus came and met His bride... He sacrificed thousands, tens of thousands, and billions of people to hope for that one day, wasn’t that the way of blessing? You should know that you are rising to that position, to a position beyond that. You have the name of “True Parents,” so it is possible because you have that relationship. Do you want to be blessed? You have to walk this path. (Pointing to what he wrote) Each of you must go. That’s why you are tribal messiahs, tribal messiahs. You are becoming the messiahs of your own tribes. I am making you into tribal messiahs. Do you all understand what I mean?

From this perspective, everyone must go through the seven-year course. After summarizing 7000 years, it has gone through four stages: 700 years, 70 years, and down to 7 years. That’s how we have come this far. So, those who believe in Jesus have to live alone for their whole lives, thinking they must repent for 70 years. They have to live a single life. That’s why after walking this course can you get married, marriage. The world must be restored, so this course must also go ahead with your sons and daughters. Everyone must go ahead. Everyone must go through the seven years. Do you understand what I mean?

If you think like that, why would the teacher live alone until the age of 40? There were plenty of young women. Was there no doctor, no wonderful women...? But he took a young woman who knew nothing, just like Adam created Eve, and made her a mother. There is that history, so how can we talk about this and that? Do you understand what I mean?

So, if one person evangelizes one person a month, it will take seven years to reach 84 people. Will you do it in seven years, seven months, or seven days? What will you do? Will it take seven years? “In seven months.” If you can evangelize 84 people, you won’t need to spend three years in a family. Why is that? The family represents the twelve disciples, not the tribal foundation. You must return to your tribe based on the foundation of the twelve disciples, the seventy-two families.

If you guide just three people well, you can guide as many as you want. 

Recently, you were saying, “Oh, I can’t evangelize because I’m busy with fundraising...” Don’t think like that. Just do it for 15 or 30 minutes before eating three meals. And just do what I told you to do. It will all work out without any problems. Is that possible, or could it be more than that? Think about it. Then do it. If you don’t do that, don’t eat. If you eat without doing that, your stomach might hurt. Food goes in, and you’ll think, “Hey, why didn’t you keep your promise...” (Laughter)

When you return this time, in front of all the family members, —this is the teacher’s special instruction, nationwide.— since we need to advance toward 300 years after 200 years in 1976, you should notify all the family members about this command. The guards in our house will also be caught. (Laughter) That must happen. Can’t you spare 10 or 15 minutes? (Laughter) What do you think? Is it a good idea or a bad idea? “It’s a good idea.” (Laughter)

This is the principle. It’s a preparation to create 40 people for the restoration of the family. The principle is not just about family philosophy, is it? All the eyes are made for the family. The nostrils are for the family, the mouth is for the family, it’s all made for the family. Look at your fingers. They are not round. They are made for the family. Everything is made for the family. You should understand that and think that since the creation principle is like that, you should live according to the principle. Now you understand, right?

In the future, when we develop activities to strengthen the cellular organization, we have to think from 1977, 1977, since it’s a good number. So you should think that you are completing the third seven-year course. What does that mean? It means moving from Judaism to Christianity, from the Old Testament to the New Testament, and entering the age of the covenant. You should understand that it is a fact. You need to know that we are entering a new era.

Now, in this era, I am talking about the plans to move forward next year. That’s why solving the issue of 30,000 people starts from the family, from three or four people, that’s it. Then you will be better than Jesus. Jesus couldn’t even take His three disciples wherever He wanted, but you can.
You carry them around. When you say, 'Let's go to that city,' they go, and when you say, 'Hey, let's go to the beach. Let's go somewhere,' they follow you anywhere. Since they are a mobile unit, shouldn't the mobile unit leader follow them anywhere? They can go to the mountains, to the sea, to the fields... That's the way you should think.

Now, if you can lead just three people well, you can lead twelve people, and then 120 people, 1,200 people; you can become capable of leading as many as you want. While doing this, you study the principles, the principles. Do you understand? We need to create such an organization. Therefore, Rainer needs to think about how to train 160 people right now. For that reason, I think we need to produce at least two people every week or every month. That's how it should be. We need to do evangelism for that.

Now, go back and evangelize more than two people and come back. You need to bring at least two people with you when you come back. Isn't that how it should be? That's how you create a mobile unit. The main person in charge should bring two people each time. What do you do with that? You need to create a mobile unit. So how many will that be? That will be 100 people. In total, it will only be 100 people. Since there are 50 states, the eleven cities should bring four people each instead of two. For the big cities, they should bring two more... Isn't that how it should be? Even then, it will only be 122 people. So, I think we need to bring in 40 people from elsewhere.

Ah, it's now past 1976, and you won't do that? The 200 years of American history have passed, and you won't do that? "I will do it." You need to leave a record. Raise your hand if you can't do it. If you can't, I will take action against all of you. What can you do with weak people? Do we need to create a mobile unit or not? It is absolutely necessary. So, Rainer needs to make a more radical plan to evangelize one person each month.

Now, we need to create four mobile unit leaders, and you need to study how to find three people for each of them. Then, your team must always come in first. (Laughter) So, you need to evangelize at least 40 people somehow. Therefore, you need to evangelize smart people around you. Look and see if this person has the potential to evangelize one person each month in the future. You shouldn't choose people who are like leftovers.

If that's not possible, set aside the newly evangelized people and bring capable people. If I think that won't work, I will consider changing all of you with smart people from the nationwide meeting. We need to appoint someone else as the main person in charge. Do you understand? "Yes." No one thinks they don't understand, right? "Yes." Since no one is confused, it means that no one will refuse to do it.

To make such an organization possible, we will also provide three-dimensional propaganda. So, we plan to create a national atmosphere through propaganda next year, and you all need to be aware of that.

If these four people go together, they can all go anywhere, even to a battlefield, and meet the village chief, the mayor, and even the governor in the state. They can do everything if four people go. Even if you can meet alone, why can't you meet if four people go? Sometimes, you can meet a famous professor and have discussions with four people. One person asks this, and another person asks that... You can do anything. Do you understand? "Yes."

First, let's create a list starting with 120 households.
It’s good to meet different people every morning, but think about what would happen if we do it intensively. If one person decides on 120 households or 360 households and meets three people every day before meals, what will happen? Go meet someone at lunchtime, and meet one person at a time. You meet three times a day. If you do this, within a year, everyone will become friends. Do you understand what I mean?

This is the strategy we are using. We are deciding to start with at least 120 households, starting with 120 households. If you can't go there, at least try to meet someone on the roadside... If possible, you can meet every day before meals, but here, you will visit once a day. Do you understand? So, in New York, we are implementing this strategy, this strategy. We will print the list of 120 households that one person will visit. Kamiya! What will you do then? Do you understand? Therefore, you all need to carry the list of 120 households with you.

I made this too large, but from now on, we should type it on small paper and write down all 120 households. Write down the names and addresses here, and then write down the dates you visited and how many people you met. Then, you will have the statistics for the month. Everyone will go from here, starting with Neil.

If possible, when you come back, you should stop by here. You need to do that. So, you will convey the message to everyone. Do you understand? So, just like an attendance sheet, draw a line for where you went and circle where you couldn't go, and keep track of everything. Do you understand? "Yes." This is for everyone, regardless of whether they are the person in charge or a family member. If it's a city, you will divide the city among yourselves, and if there is no city, you will assign yourselves to villages.

Now, how many people usually live in one household? On average, three people live there, right? So, if 360 people live in 120 households, there is a birthday every day for someone. (Laughter) If you become close with those people, you won't have to spend on meals. You can have a birthday party at this house, and then at that house, and you can live without spending for all twelve months. (Laughter) Wouldn't that be the case?

Then, you can invite those people and completely unite the 120 people in the village. Then sometimes, you can charter a bus, and for 120 households, say, "Two people per household!" and have one person stay at home while you take the others on a trip to Barrytown for a day or two, creating a good program... We can do anything. We can take them for short training like that.

So, won't you be able to evangelize twelve people in a year? This is what we are doing. Do you understand? "Yes." Anyone who is a member of the Unification Church should have this. Did you understand it or not? "I understood." Do you want to have this or not? "I want to have it." Kamiya, do you have it? "I have 3,000 copies." Isn't 3,000 copies insufficient? "Yes, I will make more soon." Then, it’s not good to make it like this, so next time, make it in this way. Next time, make it smaller so that it can be easily carried. Make it simple so that you can clearly understand it. You will need several copies of this. Design a good one next time. Bring all of this.

So, if possible, make it a principle to go every day, but at the very least, go once a week. You should not skip a week. You must not exceed a week. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Then, write down the names and pray for them. What will you do? Buy magazines and newspapers for them...

If you follow the orders, you can save the country both spiritually and practically.
In the future, whether we become the New World or the News World is currently an issue, but if we become close, we can sell all the newspapers. We need to sell our newspapers too. So, we will do that throughout the entire New York area, and for all the places where our members are in Washington, we will transport everything by truck and sell it all to suppress the Washington Post and the New York Times.

Now, focusing on Washington, then Boston, then Philadelphia, then Chicago, Seattle, San Francisco, then Los Angeles, and Atlanta, we plan to create a printing house for our newspaper company to produce a national newspaper. Among you, those who are well-organized will become branch managers and newspaper company presidents in the future. Do you understand what I mean? If we do this and have nowhere to go, we will move. If we have done 120 households, we will move. In this way, we will cover the entire city...

Dennis, organize this quickly at the newspaper company. Organize this. Quickly establish this organization centered around the newspaper staff. Discuss it with the New York church. Discuss it with Dr. Bergman from the New York church and Kamiya. It seems necessary, doesn't it?

Even if you don't go out to evangelize, if you have time, go there. If possible, sleep there. If possible, go to that house and sleep, and make friends with the local girls and children, and tell them stories. That can be done. So, let's make it like a relative's house. It won't take three years. In a year and a half, it will be completely done.

Then, if you make everyone drink ginseng tea here, if you set up just 360 households, you can live without working. If you do this at $25 each, how much is that? (Writing while speaking) $25 times 360 households, that’s $9,000. Think about that. If you subtract one-third for costs, even half of that would bring in $4,500 easily.

What will you use that for? Can you make just 360 households? If you do this... Whether it's selling newspapers, doing business, or creating families... It concludes that we must carry out such concentrated operations in every aspect. If we do this, when it comes time for elections... Think about it. So, without saying anything, just follow the orders of the teacher. Do you understand what I mean? If we do this, we can save the country spiritually and practically.

Now, if we can influence just 360 households, that area will become a community leader. You will become responsible for thousands of households. Think about it. Is that necessary or not? "It's necessary." Then, the population of the United States is 220 million; how many times is that? How many times is 120 households in 220 million? If we consider the number of households, is it about 50 million? If we assume four people per household, that’s 50 million households. What does that mean? (Writing while speaking) If we do it with 120 households, how much is that? Is it 4.5 million? If we have just 4.5 million people, we can completely organize 220 million.

We need to establish such a tradition. Is that necessary or not? You should think about it. Where can you respond? "It's necessary." Right now, I’m not telling you everything I plan to do.

So, if we do this, these 120 households won't be able to see the New York Times. We can whisper and say, "There are communist ideologies and so on..." We can cook up anything. (Laughter) So, if we sell just 200,000 copies, the New York Times will say, "Oh, let's reconcile, let's reconcile." It will definitely happen. Do you think that will happen or not? (Applause) We need to recognize that we have the capability to mobilize 1,500 people and gather 300,000 within 40 days for the Washington conference, and that we have God's backing.

So, with that confidence, let's do this starting next year. For the next four years, until 1981, let's see what happens if you do as the teacher says. If you become a caterpillar, so be it; let's see what happens. Can you not do it for four years? Others live in prison for four years.

For the next four years, evangelize with hope.
So, don’t say, "We need a car." Just walk anywhere. You can walk to 120 households, right? And if possible, from the first day of next year, let's not wear ties. Only when meeting someone important, but when we meet among ourselves, come as you are. Is it nice to wear a tie? (Laughter, applause) You can go like this. When you need to dress formally, just put a tie in your wallet or pocket, and if you need it, tie it quickly in the restroom and show up.

How much does that save? How much is one tie? Among Americans, excluding women, there are 110 million. If all 110 million buy ties, how much money is that? Even if they are $5 each, that's $500 million... If we help underdeveloped countries with that, how much fame would the U.S. gain? Can you not work just because you didn't wear a tie? If you give it to me, how great would that be? If you give it to me, I could save the world, just for one year. (Laughter) Do you understand? "Yes." Next time, you don’t have to do this. I also try to dress like this as much as possible. I’m going out like this now. That's how we go out.

So, what are we trying to do? We are trying to donate for the country, for the world, and help the world. If someone says that’s bad, those who say that are traitors. We need to have that mindset. In the future, I think we need to create uniforms for our Unification Church. I think we should create a system that rewards those who keep their uniforms clean for decades. Would that cause the U.S. to collapse? Would the Unification Church collapse? We are using that money to help the world. We are saving the world.

So, for these four years, if the teacher says to die, pretend to die... Let's see what happens. Throughout history, all the prophets have made you suffer because they didn’t listen, but if you do everything the teacher says for these four years, I believe everything will be resolved historically. Let’s see what happens. Do you think it will go well or not? "I think it will go well." That’s good. It will be good. So, Kamiya, did you get that? We are starting from New York. "Yes." Then, everyone, do you all understand?

When new people come in, we give them this certificate, this certificate. We designate 120 households for all new members. For the person in charge, that will be their hobby. They should take an interest in how many hundreds of households will increase. Then, they will create that card and spend 10 to 15 minutes before meals to engage in that activity.
Yes. Do you understand that? "Yes." This is not something forced; it's something done for fun. It's done for fun, for fun. 

Now, who might get caught up in this? It could be the president's nephew, the president's children, or the most historical figures in this country. It could even be someone who could become president. Isn't that intriguing? If a bachelor is a district chief, the person he meets could become his father-in-law, and if a maiden meets someone, that person could become her husband. There are all sorts of connections that could happen. Isn't that interesting? Don't you think? "Yes." Who is behind all this? It's very exciting. That's everyday humor. How interesting is that? 

If you kick a passing dog, you could become friends with its owner. You can do all sorts of things. If you walk down the streets of New York and see the best car, like a Lincoln, you could just hop in and wait for the owner. (Laughter) In New York, it won't take long. Within three hours, they will come. Then you can say, "So you are the owner. I waited here for five hours." When they ask, "Why?" you can say, "I wanted to meet you." Then they might respond, "Oh, really?" You can compliment them on their looks and demeanor and say, "I would like to invite you to my home..." You can do all sorts of impressive things. (Laughter) Anyone can do it, everyone can. Just think about how interesting that would be. It's really fun. So don't do it forcefully; think of it that way.

Now, look. Even if you are busy this morning and can't go out, if you make time to rush out and shout, you might meet someone who could be the benefactor of your life. You don't know that. That's why I want you to do it with great hope. Don't do it forcefully. Do you understand what I mean?

So, every person who comes in should be given joy and hope, and everyone should make cards... Wouldn't that help the Unification Church grow? In ten years, if we all go out like this, no one in New York will be able to compete with us. Now, aren't you in your twenties? Just think about what will happen in America when you reach your thirties and forties. Do you understand? "Yes." Now, that's one scene finished, one scene. (Laughter) Shall we continue, or stop? "Let's continue."

We earn money for God's glory.

Now, let's start again. Do you know what a circle is? What comes to mind when you think of a circle? "Wheel!" It's not an apple or anything else; it's money, money. (Laughter) Think of fifty-cent coins, half dollars, silver coins. 

Do you need circles? Every time you see a circle, think of money, money, money! 

When you go out on the highway, do you see a lot of circles? "Yes." What are they? "Wheels." Yes, car wheels. (Laughter) Every time you see them, think of money not just for money's sake but for a purpose. When you see the moon, think of it as a circle, as money. When you see the sun in the sky, or even when you see eyes, think of money! Money for God's purpose! Even when you see your face in the morning, look in the mirror and see that big circle... (Imitating with mouth. Laughter)

Do you need money? "Yes." How much do you need? I want to have enough money to build a big university in the world within a week. If I can buy it with money, I want to achieve it. Is that a sin? Is it bad? If God were to fulfill His purpose that way, would He say, "Oh! That money is bad"? We need money. We have traditions, ideologies, and everything inside and out. Now, if we just have money, we can move the world.

Now, if I buy the Manhattan Center in America, the New Yorker Hotel, or wherever, does it become a problem just because I have a lot of money? That's how you become famous. Isn't that right? So, people in the world think, "Reverend Moon is doing this for his own greed." But in reality, what is it? No. You all know it's for God's desire. (Laughter) It's for God's desire. Isn't that right? "Yes." If I have money, I would like to buy a state. Haven't I bought several states in America? If they want to sell, I think it would be good to buy. It's the same. (Laughter)

So what will happen? If this happens in America, will we worry about being persecuted? Will we worry about the wind blowing? Is the New York Times a problem? Is the Washington Post a problem? Is the White House a problem? Is the State Department a problem? Is that bad? So what do we want to do? We want to liberate God.

So, do we need money or not? We need to buy Ford Motor Company in the future. Think big. I want to buy the Empire State Building. If people in America, people in New York, hear that Reverend Moon is buying the Empire State Building, we have reached a stage where that could actually happen. (Laughter) That's right.

So, every time we see a circle, we Unification Church members... In English, "money" means "many" in Korean. (Laughter) English and Korean are quite relative. Have you learned one Korean word? The meaning of "manimanhi" is "many many." (Laughter) Now you've learned a word. If you learn like this, you won't forget, right? (Laughter) Do you understand? So, do you need money? How much do you need? "Manimanhi!" (Laughter) So, will that money increase if you just sit still? "No." You have to run. You have to run, without resting. Always think about it, always. 

Now, let's make some money. (Laughter) Do you need money? Look. I will tell you a true story. In Japan, when the Japanese members went out to sell ginseng tea... Let's talk about Europe. When I was in the UK during the European conference, I told them, "You need to sell ginseng tea to survive." They all thought, "The teacher is talking about something he doesn't know." (Laughter) Because they weren't doing it, I organized it and made them do it, and they had no choice but to start. Once they started, they realized it was a big deal. Something unimaginable happened.

Now, in Germany, ginseng tea has completely disappeared. It has completely disappeared. Italy is the same, and France had problems with it, but they are now hopeful about ginseng tea. These days, when I meet them, they say, "Teacher, how is ginseng tea doing?" They are all saying, "Wow, have you guys become like that?" (Laughter) That's how the world works.

So, are you interested in ginseng tea? "Yes." After hearing this, you say "yes." It's the same in Japan. When they sell flowers, they are quick. When they go out to sell, they sell more than ginseng tea. Initially, the income is more than double. It keeps repeating, but ginseng tea, once opened, people will keep consuming it for their entire lives.

Then, how much do they promote it to the people around them, saying that ginseng tea is good? Once it starts to sell, the economic base... As time goes on, the number of salespeople decreases, but the quantity increases, and they can deliver it all... You can acquire vast capital from this.

Thus, because capital can be used in Japan, we have laid the foundation to help all of America. That's why we can bear the losses of $200,000 to $300,000 a month from newspapers and still have enough left over to engage in such activities. Now, the Unification Church in Japan can proudly declare that it is wealthy, that Reverend Moon has a lot of money, and that the Unification Church is rich.

This was earned over three years, over three years. In America, it won't even take three years because the market is wider. In two years, or even a year and a half, it will rise. 

At first, the Japanese members didn't want to do it at all. They thought the teacher was trying to make them suffer by creating a factory to sell Korean ginseng. They thought the teacher couldn't do it, just like everyone else, and there were all sorts of people. But these days, they say, "Oh, thank you, teacher." 

Look. How is selling peanuts different from selling ginseng tea? How is it different from setting up a store and delivering it? In that area, the upper class of the city becomes all customers. (Laughter) I was someone who didn't believe in ginseng. I thought a healthy person like me didn't need medicine or ginseng tea, and I scoffed at it, thinking it wouldn't be effective.

But when I made it myself, I tried it just to test it. You know ginseng candy, right? Just eating one in the morning means you can skip lunch without any problem. You won't feel the need for lunch... Do you understand what I mean? My hands, which used to be dry, started sweating when I began eating this. Also, in winter, I used to feel cold, but these days, I feel hot. I think that once someone going through menopause starts eating this, they will sell their house and their wife to buy it. (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

I told Bohee to eat a whole bottle because she said she had no strength in her legs, and how was it? "Yes, I started sweating..." So, think about it and talk about it. (Referring to President Park Bohee) It has a mysterious power, a mysterious power. There is no doubt about it. That's why if you take it regularly, you feel youthful, youthful. Wouldn't someone with money want to eat this? Once you start eating this, you won't need alcohol anymore.

Now, how wonderful a product this is. No matter how expensive it is, people love it and welcome it. Where else can you find such a business? Moreover, it works really well for Americans. Just think about how big this market is. I believe that once the American market is fully developed, it will exceed $30 million a month, $30 million. In a year, we can develop a market worth $400 million, in a year.

Now, that $400 million is the cost. Even if we sell it at five times the cost, that revenue will come into the American church. Will that money be spent all in America? What will you do with all that money? Will you buy Ford Motor Company or not? Will you buy the Empire State Building or not? "Yes." It will definitely happen.

So, is this worth doing or not? Can you all buy a building like East Garden or Belvedere? Will you do it or not? "We will." Once you realize that, everyone, even the association president, will quit their position and want to do this business. "Let me be the president!" They will say. (Laughter) That can happen.

Engage in three-dimensional sales activities.

To do such business, everything I mentioned earlier is connected. Everything I said earlier is connected, in a three-dimensional way... By working on one thing, you can do three or four businesses; that's what smart people do. Why wouldn't you do this? Do you feel like doing it? "Yes." Now you can believe it. If you don't believe it, call Germany, call Japan, and see if it's true or not. Call Switzerland, call Martin Porter, and ask if it's true or not.

So, do you need money? "Yes." Once you sell it, will you sell things that don't sell more and more, or will you sell things that people keep coming back to buy? Which one will you choose? If you go out with a bouquet of flowers, will you sell peanuts while driving a truck, or will you stack things on a van and deliver them? Which one will you choose? "In the truck..." How wonderful, and how dignified is the authority of the business? And people who eat it, no matter how expensive it is, will come back and say thank you, not "This guy tricked me."

Now, starting this year, the best products recognized by the Korean government are rated with four stars. (Writing while speaking) This is the best. Then there are two stars, and they all have these markings. That's why people will immediately know that our products are the best.

Think about it. The principle is that ginseng tea should contain more than 15% ginseng, but we put in 29%. Do you understand? Why did we do that? To ensure the medicinal effect. Since we put in more than double, it can't be compared. Is there anyone who sells like that? That's why this is the first in the world. Even if ginseng from the communist world comes out, they will all try to suppress it. They are doing that now. Do you understand? That's why the government thinks our product is a little better than the ordinary ones. The government thinks our product is slightly better. They don't know everything; we are strategically moving forward. Once they eat it for a year, everyone will know immediately.

They don't know whether ginseng tea contains 15% or 7% ginseng. The general public doesn't know. Even if it's 7%, it doesn't matter. They don't know. That's why, in the global market, the government is now creating this system to recognize high-quality Korean products. Do you understand? So think of it as the best ginseng tea in the world. This is no doubt.

How does this happen? Why does it happen? We have researched the machinery to extract ginseng extract, and we can produce more than double what a regular factory can produce. The ginseng factory is the only one of its kind in the world. Do you understand what I mean?

Now, let's see who wants to sell ginseng tea. Think about the two years of hard work. After that, it will definitely rise. There is no doubt about it. And in America, since document sales are needed, if we just advertise nationwide, it can sell a lot. If we just advertise, it can sell nationwide.

Looking at the current situation in Korea, next year, even if we sell a lot of ginseng in America...
There are no items to bring. Exporting to Japan has become a problem right now because there are no raw materials. So, I instructed to invest 15 million dollars this year to buy land and purchase more ginseng that is two or three years old. So, how are you thinking about preparing for sales in the U.S. in the future? We have to do that, right? "Yes." We need to make it so that people can consume it as easily as eating rice. If we prepare everything like coffee, that would be incredible. How great would that be? (laughs) If that happens, even if we serve coffee-like products to guests, they won't want to eat them. That's bad for the body, so why would they eat it?

Now, you understand without further explanation, right? You understand now? "Yes." So, do you want to sell it? "Yes." Do you want to sell it, George Hurlensler? "Yes." (laughs) If you manage to sell it even with difficulty, all the problems will be solved. Right now, the inventory of ginseng tea... Look. I haven't touched it because I can't until after the Washington conference and the Yankee Stadium event, but starting next year, I will get involved. Do you understand?

So, do you all want to do it? "Yes." You can do evangelism and sell ginseng tea... But that's not possible. You can't do it if you want to eat it. The economic issues of that week will be resolved depending on who among you lays the foundation steadily first. This will sequentially create a formal difference. So, not only ginseng tea but also ginseng extract will be made into capsules, and I've prepared everything so that Americans will need it.

Let's talk about ginseng extract. Ginseng extract is imported from Japan, and since it is an agricultural processed product, there are no taxes. There are no taxes. However, ginseng tea incurs a 25% import tax. So, this year, the message is to sell ginseng extract. In Japan, they campaigned to sell this for $180 per 300 grams.

As it started selling in bulk, the Japanese government questioned whether it was fake... (writing on the board) Genuine products are going out like this, but they can make something that looks and tastes the same for just $18. How can they believe that? So, the Japanese government specially commissioned a thorough analysis and research on how expensive this is. They concluded that it cannot be this expensive. They planned to take down the Unification Church with this. Several pharmacists analyzed it and found it to be very good. They concluded that it should be worth $120. Do you understand what that means? So, they went "shh— shh—." Our information department found all this out. The government was quiet, but once they find out, how much do you think they will sell? (laughs) Do you understand?

So, this is undeniable. This is among medicinal materials... Even if Japanese people try to make it as medicine, they can't. After switching from ginseng tea to ginseng extract, sales nearly doubled. Do you understand? So, the U.S. should sell ginseng tea now, but in the future, we must urgently push for extract sales. It is now the Christmas season, which is a sale period. This will continue through December and January. We have about $500,000 worth of inventory, and we need to sell it all. Do you want to sell it? "Yes."

When we import it, it costs more than $5 per 200 grams. Since it has been over a year and a half since it came in, with interest, it costs about $7. It exceeds $6. This is not something to discuss with outsiders. Even if you know today, keep it quiet. You shouldn't talk about it when selling. Now, how much are we going to sell it for? We are selling it for $25.

So, how much do we pass it on for...? (writing while speaking) There are 100-gram and 200-gram packages, and if we pass it to the department store for $15, they will sell it for $25. If we pass the 200-gram package to the department store for $15, how much will we pass the 100-gram package for? If it's $7.50, then combining the 100-gram and 200-gram packages, it totals $22.50. Do you understand what I mean?

Kamiya, how much is the cost for 100 grams? It is sold for $13, but the cost is $4, right? "The cost is $3.05." Didn't you say it was $4? "For 100 grams, it's $3.05." $3.05? "Yes." Then, adding the $7 for the 200-gram package, it totals $10.50, and we will give it to you for $10. In the next two months, we will pass it on at cost. We are planning to pass the 300-gram package at cost. Now, how many do we have? There are 45,000 of the 200-gram packages and 30,000 of the 100-gram packages. Do you understand what I mean? Kamiya, do we have a lot? "Yes." You need to sell all of that within these two months. "Yes, I will do that."

So, we are trying to import extract in capsules. Selling is the same. Generally, it's $25 and the 100-gram package is... how much did you say? "It's $13." $13? We will continue to sell it, so we will set that as a principle, but then quietly go and not tell anyone and do it specially... You are to do it appropriately. Even in general department stores, this is $15, and these two packages for $22.50 will go for more. So, you shouldn't sell it for less than that. You need to know that. However, if someone buys a 200-gram package for $25, it is okay to give them a 100-gram package for free. Giving it away... So, selling it for $25 is certain. One is a gift. If the department store finds out, it will be a big problem. Do you understand? "Yes."

Kamiya! What are you going to do? From this month, there are 18 locations... There are 18 locations across all states in the U.S., so come by car and sell it. Keep doing it. Instead, you need to write a check and go, in cash. Why? Because we need to order from Korea immediately, and it takes more than three months to get the order. Only then will the items you can sell come.

So, if you sell one, you can buy it back for double, so you can increase it as much as you want. Three times seven is twenty-one (3×7=21), so you can buy more than three times, which means you can develop it without having a lot of money. So, when you go this time, report to Kamiya how much you think you can sell in two months. That way, we can prepare and arrange everything here. You will have to take responsibility for that. Do you understand? Kamiya! "Yes." Prepare for that. "Yes, I understand." Whatever it takes, make sure to sell everything within these two months. "Yes."

Then there is the deadline issue, but if the deadline passes, it takes six months to import by ship. That should be fine. That won't be a problem. Now, do you all understand? It's already six-thirty.

We need to create a traditional form through worship and prayer life. I have mostly shared my instructions today. What I talked about today is mostly instructions. Do you understand? You should have a rough idea of what to do this year. From next year, we will focus on this. So, we need to prepare everything so that we can all practice this as we know it.

Now, if we import ginseng tea worth a million dollars each month next year, we will have an income of five million dollars a month. If we do this for a year, it will triple. We will have three times the profit in a year. Why? Because one person will definitely promote it to three people. Then next, it will exceed three million dollars. Once it exceeds three million dollars, it will then rise to ten million dollars. Then it will rise to thirty million dollars. If we start with a million dollars next year, it will reach that standard within four years. It is not a distant story. Do you understand? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." There are miraculous economic resources here, miraculous. So, if you have the will, give it a try. This is certain. So, keep that in mind...

Time has passed a lot; how long will it take to get to Radio City in New York? "It will take about an hour and a half from here." What time does it end? Around nine o'clock? These days, there is a Christmas show, so it would be nice to go and see it. Let's have dinner and go quickly... Do you want to see that? (applause) How many people are there? "There are 115 people." Then how much is that in total, since it's $400 each? Let's have dinner here...

And one more thing to mention? I plan to go to Las Vegas on the 8th, where Elvis Presley is currently performing. I want to take Elvis Presley to Tokyo to sign a show contract, so I plan to go and listen to him. I need to pick twelve people to go with me; I would like to bring two from the West and ten from our guards here. From the West, I will call Dr. Dust and Neil.

And during Christmas, I told the seminary students to send anyone who can go. They can invite people from their homes or special cases, but if everyone from the MFT activities goes, it will be a big problem, so it would be good if they could bring their parents to meet during that week. If their parents send travel expenses and problems arise, they can send them if possible, but it will be difficult to move this time. If you see that a parent is sending travel expenses and it becomes a problem, you should send them, but do not force it.

And everyone, we have our meals on Sundays and the first morning of the month. And if possible, we should gather on Wednesdays and Sunday evenings... Seven o'clock in the evening would be good. Until now, we couldn't keep it because of events like the Yankee Stadium conference, but that can't continue. If we do not hold formal worship in the future, we will receive many accusations from established churches. Established churches think we do not hold worship or read the Bible. Do you understand? "Yes."

So, until now, we had no choice but to do that, but starting next year, we need to formally revive this and create an atmosphere where we can evangelize relatives and friends at this time. Then, we need to create a traditional form that does not fall behind established churches regarding hymn leading, prayer, and preaching.

And the circuit members should diligently travel around, and if there are special matters, tell Sang-cheol. He used to do well but hasn't been doing it lately. Contact Mrs. Choi (Choi Won-bok). If there are special matters, it would be good to have Mrs. Choi report to the teacher. Do you understand? (President Park Bo-hee prays)

Tomorrow morning, we will start at six, so if you want to attend, you can, and if you don't, that's fine. You can leave if you want. Tomorrow morning, there will be a gathering here.

And Neil... When you all go back, what you need to do is that the first day of the next year is God's Day, and it is the day that marks the beginning of 300 years for America, so it is a historical day from our perspective, and we need to celebrate it well.

So, you need to plan ahead for the principle lecture conference, singing competition, and everything. You need to plan for all the competitions. Start planning from now. You should prepare to participate in these competitions when you come back home.

You will probably need to attend here on the morning of the 31st for all the meetings. In the afternoon, those who can attend together... We will have those meetings and everything at that time. So, you need to come on the 31st and prepare everything. Everyone should be here by ten o'clock. I am thinking of holding all the meetings before that. And Bo-hee, we need to hurry up with the preparations for the broadcast we were planning. * 
          Selected Words of Reverend Sun Myung Moon <Volume 89>       
               Printed January 15, 2002
               Published January 25, 2002
               Editor: Reverend Sun Myung Moon's Words Compilation Committee
             Publisher: Hwang Seon Jo
             Publishing Company: Seonghwa Publishing Co., Ltd.
               Address: 172-1 Cheongpa-dong 1-ga, Yongsan-gu, Seoul
           Phone Number: 715-3894~6, 701-0110 (Cheongpa Bookstore)
           FAX Number: 701-1991
           Registration Number: No. 3-98
             Registration Date: May 20, 1961