Mr. Sun Myung Moon's Selected Words
95
Mr. Sun Myung Moon's Words Compilation Committee

Foreword
                   President of the World Peace and Unification Family Association, Hwang Seon-jo

Table of Contents
  Foreword …………………………………………………… 3
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································

1)
Only Action Remains
We are aiming for 30,000 by 1978, and when we secure 30,000, you need to know that we will mobilize a task force of 10,000. 
The goal by 1978
If we mobilize 10,000 in one country, we need to mobilize 30 vehicles at once. Think about it. Even if it takes 30 minutes to deploy one vehicle, it would take 15 hours if we do it in 20-minute intervals, which means over ten hours of time. Consider this. A global event will unfold. A global event will occur. (Laughter) We have made it possible to mobilize 1.2 million people in Korea with a task force of 700; how many millions can we mobilize with 10,000? That’s 15 times more. It’s 15 times 700, 15 times.
If this happens, we will inevitably enter a crucial era where the foreign minister can negotiate directly at the national level. Therefore, to support this, we need to secure 10,000 economic members. What will happen if we do this? Even to that country…. After reviving that country, we can mobilize its people for fundraising.
October 16, 1977 (Sunday), Belvedere Training Center.
* This statement was made after the speech titled "Let's Return with Tears," and the title was added by the editor.
8   Only Action Remains
If this happens, there will be competition at the national level to support the Unification Church movement and to attract people to their own countries. Now, if we consider 10,000, if we set the daily cost per person at $50, that amounts to $500,000 a day. That’s $500,000 in expenses per day. In a month, that would be $15 million (3×5=15). All expenses would go into advertising.
If we have just two months, that means $30 million will be moving, and from a national perspective, the entire country will have to mobilize and negotiate. (Laughter)
With this boom, if we sweep through a few countries, many intellectuals worldwide will want to join the international task force, many. This is fantastic. Each country can rotate through, sightseeing, educating, and doing everything inside and out. Think about what that would be like. 
If we provide $50 a day for the best task force activities, how eager will young people worldwide be? Not only that, it will be an event so captivating that it will mesmerize them. Such a captivating movement will occur. Because of this, there will be so many people flocking in the future, through tests in Asia, Europe, Africa, South America, and the United States, we can extract only the most talented individuals through a testing system.
Is there no music band, no buyer team within itself? Everything is covered internally. And if that country has 20 ministries, we will send specialized personnel corresponding to those 20 ministries to negotiate with each department. This is how we will build relationships. Then, we will be able to move in complete relation with the ministers of that country.
Then, when these assembled members negotiate with each country, they will say, "Come to our country, international task force. Come every year." Through these people, all communication will be with the president and the foreign minister. What problems will arise? Think about it. Will there be opposition then, too? We need to secure 30,000 by this year and next year; how can we do that? Now, it’s only through propaganda. 
Through media outlets, through TV, through books…. If a million people bought books, we could sell to a million people, and no matter what, we could draw out at least 3 percent. That’s a given.
Park Bo-hee is currently sending through our Hanmi Foundation with a 2 percent expectation. If we establish direct relationships, we expect more than 5 percent attendance.
Even looking at New York, where ten million people live, if we all gather in groups of 360 and lead them, think about it. Therefore, I believe this is not difficult. Now, when we secure 30,000, why do we need 10,000 economic members? To support the 30,000 task force, we need at least 10,000 economic members. So, we have completely prepared a system that can deploy 10,000 MFT (Mobile Fundraising Team) members. It’s a system that can accommodate as many people as needed.
If we standardize $100 per person per day, half must be allocated to the task force. As long as we lay some groundwork in our ginseng tea sales, this will be resolved automatically. Furthermore, when we lay this groundwork and conduct international task force activities globally, those connected to us in the U.S. can go anywhere to conduct fundraising. They can fundraise as much as they want.
What the teacher emphasized during this tour is that until now, fundraising has been done through personal sales, whether selling peanuts or chocolates, but let’s not do that anymore. When we enter a village or town, there are many grandmothers and grandfathers, and we should get close to them, mobilizing their friends, 100 or 200, to sell on their behalf, and then we should establish a monthly regular donation campaign of $5 or $10 through those grandmothers and grandfathers.
10   Only Action Remains
When 10,000 international task force members move,
if one person can mobilize 100, when we become a task force of 10,000, we can secure 1 million task force members. Even if each person gives $1, that’s $1 million. If it’s $10, that’s $10 million. We can lay a vast foundation.
We are transitioning in that direction, and we have completely established that system. Thus, we need to create a core unit of 3,000 out of 10,000 and quickly establish 3,000 centers. That would be 60 centers a week, right? "Yes." We will have our centers in 60 locations. Then we can absorb them. That’s possible. Even if the Unification Church is swept in like a storm or a typhoon, we can completely accommodate it. This way, we can accommodate as much as needed.
If we create problems internationally and just establish the organization domestically, we can handle it as the wind blows. After that, 30,000 can instantly become 300,000, instantly. 300,000 can become 3 million instantly. Young people in America will have to take a look at the Unification Church. They will all take a look. Scholars and intellectuals will inevitably take a look. Once they look, they will be caught. (Laughter)
When 10,000 international task force members are active, I will bring along all the famous Nobel Prize winners. I will bring them all along. Think about it. So, at the scientists' conference, all contacts are already established. Isn’t that right? We are laying that groundwork. Now, if we establish a few world-class universities, we will have the foundation to completely accommodate these people inside and out. We will build them in the U.S. and in about 10 countries, and I will ensure that these world-class scholars are all supported as world-class scholars.
Now, when we mobilize 10,000 task force members, will America survive or perish? "It will survive." If 10,000 Americans all go to Germany, the American ambassador in Germany cannot help but welcome them. They will come out to greet us. (Laughter) When problems arise, the ambassador’s head will be on the line.
And will the American ambassador and the German foreign minister hold meetings because of this task force? Will they meet to accept us or not? Think about it. Do you think they won’t? "They will." If we go once and the results are good, they will keep the door open forever. Do you understand? "Yes." If just about 10 countries do this, all countries around the world will be calling for the Unification Church’s international task force to come.
And with an international task force pass, there’s no need for visas or passports, no investigations needed. At that time, we will dress them in splendid uniforms. Whether on a plane, a ship, a train, or a bus, they will all be exemplary. They will all be exemplary. The international task force will be made up of exemplary people. (Applause)
At that time, people will see us as the peace security force, the peace police. If 3,000 people are on a ship, we can organize a peace team that can manage those 3,000 through the captain and discussions. Whether on a ship, a plane, or a bus, it will all be….
Not as citizen police, but as global police, we will play that role. We can even organize to that extent. Amazing things will happen. 
When considering all these issues that can enter the world at once, we must do this by June 1979. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."
At that time, thoughts will change. Look. Then, think about how much competition there will be among airlines to provide charter flights for us centered around the Unification Church. If 10,000 people board at once from New York, we will need 30 jumbo jets; are there 30 in New York? We will need to pull planes from each company, and they will all have to compromise together. Reverend Moon will be there to coordinate. The issues will become complex and large. (Laughter)
If this happens, through the Department of Defense or the State Department, when we move, not with jumbo jets, but if we ask for all the security to be attached to the Saber jets, they will provide an escort. They will be excited to do it.
Think about how wonderful this would be. If the world becomes like this, if we play this game globally, even if they say not to pay attention to the Unification Church, they will have to pay attention, and the communist world will think it’s a big deal.
Now, when 10,000 American task force members enter the Soviet satellite states, they cannot say not to come in. At that time, if they say not to engage in religious activities, we can engage in scientific activities, and activities through famous scholars or philosophers can be done freely. If they oppose that, they will completely fall into our operation.
If they oppose, we will say, "In the future, communists cannot enter any cultural aspect of America." This is how it will be. Reverend Moon is Korean, but you are American citizens, so you can fly from here to Moscow in the name of the American government. Think about it. Should we do this or not? "We should." If we do this…. Think about the Unification Church in the 1980s, four years from now.
You all have gone through persecution in New York until now, saying "Oh no!" but that time will pass. Now, should we do this or not? "We should." Therefore, we need to create 30,000 in about two years. If we create 30,000, I will definitely cause problems in America. Forget about everything else; if the teacher focuses on 360 houses in New York, working day and night, we can pull out not just 30,000, but even 300,000. Think about it. 
If each of the 360 houses takes responsibility and moves, America will survive, and the world will survive.
If this happens, with money, we can create a task force of 10,000 in Asia, just in Asia. Even if they are not Unification Church members, we can conduct tests and create them all. That’s not about being Unification Church members; it’s about gathering new people. The subjects of the tests will be the principles of the Unification Church, international law, and then through the world history, everyone will gather and study hard to pass.
There is no closer path to success than the Unification Church, and no more wonderful path than the Unification Church, so everyone will be compelled to study hard. Isn’t there a Unification Church university? Isn’t there a Unification Church newspaper? There’s nothing that doesn’t exist in the Unification Church. Everything exists. There’s no lack of artistic groups, no lack of companies; there’s nothing that doesn’t exist. Therefore, those who have a strong desire to succeed and want to make a name in the world will all come into the Unification Church, right? Do you understand? "Yes."
Now, young people in the Unification Church, if you think, "Oh, I believed in the Unification Church for no reason," stop that thought. All those who graduated from the seminary are struggling and not listening; just wait and see how miserable and disgraceful it will be. No matter how hard you try, you cannot surpass the teacher, and there’s no way to deal with the foundation the teacher has built and what the teacher will do from now on.
Now, do you believe this? "Yes." Now you believe it from a place where you can see it. In the past, we believed without seeing. Can we do it? "Yes." This is about breaking bones, not sleeping, forgetting to eat; we must do this movement in New York, right? "We must." When I think about this, I can’t sleep. I can’t sleep, and even if I just lie down, I feel like dancing because I can see the bright future ahead; why wouldn’t I do this?
If we have to endure three years, not 30 years in prison, can’t we do it for three years? Especially when it’s for our lives, our families, and our country, how can we not do it for the world, God, and humanity? 
Are the good-looking people going to quit? "No." Then will the good-looking people want to take the lead? "Yes." What about the not-so-good-looking people? (Laughter) "They will take the lead." Ah, I’m frustrated that I’m not good-looking, but I’m going to take the lead in the Unification Church? I can’t do that!
Raise your hand if you think you are good-looking. Those who think they are not good-looking will be punished. What will that lead to? What will that accomplish? By walking this path, God will live, and Reverend Moon will be liberated, that’s what I’m saying.

The teacher wants you to be comfortable so that you can travel around the world, right? Don’t you want to help everyone live comfortably, building bridges to the top? Even our mother struggles to keep up with me, saying, "Oh, when will we get there?" Our children say, "Oh, I’m so sleepy, sleep, sleep!" Don’t we need to liberate our mothers too? "Yes." (Applause) Look, even I can’t move when my mother raises her voice. I’ve never given birth to a baby, but when I think about how hard it is for a woman who has given birth to ten children... I don’t know that. It’s hard to understand. (Laughter. Applause) So, I must not be ashamed, and I must not lose my energy; you all need to act quickly.

When our parents are liberated, then you will be liberated. That’s how it is. This is not an impossible story. It is possible. Reverend Moon came alone and turned America upside down for three years, and similarly, if you all decide to work with Reverend Moon, New York... This can be done with just one person in New York; what do we need a lot of people for? 

If you all move this 360 units, America will be saved, and the world will be saved. Can’t we do that? This is how it will become a reality. If you follow what the teacher said, New York will be saved, and if New York is saved, America will be saved, and if America is saved, the world will be saved. If the world is saved, the communist world is not a problem.

Think about this issue of 30,000 people. From start to finish in New York... That’s why I came to New York to pave the way. I settled here. Do you understand? So, if you can’t do it, I’m thinking of immigrating all the Unification Church members from Europe to make it happen. Do you understand? If that doesn’t work, we’ll just replace you, just like that. If you can’t do it, we’ll throw you out. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Such things must not happen. 

Put all your strength into securing 30,000 people to move the 360 units. 

What day is today? Today is the third day since October 14, 1977; today is October 16. October is always the month of liberation. October 4 is like that. So, you need to know that all historical missions are focused on our shoulders.

Do you know why there was such a commotion about entering a new era on February 23 of this year? It was on the teacher’s birthday. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, you must understand that the Unification Church is on the front line, on the front line. So, you need to understand this. It’s an offensive operation, an offensive operation. From this year until 1978 and 1979, for three years, we will create a global task force and lay the foundation for a worldwide movement, and on the day I rise, the world will be drawn in.

Each person should evangelize one person per month. So, provide books, make cassette tapes, and promote... There are books by external scholars, and everything is prepared. So, is it possible? More than possible, it will definitely happen, right? "It will definitely happen." You understand for sure, right? It’s not night; it’s day, day. You understand it clearly, right? "Yes."

Until now, your eyes have only seen those who are less active and resting. Don’t look at those people. Look at the ones who are doing well. "That person is doing that, so I need to be one step ahead of them." You need to do that. If you do, unmarried girls will have wonderful husbands waiting for them, and unmarried boys will have wonderful wives waiting for them, and a wonderful God and a wonderful Unification Church and a wonderful world will be waiting. Do you understand? "Yes." If you do that, everything will...

So, will you evangelize 30,000 people? "Yes." If you can’t do it, I will do it, I will. I will step forward and visit all 50 states of America and make it happen at once. In return, you must put in all your effort. When you say, "I can’t do any more than this," then I will do it. Why do I want to put you in front? Because I want to give you global blessings. I want to prepare you to maintain the blessings that God has established for 200 years.

Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You must do it, you must. Will you do it or not? "I will." Think about it. It will definitely happen, definitely. If it doesn’t work in America, I will gather people from around the world to make it happen. My thought is to center it around America. If we center it around the world, America will become insignificant. I want to restore all that prestige. If this doesn’t happen by 1979, I will definitely mobilize people from around the world until 1981. On that day, America will not be able to lift its face. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

So, you need to understand that the world restoration is not difficult. You may think it is difficult, but it is not. In our lifetime, in your 30s and 40s, it can be possible. That time is now. The potential, the motive to achieve it is here. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

When will I be able to instruct a task force of ten thousand people? When will that be? The sooner, the better, the sooner, the better. So, how much effort do you need to put in? When you receive your assignments of 360 units in New York, you may have thought, "How will that happen? It’s hard." But after a few months, you will realize that there is a tremendous potential for movement here. Did you understand that? "Yes." Do you know? "Yes."

Look. In New York, if we are to advance into politics, it cannot happen without our involvement. If New York moves freely, you must understand that even the president will come and go. We need to build relationships with all those who have a liberal inclination, senators and representatives. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

You must become those who can receive cooperation from the spirit world. 

Now, you must have understood clearly. Even if you think about it while sleeping, you will surely understand, right? "Yes." You should seriously think about it and unconsciously feel, "Oh, I need to go visit," and open the door and go out. Try doing that. If you do, the spirit world will cooperate, the spirit world. The cooperation of the spirit world will unfold. Do you understand? That’s how the spirit world moves. That’s how the spirit world cooperates. Your ancestors will appear and say, "This morning someone is coming; you should wait for them outside the gate. Buy them clothes because they are cold and can’t eat. Cook for them." This movement will unfold.

It’s not a lie; such things have happened countless times in my life. Just like the cooperation I received, similar things will happen to you. That’s how the world can be restored even if I die; even if I leave, the world can be restored. If you prepare and move like the teacher, the spirit world will surely cooperate. Do you understand? "Yes."

People who are not members of the Unification Church don’t understand what this means. They don’t know. They don’t understand what this means. This is not a threat; it is a fact. It’s not a threat. When you go to the heavenly kingdom, the spirit world will say, "Ah! Miss John is coming, Miss Who is coming," and they will all be happy to welcome you, and all the spirits that were mobilized will welcome you when you go to the spirit world. This life on earth is just for a moment, just for a moment.

In terms of business, there is no business like this, and there is no negotiation like this. Do you understand what I mean?

Now, until now, you have been trying to focus on your own purpose with your eyes, but now that you know this, you will not just look at the world with my eyes; you will decide to ride it all together. There are black family members here too. You have been pushed around and chased by white people, but in the Unification Church, you are not to be pushed around and chased; you are to stand at the forefront. Then all the white people who have been pushing you will kneel before you and will be able to obey your commands.

The secret to victory in difficult situations is to practice. 

In that sense, the person who is persecuted can be more emotionally close to God than the one who is persecuting. Therefore, if someone who has not shed tears for their country loses their country, they will shed tears, right? They will shed tears for their country because they lost it. You must understand that this becomes the stimulus for shedding tears. It is not a bad thing. If you hold onto God and cry, that connects with God’s tears. A hopeful nation will come in.

Do you understand what I mean? 

If America abandons Korea, Koreans will not shed tears just for Korea; they will shed tears for Asia because they see that Asia is failing, and they will shed tears for the world because they see that the world is failing. They will enter a national realm where they can shed tears for the world. When Korea loses America, it will completely fall into the communist realm, so now Korea is concerned for the world. The Korean people are in that realm. 

In that sense, you must understand that Korea is in the position closest to God’s heart.

That’s why, even though it is difficult, painful, and miserable, if you hold onto God and change this, it can become a great achievement. It can become a foundation for unfolding great historical providence. If we Unification Church members say, "If the Unification Church fails, the world will fail. If the Unification Church disappears, the world will disappear," and shed tears, then God cannot remain silent.

In that position, there is only one thing to do: practice. Only practice remains. After that, victory will come. When you fulfill this, victory will come from heaven. How hard will that be? In proportion to that difficulty, each person will receive the gift of glory. So you need to understand this. You must understand that when someone works hard, they are taking away the blessings that I would receive. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

A person who runs without rest for 24 hours is a wise person. They are the wisest person in the Unification Church. Reverend Moon, in that sense, thinks day and night without rest and runs. In that sense, he is a wise person.

You white girls and white boys, when Reverend Moon says he would die for you, why is that? Why? Have you ever thought, "I will do this" after meeting Reverend Moon? Why is that? Why did it happen? You have been caught by that wisdom, by that attractiveness. Attractiveness, do you know what that is? It’s tears, tears, miserable tears. That is attractive. Once you get over that hill, it becomes captivating and becomes a target of captivating victory.

Look at the Washington rally. When the Americans who opposed Reverend Moon looked at Washington Square, what do you think their eyes were like? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Therefore, in the area you are assigned, you should become miserable. You should be miserable day and night. You should cry. Crying is the most miserable thing. How miserable is that?

Others will see it that way. "I heard that woman is over 30 and can’t even think about getting married; what’s that? Oh..." But you need to set up your gravestone in that neighborhood. You must set up your gravestone within 20 years. Do you think that will happen? Don’t you think it will definitely happen? "It will definitely happen." Is that certain or not? Answer me. "It is certain." (Laughter) Then why wouldn’t you do it? We must completely do these things.

So, we need to make our task force deployment possible. We, here in New York, must do it. Victory and glory come from the front line. (Applause) 

The heart of reunion. 

It has been exactly 70 days since I left here on July 3. I’m glad to meet you after 70 days. Today is the 11th... So, did you all miss each other? Did you want to meet the teacher? "Yes." I’m glad. Thank you.

Through the harmony of joining together, everything is formed. 

The fact that you are happy and want to meet means... Whatever the purpose may be, whatever feelings or love may be contained, without that, there can be no desire to meet.

Now, everyone, looking at me, I am Asian. I am Korean, and you are Americans. When you think about this, whether it’s Korea or Asia or Western society in America, we know that this is connected through various stories and twists along the Pacific Ocean. The flow of culture, of course, East and West are heading towards one purpose, but... If you go to the sea, you will see that there are warm currents and cold currents; one goes south while the other goes north, and they all meet somewhere.

September 11, 1977, Belvedere Training Center. 

No matter how wide the ocean is, it must... To an ordinary person, it may seem like water is flowing and there is nothing there. All they see is blue water and the horizon, but it is definitely following a path and turning towards somewhere. If you look at some people, if they stay in one place, the tide comes in and out twice a day, but they don’t even know that. However, in that limited view, it may seem that way, but when you look at the whole, the world is all turning. Following the flow of all those tides, there are all kinds of fish interacting. They are living according to their paths.

Where do these fish live the most? They live where the warm and cold currents intersect. Such places are always... As you know, famous fishing grounds around the world, such as the Norwegian coast, the Alaskan coast, and the Mexican coast, are all points where warm and cold currents intersect. Isn’t that right? And you know, fish that live in freshwater... They don’t just spawn in salty water. They spawn where freshwater meets saltwater, and most fish that live in freshwater also go to where saltwater meets to spawn.
When viewed this way, all of history is truly fascinating. And if we look at the birthplace of culture, it is places where land meets the sea, such as ports or peninsulas. Such places have become the cradles of civilization. This is the same principle. If we look at the birthplaces of all ancient civilizations, such as Greek civilization or Italian civilization, it is an undeniable historical fact that civilizations develop along large seas, peninsulas, or rivers. Why is that? It is because they converge. We can generally understand that everything is formed through the harmony of convergence.

The closer the meeting distance, the less stimulation there is between each other. When they are close, they can understand each other, but the farther apart they are, the greater the waves occur there. If the waves come, they are like high waves, or in terms of mountains, like high mountains, or in terms of valleys, like deep valleys. This relative relationship causes convergence.

22 Reunited Feelings
There is a charm in the harmony of various differences. Therefore, the people standing here today are Asians, Koreans, but when it comes to Korea, Americans say, “Oh!” and view Korea as something insignificant. (Laughter) For example, if America is at the top, Korea is at the very bottom of a deep valley. That’s how they think.

When viewed this way, it seems strange. What relationship do you have with Reverend Moon, the Korean? Just as the sea interacts and meets, harmony occurs in this way. It is not something Reverend Moon wanted, nor is it something you wanted, but in any case, it has happened. Therefore, when we look at this, it is a fact that some great cosmic force, which we do not know what it is, is preparing some direction and causing something to happen.

Now, everyone, if we think about music, it is a harmony of being strong or weak, high or low, whether it is a beat or a blow. Can a person who beats a drum do it like this? (Demonstrates) It must be struck hard. Only then does it sound “bang!”

For that to happen, it is not just the hand of the drummer that matters; the expression must also be like this, and everything must be in place for the drum sound to resonate. It creates harmony. Only then can the listeners dance along and enjoy it. (Laughter)

The sound of a violin is very thin, delicate, and beautiful, which means that all the melodies arise from the action of plus and minus. If you look at the strings of a violin, they are not all the same. The thick string goes “do,” and the thin string goes “re.” They are different. (Laughter)

Now, when viewed this way, America is like the thick string. In terms of violin strings, it is like the thick string. Eastern people are like the thin string, and Western people are like the thick string.

And when walking… Look at how Americans walk. Walking is like this… (Demonstrates. Laughter) Japanese people walk like this. (Demonstrates. Laughter) Yes, that’s how it should be. If we say they dance, should they all do this? There are various styles, and they must converge and combine to create charm and a sense of harmony. The feeling of harmony appears there. Do you think so? “Yes.” The principle is like that, the principle.

That’s why the term harmony in this world does not ultimately refer to everything being the same. It does not mean the same things are grouped together. The term harmony refers to different things, things that are not alike, coming together to create a single harmony, the beauty of harmony. That is where the value lies.

Now, everyone, do you like flowers or not? “I like them.” What kind of flowers? Red flowers, yellow flowers? “Red flowers!” “Yellow flowers!” They are all different. “Oh, I like red flowers, you like yellow flowers, I like some other flower…” They are all different. Look. If everyone liked yellow flowers, then the clothes would all be yellow, and when women put on makeup, their faces would be painted yellow, their eyes would be made yellow, everything would be yellow. (Laughter)

Then that place would be hell. It would be a color hell, a color hell. Just think about it. If everything were red, everyone would go crazy. (Laughter) Therefore, when various colors like white, multicolored, blue, and others harmonize, we can have such thoughts, see things this way or that way, and there is fun and charm in seeing, and all the connected feelings appear there.

Now, just looking at Park Bo-hee, how many colors are there? This color is different, that color is different, this beard is different, this is different, this is different, they are all different. (Laughter) Also, women attach something here. They put something here. They put something here. Do they all do it in the same color? “No.” If the outfit is red, do they wear a red necklace and put on red accessories? They all do it differently…

Now, everyone, think about it. When it comes to faces… Do you like blue eyes? “No.” Oh, why not? Because my eyes are black, I say “no.” But in reality, do you like blue eyes? “Not really.” What if the teeth were blue? (Laughter) Just think about it. If the tongue… and the face were like that? The reason you like blue eyes is that they are paired with a white complexion, a high nose, and a strong curve, so the blue eyes harmonize everything. That’s how I see it.

Look. When you see Western people’s eyes, how deep are they? If they are so deep and the eyes are sunken in and this part is black, can you see the eyes? (Laughter) You cannot see them. But because they are blue, they look soft. They look soft. Everything is in harmony… Yes, when you listen to the teacher, it seems reasonable, right? “Yes.”

However, if the teeth are black, that would be a disaster. If the teeth are black, everything else is high, and this part is high, and this part is sunken, then the teeth should not be black. Because they are white, they stand out. It’s all the same. Everything supports harmony with different things. (Laughter) When you look at it all, it creates harmony, harmony. Because there is one standard, when you look at it all, it is truly interesting.

All beings in the universe possess the beauty of harmony.
Now, here, Eastern women have flat faces with blue eyes. How does that feel? How unpleasant would that be? You can only see the eyes, the eyes. The eyes are like needles… (Laughter) Just think about it. Isn’t that so? That’s what it is. When you see such things, you realize that all beings in the universe have emerged with the beauty of harmony.

Now, do you like to open your mouth? Is that good? “No.” But, even though it’s bad, if you are too interested and say “Ah…” (opens mouth) how about this? It’s extreme, isn’t it? Everyone, how different is laughing from crying? They are cousins, right? “Yes.” Therefore, you must understand that light is close to the dark boundary. Light comes to the dark boundary. It is the same. Isn’t it? That is all harmony.

Now, when we see this, why do American youths follow Reverend Moon from the East? Why? For what reason? What are they trying to do? They are trying to encourage each other, right? For the beauty of the universe that has never existed in history, they are trying to create harmony.

Now, your parents oppose Reverend Moon, right? “Yes.” What does that mean? It means that in the flow of water, there is swirling water. It goes backward. That is the phenomenon. Even while swirling, when it flows continuously, it all follows along. We follow along as it flows. Even if your parents oppose it, they say, “Oh, it’s a bit better than before.” They follow the Unification Church. Even while saying they don’t like it, they follow it. It is exactly the same. And this is how it becomes one, one.

Now, when does the swirling water always follow? Can it not go fast? Sometimes this goes first, and then this goes fast, and they switch places, and in this way, they merge with the water.

Now, when you go to rivers, like the water in mountain valleys, there are many rocks and stones, right? The water in the mountains is clear, so it is good to drink no matter what. It means that harmony is well established in every aspect. The water is all mixed. On the contrary, rivers like the Nile or the Mississippi, which are flat, are not good.

That’s why all the mountain birds go to drink the water from the mountain streams where there are good trees and rocks. I see it that way. It is all theoretically correct. The uneven stones in that river may seem unnecessary, but they all serve the mission of harmony. From this perspective, when women enter the river and the stones prick them, if we think that they are all there to create the beauty of harmony, how beautiful those stones are!

That’s why when you go to the mountains and drink the water flowing among many stones, you can drink it with peace of mind, and you won’t get sick. That’s how it is. So, animals like deer, mountain animals, all drink good air and good water, so they are healthy and can run well. They run really well. When you see all that, it has harmony.

So what kind of world should the future world be? It should not be a dogmatic and uniform world, but a world of harmony. You understand, right? “Yes.” When we say “famous mountain,” it does not mean only tall and magnificent mountains. There are also stunted trees, small trees, and various kinds that create harmony and beauty, and that is what makes it a famous mountain. That is for sure, right? “Yes.”

The only race that can harmonize white and black people is the yellow race.
Now, why did we meet? Why did we meet? “To create harmony.” What is the purpose of that harmony? That’s why today’s title is “Reunited Feelings.” The feeling of meeting… Above all, there must be love and a higher dimension of fun; otherwise, it is of no use. If there is no value, it is of no use. If you… The best study among studies is the study of harmony. If there is a department that studies that here, will the graduates of that department all marry within Americans, or will they marry in a colorful way? What will they do? “In a colorful way…” (Laughter)

Then what is the opposite of white? “Black.” Therefore, when white and black people live in America, what are they doing? “To achieve harmony.” What did you say? “To achieve harmony.” Yes, is harmony happening or not? “It is not happening.” Who is preventing it, the white people or the black people? You must speak honestly, honestly. Who is primarily preventing harmony? Is it the white people or the black people? “The white people.” You must be honest. Who is it? “The white people.” Yes, that’s right. Then who is bad? “The white people.” When viewed this way, the conclusion is that the white people are bad when we look at the study of harmony.

Therefore, if the American people are taught the study of harmony, they will all become one; this thought cannot be avoided. Look. Where does the bright noon find itself? It seeks the dark midnight. If someone dislikes meeting that, they will never see the bright noon again. That is a disaster. It will be removed. This is the conclusion. There will be no way to meet again. That is a fact.

Now, look. Today, Western civilization can be seen as white civilization, and when white people kick away all the uncivilized areas, it leads to the conclusion that white civilization will never see the day again and will perish forever. No matter how much they do not want it, they will perish. Is that right? Does that seem right? “Yes.”

That’s why now, the way for Western people to survive is to have hope in the people of undeveloped countries and to love them as their hope for a more valuable tomorrow. Unless all directions change, we can conclude that a new world and a new future will not emerge.

Now, that is a correct statement. The low will remain low, and we will be above, and whenever it becomes night, will it all become above in the dark? Do you think it will happen? Do you want it to happen, that day becomes night, and night becomes day, and what was high becomes low and what was low becomes high, and they all mix together? Which do you want? Which is the principle of harmony? “To mix together…”

That’s why history… Did the ancient Greek civilization want to perish? Did the Roman civilization want to perish? Western civilization does not want to perish, but it is perishing. Why? It is perishing because it cannot achieve harmony. If it does not perish, it means that the principles of the universe are wrong. Now you understand, right? Is there any objection to that? “No.” That is a fact, a fact.

When viewed this way, harmony cannot happen all at once. There must be a middle ground that brings about harmony. (Recording briefly cuts off) From this perspective, when we say that only the yellow race can harmonize between white and black people, everyone thinks, “Ah, that’s true.” (Applause) When viewed this way, it makes sense.

Reverend Moon, as a yellow race, comes from Korea, from nothing, and comes to American society, and both black and white people are like this. (Demonstrates) That is good. If they stumble while doing this, it would be a big problem. If they are holding onto Reverend Moon and are afraid, but then they start to laugh, enjoy, and dance, then the world is all set. If white people dislike Reverend Moon, black people immediately like Reverend Moon. That’s how it is. Do you know that? Do you think so? “Yes.” That is a good phenomenon. What does that mean? It means that it is not for the black people to live, but rather to save the white people. That is what you need to think about. You don’t want to think that way, do you? “No! I don’t want to. I don’t want to!”

Two threats to white society are communism power and yellow power.
Now, there are two threats to white society. Ordinary white people say, “Now, white society and Western civilization are in despair. Why despair? Because of two threats.” The first is communism power. The second is that the era of yellow power is coming. This is how they see it.
So, the leaders of the Western society look at things like this and say, 
"Ah! Isn't that the Communist Party?" Then they think, "Isn't that the monster of 
Yellow Power? Since the monster is Reverend Moon, we need to remove Reverend Moon." 
However, what is even scarier than that? When Yellow Power comes out as communists, 
there is nothing more terrifying for the Western people of the world. So, the U.S. is 
doing this regarding China. (Expressing with gestures) That conclusion comes out.

These days, Carter is trying to get close to China, but China is rejecting him. 
Isn't that what's happening now? "Yes." Why is the U.S., which has been a communist 
for less than 30 years, acting like this towards China? Because they are trying to 
unite all the yellow races to confront Western civilization in the future, and that is 
what they fear the most. 

If the multicolored races unite beyond ethnic boundaries, communism will be swept 
away. In this historical trend, Reverend Moon stands in opposition. Now, if one of 
these terrifying pairs is China, then another terrifying one is Reverend Moon, who is 
of the yellow race. They say there is no God over there, but here they say there is 
God... (Applause) That's what's happening.

Now, look at all of you. Centered around Reverend Moon, the harmony in the white 
society is already becoming solid. This is how it comes out. Black people and everyone 
else are all coming together like this. However, China is saying, "Our time as yellow 
races has come, so yellow communist power must dominate the world," and they are 
uniting among themselves. But Reverend Moon is different. He is ahead by one step 
because he is uniting globally beyond ethnic boundaries. I see it as being one step 
ahead. (Applause)

History is already flowing like this and is being realized. Here, in this Western 
society, centered around Reverend Moon, a form of unity is emerging, and if this is a 
vessel, what will happen when it is filled? What will happen when it completely 
overflows and surpasses a nation? When the multicolored races become the mainstream 
of that flow and shout "Woo-" louder than Niagara Falls, what will happen? Think 
about it. Communism centered on the yellow race or on the white race will be swept 
away. (Applause)

The Unification Church is the seed that can welcome the civilization of spring.

So, where will the Unification Church go? If the Unification Church is high, it will 
seek to go low, and if it is low, it will seek to go high. Now, isn't our Unification 
Church the lowest in America? "Yes." So, will it rise in America or not? Will it rise 
or fall? "It will rise." Starting this year, that's how it will be. When this all 
comes full circle, what will happen? Where will it go? It must go to Moscow; you 
must understand that. (Applause)

The rivers in the south all flow into the southern sea, but now what? The flow of 
the ocean is advancing toward the cold current zone of the North Sea. That is the 
principle of the universe. Also, the water from the northern cold current zone moves 
toward the southern warm current zone; that is the principle of the universe.

We must understand that the ancient civilizations until now were tropical civilizations. 
India was like that, Egypt was like that, Greece was like that; they all belonged to 
the tropical zone. However, modern civilization is a temperate civilization. We must 
recognize that. Western civilization is a temperate civilization. Look at it. From 
England to France, Germany, Italy, and the Asian region, and America, they all belong 
to the temperate civilization zone. Isn't that right? Right? "Yes."

Therefore, in terms of order, there must be a polar civilization zone. That is why 
this is all revolving around the Soviet Union, encompassing the entire world. So, the 
wind of polar civilization is now blowing across the world. When we look at history 
calmly, it has fallen from tropical civilization... Temperate civilization corresponds 
to autumn civilization, and it transitions into winter civilization. (Writing on the 
board while speaking)

That is why the autumn wind of communism is blowing in. And when the winter wind 
comes, what remains here will be bare. Only bones will remain, only bones. Everything 
will fall apart, everything will be destroyed. It will all fall apart, right? Isn't 
that so? "Yes." But the problem is that there must be a seed. There must be a seed 
that can pass through spring, summer, autumn, and winter, and after going through 
spring, summer, autumn, and winter, it must have the seed that can sprout again.

So, we want to be the seed of human culture. What is the seed of human culture? 
Where is the seed? What is the seed of civilization now? We can see here that it 
aligns with the term 'restoration' in the principle of restoration. Isn't that right? 
Then what is that rail that can restore? A civilization like a seed that has the 
vitality to absorb all of that must emerge there. It becomes the core of a civilization 
that has a vitality that cannot be broken by any cold or anything in autumn.

It may seem like nothing, but it contains life. Only the seed that possesses historical 
life will survive. The cold winter breaks the hard shell of the seed, and when spring 
comes, it helps it sprout; such a seed with vitality, a historical seed, will be the 
master that can welcome the civilization of spring. Has history developed like that? 
When you listen to the teacher's words, does it seem like that? "Yes."

This is a historical fact. Reverend Moon did not just attach this; history flows like 
this. Then what kind of organization is that? An absolute ideology that does not 
influence communism, does not influence democracy, does not influence any ideology, 
and has the ability to absorb everything in spring, summer, autumn, and winter; where 
is such a thought and ideology? Where is it? "Unification Church!" You say that 
because you are members of the Unification Church, you little rascals! "No, we are not."

Then, are you the kind of people who can break through communism, break through 
democracy, and say, "I alone remain in this world"? "Yes." Really? "Yes." Did you 
ever think about that at first? After listening to the teacher's words, do you think 
that way now, and can you say "yes"? You little rascals! You heard that and answered, 
didn't you? Did you answer knowing? You are answering now. You are answering with 
understanding. Can you have that confidence, you little rascals! You little thieves. 
Oh... (Laughter) Then the problem is big. An amazing, unprecedented event is taking 
place here in Belvedere. So, do well.

Become the seed that comes from the harmony and fusion of love.

Now, if we summarize everything that has been said so far, Reverend Moon has appeared 
as a representative of Yellow Power, which is beyond communism, and even in terms of 
this cultural sphere, if it ultimately has this content, it is an enormous event. 
I see it as an enormous event. If this is real, and if it is true that this culture is 
being woven together, then it is a matter that can make you open your eyes and mouth 
and say, "Oh my!" You all agree? "Yes." Now that you are listening to the teacher's 
words, you can say, "Wow! I didn't know that. Now I understand."

Therefore, the current Western civilization is a civilization of the autumn season, 
so it must pass. It must pass quickly. No matter how much it doesn't want to, it will 
have to pass. It is destined to pass; will it stop? Will it continue as it is? What do 
you think? "It will pass." Think about it. If it doesn't, it will freeze to death. 
Everything will be ruined.

That is why our Unification Church is training to live in summer, autumn, and winter. 
So, while Americans go on vacation in summer, we want to work harder. While others 
are avoiding in winter, we want to work harder. (Applause)

So, when the teacher tells you to go out and work in the summer and work in the 
winter, is that a good thing or a bad thing? "It's a good thing." When I hear that 
answer, your parents or the people in America will say, "Oh, that Reverend Moon has 
completely brainwashed them." (Laughter) 

So, have you been brainwashed or not? "Yes." Is that an unhappy thing or a happy 
thing? "It's a happy thing." It means taking off the dirty pot and putting on a golden 
pot. So, when you face opposing parents, you say, "These parents, this country, this 
world!" You are siding with Reverend Moon, right? You don't say, "Reverend Moon, 
this..." You oppose, right? You oppose. You are doing that now, right? "Yes." Why 
is that? Because you understand... Where are we going? We are trying to go beyond 
this to the headquarters, the headquarters. And that is how it will be. At that time, 
you will want the teacher to plant you in a good field. That is your wish. Have you 
become like that? Have you? "Yes."

I would like to be thrown into the Communist Party and be tortured by them and see 
what happens. That is the problem. It is a problematic organization. When you think 
about this quietly, when you look at the harmony of the moving universe, these are 
things that must inevitably exist; are they things that should not exist? "They must 
exist."

So, we must be grateful. We must live with gratitude. That is why we have hope. 
So, when the wind of the communist era passes, the spring wind will blow, and at that 
time, the world will be led under the flag of the Unification Church; that is the hope 
we have. (Applause)

Now, when all of you meet like this, when white and black people all come together, 
we share the elements that will not perish. Why is that? Because the seed absorbs 
everything throughout the twelve months. (Writing on the board while speaking)

Our white girls, have you lost the thought of disliking black people and yellow people? 
"Yes." Is that really so? "Yes." And our black girls, have you lost the mindset of 
hating and despising white people and others? "Yes." It must be like that. When that 
happens, it will be a complete unification of women.

So, culture has become like this, and in the spring season... That is why the teacher 
named this civilization zone the Chinese civilization. (Writing on the board) Such a 
new term is emerging. Do you all agree? "Yes." So, where will we meet? We are 
advancing toward this spring. So, what is spring? The Garden of Eden is spring; the 
spring of humanity is the Garden of Eden. Therefore, the concept of restoration also 
starts from the spring season.

Now, you said you have become seeds; have you become seeds? "Yes." Where does that 
seed come from? Does it come from Reverend Moon? Where does it come from, where? 
"From God." It comes from God. It comes from the root, from the root. It comes from 
God. So, to become a seed that comes from God, what must happen? For the seed to 
come out, it does not just come out; it comes out through God's love, through the 
harmony and fusion of love. Without that, the seed cannot come out; that is how we 
see it.

The one who comes to integrate comprehensive human love and divine love is the 
Messiah.

So, what we need to understand here is that we must establish comprehensive human 
love, and then we must integrate it with comprehensive divine love. Why must it be 
that way? If this is the love of humanity, then if love has entered this core, how 
does the power that has entered come out? It must come out because it has entered. 
(Writing on the board while speaking) That will be the case, right?

So, the one who comes as the center that encompasses the heart of humanity is the 
Messiah. For the first time in human history, a race is coming. What all humanity 
desires is for the world to become one and for a world of peace to emerge, but that 
has been humanity's dream, and it has continued as a dream until now, and it was 
thought that it would vanish as a dream, but a model that can realize that dreamlike 
fact is coming. The one who appears as that model is the Messiah, and that is the 
work that the Messiah must do.

The Unification Church aims to do that. If Reverend Moon has done a great work that 
will remain in history, it is that he has woven all of humanity together, transcending 
nations, tribes, or races, and has been able to encompass and embrace all of this 
through love. This will be a great work in the future. (Applause)

Even looking at America, during the Civil War, the people from the North and South 
were enemies, and the people from the East and West were enemies; it was all like 
that. The conflict between East and West is all like that. A nation is like that, 
and families are all like that.

Then what is the main ideology that Reverend Moon advocates? The heart of reunion... 
He is the historical global representative who engages in the movement of uniting 
people from the North, South, East, and West, who are enemies. The reason he is 
opposed in Korea is that he brings together the South and North people who see each 
other as enemies and facilitates their marriages. He arranges marriages between South 
men and North women, North men and South women, and so on. 

At first, they may be crying, but then they will say, "Ah-" and be happy. (Laughs) 
So, how much they enjoy it! You cannot see South people enjoying it like that, nor can 
you see North people enjoying it like that, so even the parents go, "Oh! Oh! Oh!" like 
that.

So, in Korea, the joint wedding ceremony has not only been formalized but has also 
become a revered ceremony. They now think, "Oh! I hope my children can attend the 
joint wedding ceremony." What does that mean? As the tide comes in and fills up, 
such phenomena occur. (The recording briefly cuts out)

So, what this has entered for is to meet the highest love, and after meeting, the 
power of that love is so strong that it cannot help but return. When the individual, 
family, tribe, and nation all resurrect with this heart, that world will become the 
heaven on earth and the heaven in heaven. Here, the origin of humanity's heart, the 
heart of reunion, and the driving force of all history will emerge.

When God's love enters, everything is filled with joy.

So, in our meeting between Americans and Easterners, what do we rejoice in during 
this reunion? We do not rejoice by looking at each other's faces. We must understand 
this. We rejoice with God's love, the great love that has never existed before, the 
love of God's heart. We cannot explain what love is, but it is good, it is good.
When there is a subject of such love, if that subject is not in this universe, it feels like the universe is empty; if it is not within the Unification Church, it feels like the Unification Church is empty; if it is not at home, it feels like home is empty; if it is not within me, it feels like I am empty; everything feels empty. However, when God's love enters the heart, everything feels full. Everything feels full. That is why it is said to be happy. Because everything is abundant, joy is achieved in everything. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

So, such a heart is necessary for us. If we feel that heart and then lose it, we cannot live. It leads to the conclusion that we must meet again. You all feel the same way in the world, right? The loving mother is the best, and when you go to school and think, "Oh, I want to see my mother," and you rush home, only to find your father or siblings there but not your mother, you say, "No one is here." Do you understand that? "Yes." 

So, when the subject of love is fulfilled, everything is filled. Because that love must be full for everything to be full, it leads to the conclusion that we can give infinitely and truly. We give truly. What is exchanged there is the realization of ideals and the flourishing of ideals. Right? "That's right." The world of love transcends distance. How fast is love? It is faster than light. The fastest thing is love. The brightest thing is love. The most perfect thing is love. The most completely filled thing is love. 

Now, even a woman who was dozing off with her face like this will bloom when the true object of her love appears. Everything… (laughs) What does that? Only love can do that; only love, not a gun. It is not a threat, it is not a threat. Right? "That's right." What kind of love is that? It is the love that becomes the owner of the universe, the love that becomes the center of the universe, the love that becomes the source of the universe. Therefore, you must understand that the Unification Church has stood in a position of the highest level of thought that no ideology or doctrine throughout history can follow, centered on God's heart. (Applause) 

As the storm blows, the lighthouse must shine even more brightly. 

Did you have a hard time coming here this morning? When you thought the teacher would be here this morning, did you think, "Oh, why is this four o'clock not coming? Oh, why is this five o'clock not coming? I need to sleep." Or did you think, "Oh, why is this four o'clock not coming? When will five o'clock come?" "Why is four o'clock not coming, when will five o'clock come…." This morning, when I entered from East Garden, I heard singing from early morning. (Applause) Why? To see the face of Reverend Moon, which you find unpleasant? (Laughter) Why is that? What is it? Is food coming out? Is clothing coming out? Is gold coming out? (Laughter) 

Why is that? It is reflexively to receive some light and reflect it, to shine a halo. There is something that is different from others, and that is delicious. It is delicious. I don't know what it is, but it is delicious, tasty. (Laughs) It seems like there is nothing, but there is. It seems like there is nothing, but there is. Can you see love? It seems like there is nothing, but there is. 

When you come into the Unification Church, you feel the same way. When the teacher is not in Belvedere, everything feels empty. It feels empty. But when the teacher comes, it feels full. Is that right? "Yes." (Cheers. Applause) The fact that you applaud means that is the truth. Why is that? Why? We are all the same people. Why is that? It is not anything else. It is because we live with God's love, we have devoted our lives to God's love, we have studied this, and we have worked hard to approach this, so even if it is a pitch-black dark light, it can become light. 

You may not be the sun, but you must be a lighthouse that shines brightly at night. So when our Unification Church members sell newspapers, at first, people point fingers and say "Poo-poo," but after meeting for a day, two days, three days, a month, and so on, when they don't come, they think, "Why didn't they come?" and they start to miss them. 

That is the feeling of reunion. Do you understand what I mean? Such a movement unfolds in our path. 

That is why you must clearly understand that you are a lighthouse. Right? "Yes." A lighthouse must shine even when a storm comes. The more the storm blows, the more it must shine. Even if it is shrouded in fog to the point of not being able to measure the distance, it must shine even more. It must shine even more. That is the responsibility of a lighthouse. Even if there is persecution and we are caught in difficulties, the light we shine must shine even brighter. (Applause) 

If you practice first and educate, there will be no complaints. 

When I was in Gloucester this time, Reverend Moon was the topic of conversation everywhere. Whether it was Reverend Moon or New Hope Boat, that was the topic everywhere. When I went out to sea, everyone came to me saying, "The tuner asked!" (Laughter, Applause) Meanwhile, those who oppose say, "Oh, I hope that one gets away." But it doesn't get away; it gets caught well. (Laughter) After a day, two days, three days, when they see that their expectations are not met, and they realize they were all wrong, they say, "Oh, those people are different from us." This is the topic of conversation. 

And even when they go out early in the morning, the fishermen from Gloucester are the first to go out and get bread… (Laughter. Applause) Look. All the fishermen in the Gloucester area, who used to play, drink, and gamble, have become diligent. They are stimulated, stimulated. Is there time to drink and play? If they want to go out early in the morning, they need to sleep, so there is no time for that. They are all influenced. 

That is why the mayor there, and the police chief say, "The only people who can save Gloucester are those Munis." Such rumors are circulating. (Applause) Look. Usually, they wake up at three o'clock, go out while looking at the moonlight and the starlight, and when they come back, it is dark, and they come back looking at the moonlight and the starlight. Do American people like to wake up early in the morning? "Yes." 

Those on the boat, I wake up early in the morning and go out silently, and they all follow me, even if they don't want to. "The person who serves the Father, right? (Interpreter)" That's right. It has become a tradition after four years. If Reverend Moon says, "Hey, you should wake up at one o'clock and go out," they don't say, "Oh, I can't do that." They say, "Yes, I will." (Laughs) And if he says, "You, don't come in from the sea tonight, you are working," they say, "Yes." They are not allowed to say "No." 

Such a tradition has automatically established itself. Although they had nothing during that time, it is seen as a great tradition that will develop the future fishing industry. Because of this principle, we do not know how much it will contribute to the future fishing industry in America. 

So, do you want to go on the boat or not? "I will." Even if I say, "You guys must go on the boat," you must say "Yes," right? (Laughter) The teacher does not do anything and says, "Hey, you guys go." They do not do that. So, the American youth of the Unification Church say, "Go out to sea," and they say "Yes," and even the women say, "You should get a husband who goes out to sea," and they say "Yes," they cannot say "No." 

Look. The teacher records at what time, at what latitude and longitude, he caught the tuner. People will look at that record and compete 24 hours a day to say, "I will go catch it at that spot." Do you think they will compete or not? Thousands, tens of thousands of boats will be competing 24 hours a day to be at that spot. Do you think that will happen or not? "I think it will." When I see that, even if it is hard for me, for the sake of future generations, for the future, for the future business of the Unification Church, I cannot help but do it. 

Do you have complaints about selling newspapers? Do you complain? "No." Then I will sit in the busy Manhattan area and sell News World 24 hours a day. "You, Father? (Interpreter)" Yes! Then what will you do? You will sleep, right? Will you do it 24 hours? "We will do it 24 hours." If you don't do it, that is what will happen. 

Do you know how hard the teacher worked on evangelism? Do you know how hard he worked on evangelism? I slept only two hours, and there were many days when I didn't even sleep for two hours. For seven years, it has been continuous, continuous. I keep speaking. While dozing off, an angel came and said, "Hey, you brat, can you do that in front of the teacher?" and I got hit on the back and said, "Oh, I am sorry." I have heard many stories like that. You American youth may not know such stories, right? You are hearing this for the first time, right? "Yes." The teacher has practiced all of that. I am doing it myself and educating you. You have no reason to complain. 

In this way, I am putting all the driving force that I have prepared throughout my life into America. While the people of the world, the politicians, are all coming to America to take something away, Reverend Moon is pouring everything out. Look. When politicians or presidents of any country come, they are all welcomed by Carter or the nation, but Reverend Moon is giving everything for America, and they are opposing that. Isn't that strange? If you do not like Reverend Moon, you will spit and run away from America. 

That is why you must have a heart of love that surpasses the 240 million American citizens and love and support the teacher. Have you thought about that? Have you thought about it or not? You haven't thought about it, have you? From now on, you will. Yes, you are looking forward to it now. You must quickly digest the 240 million while you are alive. 

If you start with a high-level heart, the bond with the world will unfold. 

Now, this is not a simple matter. You must understand that this is a new providence of God's heart to harmonize all of history and this entire universe, colliding with human hearts, to shine brightly, like lightning. 

You must ask yourself if the power that can explode and can explode is currently residing in your heart. "Yes." If you put dissatisfaction, it will explode. Right? "Yes." When we think that the heart of reunion, especially on this day of meeting the teacher, must achieve harmony between the West and Asia, heaven and earth, and the whole, we must realize that the heart of God must be established. 

If we start with the subjectivity of a high-level heart, New York is too small. Hmm, let’s do it! You must feel the heart that you will fight against opposing New York and win. 

When we can possess the love of God that can harmonize and complete heaven and earth and all cultures, we must think that everything will be rebuilt again. Therefore, when you hear the word "the heart of reunion" today, if the bond of hearts between you and me is connected, the bond between you and the citizens, New York and America, America and the world will unfold from now on. 

Do you understand the heart of reunion? The heart of reunion? It is different from yesterday. There must be a purpose in reunion, a purpose. Until now, did you have a purpose in reunion? "Yes." You must meet to achieve that purpose. 

From that perspective, I hope this morning becomes a time when we all pledge to start anew with the heart of reunion from a new perspective. It must be different. Now, let’s see a show of hands from those who can do that. May God's blessing be upon you! 

**Future Owners**

As we think about October coming to an end, we must consider that there are people among our Unification Church members who are worried about the coming winter. So, I have thought about how we will gather here in the winter. Are you worried about that? Have you thought about such worries, everyone? "No." Such worries… The current situation is fine, but those who are responsible will worry more about what will happen in the future. 

Those who worry more about the future will become the owners of the future. 

Even when we look at a family, the foolish children in the family only care about the present. If the present is good, that is all that matters. However, the owner, or the head of the family, worries about what can be good in the future for the children or the whole family. Isn’t that what makes someone an owner? Those who like to run and play enjoy the snow in winter, like to skate, and like to ski. However, they must prepare for winter and think about it; those who do not think about or prepare for winter are somewhat irresponsible. 

October 23, 1977, (Sunday), Belvedere Training Center. 

It is the same when looking at a country. There are all kinds of people in that country. Some live only for the present, while others live for tomorrow and the future. If there is a president of a country, he should not only address all the issues governing the country currently but should establish policy directions based on how the country will be in 10 years or 100 years. If he does that, he will become a great president and a great king. Isn’t that a common-sense conclusion? Right? "Yes." 

In this light, if there is a president or king who worries about a political system for a hundred years, and another who worries about a thousand years, who will be the greater owner and who will stand in a more central position? The king who lives for a hundred years, right? "No." Then it is a thousand years? "Yes." The more you think far ahead, the more you will become the owner and stand in an important position. This is a common conclusion that anyone can reach through rational judgment. 

To inherit the position of future owners, there must be tradition. 

So, when asking the country of America, "What kind of owner do you want to have?" it will answer, "I want an owner who worries in advance for ten thousand or a hundred thousand years rather than one who worries for a thousand years." "That’s right." The answer is good. The answer is… (Laughter) That is the truth. It is an undeniable fact. It is undoubtedly the path we desire. 

Now, looking at the youth in America today, do they like tradition? "Tradition?" American youth say, "What is tradition? Just throw it all away. We should do everything our way. We don’t need any of that. It is all unnecessary." They say that. For you, today’s youth with a liberal tendency, do you need tradition? "Yes." Because you are part of the Unification Church, you say "Yes," but the general kids… (making a face. Laughter) 

So, in what position and in what way do we need tradition? It is necessary to inherit the thought that can become the owner of the future world, to pursue it forever, and to value it forever. This is what tradition is needed for. This is the concept we must establish.
It exists. That which has passed in the past, is not needed in the present and will not be needed in the future, such traditions are unnecessary. It must be a tradition that was relevant in the past, is still needed now, and may be needed in the future. That is an undeniable fact, right? "Yes."  
What is that? It concludes that the tradition is what allows our family to survive forever and to be the center of eternity. Do you think that will happen? "Yes." Why is that tradition necessary? As I mentioned earlier, a president who dedicates themselves to the country for a thousand years, for the future world, for the ideal world, is considered great, and such a king is also great. For that to be possible, it requires not just one generation, not just a hundred generations, but thousands and tens of thousands of generations to maintain that royal authority and to uphold the national ideology. What is needed to maintain that is tradition. If you think about it this way, it makes sense, right? "Yes."  
So what should we do? We cannot have a president who only thinks of themselves and their country. Of course, they should invest themselves entirely for the future world, but there must be a movement, a leader, and a form of government that is willing to invest the entire nation and its people; otherwise, it is impossible. Is that correct? "Yes."  
Love is a great tradition that unites this world.  
Then, what ideology should we have, and what factors within our proactive living space will lead us toward the future? Moving toward the future is not just about looking ahead and going as is. What can be the central guiding principle that can lead us forever, day by day? What could that be? "Studying. Studying a lot for the country." That might be good, right? "No." Then what should it be? "Love." It is love.  
However, if the love related to individuals ends only with individuals and cannot connect with the nation and the world, is there a way for that love to transcend the nation and the world? No, there isn’t.  
Therefore, the issue here is that the love centered on individuals must transcend through families, through nations, and through the world, leading us toward that eternal ideal; this is the highest tradition that we humans must inherit. Do you think so? "Yes." Think about it. Does that seem likely? Is it really so? "Yes." Have you thought about such things until now? You think that because you have entered the Unification Church, but did you think that way in the past?  
So, we must abandon the thoughts of worrying for the country and focus on what we must have in the present, which is the heart to love for the future of the country. That mindset of love is concluded to be the most precious living environment.  
Now, regarding the East and the West… Where are you from? Are you from the East or the West? (Laughter) Just looking at your face, you are from the East, right? (Laughter) I am from the East, from the East. You are from the West. So, if there is a possibility of connecting Eastern and Western thought, what could that tradition be? What could it be? Money? "No." Knowledge? "No." That is also necessary, but it is needed externally. Money can come and go. The fact that a country like America has become a global center in economic terms in the way it is now is only a matter of a few decades. It hasn’t even been a few hundred years.  
With money, one can fall. If there is something that can rise even without knowledge, if there is something that can always rise, what would you want to leave behind? What is that? It is love, love.  
In this view, there must be a tradition that can unite families forever, a tradition that can keep the nation united forever, and a tradition that can keep the world united forever. This conclusion has been reached. Therefore, the content must be centered around love. In families, there must be a love centered around parents that completely envisions eternity. If such parental love exists, it cannot be just a temporary thing. To inherit that eternally, there must be children who can inherit that foundational tradition.  
What must we do to completely inherit and expand that? It must be better than before. Such educational methods are necessary. Therefore, when parents educate their children, they should say, "You must be better than me." Everything must be better. "Be a better person!" This kind of pressure must exist between rich and poor.  
Who should create the motivation for that? It must be the parents who do that for their children. Do you understand? "Yes." It must be so. Parents should not just prevent their children from doing things, but rather say, "You must become such a person." They must sacrifice everything to push them toward that path. Should the children oppose that saying, "Oh, where can I find such parents!" or should they absolutely welcome it? "They should absolutely welcome it." Think about it calmly. Should they just accept it? Should they be grateful and completely inherit it as a tradition? Should they throw it all away saying, "What is this?" What should they do? "They must completely inherit it." Answer from the perspective of an American youth, as an American youth.  
Why must it be that way? When parents say to their children, "Sleep when you want to sleep. Just play. Keep eating, sleeping, playing, and running around," that would be better, right? Why do they say, "You must study. You must not fight with your siblings. You must love your parents and do this and that"? They are telling them not to fight. What do parents say when siblings fight? "Hey, I will make you a boxer, so fight each other." (Laughter) How do we resolve these issues to instill the idea that "Ah, tradition is absolutely necessary"?  
American youth do not think they need tradition, right? "They need it." When you hear that, do you say "yes" because it is disadvantageous? "No." So, whether Easterners or Westerners, whether your parents or grandparents, now that you will also become parents, what do you all want to leave behind? Just like Reverend Moon is saying now, "I want to leave behind a family centered on love, where both parents sacrifice and children sacrifice, so that the love of the family can remain as a tradition forever." This is common. Whether in the West or the East, the conclusion is the same. You must affirm that theoretically. Therefore, such a tradition must be left behind even if the father dies and the mother dies and the children die; that is a natural thing.  
So, when your parents are about to divorce, if you say, "Oh, if my parents divorce, it’s fine; it’s my house, it doesn’t matter," would that be okay? "No." Then what should you do? "My parents must listen to me. Don’t divorce!" Which is better, saying that or saying, "If you want to divorce, go ahead"? Which should you choose? "The first one." Is that really so? "Yes!" Is that because you have become a member of the Unification Church or because you are an American youth? This is the same for everyone. Most people feel that way. That statement is correct.  
So, this is the movement. Young people must unite and say that they cannot forgive their parents for an unjust divorce, saying, "I love my parents more than anyone else!" A child who can do this is a filial child who can absolutely prevent their parents from divorcing. When a father sees that his son loves his mother that much, and when a mother sees that her son loves his father that much, they cannot divorce because of that loving child. That person is a true filial child. Such a person can be said to be the filial child that this country is looking for, the filial child that all families in America are looking for. If the parents cannot separate because of the child, that child is the most filial of all. Do you understand? What kind of filial child is it? It is not just about giving food to the parents and saying, "I don’t need a house or a future. If I want to play, I will play, and if I want to divorce, I will do so." It is about leaving behind a tradition centered on love forever through this path. If this is broken, everything will be broken.  
Now, we must realize that it is time to carry out this movement to leave behind such a tradition in American families. Therefore, when the tradition of the relationship between rich and poor and the tradition of parents uniting expands nationally and globally, and when the country and its people inherit such traditions, that is the ideal world. Do you think such a tradition is necessary? "Yes."  
So, when we tell today’s American youth to love their country, they blink and ask, "How do we love our country?" They wonder, "We must do it, but what does it mean to love our country?" How do we do it? There is no one to educate them about that. The parents in the house only have animalistic connections. Siblings only have animalistic connections. "What love? You don’t love me, so I won’t love you." They all think like that. "You treat me that way, so I will treat you that way." Siblings think, "You treat me that way, so I will do the same." They have all fallen to a stage where they love like animals, or even less than animals. So, when they ask, "What is loving the country?" they only know, "Paying taxes is loving the country." (Laughter) That is the only concept they have. "Don’t I pay taxes? Isn’t that enough?" That’s what they think. Where will they learn love? It must be done in the family, in the family.  
So, what must parents do? They must teach their children to love each other and to love their parents while also saying, "Just as I love you, I love my country this way, so you must love your country this way." They must educate them like that. If they teach them that way, they will immediately understand. There is no need for other education. They will immediately agree. "Oh, I see. Our father lives that way, I live that way, and our family lives that way, so the families of the American nation all live that way, and the American president lives that way, and the American people live that way. Building a global and national foundation like our family is patriotism for that country." They will come to understand that immediately.  
When someone asks, "What is patriotism toward America?" with wide eyes, if you explain it like that, their heads will nod. There is no need for anything else. Do you understand? "Yes." Such a tradition must be established even if the U.S. State Department disappears. Even if the U.S. Department of Defense disappears, this must be established. If this is established, everything can rise again from nothing. Isn’t that right? "That’s right."  
Then, when the president says, "Hey, our citizens must unite and defeat this enemy!" they can all unite and overcome anything. They must think that the president's words are a command higher than their parents' commands. They must be taught that it is a greater task. Therefore, we must educate them that "When there is a difficult situation for the country, you and I must be loyal and walk the path of death together for our country." Is that correct? "Yes." Therefore, those who think must think centered on such traditions and strive to correct the national history and leave behind the national tradition. We can clearly see here that such thoughts must exist in any group of thoughtful individuals.  
The tradition that humanity must have is the ideology of loving the world.  
Until now, history has revolved around nations, centered on their own countries. Humans have thought that way, but if God exists, how does God think? If God were to say, "I only love the country of America!" then that God would only be the God of America. That God would be the God who must perish when America perishes. However, God does not think that way. Because God thinks at a higher level than humans, God will establish a more thorough ideology that prioritizes the world over the family and the nation. This can be concluded through automatic reasoning. (Applause) Isn’t that so? It should be so; if there is a God, then that God must think that way… When the question of whether God exists or not arises, this fact can serve as evidence of God's existence.  
What is the global organization that imagines God and seeks to relate to God? "Religion." What is the global nation? If we tear apart religion, is there such a thing? If not, then there is no God or anything else. Such ideologies must exist within religion. Right? "Yes." Such ideologies must be strongly asserted and must have internal content; a global and transnational patriotic ideology, a transnational filial ideology must exist, advocating, "Let’s transcend nations and work for the world." If there is no religion that holds such ideologies, it concludes that there is no will of God and no God.  
If God exists, God would say, "You humans of the satanic world loved your homes and nations more, but love the world at a higher level than loving your homes and nations." This assertion must be made for it to conclude that there is a God. If there is such an ideology among religions, the religion that reveals such ideologies at its core is closer to fulfilling God’s will, and therefore, even if that religion is small, it will become a religion that dominates the world.  
When viewed through such a religion, the term "holy man" emerges. (Writing on the board) Then, what kind of person is a "holy man"? A person who knows the value of God, who becomes the king of the universe and the king of this world, and can always love and receive love from that God is a holy man. You must understand that. Do you understand what a holy man is? "Yes." If love is excluded and the relationship with God is severed, then that holy man, no matter how powerful, is only a temporary holy man.  
In the historical age, what kind of person do you want to be? Do you want to be a patriot of your country or a holy man? "A holy man." What does a holy man think? It is to save the world even if it means sacrificing one’s home and country. God thinks that way, and so do holy men. Do you think so? "Yes." "Reverend Moon has thought this way until now, and since the Unification Church thinks this way, is he just saying things that fit the Unification Church?" Isn’t that so? "No."
Therefore, even if there are countless, tens of thousands of books in all the libraries of this world, if we remove them all and leave just one book of this tradition, the world will be unified as one, and everything will become the kingdom of heaven, and the whole will become the master of the era. (Applause) What does it matter if there is American history? What does it matter if there is Japanese history? What does it matter if there is Korean history? What does it matter if those exist? What is important about that? All that lacks this ideology will be shattered.

Then how do we know what is for the world? How do we know what it means to love the world? How do we know the path of the saints? The path of a true filial child is connected to the path of a patriot. And the path of a patriot is connected to the path of a saint. It is one path, one path. For the greater good, the smaller must follow and sacrifice.

So God said, "Hey, presidents of the nations of the world, now that there is a war in the kingdom of heaven, it is now a call to arms for all!" Who will step forward first and say, "Ding ding ding!"? (Imitating the sound of a trumpet for battle. Laughter. Applause) "When a war breaks out in God's country called America, will there be a president who thinks he will become a brigade commander or a division commander?" Shouldn't there be?

If President Carter hears this, he will feel bad. "Oh, Reverend Moon says I should be a division commander? I'm currently acting as a global president, what is this? Reverend Moon is a heretic, America's enemy!" Then President Carter is a heretic before God. He is a traitor, a traitor. (Applause) Are you clapping because that statement is right, or because it feels good? Why are you clapping? "Both." (Laughter) It is right. It is both.

So, what is religion, what is a nation, what is God? If God says, "I am the God who has this claim," and the nation says, "I am the nation that has this claim," and religion also makes such claims, then all three can have the same claim. Then it is all. The path that God takes, the path that the nation takes, and the path that religion takes are all the same, the same. If you think that way, unification will happen automatically. What is it that humans learn and seek? It is simple. It is seeking God. Then what does it mean to seek God? It is nothing but seeking God's work.

Religion is the same, the same. What God teaches as the core is exactly what religion teaches, and what religion teaches is the tradition that the nation and all humanity should have. It is the same. What is that? It is the tradition of love, starting from the family, passing through the nation, passing through the world, and being able to go directly before God. That is tradition. (Applause) If you organize it this way, everything in the world becomes simple. Right? When someone asks, "Where are you going?" you should say, "Where am I going? I am going through my family, through my nation, through the world, and going before God!" That is the conclusion.

Also, when asked about religion, "Where are you going, religion? Where are you going, Unification Church?" you should say, "I am going to God through the individual, through the family, through the nation, and through the world." It should be the same. The same goes for when asked about the nation. Do you think so? "Yes." If you think of God, you can only think that way. An ideal religious leader should think that way, and a thinking national leader should also think that way; that is the correct thought. Otherwise, they are all fake, fake. Is there any disagreement? "No." White people, open your blue eyes wide and answer properly. Is that not certain? "Yes." Are you saying that just because you are Unification Church members? "Yes." Would the general public youth say that? "Yes." Would they? "Both." If you gathered American youth and had them listen to this talk, would they say, "Wow, Reverend Moon is right, my thinking was wrong!" or would they say, "Oh, Reverend Moon is wrong. I am right!" Is there anyone who would say that? Would such a person exist? If they do, that person is a failure. They are a heretic. (Applause)

In the end, only the principle of God can prevail.

As we approach the end of history, what kind of ideology will remain in the world? It will be those who claim to be like God, those who represent humanity and religion. This is the most theoretical conclusion. Religion will remain, in the end. In Christianity, when Jesus returns, he will establish the kingdom of heaven on earth and the kingdom of heaven in heaven, and all that ascending and whatnot is all...

Now, if a religion does not present the kind of thought that Reverend Moon speaks of, whether that religion or the world collapses, will someone who says to God, "I want to go to heaven!" really go to heaven? Not a chance. Will such a person survive? What kind of person will survive?

If Jesus had a thought that was for himself, he would have been an enemy of humanity, an enemy of God, an enemy of this tradition, an enemy of everything. Such a Jesus should be driven away. Don't come here. (Laughter) We do not need that kind of Jesus. However, if there is a Jesus who can educate this tradition all at once, unite the world, and fulfill such a purpose, then that Jesus is in line with theory, is welcomed by religion, is welcomed by humanity, and can be welcomed by all of heaven and earth. Therefore, it can be concluded that the work of unification will unfold through that Jesus, and that conclusion is the most theoretical.

That is why, when the end comes, nationalism will not prevail. Statism will not prevail either. Religion, whatever sectarianism, will not prevail. Free sex and divorce movements in America will not prevail.

So what will prevail? Only what Reverend Moon speaks of must prevail for the world and heaven and earth to have the possibility of being completely good. Do you think so? "Yes." Why is that so? Because God wants it that way, and countless saints also desire it... That is the purpose, that is. Because that is not happening in this world, we are trying to achieve it, and because the desire of the whole is such, we can only believe in that claim which can represent the emotional tradition of the whole and fit perfectly with theory. (Applause)

Look. Among those in the spirit world, how many kings will listen to Reverend Moon's words today and think, "If I had known this back then..." and how many loyal subjects, patriots, and filial children will there be? "If I had done this, I would have been better than Jesus, I would have been the king of kings, and I would have surely been a direct son or daughter of God... Wow, listening to this, it seems simple, but I didn't know that!" Would they regret it or not? "They would." Would they or not? "They would." Is that just talk, or is it really so?

Also, if a king were to say, if a great king of England from the past were to say, "Oh, if I could do this even as the most miserable person in the Unification Church, I would immediately throw away everything from the past and want to be that person," would he say that or not? "He would." Is that true? "Yes." Then are you better than the kings of the past? Are you better or not? "We are better."

So when you go out to sell newspapers in the morning, do you think, "I am a better king of England than Edward VIII! I am a royal procession!" and also, "I am a more wonderful woman than Queen Elizabeth! I am a royal procession!"? "Yes." (Laughter) Do you think that if you start thinking and acting that way after listening to the teacher, the king of England will laugh and Queen Elizabeth will laugh? "They would be envious." They would stop their actions, but they would be envious of even those who think that way. You must understand that. No matter how much they wait, it is impossible for them, but you are in the realm of possibility. (Applause) Do you think that is the case? The truth is so.

Everyone, what did Jesus do when he came to this earth? Did he do as much as Reverend Moon has done during his lifetime? "He did not." Jesus died in a pitiful way, pitifully. (The recording briefly cuts off) Nowadays, just like the Unification Church is rumored to be some sect, he was caught up in some shamanistic claims and was beaten to death. That is all there is. That is all he did. He claimed, "I am the son of God!" Then, if he is the son of God, what did he come to do? He came to establish the kingdom of heaven. All he claimed was, "Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand." After that, he said, "You are my brides, and I am the bridegroom!" It is simple. And he taught, "You must love me more than anyone else!" That is all he taught. "You must love me more than your president, more than your nation, more than your mother, more than your wife, more than your children." While making such claims, when he was dying, he even forgave the Roman soldiers. "Forgive them, O God! For they do not know what they do; forgive their sins!" And he prayed, "Oh, God! Receive my spirit." That is what he was trying to say. He claimed the kingdom of God.

So what specifically is that kingdom of God? How will it be made? It is not in the scriptures. That kingdom of God is nothing other than what Reverend Moon speaks of this morning: to create a nation for God. That is completely in line with theory. As the son of God loves God, he should love the family of the kingdom of heaven, love the people of the kingdom of heaven, and love the sovereignty of the kingdom of heaven. If that happens, the kingdom of heaven will automatically be established. It is the same principle. In Jesus' eyes, the Roman soldiers are not a wall, black and white are not a wall, and sects are not a wall. Everything is included in the kingdom of heaven. Everything is meant to be included.

Therefore, when someone asks, "Jesus, what do you want to do?" if he answers, "What I want to do first is to create the religion of the kingdom of heaven," that is a failing answer. He should say he wants to create the nation that God desires. To create that kingdom of heaven, how should it be made? It should not be made through religion but through the family. Where will you place God? You should want to place Him in your family as an eternal and unchanging parent. That is the desire of Jesus. You should dream of expanding this family centered on tradition into a nation, and dream of expanding this nation into a world that can connect to the kingdom of heaven. There is no other way. If you do not do that, Jesus cannot be Jesus. He cannot fulfill God's will, cannot unite all humanity, and cannot create the ideal nation of God.

Therefore, if Reverend Moon speaks like this, embracing even Rome, expanding to the point where he can make the world one nation and embrace all humanity, then the kingdom of heaven would have been established. Do you understand that? "Yes." If he could not do that and ended up on the cross... What is a nation? The kingdom of heaven is at hand? What is a nation, what is a nation? If he cannot fulfill even his own personal will, what kind of nation is that? If he cannot even establish a family, what kind of nation is that? He had no choice but to say he would come again as a bridegroom. When he comes, what will he do? As a bridegroom, centered on the bride, what will he do? He will create a family. It is simple, isn't it?

When viewed this way, can he come riding on a cloud? "No." It cannot happen. The established church believes that way. How astonishing it must be for God to see that, and how astonishing it must be for Jesus to see that! That kind of religion must perish in the end. It must perish. Therefore, when Christianity falls to the ground, you should know that the end has come. Do you understand? "Yes." When Jesus hears Reverend Moon's words this morning, will he be shocked, with his mouth agape, or will he be silent? What do you think? "He will laugh." If he gets angry, he is not qualified to be Jesus. He does not have the qualifications of the son of God. He is not even as good as you who are here. Do you think that is the case? "Yes." If you did not know that until now, you should learn it today and immediately repent, claiming, "That is my ideology." Shouldn't you? Do you think that is what you should do? "Yes, it should be."

Jesus wants to create a nation that can be established on the family he creates, a world that can be established on that nation. That is what he wants to do. It is simple. Then what will happen in the end? "Oh, let me (the family) in. Let me (the society) in. Let me (the nation) in. Let me (the world) in." They will all seek to enter into the realm of God's love.

It is the same. (While writing on the board) Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." In the love of God, the love that can connect with the world connects with the family, and the love that can connect with the nation connects with the family, and the love that can connect with society connects with the family, and the love that can connect with the family connects with me. Everything is interconnected. Also, heaven connects with the purpose I am going towards, and the nation connects with the purpose I am going towards; everything connects. Do you understand? "Yes." So what kind of person should you be? "I will become a person who, through the love of God, becomes a successful person in my family, a successful person in my nation, a successful person in the world, a successful person in the kingdom of heaven, and a successful person centered on God's heart. That is the duty of humanity born on this earth, and the purpose of a person being born." That is how it should be. There is nothing beyond that. That is all there is. What I am living now is living centered on the love of God and living centered on the heart of God. With that love, I will... Go to God and say, "God, let me live for a hundred years, a thousand years, or ten thousand years. I will surely create a family like this, a nation like this, a world like this, and I will surely understand your heart!" Try saying that. And ask, "God, do you want that or not?" "Did God also live like this, so does He want it or not?" Ask that. "Hmm, yes. Yes." Think about it. What more could there be to answer?

The Unification Church is the organization that is doing what God has wanted for millions of years. 

So what does the Unification Church mean by "unification"? Will it unify? What is unification? A unified religion has never appeared in history; can such a religion exist? Has Reverend Moon lost his mind? It sounds like a dream, but there is no other way to achieve oneness forever. If you, the members of the Unification Church, live for nearly ten thousand years, where will you go? "Oh, my beloved, you should only live with me. Forget about me..." Would you want a partner like that? "No." What kind of partner would you want? "Even if you abandon me, we must die for the descendants we desire and for the nation." Would you want a partner like that? "Yes." There is no other way.
Let’s create a great country that can embrace countless families and a great world that can embrace countless nations, let’s create the heavenly kingdom. Yes, that’s what I’m thinking of doing, what about you all? “Yes.” You are thinking that way as you listen to the teacher’s words now, have you thought that way since long ago? Why are you not confident? You weren’t sure. That’s why, no matter how much precious things are taken away from me, no matter how good things are taken away from America, no matter how good things are taken away from the world, on the day when only this remains, heaven and earth will eventually become one. Amen? “Yes.” Are you saying amen while smiling, or are you saying amen even though you feel bad? “While smiling.” (Laughter) Now you need to understand this claim.

That’s why here, the nation will be unified, the people will be unified, the religions will be unified, everything will be unified. This is a reality…. On the day we make this small garden into a garden that doesn’t exist in the world, the presidents of other countries will come here on a tour, the ministers will come on a tour, and countless nations will say, “Let’s go to Belvedere! Let’s go to the Unification Church!” Will they not? “They will.”

Forever, even when we go to that country…. When you realize that God is deeply focused here, and Jesus is the same, and countless religions and saints are all deeply focused here, how proud will it be to dedicate your life to this cause, having devoted all your mornings and evenings to it? How dignified should you be? This is the way to go. (Showing with actions) This is how you must take hold of the world. You should be able to go confidently saying, “No president is above me, I am above them by several hundred feet, or several thousand feet.” (Laughter) This is not something to laugh about; it’s a reality. That’s why where my gaze goes, the gaze of the people of the world goes, where my ears go, the ears of the people of the world go, and God is also trying to listen, and God is also trying to follow where I act. The entire spirit world and history are paying attention to this. Do you think so? “Yes.” No matter how much the world opposes, “You children! You still don’t know,” this is it. Those guys don’t know.

We must become warriors fighting for God and humanity. I’ve talked for two hours now, but if the teacher were to say these words in front of the American people, how many of you would turn your hearts around in a day? Would one-fifth of you turn around? “Yes.” But Reverend Moon is called a heretical monster, a monster that destroys this country, a monster that takes away all the sons of every mother and father, a monster that ruins established churches, a monster that ruins communism. They say the mafia is a monster, and the bank gang is a monster. (Laughter) Do Americans treat this well or poorly? “Poorly.” How poorly? “Very poorly….” Then do you think there will be a place for you to stand in the spirit world? There will be no place to stand. That’s the reality.

Now, are you in agreement with that, or not? “Not in agreement.” Then will you just watch that, or will you go and grab them and shut their mouths? What will you do? “I will change it.” So to change that, would you rather have your legs broken, become a beggar, and go even while being beaten and bleeding, or would you rather not go? “It’s better to go.” You must go? “Yes.” Will you do that? “Yes.” Will you do it after breakfast, after lunch, after dinner, and after sleeping for eight hours, or will you throw all that away and do it? “I will throw it all away.” Really? “Yes.” Why? Because you want to receive all of God’s love, humanity’s love, and the love of all history, one hundred percent. You want to receive one hundred percent. So you must be crazy about that. Isn’t that wonderful? “It is wonderful.”

This is not only possible in the Unification Church, but we are entering the stage of practical implementation. Raise your hands if you are blessed. You must know that you have been married until now…. Now, the 777 families are completely sacrificing their families for the nation and the world for seven years. 

Why? For humanity and for God….

There is a young lady in our house, and I said, “Now that you are over 30, you should go to your husband and have a family and give birth as a woman….” She said, “Teacher, can’t I extend it for another year or two?” It’s not that she is just playing around. Our children are making it hard for her. Yet she still says that. She wants to work for the world. She has a solemn thought that she will work for God’s will, even if it means abandoning her family, for the nation and the world.

There is someone among our theology students. When studying, he only had to shave his head to improve his grades, but when it comes to fundraising, he runs from early morning and has no time to rest. He has to run like lightning…. So there is someone who raises more than $200 a day on average. I thought I should assign him as the main responsible person, and when I asked him, “What do you want?” he said, “Teacher, I would rather stay here and do this with all my heart and be busy doing God’s work, working for heaven and the world, than being in a position of responsibility. Leave me here.” Do you understand what that means? Why is that? 

It’s because he knows that there is a way to connect with the world centered on love and to connect directly with God. Do you understand that? Do you all want to try it once? “Yes.” Where, raise your hands if you want to try. Put them down. So what are you trying to do? The teacher is going to die soon. The teacher is nearing 60 and is going to die soon. Even though I am dying, I want to leave a tradition. Even if I die, I want you to be more passionate than I am for the will and to create warriors who will fight and advance for the will throughout their lives.

Parents should tell their children to be filial and study so that they can inherit the future tradition, but if they just leave everything alone, it will be irresponsible for the parents, so if they say they don’t want to, they must hit them to ensure they inherit it. (Applause)

Only Unification Church members can save New York. 

So what is the lesson that Reverend Moon teaches? “Love your country, love the world, and love heaven as much as you love me.” A leader who says, “Forget about the nation, the world, and God, just love me!” is a false leader. Our Unification Church, whether it’s the New Yorker Hotel, News World, Belvedere, East Garden, even if all of that disappears, we must leave this behind. We must know how to leave this behind. Here is the world, here is heaven, here is God’s liberation, and here is humanity’s liberation. You must understand this. Do you understand what I’m saying? “Yes.” (Applause)

When you think like this, you should feel, “Wow, it’s an amazing thing!” when you see Japanese members coming to work in America. They should know that they love America more than their own country and that they are standing at the forefront of actual actions to love humanity more. Therefore, even if you couldn’t love your family or your country, you must know that you are entering the realm of blessing to love the world. Do you understand what I’m saying? “Yes.”

Yes, you do it because you can’t help it, or do you do it because you are happy? “I do it because I am happy.” Why? Because you know you cannot help but love. You know you cannot help it. That’s the way of love. Love is something you cannot avoid. Therefore, you must know that you are doing this from a position where you cannot help it, centered on God.

You must know that Reverend Moon is doing a truly great work even though he is facing opposition in America. No matter how much opposition there is, he is educating those who oppose and instilling this thought into them. If I die, you must educate the young people of America, those with blue eyes and yellow hair, just like you. Do you understand what I’m saying? “Yes.” 

We have stepped onto the front lines of the satanic world. New York is entirely a dark city. Today, the end of 50th Street, where the New Yorker Hotel is located, is all connected to the dens of prostitutes. Everything must be purged and cleaned. Young men and women are being tempted here.

You must know that the drugs that ruin America are here, and the devil is being nurtured here. I am trying to catch all of this. We must promote America, this New York, as a new New York to the whole world. And those who come to visit New York should come to find the young people of the Unification Church. We will serve for free. We will create a new educational system and promote everything. That’s how we will survive. Do you understand what I’m saying? “Yes.”

To carry out such a movement, we need hotels like the New Yorker. Do you understand it, or not? “We understand.” Are your eyes clear, or are they not? “They are clear.” How about your ears? “They are clear.” How about your thoughts? “They are clear.” Everything is clear, but how about your actions? “They are clear.” So we must do this.

We must resolve today that we will not allow the Unification Church, which has had a time to boast to the world since 1970, to be taken away by the devil’s grasp. Will we do it or not? “We will do it.” Now, those who will do it, let’s raise both hands and swear before heaven. Put them down.

What we are doing is to become the main characters of love. 

Today’s topic is “The Future Owner.” Where does the owner come from? It comes from here, where we do this. Not only is a family that I can love born here, but there is also a nation I can love, a heavenly kingdom on earth that I can love, and a God I can love. You must know that God’s love is here.

The light shines brighter in dark places. Isn’t that right? “Yes.” Since the world is dark, even if the Unification Church shines a little, it shines brightly. There is a heavenly will for the whole world, so God established the Unification Church and raised someone like Reverend Moon to carry out this work, having the power to resurrect the dying world.

Resurrection is needed for the dead, but it is not needed for those who are about to die. Resurrection is only applicable to the dead. 

However, New York is all dead. It has all perished. The other night when there was a blackout, New York City completely became the city of the devil, right? There is no hope. Therefore, we are needed to bring resurrection. Dead people cannot bring resurrection. Because we are alive, we can bring resurrection. If you look for a house, it will come back to life. It will be resurrected. So think of it as you are responsible for the resurrection rights that resurrect all 360 rooms. The resurrection of the nation, the resurrection of the world, the resurrection of heaven, think of it as all starting from there.

Have the conviction that when I speak and spread my breath, I am being resurrected through my sweat. When our young men and women go there, they should not think, “Oh, I will evangelize here and find my wonderful husband or my wonderful wife in the future.” They should throw away such thoughts. Here, they are discovering the world. They must know that they are on a journey to discover heaven and the world. 

They are not going that way to love Americans, but to open the way to love the people of the world.

On the day that God has hope and a heart to love in the entire Americas, will they go looking for established churches, or will they come looking for us? They will definitely come looking for the Unification Church. God Himself will come looking for us, God Himself. God will cooperate with the Unification Church. Here, all kinds of miracles will happen. Unimaginable things will happen in the future. Just wait and see if it happens or not…. “Before you come, I saw this yesterday.” It will be shown in advance, revealed…. A large-scale welcoming movement will unfold for you. Just wait and see. The spirit world is trying to cooperate 24 hours a day, 24 hours.

However, to receive cooperation from the spirit world for 24 hours, you must have a mindset that exceeds 24 hours; otherwise, you cannot receive that cooperation. You know how far things can go, right? You might get so tired that you say, “Let’s take a little break,” and sit on a bench and end up sleeping through the night. When morning comes, will God say, “Hey, you kid! Why are you sleeping on the bench?” God will bring you a blanket of love, and you must know that love’s protective rights are being established in that place. Then you will know you are getting closer to God.

Later, when you go to the spirit world, God will say, “Hey, didn’t you realize that I did this for you at such and such a time?” That will all become a topic of conversation. You need to have many such experiences. No matter how good-looking you are, if God doesn’t recognize you, it’s useless. Rather, even if you become disabled, if you are recognized when you stand before God, that is glory. You must understand that.

I think that way. Don’t you think that way? “I think so.” Until today, you didn’t think that way, did you? From today, will you feel that way? “Yes.” Will you do it or not? “We will do it.” Will you do it or not? “We will do it!” Why are you doing it? “For God.” No, it’s not. You are doing it to become the main character of love.

The path we are walking is the path to inherit God’s love. 

If you do this, you will undoubtedly become the eternal main characters of the future. That is recognized by heaven, and there, countless ancestors and descendants of the past, present, and future must bow their heads. Then, with a heart that cares for individuals, families, tribes, nations, and the world, and with a heart that cares for heaven and earth, you will become a son before God and appear as a master who can inherit God’s love.

If this is true, the problem is significant. The teacher thinks so. The teacher thinks this way while assigning you. So wherever you go, because of the area you are responsible for…. You cannot go anywhere. Everything is completely bound there. You must live a life bound like a servant, like a sinner in that area.

So if New York goes down, just kill Reverend Moon. You can shoot him or expel him. He is a fraud, a fraud! He is a fraud before humanity. If heaven does not move and cooperate, then there is no heaven. Reverend Moon himself has lived with such conviction, and that’s why God is with him, and Reverend Moon himself has achieved global success. 

Is Reverend Moon a successful person or a failed person? “He is a successful person.”
"Yes." What about, what about? I think I have failed at everything. I think everything has failed. That's why I don't think about the company just because there is a company. I don't think about the church either. I don't think about New Yorkers, or the news world. What is the one thing I think about? I have become a victor of love, that's it, a victor of love. With just that, I can win in everything. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

That's why, regardless of whether you are white, black, or yellow, you are trying to follow Reverend Moon, but the world doesn't understand that no matter how much they study. "What happened? Is Reverend Moon using some magic that when he commands, they just want to go to their death...? Even while working 24 hours, they don't know how to complain or oppose? Even while dying, they praise Reverend Moon and want to die while saying they love him? That's what's happening. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you feel good or bad? "Good." Is it true? "Yes!" Do you love me? "Yes!" Do all kinds of people, regardless of color, love Reverend Moon? The whole world is trying to kill Reverend Moon, and even the communists are planning to assassinate him, yet do they love Reverend Moon? Just thinking about it is exhausting, and until now, they have made him work hard and suffered, and it’s exhausting, yet they still love him? Do you like Reverend Moon, who makes you suffer endlessly, who makes it hard to live as soon as you open your eyes? "Yes." Why, why do you like him? You should think that you are doing this to inherit love like Reverend Moon.

Sometimes, I feel the most hostile towards those who say they love Reverend Moon, who say they love Teacher Moon. After truly acting, they should say, "Teacher..." Those who only speak are the ones who want to take away everything I have blessed them with. When I think about how much devotion and suffering I have put in to receive God's love until I stand here, it makes me very angry. It makes me feel bad to see people shaking their heads and still wanting to receive the blessings of the Unification Church. They should be prepared to die, to risk their lives to be in harmony with God’s heart. If that’s how they can receive God’s love, I did it first. I don’t need to say this to you.

There is a lot of history. There is a lot of history between the Unification Church and you and me. There are many tearful stories and many stories of risking lives. You need to know that there is a more magnificent history in the Unification Church than any great movie. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You need to understand that it is all to inherit God's love.

So, if you want to follow the path Reverend Moon is taking, to inherit love, you must walk that path as well. There is no objection. When you live like this and leave, people of all colors will come to your grave, shedding tears and blessing your descendants with all their heart. If there is a grave, they will come to kneel at that grave, shedding tears and blessing you. Even if you walk the path of Golgotha, you must walk it with gratitude.

You should visit the land of Israel. Jesus left behind one thought and died. He spoke of that thought but could not act on it and died. If Jesus, who spoke and died, received such treatment, then you, who act and leave behind that tradition, should receive even greater treatment. Therefore, you must act before you speak, act. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

You need to know that this is how the resurrection of history will explode. It is not a personal resurrection like Jesus' resurrection, but the resurrection of a nation called America, and the resurrection of the world. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." The fact that I can look at and take on such a solemn task...

Even while being drenched in rain, rain that has never fallen in a lifetime, you must pray to God, "Thank you for giving me such a mission." Even on a cold day that has never existed in history, you must pray, "Thank you for allowing me to pray in such a place." Even in a difficult, hungry, and tough place, you must pray, "Thank you for allowing me to pray in such a place." It is not about praying in a comfortable place. You must be grateful for being able to pray in a cold place, in a place where you are hungry and cannot endure, in a place where you want to sleep, in a place where you feel drowsy, in a difficult and sad place.

What has been entrusted to you is not the Golgotha where Jesus personally triumphed on the cross, but the Garden of Gethsemane and the path of Golgotha to win the nation and the world. You must understand that this path is here. You must have the conviction that you will walk this path while living, not dying. If you think you are going to die, think, "I will resurrect with New York, with America, with the world!" Do you understand what I mean?

Jesus' personal cross was carried out in Gethsemane and Golgotha, but we stand in a holy place where we can walk the path of Gethsemane and Golgotha for humanity and for heaven and earth, taking responsibility. 

As you walk through the streets of New York, which are asleep, as you walk through the area you are responsible for, shedding tears and saying, "You are asleep, but I am praying for the day of resurrection for you," there should be such things happening. When it passes four o'clock and becomes five o'clock, which house will you first visit? When you move like this, New York will undoubtedly become the world’s Gethsemane and Golgotha. It can happen. 

So, will Reverend Moon resurrect in New York or not? His name may be fallen to the ground and be in a miserable state, but will he resurrect or not? Will he resurrect? "Yes." Then will it just be a name? Even if there are fences and doors closed in Belvedere, the citizens of New York will come, lining up to see Reverend Moon, asking, "When will he come out in the morning?" They will wait five hours, six hours, twelve hours, twenty-four hours, or even several days just to see him.

What do you think will happen if Reverend Moon appears here on Sunday morning? Will this place be packed with people? What do you think? "It will be packed." The police of Belvedere and the police of Irvington will be mobilized to manage traffic and run errands, and they will all listen to the words and go back. Then, even if we do not protect East Garden, the police will come to protect it. Will that happen or not? "It will happen." All kinds of things will happen, all kinds of things. That’s why this is the front line, the front line. That’s why the teacher has designated this place as the front line of world historical times. It is the front line, the front line.

If it goes like this, the American people will want to meet us soon. You are here on a mission, on a mission. But can you sleep freely? "No." Can you eat freely? "No." Can you come and go freely? "No." That’s why you must show strictness to New Yorkers and Gehart. I commanded that you should not leave anything undone that you have received guidance on. Since Gehart is strict, do you feel good or bad? What is that? I see and know everything. "Oh, I wish the old person was here, Gehart is too strong, and he doesn't forgive anything, so I don't like it!" you complained, right? "No." "This is getting harder and harder, I can't move forward!" You are bound to feel that way. Do you like that? "Yes." Did you clearly say "yes"? If you only complain, look. (Laughter)

Since I commanded it, you must do it that way. Gehart absolutely obeys the orders of his superior. In the future, when I say, "Hey, when it becomes six o'clock, everyone go out in front of the New Yorker Hotel!" if someone does not go out, they should be beaten with a stick. (Laughter) Do you welcome that or not? "We welcome it." Raise your hand if you are complaining, if you are complaining? I will ask you one thing. Raise your hand! Then does that mean it’s good? "Yes." Why? You may not live well, but the country is doing well, the Unification Church is thriving, and America can live, so that’s good. It’s good, good. You need to understand this. Being more faithful for the greater good is good. That is our traditional thought. Is there any objection to that? Is there any objection, or not? "No." 

There are people who think like this (making a face) about pretty girls. That’s all a dream. In the Unification Church, it’s a dream. It’s a dream-like thought to think like that... Carrying rags on your butt, carrying rags on your chest, carrying rags on your face, what dream is that? (Laughter) We are people who hope for the future. This is our pride. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

If you go like this, you will undoubtedly become the owner. You will undoubtedly become the owner. Is there anyone among the American people who does not know Reverend Moon? Those who do not know are not people of the times. They are like bear cubs in the mountains, like piglets. (Laughter) They will come to know.

As long as Reverend Moon is alive in this country, he will not disappear from the world. Also, Reverend Moon's followers will not remain idle. He is a problematic figure in America. It’s a problem, a problem. Do you understand? "Yes."

That’s why in the future, everyone will have to study Reverend Moon. And those who have been cursing like this, saying, "What about Reverend Moon, what is this book?" once they start looking, they will be like this, like this in the future. (Making a face)

Because of the opposition, America will completely surrender to me and ask for forgiveness. That day will surely come. Until then, I will continue this work. If you want to continue opposing, go ahead. It will surely come, surely, surely come. Do you all agree? "Yes!" Is that true? "Yes!" You might think the teacher's words are a lie. "No!" Then, are you more certain than the teacher? "Yes." Then go, go. That day will surely come. The sooner you go, the sooner it will come, and the later you go, the later it will come. Doesn’t that feel good, no matter how you hear it? "Yes."

All the people of New York will be looking for "Where have Reverend Moon and the Moonies gone?" They will be searching for "Where can I meet those Moonies?" They will come to find you. When will you start searching? How will you meet the people of 360 in New York? It’s hard to meet them every day, so you will say, "Well, I want to meet you, and you want to meet me, so let’s meet." You will ring the bell at places like parks or in front of big houses or churches, and ring, ring, ring, signaling the Unification Church. Then they will gather, saying, "Woohoo!"... You can do that. (Laughter. Applause) Just think about it. If everyone is saying "Woohoo!" then the neighboring towns will all be in that situation, and if anyone is like that, they will say, "Hey, let’s do that too." Just think about it. If all of New York is like that, from what time to what time, everyone will be gathering around Central Park saying, "Woohoo, ring-a-ding, ring-a-ding! Woohoo, hey, hey, hey!" Just think about it. It will come. It will surely come.

And then, when they demonstrate, saying, "Reverend Moon, come out! Reverend Moon, let’s see him!" at that time, I will appear... (Applause) What will happen to New York then, will it die or live? "It will live." What will happen to America? "It will live." America will surely live, surely. Where else can you find such a business, such a business? Is your mouth watering? "Yes."

Our activities involve the world
This morning, I talked about worrying about the cold. Now, everyone, you all must get married within five years. Do you want to be blessed? Do you want to get married, or not? "I want to." Well, if you get married, after five years, you will have two or three babies, how will you feed them? What will you feed them? Have you thought about that? Do you think, "Reverend Moon will earn money and feed us"? That’s impossible. It’s impossible. Even the American nation cannot do that. Even God cannot do that. You must do it, you must.

So, if it goes like this, when you get married, you will have to pack your bags and go out into the world to find a job. What will happen to the Unification Church then? Will there be no one left? So, everyone, you must sell newspapers now. If you can sell 360 copies a day, if you can deliver them, you need to know that even if you don’t, one person can earn $1,500 in income. If that happens, you will have an income of $1,500 every month. Do you understand what I mean? It can be even more than that. If that happens, all the future living arrangements will be solved. If you can sell newspapers like that, then afterward, when I say come, you will come, and when I say go, you will go, everything will be like that.

Then I will say, "Hey, everyone! Please sell one ginseng tea each month." It’s good for personal health, and it’s not bad to eat. If you just deliver that, you will have an income of over $1,500 a month. Do you understand? "Yes." Once you lay that foundation, of course, candles and peanuts, everything... Then you can buy a truck and go around carrying about 200 of them every day. Just set up communication devices, wireless devices, and if you can just make phone calls, you can deliver anything anytime, and this department store will all say, "The heretic Reverend Moon, the Moonies!"

You need to understand that there is a possibility that the communists could become the mayor of New York. To prepare for this, we must create such an organization. Think about what will happen. Don’t you think so? "I do." The teacher thinks we must do this with our lives on the line. 

If this path is paved, houses will be plentiful... 360 houses will now become your houses. Your houses. Even if you don’t have a house, you can live. Now, how many people will live in 360 houses? If there are five people in one house, since each year there will be a birthday, even if you are invited to those birthday parties, or if you are invited every day, it will become a situation where you cannot all go. (Laughter) Just think about it. All the problems that can save the world will be solved.

On the day this happens, wouldn’t Boston be like that, wouldn’t Philadelphia be like that, wouldn’t Washington and Chicago be like that? Wherever you go, the entire American city will be active according to this organization. We must create the model case in New York. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Then the whole world will live, the whole world. The way to solve all your families and children in the future, the foundation for the Unification Church to develop globally, America will live...
There is a way to destroy the Communist Party, a way to achieve all of this right here. Are you not going to do it? What we are doing is becoming the owners of the heavenly kingdom and the world of hearts. Just think about it for the next three years. What will happen? Problems will arise before even three years are up. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." These are people who should be willing to die for New York, about a thousand of them. They would feel it’s worth dying for. To save these ten million people, you know what I mean? Do you understand what I’m saying? "Yes." 

Do you want to have a family now? If we do this, just by working for three hours, we will create an environment where we can live and do anything in the future. Will you become a salaryman who gets looked down upon and mistreated by your superiors in some company? "No." If our ginseng tea becomes hopeful, ginseng drinks can come out, ginseng gum can come out, ginseng cans can come out, and ginseng cola can come out, all sorts of things can emerge. In the future, we even plan to make ginseng alcohol. (Laughter) That’s not alcohol; it’s medicine. Just a little will give you energy. (Laughter, applause) Look at that. It’s limitless, limitless.

Once we get going, we can do everything by sitting and making phone calls. We can call everyone and have them come. If we tell everyone to come on a certain day, they will all gather, right? When the bell rings, don’t they all come? What effort is required?

So, should we study how to die or how to live? "How to live." This is the way to live. If we don’t do this now, we will face serious problems in the future. Now, let’s assume you trust the teacher and for three years, you put aside everything, let your shoes wear out and your feet get sore. Try it. If we do this, there is a way for us to live without working.

By centering around those 360 households, we can create a support group for the Unification Church, and if everyone just speaks up, they will all be moved and will be able to do anything. If we say, "Give all your tithes," will they not do it? "I have dedicated everything to you, so you should at least support one-tenth of your earnings." Then they will send it to the support group. Do you understand? 

If that happens, one-tenth of the wealth of New York City will be flowing back and forth to us. Do you understand what I’m saying? "Yes." There are countless bright futures opening up right here.

Now, we are thinking about these sacred tasks. We are thinking about sacred tasks. Those who do not participate and take action will be punished. They must be criticized. In the future, your homes will be built there. Then, in the place where there are 360 households, while you are alive, there will be events to erect tombstones and statues for you. Do you understand what I’m saying? "Yes." Is that interesting or not? "It is."

If you had done such things while Reverend Moon was facing opposition in New York, would Reverend Moon’s name fall to the ground? Would all the ideas that Reverend Moon advocated be buried and disappear? Think about it. "His name will remain." Now, does it feel good? "Yes." "Wow, the more opposition we face, the better. I’ll endure the opposition and stay up all night to try it. For 24 hours, as long as my body can endure, even if there’s no profit, I will try." Would you do that? "Yes."

Do you want to be blessed? "Yes." After being blessed, go to your wife’s area and say, "I am the husband of so-and-so. Therefore, I will come here to help." Then the wife goes to the husband’s area and says, "I am the wife of so-and-so. I have come to cooperate." Would they say, "Hey! You guys are doomed! What’s going on? You’re living well, why are you doing this inside and outside?" Would they praise you? When they see that, would the husband or wife feel good or bad? Think about it. "They would feel good."

Then, children are born. When the child runs around and goes to elementary school, they say, "Hey, go around to your father’s area. Go to your mother’s area." When they go there and say, "I am the son of so-and-so," how would people react? "Hey, did this unlucky kid come here first thing in the morning?" Would they say that, or would they say, "Oh, welcome!"? What do you think? "They would say welcome." When the child hears that, they would think, "My mom is so ugly, and my dad looks like a fool, but I didn’t know they were this great! Wow, my mom and dad are the best!" Wouldn’t they? (Laughter) 

Think about how wonderful that would be. What would happen to New York? Do you think you would starve? No matter how much you try to starve, you won’t be able to, and no matter how much you try to fail, you won’t be able to fail. You can’t fail even if you want to.

Even if both parents suddenly die, leaving only the children, they will try to take care of each other. Is that right or not? Is that theoretically possible or impossible? "It is possible."

So why aren’t we doing this? Why? Even if we can’t do other things, we must do this. Even if we can’t do other things, we must. It must be theoretically established. Do you understand what I’m saying? "Yes." Do you know that the teacher has given you the newspaper price? Do you buy it every day? "Yes." Aren’t there many who don’t buy it? You must buy it. The newspaper company is struggling, but we are planning to create our newspapers in every city in the future. Do you understand what I’m saying? "Yes." We are doing it according to this pattern. Should we grit our teeth and do it or not? Women, don’t you want to do it? "No." You don’t want to do it, right? "I want to!" You don’t want to do it, do you? "I want to!" Women are women no matter how loud they shout. (Laughter) You won’t be able to stand against the men. Men, will you do it or not? "We will!" Wow! Wow! (Imitating a male voice, laughter) You are always going to be defeated. You are always going to be defeated, but you won’t be defeated in selling this newspaper. You won’t be defeated in distributing principle books and cassette tapes. Men, do you get defeated by women? "No!" You are bound to be defeated. Didn’t you get dragged around by women in the Garden of Eden? (Laughter) You got dragged around. 

Nowadays, when American men enter their homes, they are all flustered by women, right? "No." What do you mean no! Isn’t that the truth? "No." Then try it. It’s ten o’clock now. (Laughter) Let’s stop here.

If we do this, we will surely become the owners of New York, the owners of America, and not just the owners of America, but the owners of the world and the owners of the heart world of God in the heavenly kingdom. We will become owners who cannot be removed. Is it yes or no? "Yes!" Is there a possibility? "Yes!" Think about it. Did you answer incorrectly? Think again. Is it amen or no amen? "Amen!" Amen! "Amen!"

Act to become the eternal future’s owner
Now, let’s have hope starting today. In a month, when I go to some house in New York and ask, "Has your house received a donation?" I want to hear a "Yes." (Laughter) The teacher likes that. I really like it. Meet an old man on the street and joke, "Do you know about donations?" Now, we should do that. I’m not saying to do it forcefully. It should be voluntary.

When we look at everything theoretically, we must do this, and all of it, with our eyes open, thinking, with our ears open, thinking, with our mouths closed, thinking, no matter how much we think, we must come to the conclusion that it can’t be helped. Is that a yes? "Yes!" Now, the leaders of New York should take sticks and drive them away. Is that welcome? "Yes." 

This lump of flesh will only move that way. That’s the best method. Is that the truth or not? "It is." That’s why Jesus said to his disciples, "The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak." To strengthen this flesh… you have to hit it. Nowadays, when a teacher hits a student in school, they say they go to jail, and I thought America was doomed. You should voluntarily say, "Hit me so I can learn." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." What do our Unification Church members need? That’s what we truly need. Is there any objection to that? "Oh, it’s already unfair that I became a donor, but now I’m getting beaten by Reverend Moon; will I survive?" Is that welcome? (Laughter)

On the day the teacher hits with a stick, I won’t forget it. Wherever I go, when I see that person, I will remember, "Are they doing well?" (Laughter) Look. Even if you came during the blessing, I will do it first. That’s how it will be. Think about it. (Laughter) How blessed is that? In Korea, when I hit with a stick, heaven worked, and fire came down. They received grace. (Laughter) Even when it hurts, they danced. (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

So, is it better to fulfill God’s will this way or not fulfill it? "Better to fulfill it this way." Even if we can’t do it, it’s okay, right? What should we be? We must be first. "I will be first!" Say it. A donor must be first.

Those who come in front will always sit first, every morning. Even if they ask, "Why do you come here every day?" they will keep coming. Where did that black friend go? "He went fundraising." Because he went fundraising… he was here early in the morning, and I think of him. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

There is a saying in Korea, "Give a whip to the one you love, and give food to the one you hate." Do you understand? That saying is very reasonable. Why? To continue the right tradition… one must feel pain through the whip of parental love and be able to shed tears before that love. Do you understand what I’m saying? "Yes." Doing this is the privilege of a Moonie to become a Sunie.

Now, let those who are willing to go this way with gratitude raise their hands. Put them down. If you do this, you will surely become the beloved owners of God forever. Thank you.

Let’s become the new self
As you know, the central idea of Christianity is the idea of resurrection, and that resurrection idea is the idea of being born again. We know this. We know that Jesus rebuked Nicodemus by saying, "Are you a teacher of the Jews and do not know that you must be born again?"

Such an idea is the central idea of Jesus and at the same time the central idea of God. You must understand that if it is the central idea of God and Jesus, then that idea must become the central idea of all humanity. Humans must clearly feel that they are inherently fallen beings.

That is why humanity must go through this path of rebirth, but we also know that today’s entire universe must be reborn. In terms of our Unification Church, various ceremonies such as the blessing ceremony are merely conditions for establishing rebirth. To be born again, there must be parents who will give birth to us.

So why do we need rebirth? It is because of the fall. It is a gift brought by the fall. So what is the fall? It is the position of having been born from fallen parents. 

You must have the conviction that you were born from fallen parents and in fallen love. You must completely feel that. Today, many people live on this earth, but how many live with the awareness that "I was born from fallen parents"? How much do our Unification Church members feel that? When you look at your face in the mirror, if you are handsome, you want to boast about that handsomeness, and if you have something better than others, you want to brag about it. This is the flaw of humanity.

So, whether it’s my eyes, ears, nose, mouth, or all my senses, whether it’s my body or mind, I must realize that this is a gift of the fall and that I was born from fallen parents. I must truly feel that I was born as a fallen gift! Have you thought about that? Have you thought about it? If women have a blemish or a dark scar here, they think every day, "Oh, how nice it would be if this were gone!" and have all sorts of thoughts.

So what is the phenomenon of fallen humans being born? It is as if they have eyes but do not see, ears but do not hear; everything is equipped, but it is all as if it is dead. Have you thought about that? We must realize that our eyes, our senses, and our very selves are ugly and unseeable. We must discover that.

To walk the path of religion, we must thoroughly feel this. We must feel it thoroughly. Moreover, we were born with bodies that can die. At the same time, I must feel that I am a sinner who cannot be forgiven anywhere. In this world, if I have committed the greatest sin and am taken to the execution ground, I must feel that no one can go ahead of me.

What sin did I commit? It is as if I sold God. When I say this, it becomes real… I sold God. It is as if I sold the universe. Then, if there are ideals of humanity, ideals of heaven, and ideals of the universe, I have sold all those ideals. Then, if there is love, I have sold all love.

Now, I think, "I will move the world, I will succeed and become great, I will love someone, and I will have something," but all of this is ridiculous. Furthermore, Adam sold Eve, and Eve sold Adam. They sold their brother. Who is that being? It is me, me.

So, who did I sell to? I sold to Satan. Because I sold everything of God, even God’s values, to Satan, I must reclaim that. I must reclaim the values of the universe.
You must find all these things: love, the value of brotherhood, and so on. That is why Satan is a being who not only conspires to betray and sell everything but also has taken possession of everything by making it possible to sell such things. So, what did he sell? He sold it with himself and with love. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Because of this, what kind of self have we become? We have become a dead self. We have become a worthless existence.

When you look at it this way, this universe has all fallen into the realm of corruption. It is in the realm of death. Who is the master here? It is Satan. So, this place has become the realm of death, but where is the realm of life? We must transcend this. We must transcend this. Now, when I look at you all, it is upside down. (While writing on the board) This is me. Individual, family, tribe, nation, world, cosmos—this is all upside down.

The human desire is to break through Satan and meet God and find parents. So, what is your desire? It is rebirth. To be born again is the desire, to be born again. Then, where must we be reborn? Is it here? Where is it? We must be reborn from a position that transcends the realm of corruption. When you look at it this way, what has happened to yourselves? Your bodies are being pressed down. The family is pressing down, then the tribe is pressing down, the nation is pressing down, the world is pressing down, and heaven and earth are pressing down. You are now at the very bottom. Have you ever felt that?

So, does what is pressing down make me flat, or do I break through what is pressing down? There are only two options. There are only two paths. How about you? What position are you in? Where are you right now? If I have the strength to break through, then the more I am pressed down, the better it is. The more I push back against it. This is upside down. In the end, the realm of corruption is like this... So, in the end, who do I fight against? I must break through Satan. Only then can I meet God. Only by meeting God can I finally find my parents. Isn’t that how it should be? Do you understand? "Yes."

Then what exactly is the role of religion? Religion has been a trap for thousands of years. It started from the individual and has descended upside down to the family. No matter how much religion becomes globalized, we must not be under religion. We must be above religion. So, do we humans need religion, or does religion need humans? What is it? The very essence of religion needs people. That person is the true person, the true person.

Now, if you are a true person, you do not need religion. Because of becoming an evil person, you have entered the realm of death. By becoming a good person, a kind person, a righteous person, you are moved into the world of God’s realm of life.

Let’s become the new self.
Religion is a place that feeds on the milk of life.
So, the Unification Church is also a religion, but where is the Unification Church? Are you leading the Unification Church, or is the Unification Church leading you? Look. Does a resurrected person need religion? A resurrected person does not need religion. Religion is a gift that came about because of the fall.

Do you need religion? "Yes." "No." (Laughter) What is it? Do you need religion or not? "I need it." (Laughter) So, until when do we need religion? We need it until we transcend the realm of resurrection. On the day we cross the boundary line, religion will not be needed. The need for religion is... What do we do here? We discover God. We discover God as a parent.

Do you really know God? Do you know God or not? What is it? Do you know or not? "I do not know." (Laughter) Then do you know the Unification Church? "I know." What does the Unification Church aim to do? It aims to discover God. So, is there God in the Unification Church? "Yes." Have you discovered God in the Unification Church? "Yes." Then why do you say you do not know God? (Laughter) So, what is the purpose of religion? It is to discover God, but until now, we did not know what kind of God He is.

A little baby is born from parents, but does the baby know the parents? Does the baby know? Religion is like feeding on milk. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." And if the baby had a prenatal period, does the baby know about the prenatal period? Does it know what it ate and how it grew in the womb? "No." It forgets all that and comes out, not knowing whether there are mother and father, and just opens its mouth to eat. When it is hungry, it just cries. So, what is religion? It is a place that feeds on the milk of life. When you are hungry, have you ever cried out, "Oh, I should go to church and listen to the word. Oh, I need to go to church"? "Yes."

To resurrect, one must overcome spiritual tests and physical tests.
So, after drinking the milk and feeling good, the baby starts to recognize faces and says, "Oh, that person is the best. That person is the one who feeds me." But is it enough just to drink milk? A truly loving parent must also train, exercise, and even make the child do things they dislike. As the child grows, the parent aims to make them someone who can overcome the world, someone who can undergo all the difficult training that the world cannot withstand. Such a parent is a true parent.

That means sending the child to elementary school, middle school, high school, and university to train them to be someone who can dominate the world, not someone who is dominated by the world. Meanwhile, what do we do? Because we have betrayed God, betrayed the universe, and betrayed everything, we must seek God, seek the universe, seek our brothers, and seek everything again. With such training, when we equip ourselves with everything here and are born as humans who can transcend everything, the resurrection of the world will begin from there. Doesn’t it seem so? "Yes."

If God loves humanity and truly guides religion, then it concludes that there must be persecution or pressure within the realm of religion if we want the realm of resurrection. Therefore, it presses down personally, presses down at the family level, presses down socially, presses down nationally, presses down globally, and even presses down cosmically, and then even presses down on God. But we must break through this. That is why, even if the world persecutes us, we cannot resurrect without having the signboard of victory in front of the world that persecutes us. Do you understand? "Yes."

So, when our young men and women go out into the world, they must say that no matter what tempts them, they will not be swayed. After I have completely won, after I have completely resurrected, then those things will be necessary. Before resurrection, the more I get entangled with them, the more they become obstacles. 

So, religion says, "Throw it all away! Just get rid of it all!" Do you understand? "Yes." While denying everything, what is one thing we hope for? It is not to deny everything and eliminate it all, but one thing we hope for is, "I must resurrect." This is the thought, the thought of resurrection. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Therefore, I must have a conviction that is greater than the universe. I represent God from the position of goodness and represent this universe; I will not change from any position... Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Then what kind of phenomenon occurs next? Spiritual attacks come. Spiritual attacks come. There are spiritual tests and physical tests. Do you know that? Have you ever experienced spiritual or physical tests while believing in the Unification Church? "Yes." How does a man receive recognition for having triumphed as a man? How does one become a victorious man? Is it by fighting and winning against other men? "No." That is a test for women. This test of women must be ruthlessly cut off. No matter how beautiful a woman appears and tries to enchant me, I must remain unaffected.

Women are the opposite. A handsome man comes and lures them. Then they are drawn in without realizing it. (Demonstrating with actions, laughter) Isn’t that how it should be? What must one overcome? A man must triumph over other men, but is it by fighting against other men? No. One must overcome the many beauties of the world of Satan. Isn’t that how it should be? So, did you win there? "Yes." Is it a "yes" or a "no"? "Yes!" (Laughter)

Our Unification Church members are all together, so it seems like that. When you see that everyone is struggling with fundraising and selling newspapers, their faces become rough and unattractive, so they do not think such thoughts. But when you meet a true beauty or handsome man, you all melt away. Have you ever thought while going around fundraising, "Oh, I wish I could have such a husband"? "I wish I could have such a wife"? Have you thought about it or not? Have you thought about it or not? "I have not thought about it." (Laughter) Why is your answer like that? It means you have all thought about it. Isn’t that right? (Laughter) That is the biggest problem. It is the biggest issue. That is the first thing that gets caught. Whether seen through Satan's eyes or through God's eyes or through the eyes of true religion, it is the same. 

When viewed through God's eyes, a true man who has triumphed must be like this. It is the same when viewed through the eyes of religion. To transcend the realm of death, one must break through the world of Satan through a higher religion. When you look at today’s world, what are all these religions? Are they religions that play within the realm of death of Satan, or are they religions that transcend the realm of death? What is it? Are there any religions that claim to transcend death? Where are they? Are they playing in the realm of death or in the realm of life? "In the realm of death." Then what does the Unification Church aim to do? As I said, it aims to become the new self.

That is why, until now, higher religions say to throw everything away. They say to abandon the world entirely. They say to abandon the individual, abandon the family, abandon the nation, and live a single life alone. They advocate for singleness. They say women are temptresses, men are temptresses, and the world is all enemies, teaching to abandon everything. Then they go into the mountains, into the mountains... 

Religions that do not advocate this are not higher religions. Buddhism and Christianity are considered higher religions. So, they all do mountain asceticism... Did Jesus pray a lot? He prayed for 40 days and prayed on the Mount of Olives, and all that... Religion is related to the mountains. What does that life mean? It is a life to be recognized as a successful person. One must overcome that and equip oneself with skills and then go into the world of Satan and break through. Even if everything is against you, you must break through. If you do not, you must understand that there is no way to pass that test.

That is why it is a principle that religion must be persecuted. Therefore, generally, religions have all been beheaded by the nation. They fight against the nation. They must break through the boundaries of the nation and even break through the path of death. There has never been a religion that has done that until now. That is how it has been. The nation is all an enemy. Why did Jesus die? He died because he could not break through the Roman Empire. Even if he won there, it would only mean he won over the Roman Empire, and he could not reach the position of overcoming the world. That is why it means he must come again. Do you understand what I mean?

So, it concludes that a religious leader must emerge who is opposed by humanity, the spirit world, and Satan. Only then can God ascend to His original position as God. People can also rise to the position of those who have not fallen. Do you understand what I mean?

The only religion that faces historical persecution is the Unification Church.
So, until now, it is not God who deals with fallen humanity. When God deals with unfallen humanity, then He separates from Satan and the world of Satan. Satan and the world of Satan will be divided. It must be at that time that the division occurs. You must stand in that position to understand that division. Only then does the theory align.

Then what kind of person is the Lord of the Second Advent or the Savior? What kind of person is he? He is a perfect person who, centered on spirit and body, unites the spirit world and the physical world, even uniting with Satan and God, and despite opposition, he does not fall but is victorious. He is a victorious person. That is why all spirits in the spirit world are paying attention to the one who is fighting. The whole world is paying attention. 

So, if a religion emerges that can welcome the Lord of the End Days, that religion will be the one that faces the most persecution, the most historically persecuted religion. Do you understand? "Yes." That kind of religion exists only in the Unification Church.

You are Americans. Do Americans oppose you? "Yes." Why do they oppose you? The opposition is not to hold onto America but to abandon America. The opposition from Americans is a counteraction to make you abandon the America you are living in. God is making them do that. To care for America, you must abandon America. To care for a greater America, for God, for the world, and for something greater, you must abandon it. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Abandon what is doomed and seek what can be resurrected.

So, you are different from the youth of America. You are Americans, but you are different from other Americans. You are the youth of tomorrow, the future of America. You are the kind of Americans that God loves, that the spirit world loves, that all humanity loves, and that all people praise. Is that right? "Yes." So, is it good to be opposed, or is it bad? "It is good." Would you prefer the opposition to come from the side or to hit you head-on? What would you prefer? "Head-on."

Now, regarding the Unification Church, from President Carter to the State Department, to the Senate and House of Representatives, to the Treasury, they are all doing this. They are hitting head-on. Are they not? "They are." Does that feel good or bad? "It feels good." If they attack and Reverend Moon and the Unification Church step aside, they will fall apart. (Laughter) They have fallen right into the trap. The New York Times and the Washington Post are doing that right now.

There must be persecution. If there is no persecution, you cannot receive the sign of victory, the guarantee of victory. Now, looking closely, is Reverend Moon doing that? Has our Unification Church stood in that position or not? "It has." Is that a good thing or a bad thing? "It is a good thing."

Meanwhile, Christianity opposes Christianity, Judaism opposes Judaism...
The Communist Party opposes in its own way, and Korea, Japan, and the United States are all opposing this. (Laughter) Reverend Moon has stood in such a position. I am alone. Anyway, I don't know if Reverend Moon is great or not, or if he is an ugly man or not, but this is a fact. In history, there has been no one who has played such a game as a religious leader, who endures and survives even when the world opposes him, except for Reverend Moon. He is the representative of that. (Cheers. Applause) 

Look, the other day I received a letter from a family member in the Soviet Union, and they said that there was a large broadcast about Reverend Moon in the Soviet Union. So they felt good about it. (Applause) The leaders of the communist world are trying to tightly control Reverend Moon, while the leaders of the democratic world do not think about Reverend Moon, do not try to know him, and do not understand him. The established churches and Judaism are opposing him. Isn’t that right? 

Well, we are already fighting. ‘What on earth is God trying to do? It seems like God loves Reverend Moon, but if He loves him, why doesn’t He get rid of those who oppose him? Why doesn’t He just get rid of all of them?’ Don’t you think like that? (Laughter) Isn’t that right? When Jesus was crucified, why did God remain silent? If He is the Son of God, why did He stay silent? This is all a mystery. If God were to do that, then Jesus would have no way to overcome Rome and the world. You need to understand that. Do you understand what I’m saying? “Yes.” 

If God loves Reverend Moon of the Unification Church, then why does the Unification Church suffer? Why has Reverend Moon suffered throughout his life and continues to be persecuted even at sixty? After the victory, the whole world will welcome him. There will be no one to oppose him. 

And after the victory, instead of cutting off the heads of those who opposed him, when he says that he will give blessings to Christians who opposed him, just like those who have come through opposition, if that is true, then these people, thinking about how much they have done wrong, can bring in hundreds of times more blessings for the world… The entire world can come in all at once. Look at Christian thought. ‘Oh! When the Lord comes, we Christians who believe in Jesus should be left alone, and the world should be punished!’ Those are crazy people! That is not the will of God. That is not the thought of God. It is a thought like that of a butcher, a butcher’s thought. If that is the kind of God, then that God is not needed even in heaven. We need to have the thoughts that God has. Therefore, we need to understand how close the time is. Do you understand what I’m saying? “Yes.” 

The global persecution is a heavenly operation to promote the providence of salvation. 

1977 is the time when all attacks in America will pass. Do you think so? “Yes.” Reverend Moon has done nothing wrong in coming to America. You all know that the hippies, all those who take drugs and engage in free sex, have been turned into useful people, all the young ones. 

Now, where are the ones who were not hippies? Raise your hands if you have experienced that. Most of you, right? Most of you. These people have all been made into useful individuals. ‘Wow! When I see those Moonies, they are all neat, their eyes sparkle, they are hopeful, and they have become strong people who do not tire!’ That is what the world knows. 

Did I tell you to go steal from banks, to commit murder and robbery? What did I say? I teach you to sacrifice yourselves for the world, for the will of heaven, for heaven and earth. I say to even give up your lives. Now, Reverend Moon himself… Do you know how messy and dangerous this land is? With just $170, you can be killed anytime. I am doing this with my life on the line, with my life at stake. 

Here, we are investing our mothers, our sons and daughters, our whole families. We are investing all our property. I am trying to leave a record of my life, having suffered for these people, while receiving opposition in America, being responsible for this society, this nation, and this people, and trying to leave a record of a life that has never been recorded in the world. Even if I spend money, I have spent more than on anything else in the past three years. Did you bring me money? “No.” 

Look, the U.S. State Department, the Department of Defense, the President, and Congress have all opposed me until now. Am I receiving preferential treatment in America? “Opposition.” Recently, President Carter has treated us as a terrorist group… There is currently a terrorism happening opposing Israel, claiming independence, and I am the leader of that terrorist group? Do you understand what I’m saying? “Yes.” You know well. You know well, so you are strong. You are stronger than all the wrong things. Is that right? “Yes.” Right? “Yes.” Even if you go out on the street, you are not ashamed. No matter what the world says, you are not ashamed wherever you go. 

We sell peanuts and flowers not for my mouth, not for myself, but for the country and the world. Even if the Americans who oppose you cannot see you, the land of America, the buildings of America, the sky looking over America, and the sun shining on America know me. Is that a good thing? “Yes.” So, should we be exhausted from opposition, or should we not be exhausted? “We should not be exhausted.” Should we retreat or advance? “We should advance.” 

This morning, when I asked you this, you said yes, but when you came here this morning, didn’t you think, ‘Oh, it’s cold. This is cold’? Didn’t many of you think, ‘Oh, I wish I could sleep a little longer; it takes more than three hours to come here every morning, wouldn’t it be nice to sleep for three hours’? Didn’t many of you think, ‘Oh, I want to go to Belvedere!’? “No.” Really? “Yes.” 

One good thing is… ‘Oh, because I’m listening to the teacher today, I don’t have to sell newspapers from five in the morning, so that’s good. That one thing is good.’ You will say that. (Laughter) Honestly, isn’t that true? People need to be honest. Now you understand. ‘Oh, why is it that when I go like this…? It is to give the greatest blessings in the world and to make me the greatest victor!’ You will think like this. 

So, if Reverend Moon crosses this standard globally, the world will all at once fall down and say, ‘Oh, we were wrong!’ and repent, saying, ‘Oh! If we can be forgiven, just…’ and all return at once. Do you understand? “Yes.” On the day Reverend Moon alone wins, the world must shed tears and repent. Do you understand what I’m saying? That is a heavenly operational means to promote the providence of restoration and salvation. Do you understand that? “Yes.” 

If you think about it for a moment, the Unification Church is either the worst or the best. It’s one or the other. Which one is it? “The best.” The mafia is at the top of the satanic world, the evil world, but we are at the very top of the religious world, the most hated. It’s the opposite. The world hates us. Do you understand what I’m saying? “Yes.” It’s the exact opposite, the exact opposite. It’s not in the middle. So, where are the members of the Unification Church? Can you be in the middle? “No.” 

That’s why our Unification Church first declared in 1977, ‘New York is the front line!’ and all traditional Unification Church members are here on the front line. So, they are roaming around New York, searching everywhere, even in brothels. That’s why we will break through with a headbutt. We will break through with a headbutt. Are you doing that, or not? “We are doing that.” Is that right? “Yes.” 

If we don’t do it, the fishing industry in America will collapse. 

The day before yesterday? It was just two days ago, on Sunday. We are now trying to buy a shipyard. So, we hurriedly went around all the shipyards in Alabama. We looked around at numerous shipyards. For our shipyard to win, what should it be? “Number one!” The answer is easy, but is it easy to become number one? “No.” What must we do to become number one? “We must work hard.” To become number one, a member of the Unification Church must suffer. That’s how you become number one. Isn’t that right? That’s right, isn’t it? “Yes.” That’s the formula, the formula. 

As I go around and see everything, I will create a shipyard and make you all work until your bones break. Is that welcome or unwelcome? “Welcome.” Really? “Really.” Even the women? “Welcome.” You answered clearly. The women’s group will make ships… I will make women build ships. (Cheers. Applause) It’s true. It’s true. I want that. I want it, but if you don’t want it, then forget it. What about you? “We want it.” Is it okay even if your cheeks sink in and your eyes look like this? Is it okay even if your hands get all skinned? “Yes.” Will you really do it? Even so? “Yes.” 

What day is it today? It is definitely the first day of November 1977 at 7:40 AM, I promised. (Cheers. Applause) 

Then what will the men do? They must do it at night too. They must follow along at night and do it even while dying. (Laughter) Look, if a member of the Unification Church cannot do that, then I believe that the future of the fishing industry in America will completely collapse. I already know that if I don’t intervene, there will be no way to survive. 

So there is a famous person who has lived in Alabama for 40 years, thinking they are the richest and living the best, but the other day I told them. No matter how well you build ships, no matter how much the fishing industry develops these days, if young people come all at once— but within 3 or 4 years, they will all run away. Young people go out on ships, and after a few weeks, their wives will all run away, so everyone becomes a drifter. Women will all run away. So if the Unification Church can make American women build ships and become captains, then they will say, ‘Hey, Moonie! We cannot lose to that guy who opposed us.’ They will think like that. We must make them run like this. (Laughter) ‘If we oppose that Moonie doing that, can we lose to a Moonie? No, we will also go out.’ That’s how we will survive now. 

Women must be prepared to become captains. 

I must succeed in this before I grow old and die. I can’t live for hundreds of years, so until I die, I will give this kind of stimulation and create a boom in America. Thus, whether we become a great America by pioneering the seas or not is a question here, but if we don’t do it, we will all do it. If there are many female captains, then when that time comes, those who opposed will say, ‘Oh…’ That time will surely come. (Laughter) It will surely come that we will create many female captains. 

Then, the young people who come out, those who graduated from Harvard or whatever university, we will make them all work as servants. (Laughter) Do you want that, or not? Do you want it? “Yes.” What kind of woman’s voice is that? “Yes.” Is that so? (Mimicking in a small voice. Laughter) “Yes!” That’s right! Oh, yes! You must learn to have guts. 

The best way is… When a typhoon is coming, you must push forward and command those sailors, even hitting them. Only through such training can you become a great female captain. Also, while breastfeeding a baby on the ship, when you say, ‘Hey! You man! Do this, do that,’ if they say, ‘Yes, yes,’ how good would that feel? Think about it. I have been thinking like that… (Laughter) So I took my mother, who didn’t want to go, and said, ‘You must go.’ I took her and made her work hard, didn’t I? “Yes, you did.” (Laughter) 

So we are not trying to live well for ourselves, but to make America live well and the world live well. We want to save the world, the world. Look, think about how many thousands of ships we have. Then… America has so much land left that they are paying not to farm it. They are saying to farm it! Farm it! Let’s save the world! We say, ‘I will pay for the transportation costs,’ and we will transport everything to Africa and Asia with our ships. (Cheers. Applause) 

Why do we do that? It’s not that we catch fish twelve months a year; there is a time for fishing. There is a season. In between, we do this kind of work. When that happens, when we sail with food for the starving people of that country, how will the captain feel? Imagine the smallest woman in America wearing a captain’s hat, sailing smoothly… (Demonstrating. Laughter) People need to have dreams, dreams. Reverend Moon is a person who has many dreams. (Laughter) Instead, he is putting them into practice, doing what no one else can do. 

Now, everyone, do you want to become captains? “Yes.” So when your husbands become first mates and say, ‘Honey!’ how good would that feel? Think about it. (Laughter) That is possible. That is possible. When working, if you lack skill, even men cannot do it. Men, do you want to hear or not? “We want to hear.” (Laughter) You cannot do it. Even if it happens, you cannot do it. But it should not be like that. It must not be like that. Therefore, until you get married, women are first, but after marriage, you must not lose to women. You must understand that. That is necessary. (Laughter. Applause) Talking about this will keep taking time, so we must stop. (Laughing. Applause) 

The day we move America, we can move the world. 

So why is this happening? Why? Reverend Moon could live comfortably, not making a fuss, just living well, right? He could buy a nice house and live as he pleases, so why is there such a commotion? It is because victory is still ahead. 

Then what happens? A global revival will unfold. Do you understand? “Yes.” This is how it happens. (Writing on the board while speaking) This started with Reverend Moon alone, but it keeps expanding. So here, all 127 countries are opposing. Reverend Moon is doing this work from America. That’s why this keeps expanding. When this happens, all the countries will turn around. When this movement happens, the countries will turn around. Do you understand? 

So keep moving. When all of your America welcomes Reverend Moon, the world can completely unite. Why? Because in America, all the Abels from various countries come to live, the Abels. That’s how it is. Why? Because everyone who came to America came for faith. They came for the freedom of faith; that is the founding ideology. 

Now, if this is the case, then the next step is that you, the completely restored Abel lineage…
We need to save our own kind, our older brothers. That is the concept of salvation, the idea of restoration. The American people are prepared to go anywhere, even to communist countries like the Soviet Union, Czechoslovakia, Yugoslavia, anywhere. There is no other country like America. It is the only one in the world. Who made it that way? It was not made by Americans, nor by the American nation; it was made by God, by God.

So, when America moves, it can move the world. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." We need to influence America. So, you said you would move, right? "Yes." Is that thought constantly in your mind? "Yes." Is that really true? "Yes."

And centered around Reverend Moon, you should say, 'I will become one with Reverend Moon. I will follow Reverend Moon's words. Reverend Moon is good!' Do you really like Reverend Moon? "Yes." Do you like him more than your own parents? "Yes." So, do I get criticized for that? Yes, do you like the members of the Unification Church more than your own siblings? "Yes." Are white men and women better than your white siblings? "Yes." Is that really true? "Yes." I can't understand that because I haven't been a white person. If that's the case, are you better than me? (Laughter) Is that really true? "Yes." Why? Why is that? "Because we are true brothers and sisters." Because you love God more than your brothers and your mother. You should answer like that. Why do you love Reverend Moon more than your parents? Because Reverend Moon loves you more than your parents do.

We are beings worthy of receiving God's love, more valuable than anyone else. What country does Reverend Moon have? There are imaginary countries, conceptual countries, and worlds, but he has no country, no world, nothing at all. So why do you want to follow Reverend Moon, and why do you want to love Reverend Moon? Why do you want to follow that ideology? The American people can boast that they are the best citizens in the world, but what can you gain by following Reverend Moon? You will only face opposition. There is nothing. Nothing at all.

Why is that? Because God loves Reverend Moon's imaginary country and imaginary world more than the current America, more than the current world, more than anything else. Do you understand? "Yes." Even if the country opposes and the world opposes, we are people from another country, people with another world, people with another love. This is not just a fantasy; it is being realized, being realized. Therefore, we are people who can possess two worlds and have the capacity to receive more than double God's love.

That is why even in the spirit world, we can be higher than any saints or sages. Because we have received the love of God from both worlds, even the greatest saints of the past, including Jesus, can stand on our side. Because we are in a position to receive God's love that deals with both the spirit world and the physical world, we must recognize that we are the most valuable beings.

Parents hope their children will be better than themselves. Would Reverend Moon, who stands in the position of heavenly parents, wish for you to be worse than your parents? Would he do that? "Yes." Raise your hand if you would do that. Now put your hands down. Thank you. In return, you must suffer more than I do, more than I do. "Yes." Are you willing to accept that? "Yes." Then is that for Reverend Moon, for God, or for the world? "For God and the world."

I may be gone in 20 or 30 years, but God and the world must be left on this earth. Isn't that right? Do you have any objections? "No." (The recording briefly cuts out) You must receive more of God's love and more of humanity's love than I do. That is God's love. Do you understand? We know this. Only God's love becomes the source of all life. By sacrificing everything for God's love and God's authority, although individuals and their love fell, when we do that for God's love and God's authority, this group will move forward all at once. Do you understand? "Yes."

When that day comes, by fighting and winning in this moment, we can inherit all of history. (Writing on the board as he speaks) Even if there are many ranks, from the victorious individual to family, tribe, nation, and world, we can inherit everything that I have built. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

We must transcend many ranks and go up in reverse, but how does that happen? It happens in opposition, in opposition. By going up in reverse like this, we can go flat. Reverend Moon is standing here. And you must go up in reverse from here. By becoming one, it becomes like this. Do you understand? "Yes."

That is why even if you find it difficult, you can think like this. Ah! Reverend Moon has suffered more than us and worked harder than us, so now like this... So, 'Oh, Reverend Moon is the best, more than our parents, more than our siblings, more than our country's president, more than anyone in the world. Oh, I want to see him, I want to get closer to him.' When you look at Reverend Moon centered around you, because he has worked hard, you think you must follow him as well. It is the same.

If white people are arrogant, they will be persecuted and will become the owners of America. Look. For example, the Japanese members came here following Reverend Moon. They left their own parents, siblings, and husbands to come to America following Reverend Moon. So, from the perspective of the spirit world, when comparing the spirits of the ancestors of Western people, who are Americans, with the Japanese people and their unity with Reverend Moon, would they want to lose? Would they want to lose? So, when you think, 'Oh, the Unification Church is too hard, I should quit,' their ancestors or Reverend Moon will definitely appear in your dreams and teach you. Raise your hand if you've had such experiences. There are definitely such things.

Do you know why? Because all the Christian believers who served God well have become ancestors. A country like Japan, which has been an enemy of God until now, has all those ancestors mobilized to cooperate. The world does not know this. All Unification Church members know that this battle is currently taking place. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Not knowing this, the State Department is trying to drive Reverend Moon out, but let them try to drive him out. The activities of your ancestors will be strengthened dozens of times from that point on.

When you cannot do it, your ancestors will mobilize black people to do it. Why? Because black people have become citizens of America, to ensure that blessings are not taken away, they will oppose the government even through black people. If I just coach, problems arise immediately, immediately. Look. The people who support the Unification Church are minorities, Spanish descent, and people of color, right? Isn't that so? "Yes."

Through these people, who are behind the white race that opposed us in the spirit world, we are holding onto them and doing this work. Look. The American people must know that such terrible things will happen in the future. Reverend Moon is not the only problem. I must be here to adjust this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

In the future, many Asian people will be brought here to be grafted in. Who will resolve the conflict between whites and blacks if not the yellow race? Who will do it? If a black person does it, will you follow the black person? If a white person does it, will the black person follow the white person? If a white person does it, the black person will not follow. God knows very well that it will not work out. That is why Reverend Moon has come here. I came because I know that God is concerned about the future of America. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Because of this, even the Japanese people, who follow Reverend Moon because they like him, unconsciously followed him from the spirit world.

Look. If white people remain arrogant, they will lose everything to black people. Nowadays, the sports world is completely dominated by black people. Isn't that right? If you look at American football, there are many black players, and in basketball, there are many black players. You must understand that black people dominate all sports. If we inject the Unification Church ideology into this, in the spiritual aspect, they will surpass whites, and they will study harder than anyone else. If we just provoke them to take revenge on all the historical grievances they suffered from whites, they will study all night long. Look. The oppressed will dominate the oppressors. It will be turned upside down. History turns like that.

Once the oppressed acquire a higher ideological standard than that of the ruling era, they will inevitably come to dominate those who once dominated them. Do you understand? You must know that the oppressed will become the second owners, the second owners! Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Why is that? Because of this principle, the oppressed can become the owners. This is an unavoidable principle within the realm of fall.

When we look at history like this, when we say that God's providence restores through these principles, the religious issue is completely... Why has God been an incompetent God until now? Because of the communist faction, that is why.

So now, the global hell, the global earthly hell, is New York. Do you know that? It has become New York. Isn't that so? "Yes." A few days ago, when there was a blackout, it became hell for a day, right? Do you know that? That is why the Unification Church is here, here. We must digest and influence it. Are you being influenced by the failing New York, or are you influencing it? What is it? "We influence it." Are you sure? "Yes."

Now that New York is not opposing, I go to them and tell them to oppose. I go once, go twice, go three times, and after going more than three times, they will all see it differently. We do not say anything, but at first, they might go 'ugh,' but by the second or third time, they will change. They will say, 'We were too much.' They will reflect on what they have done. When they reflect beyond that, they will turn back. Heaven has such strategies. Because I know that strategy, Reverend Moon does not get tired. He does not get tired.

When I say we will hold the Moscow Conference, it is not a lie. You, the members and friends, must know that you are risking your lives to prepare for that conference. Do you understand what I mean? But is it hard here in New York? "No." Can that be? It cannot be. You may not know it, but looking at the reports coming to Reverend Moon from satellite nations, you must not be like this. Do you understand what I mean? Think about that. So what do we want to do? We want to renew everything at once, renew. By doing this, we want to turn everything upside down at once.
Well, because of this, I believe that the time when the realization of a paradise on earth is possible is approaching. That is why, without such events, you have no idea how much… For tens of thousands of years, we have been repeating the history of restoration. So, how far do we have to go? It’s not just to the standard of this nation, but to the standard of one person, and everyone has fallen from that. (Speaking while writing on the board) You have fallen from this standard, and everyone has fallen.

You yourselves, the world and the universe revolve around us. That’s why your ancestors are above, and your descendants will be like this, and at this line, your ancestors and descendants can return. Such an amazing history is happening right now. You do not realize how tremendous a position you are standing in. You are the axis. Centered on you, if you make a mistake, you will receive a curse greater than what Adam and Eve received due to their fall, and you must understand how much you will be mocked by your ancestors. The fall of Adam and Eve is not the issue. You are standing in such a terrifying position.

Let’s go out with the resurrection ideology.
Now, whether you are reborn as a baby or not, your mother is giving strength, your teacher is giving strength, and God is giving strength, but you must also give strength from now on. That’s how it will come out. This is the time for that. Do you understand? “Yes.” Your head must come out, your head. There is only one head. I have no choice but to be reborn. I must be reborn.

It depends on you, your ancestors are riding on your back, and your descendants are attached below, going together at once. Because you understand such an enormous issue…

By my birth, the angelic world is created, and the earthly world is created. That is the foundation. The ancestors in the spirit world are united, and the descendants are united, and that foundation is me. In this view, the ancestors represent the spirit world and the angelic world, and the future descendants represent the earthly world. Do you understand what I mean? That is the position of Adam, the position of Adam. Therefore, “You will be governed by my love, and by receiving my love, you will live!” You must bless them. Can you do that? “Yes.”

You must resurrect as a son who can receive God’s love. You must resurrect as a son who receives love. Are you sons of God? “Yes.” Really? “Yes.” Can you be less than Jesus, or must you be more than Jesus? “We must be more.” Jesus stood in the position of a parent. You must understand that Jesus’ wish is for his children to be more excellent than himself. If Jesus could not love the nation of Israel, you should be able to love your nation, and if he could not love Rome, you should be able to love Rome, and if he could not love the world, you should be able to love the world, and if he could not love the spirit world, you should love the spirit world, and if he could not love God, you should love God.

When I say such things, the established church says, “Ah, the Unification Church’s Reverend Moon is a heretic.” Is that heresy? “No.” Would God say, “Hey! You cursed child!” if I say I will work more than God and do greater things than God? “No.” From God’s perspective, would He be pleased or roll His eyes? What would He do? “He would be pleased.” That’s right.

Since this time has come, let’s turn everything upside down. Free everyone, including God, free Jesus, free the spirit world, free the earth, and free the world, with my strength! Jesus sweated and died, but I will sweat more and work harder than Jesus! I will do more than Jesus! That is the teacher’s ideology. What is that ideology? It is the resurrection ideology.

You must overcome the position of suffering to completely occupy God’s heart.
Can you complain with your mouth? “No.” Just like what is in the womb, you must grow by eating what your mother provides. You must not perish while eating; you must grow. Growing is the purpose. You must grow even when the wind blows. You must grow even when you are sick. Just because you sleep at night, you cannot stop growing, can you? “Yes.” Regardless of what your mother does or where she goes, you must grow. You must develop, develop. 

So, God holds you and says, “Hey, you’ve grown bigger than me, so hurry up and go out!” That’s how you are resurrected. Do you understand?

“Teacher, your tie pin has come out.” Yes, this tie pin came out before you did. (Laughter)
So, when the Unification Church says it will receive the teacher’s love, it means “Go out!” It means you should grow and live on your own. It means you should become someone who can confidently live on your own. “Earn money and pay taxes. The country will prosper if you pay a lot of taxes. Pay taxes.” When that happens, you should say “Yes.”

Thus, in a world where the whole world does not know, you can make the whole world your territory. Just like Columbus claimed America as “my land” when he discovered it, the world is now in that state. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” What will you do? Will you try to embrace more than God, or will you say, “Oh, I want to follow you”? Which one is it? If you say you will embrace more than God, then God can take a nap and rest. Isn’t that so? Think about it. Isn’t it so? “Yes.” That is why God is looking for such men and women.

What about the Unification Church’s Reverend Moon? Would I look for men or women smaller than me? Then the Unification Church should perish. I mentioned Alabama earlier, but when I went to that Alabama waterfront where no one goes, I was so hungry that I had to go to a hamburger place for lunch, and a black woman came in, and it turned out she was a member of our Unification Church. I cannot express how happy I was. (Laughter)

You must devote yourselves for God. Then, who will you meet without even dreaming…? If you meet someone while walking, would you say, “Hey, hey, are you a person at the bottom? Don’t come near me, don’t come near me”? God will reach out with a greater hand of love and say, “You are my beloved son, you will live for a greater purpose than me, and you have lived with such love.” God can testify and bless him. Have you thought about how blessed that position is?

What position do you want to be in to become this new “me”? In a comfortable position? In a happy position? “In a position of suffering.” That’s right. The position that can completely occupy God’s heart is the position of suffering.

You must overcome the resurrection rights of the nation and the world to go to heaven.
Now, when you go to the spirit world, (drawing a picture while speaking) if there is this line of fall, centered on this line, everything you have done in your life will be revealed. The graph will look like this. It goes up and down. What do you think will happen to you? Will you cross the line of fall and go up beyond this? “I will go up.” Is this easy? It’s not about going like this; it must be completely like this at all times. That is why it is like the ticking of a clock. You say you like the sound of a clock, right? When it ticks, it is drawn. The ticking sound goes up and down, and that is drawn. That is certain.

Now you understand what the resurrection rights I am talking about are, right? Do you understand how resurrection rights work? We cannot go to heaven by resurrecting as individuals alone. We must overcome the resurrection rights of the nation and the world. That is why it is true that Jesus could not go to heaven. Therefore, this work must be done before dying. That is why I am busy now. Today, after this meeting, I will go somewhere else. The same goes for me. I am drawing this graph. Do you understand about resurrection rights? You must become the new “me” in the resurrection rights. You must discover the new “me” born in the heavenly resurrection rights. When that happens, God will be mine, the world will be mine, and God’s love will be mine.

Now, do you want to step into that position? “Yes.” While we are on this earth, if we do not sacrifice anything to do that, it will be a big problem. You must realize how precious this time is when you have entered the Unification Church and are being persecuted. You must realize how precious it is.

As soon as the mother’s labor pains come, if I just give strength, those labor pains will push me, so even if it is hard for me, I will be born immediately. Now, do you want to die, or do you want to come out in an instant? Which one will you choose? “I want to come out in an instant.” Then you must give strength, give strength. That’s how you won’t die.

Know that God and the world are more miserable than you.
When you come to New York, there are all the Empire State Buildings, but what are you trying to find? Look. Yesterday, I… I have no money in my wallet. I thought I needed to buy more than 200 acres of land and the best buildings. And I think I have as much money as I want, and as many people as I want. Do you think the same? “Yes.” I came to America alone and laid this foundation from nothing, so if you lay a foundation greater than mine from nothing… Is that a good feeling? “Yes.” Is it just a feeling, or can you actually do it? “I can do it.”

So, I can leave all the work of taking the boat to the women, and I can leave it to the men too, right? “Yes.” Whether I make them captains or crew members, I can accomplish everything without losing to anyone, right? “Yes.” When I came here to America, I spent nights making nets and spent nights fishing, going out at three in the morning and coming back at night. Did you think you could do more than that? “Yes.” You must do it.

It’s not for me; it’s for your nation, for humanity, and for God. I am not so miserable that I need to owe you anything! You must understand that God and the world are more miserable than you. I am not a coward who needs to owe you anything. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” With these hands and this body, I will now advance toward the victory of the resurrection rights that can save the world! Will you do it or not? “I will do it.” Raise your hands if you will. Thank you. May God’s blessings be upon you! (Applause)

Our Reunion
What should I say to connect with the word “reunion”? It is a meeting, coming together. 
Even a drop of water has a historical story woven into it.
When we look at a large lake or river, we realize that it did not come into being all at once. Many droplets of water have gathered to form it. It must have flowed from some mountain valley, from the top of a mountain, and from the plains and trees. It has started from various places and is flowing together to one place, or it is gathered in one place.

That water has come from vapor. When we think about that, if we pursue it a bit higher, we wonder where that vapor started, how it became clouds, and how it turned into rain to relate to this place.

In this way, we cannot help but acknowledge that even a drop of water has a deep historical story woven into it. How many stories must there be for it to become a river or a lake? When we look at a lake and say, “Ah! What a nice lake,” and when we look at a river and say, “Ah! What a nice river,” it is not that simple. If that water could think, feel, and speak like a person, how would it feel when it meets us humans? If all that complex history is deep, wouldn’t everything that interacts with us also be felt with deep stories?

In this view, if we were to boast, if we have something to boast about, they would also have much to boast about. How much does that water have to boast about? If there is someone who looks at such a lake, what would have more good things to boast about, the water that can boast about people or the humans who admire that water and lake? Which one do you think has more good things to boast about? 
“The lake.” (Laughter) It’s various. You cannot decide that. Some might say “man,” some might say “lake,” and some might say “river.” Which is it? In this view, there is also an amazing great history there.

Do you think that the water in Belvedere has become vapor and gone to Korea? “Yes.” “No.” (Laughter) Look at this. Some say yes, some say no, and it’s various. It could have gone. Over the hundreds of millions of years that have flowed, the vapor must have become clouds and gone somewhere. When you think about it, it cannot be denied that it has come not only to Korea but also to the water I drink at home. It could be the water I drank. No one can deny that.

Now, the water that became vapor here in Belvedere and turned into water, I have drunk it in New York and other places, and that water is in my body, and it might say, “I came here, but I might not know, and I am speaking.” (Laughter) Just thinking about that water itself is shocking and exciting, isn’t it? (Laughter) It could be like that. In this way, how interesting and wonderful this world is! How amazing and wonderful would it be to be in such a position?

Then, what are the characteristics of such water? The characteristics of water show that it has a blue color. When you look at this water, it is diverse. There is dirty water, and all kinds of water are gathered, but the longer it flows, the greener it becomes. It becomes one color. Isn’t that so? “Yes.”

To play a leading role, you must overcome complex and difficult processes.
So, when we compare that water to humans, what about humans? Did you think you would meet the teacher? “No.” Who would have thought that a person named Reverend Moon would appear in America and become a controversial figure? “No.” No one knew.

Also, look here. Black, white, and yellow people have gathered together, all colorful, and what are they doing here on this cold cement floor in the morning? Is it good? “Yes.” Is it good even if your butt gets cold and hurts? (Laughter) If you go to a bigger church than this, there are chairs where you can sit comfortably and listen to the sermon, but what is this? (Laughter)

So, water has a path to follow, a path. It flows according to where it wants to flow, whether deep or shallow, whether liked or disliked. The water boasts among itself, saying, “Hey, where have you been passing by?”
is necessary. The eye knows that air is essential for its function. It recognizes that without air, it cannot survive. 

Thus, the eye has evolved to adapt to its environment, ensuring it can see and function properly. It has developed mechanisms to protect itself, such as eyelashes and tear ducts, which serve to keep the eye moist and free of debris. 

Now, if we consider the complexity of the eye, we can see that it is not just a simple organ. It is a highly sophisticated structure that has evolved over time to fulfill its purpose. The eye is a testament to the intricate design of nature, showcasing how various elements come together to create something functional and beautiful. 

In this way, we can draw parallels between the eye and the concept of existence itself. Just as the eye requires various components to function, so too does the universe require a balance of forces and elements to exist harmoniously. 

This leads us to ponder the existence of a higher power or creator. If the eye, with all its complexity, exists, then what about the universe as a whole? Is it not reasonable to conclude that there is a greater intelligence at work, orchestrating the intricate dance of existence? 

In conclusion, the eye serves as a microcosm of the universe, reminding us of the beauty and complexity of life. It invites us to explore the deeper questions of existence and to seek understanding of the forces that shape our reality.
I realized that there is something. The fourth point is that I realized there is dust. I know everything.

But did the eye itself know that? "No." Then did the eye come into being and know it, or did it know it while coming into being, or did it know it before coming into being? When did it know? Answer me. What is it? How do all these conceptual theories work? Did it know before the eye started, while it was starting, or after it started? Which is it? "Before." Answer well. What? "Before." Is that really so? "Yes."

The problem in the world today is whether existence comes first or thought comes first. Thus, it has split into two worlds, two worlds. The democratic world says, "This (thought) comes first! Therefore, God exists." The communist world says, "This (existence) comes first! Therefore, God does not exist. It is material!" (While writing on the board)

When looking at this principle, this is a lie. (Pointing to what was written on the board) Is there any objection to that? Raise your hand if you have an objection; I will ask. (Laughter) Therefore, this needs to be clarified. That is why, when theoretically pursuing everything, there is a central thought that has an ideal personality, regardless of what form it takes, whether it resembles a person or not. Whether it is God, a stone, or dirt, that is not the issue. 

Whether looking at the nose, the ear, or the hand, it is all the same. This is a theoretical prototype. Even if an ENT doctor studies the ear, there are still many things that are not known, and there are millions of ophthalmologists, but there are still many things that are not known. We must recognize how mysterious this kingdom is. Even if there are hundreds of thousands or millions, there are still many things that are not known.

So can we say, "The ophthalmologist has nothing left to study. It is a blank slate. Stop it"? "No." Then how many stages do you think we have reached until we know everything about the eye? Have we just entered the beginning, or have we reached the end? "We are at the beginning." (Laughter) These kids, how can such scientists say there is no God? Just stop it!

Therefore, if such a subject exists, it is the cause, and we are the result in front of that cause. The result accompanies the cause. It is a reunion. Thus, in our conscience, there is a force that acts to become one with that cause. There is an invisible force. Because that exists, it cannot be denied.

Think about it. What if the nose was attached upside down? (Laughter) How great would it be if the eyes were here? You could see high up, you could see anywhere; how wonderful would that be? How convenient would that be? (Pointing to his head with his hand. Laughter) No matter how much you think about it, it cannot be better than this. No matter how much you think about it, a person cannot be more splendid than this.

When a woman's breast develops, does it know that it will "give birth to a child in the future"? And why does a woman look like that? Did she know that her husband needs her and developed like that, or did she not know? Did she see the baby at that time? It develops into the food for the son while being in the mother itself; did the breast itself know that it would develop like that? Did it not know? Did it know that milk would become the food for the child and elevate to a higher stage, or did it not know? You must understand that I was born knowing the future image of development before I developed. Isn't that right? "Yes."

Therefore, when you look in the mirror, you should think, "Wow! How deeply God's craftsmanship and thought are engraved in my face! More precious than gold, more precious than diamonds, more precious than jewels! Oh, how wonderful! Oh, how beautiful!" This is how it should be. Can you buy that? Can you buy a bachelor's or doctoral degree from Harvard? So you should say, "Oh, how beautiful! Oh, how beautiful!" There are people who look at their faces and happily say, "Oh, how nice," and there are people who complain, "Why is this like this?" Which one do you think God would find pleasing? Think about it. (Laughter)

Think about it, everyone. If the mouth looked like this when laughing, how ugly would that be? (Imitating. Laughter) Black people are really attractive. "What is that charm?" When they laugh, their white teeth stand out against their black faces, and their tongues are bright red; it is very attractive. They have a charm that white and yellow people cannot have. (Laughter) That means that yellow and white people cannot compete with that. (Laughs) If you think like that... Can you buy that with money? You cannot buy it even by giving the whole earth.

Now, is my face real or fake? "It is real." I have the real treasure of this universe. There is no one like me in this universe. There is nothing like this to see. (Imitating. Laughter) Do you understand now? "Yes." Even if I snore while sleeping and it is not pleasant to see, that is also charming. That is real. In that sense, what is this? It is the museum of God's creation secrets. Have you thought about that? "I am a museum beyond creation. Look at me." Is that how it is? If there are people who think like that and people who do not, which person is happier?

If we say it is God's museum, it should be so full and clear that even when looking at it, you want to see more. "Oh, it came from material." How frustrating is that? I do not know what it is like to be a communist, but how frustrating must it be for people living in a communist society? They go underground, they dig tunnels. God's work is about rising up. That is why it must be revealed.

The role of uniting whites and blacks must be done by the yellow race. 

In the democratic world, even if Carter comes, there are no secrets. But the communist world has many secrets. The democratic world is too open, which is a concern, and the communist world is too closed, which is also a concern. (Laughter) Openness refers to horizontal communication, to what is right. Concealment refers to curves, to negativity. You must understand that. Time has passed a lot. While talking about this, today’s title and whatnot... As I have been talking about side issues...

When looking at it this way, what is the meeting between the teacher and you? When comparing a meeting between whites, a meeting between whites and blacks, and a meeting between whites and yellows, up until now, whites and blacks have met, but Reverend Moon, as a yellow race, has come in; was that a good thing or a bad thing? Especially since blacks and whites are fighting. It is not getting better; it is getting more intense. This means that whites cannot reconcile with blacks, and blacks cannot reconcile with whites. However, the yellow race can come in and mediate.

So what must be done? Whether the white seeks the black or the black seeks the white, a middle mediator is needed. It must go through a middle color. Recently, many Asians have immigrated to America; this is all a heavenly operation. What is that for? Is it to fight with whites? Is it to fight with blacks? "No." The coming of the yellow race is to harmonize. Do you think that is the case? "Yes."

This is the same. Let’s say there are a white person, a black person, and a yellow person. Come out. (Calling a white and a black person from the audience) Here they are, and there is a yellow person. (Applause. Laughter) Now, when all three want to have friends, when asked what kind of friend the white person wants and what kind of friend the black person wants, the white person says, "Not a black person, but a yellow person." And the black person says, "Not a white person, but a yellow person." They are closer. Is that true or not? "That is true."

When the Asian appears here, both the white and the black are closer to the Asian; that is undeniable. So how will God bind us together, what is the operation to unite us, and what fundamentally is the method to unite us? When thinking about that, rather than marrying whites and blacks, it is best to set up the yellow race and have the yellow marry the black and the yellow marry the white. That is the fastest way.

Thus, when we see the members of the Unification Church in America, when asked, "Who do you want to marry?" many say, "I want to marry an Asian," rather than saying they want to marry a white or black person. (Laughter) That has become a practical reality in the Unification Church.

However, whites say, "Reverend Moon is the enemy of humanity. He is the enemy of whites," and they make a fuss, while blacks say, "Oh, Reverend Moon is the enemy of blacks," and they make a fuss. (Laughter) That is true. Americans may think like that, but what about the people of the world? What do you think? Do you think they will support what whites claim, or do you think they will support what Reverend Moon claims? If there are people opposing Reverend Moon, they will be branded in history, saying, "The enemy of forming the ideal race of humanity was some white person." When that time comes, when they say, "Hey, you whites go live together," they will be fighting for their lives, saying, "No, I don’t want to." That time may come. If they are told to live among whites, they will run away saying they don’t want to. (Laughter) That could happen. What would God like? Would God like what Reverend Moon is doing? Would He like what whites and blacks desire today? "What the teacher does..." That is for sure.

Now I, Reverend Moon, have taken on the most difficult responsibility. How do I create this? If whites and blacks have the theory and thought to rejoice and marry each other, the world can be united. It can automatically be united. Do you think that is possible? "Yes."

Everyone, if a beautiful white couple says, "We are happy," it may look good to white people. However, among many pairs of whites, blacks, and yellows, if there is one pair of a white and a black, that is not a shame; all the secrets of family life are gathered there. Therefore, which family's words do people want to hear? "The pair of whites and blacks..." The world may look bad now, but how splendidly do they live? However, if viewed positively, what will happen?

"Now, I’m tired of dancing, so let’s sit down and listen to our life stories." When that happens, would you want to hear the stories of two whites living together, two blacks living together, or two yellows living together? Which one would you want to hear? Which would be more exciting? "The family that has an international marriage." Do you also want to experience that? "Yes."

As mentioned earlier, if the steam from Belvedere has gone through many twists and turns to meet, that is the best. That is the most ideal. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Have you thought about that? Mr. Park and Reverend Moon, just the fact that two Koreans met... Think about that. How many complicated conditions did they go through to meet and stand together like this... (Laughter) The more complicated and difficult the ancestors' paths are, the more complex the content, the more difficult it is, the greater this reunion is. It is a historic meeting. How amazing is that!

Park Bo-hee also used to go through a small river, and while going through a small tributary, when he meets Reverend Moon, he meets a big river like the Mississippi, or a river like the Amazon, and says, "Wow..." (Laughter. Applause)

When talking about the Mississippi River in America, people say, "Oh, the Mississippi is the best. It is the longest river anywhere." As they go along, they get caught in the endless Atlantic Ocean and think, "Oh!" When comparing, it is the same. It is naturally smaller.

When the Unification Church thought and the American thought combine, will it be all Unification Church thought, or will it be all American thought? At that time, you will say, "Oh, I don’t like America. I like Reverend Moon. Let’s go wherever." The reason I travel around the country is that I have not seen a whale, so I want to see a whale; I have not seen a shark, so I want to see a shark; I have not seen fish living in the ocean, so I travel to see them, with that kind of mindset. Before, I had not even seen a minnow... Right, I had not seen a minnow. (Laughter) So, what is exciting?

That is why I tell the members of the Unification Church, "You guys!" I tell them to go back to America, to become Americans. "Why? Did your mom and dad make you curse Reverend Moon?" Even if I chase them away, they come back. (Laughter. Applause) Why is that? When they come here, who feeds them and plays with them? They work hard, so why are they doing this? Yet, they are excited, stimulated, and feel very good. Is that right? "Yes." So you are crazy kids. (Applause. Cheers)

Think about our connections. Here, we are not only connected with our people. There are countless spirits, the angelic world, and even God... How many twists and turns are there between God and the archangels? There are many twists and turns, and it is also attached. It is all connected. In terms of shape, something larger than the earth, this world, and the universe is attached. It is too big. It is so big that when it touches, it causes chaos, saying, "It comes, there is an accident." It pushes along. (Laughter) It is dangerous; it is dangerous.

When asking someone who has been in the Unification Church for a month, "Do you envy President Jimmy Carter?" they say, "No!" When asked, "Would it be good to be his daughter?" they say, "Ew, no." When asked, "Would you rather be a nobody who suffers, or would you rather be Jimmy Carter's daughter, who is loved and can be proud?" they say, "I would rather be a nobody." (Laughter) If you like that, go ahead; I want to be Jimmy Carter's daughter. (Laughter) That is too narrow. When comparing what American senators think and what Jimmy Carter thinks, looking at our people, we are too Mississippi-like. When looking at that, lately, what the State Department says about us, what the mass media says about us, is too narrow. Reverend Moon thinks little of that. Go ahead and try.

The reality of America facing danger

That is why I am not worried. Even if I go to prison, I have no shame before heaven and earth. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Look closely. In Korea, they said they would support Reverend Moon, but eventually said, "Ah! Reverend Moon is too big. I cannot support him." In Japan, they said they would support Reverend Moon, but then said, "Oh, he is too big! I cannot support him." In America, they are supporting him, but they thought, "If I support him, he will fall, but he keeps getting bigger! Oh, I thought he would shrink if I supported him, but he got bigger! Oh, I cannot support him." (Applause)

Look. Our Unification Church is different from social organizations. Social organizations all collapse under legal sanctions, but religious organizations historically have explosive revivals due to legal sanctions. Do you understand? Is that so? "Yes." The more they persecute me, the more their eyes pop out. Their muscles become hardened. You must understand that.

These days, they say, "Reverend Moon is too political." The State Department thinks they must drive Reverend Moon out, and they are trying to do so with the condition that he is political, and they are making a fuss to persecute him. What is political? Nixon's support is political.
This is it. Reverend Moon met Nixon at the White House—this is probably the first time in history. What did he do? He said, "Let's pray first without saying anything." (Laughter) You need to understand that. Is that political? "No." Ask Nixon what he did first. What I said was, "If you resign, America will collapse. The Vietnam War, the situation in Asia, everything will become critical." That was it. If Nixon had been there, would America have shown itself packing up and running away in disgrace?

Now look. In just a few years, people will say, "Ah! If Nixon had been there as Reverend Moon said, it wouldn't have turned out like this." That's what will happen. By driving Nixon out of the presidency, they kicked him out like a worn-out shoe, creating a favorable environment for the communists to operate. Do you know how rampant communist activities have become since Nixon was brought down?

Speaking of people, the CIA, which is like the nervous system, has been completely exposed, and now the CIA director has been sentenced to probation. That's the kind of chaos we are witnessing. It's a good thing. Therefore, we must be stronger than before. We need to be stronger. While the KGB (Soviet State Security Committee) is getting stronger, is America dismantling everything? This is a sign of impending doom. We need to be more powerful.

Look. The CIA currently has no money and is running fundraising campaigns in newspapers, listing the names of donors. This creates a rift between the government and the private sector. Now, the State Department and the Defense Department are clashing fiercely, leading to a prelude to assassination. I foresee a bloody game unfolding. It's astonishing. A day of fierce clashes will come. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Such risks are now imminent. If things go wrong, an assassination war will break out. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes."

The Unification Church, risking opposition, aims to save America. As a Korean person, I came to America, and whether the president changes or not, if America is to collapse, then so be it... Right now, America is an enemy to Korea. America is abandoning Korea and trying to destroy it in the Far East, so what interest do I have in American policy or America? If there is no God, it has nothing to do with me. Rather, I would be inciting opposition against Americans, inciting against the American embassy. If there were no God, I might have even set fire to the American embassy. You need to understand that. Do you understand what I'm saying? Everything that is not like that is because of God.

Who would come to America, the number one country in the world, and say, "If you don't listen to me, you will perish," and "You young people are all dying, but I will be your doctor and heal you, so trust me"? If I did that, what would I gain? With my eyes narrowed, I would say, "For 400 years, we've been living well, so what are these yellow races?" When it comes to Korea, they think of it as a pile of dung. (Laughter)

Billy Graham doesn't say that America will collapse. Norman Vincent Peale doesn't say that America will collapse. They just speak sweetly and nicely. Is Reverend Moon not aware of that? It's obvious that he would face even more opposition as a foreigner, so why does he do it? If there is no God, it wouldn't be like that. Even if told to do so, it wouldn't happen. (Applause) When you applaud and say "Wow!" the white people think, "Oh, he's brainwashed." (Laughter) "It's been over two hours, and he doesn't even realize his butt hurts, and he's doing this while time passes; he must be crazy! Oh, he's lost his mind." They will think that. (Laughter) They don't know us.

Shall we stop now? "No." I know what you want, so I will continue for a while longer. Did America meet Reverend Moon well or not? "They met him well." But do they fight against Reverend Moon or not? "They fight." Am I trying to hit America, or am I trying to save America? "To save it..." Is America opposing Reverend Moon to destroy him, or to save him? "To destroy him..." Then what is good, and what is evil? Is wanting to save someone evil, or is wanting to destroy someone evil? "It's wanting to destroy."

When God sees this, will He say Reverend Moon did well or not? "He will say he did well." Because you are not foolish but smart, you are sitting here knowing the difference between good and bad. When you quietly observe and compare, you realize it doesn't even compare. (Imitating) Right? "Yes." You judged that based on Reverend Moon's pride, and you felt pressured to think, "This guy must do it this way," did you do that by your own will? "By my own will." You saw it with your eyes, heard it with your ears, thought it with your mind, and spoke it with your mouth, and that's how it happened. So, am I the subject, or are you the subject? Who is it? In deciding that, who is the subject? "I am." Is that really true? "Yes." Is it really true? "Yes." Even if your head is cut off, is it really true? "Yes!"

Then America is losing. America is losing. Do you know that? "Yes." (Applause) It has already been decided. So even if you are dying, you will say you didn't decide, and even when you are about to die, you will say, "No." You will die saying, "No. I am dignified." This is what it means. There is nothing stronger than this justice. No matter what power the American government has, what laws it has, or what strength the American president has, you must understand that there is no power stronger than this. That is the great power of the Unification Church. You need to understand that this is the greatness of the Unification Church.

We are paving the highway that the world can walk on to heaven. We think like this. As I go, my historical ancestors will follow, my race and nation of this era will follow, humanity will follow, and not only my descendants but God will follow, and even the heavenly armies will follow. Think of it as me being that responsible person.

Now, when I go out for fundraising, it is not to make money; it is to pave a great highway that can lead to heaven by entering that filthy hellhole, paving that highway in every household. This highway to heaven will be created through me, and this society will find its way through me, and this nation will find its way through me.

Then, since it is a good road that God can walk on happily, He will walk on it saying, "I feel good." The heavenly armies will also walk on this road to come to the human world. Look. God will quietly listen from His throne and say, "What is the most tumultuous time in the historical era? Ah, it is during Reverend Moon's time! Why is the world so noisy and chaotic?" It will be even more than during Jesus' time. "The human world is chaotic, and the spiritual world is in turmoil; I want to see it too." Would God not think that?

"I cannot let this continue. I need to make a judgment. There is no other way." If there is something that can make Him think like that, the problem is simple. So, through Belvedere, through East Garden, when He visits the New Yorker Hotel, the Tiffany Building, He will see that Reverend Moon is causing a commotion. He will quietly observe and think, "That guy won't do; I need to punish him by lighting a fire under him." Would He think that? Or would He say, "Oh, this was good. That was good. Everything was good. Oh, this guy, you have become pitiful. I cannot let this go. I need to help you." Would He think that? How would He act? Would He punish when He is doing this?

Then would God side with Reverend Moon or with America? Think about it. You all, answer honestly. "With the teacher." Is that really true? "Yes." If there is someone in the Unification Church who is suffering the most, sweating profusely, crawling around fundraising and selling gum, would God bless that person? "Yes." Would He say, "You foolish guy, go to your mother... You have been brainwashed to become like this, you worthless guy." Would He say that, or would He shed tears and feel sorrow, saying, "I...?" How would He act? "When you are in pain, I will repay you; when you are wronged, I will repay you; when you are in difficulty, I will protect you." He would swear that.

Now, think about it. Throughout history, can God be so angry that He cannot do anything, and throughout history, can He be on the side of the most righteous and the wronged, saying, "This world, I can no longer endure it." What if the Unification Church becomes the one that can receive aid from God in such a position where He can be the most angry? What if throughout history, God protects the Unification Church and becomes the most angry and the most indignant? We hope to meet that God.

In a fallen world, an evil world, He can be extremely angry, while He can love the good son to the utmost. From that point, the good world and the evil world are separated. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Then what kind of time is that? If there is a group or religious organization that will praise God and humanity even in a miserable position, and will push to the limit of extreme conditions, you must clearly understand that the point of division between the world of death and the world of life, between earthly hell and heavenly paradise, will emerge because of them.

Let's talk about this aspect in the history of Reverend Moon. He has faced persecution personally, faced persecution in his family, and faced persecution in his race, nation, and state. He has also faced persecution in Asia, in Japan, in America, and everywhere he goes, he has faced persecution. In 120 countries, wherever Reverend Moon goes... This is worse than a mafia organization, worse than a villainous leader, worse than a gang leader. Even if it seems tiring, he continues to say he will go for God, and even after being insulted, he says he will go. At that time, God can feel the anger rising...

What will happen to the Unification Church then? Throughout history, we cannot see the God who is the most sorrowful, the most angry, and the most loving. Even if He gives the greatest love that He has not been able to give throughout history, no one will complain. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

We must be the vanguards who will take responsibility for the path of suffering and lead the world to save heaven and earth. Today, religious organizations are aiming for that kind of place. They must become the vanguards who take responsibility for the path of suffering and run to save the world and heaven and earth. Without such times, we will just pass by. If such times do not come, heaven will not open. That is where true love begins, and that is where true judgment takes place. Do you understand? "Yes."

We must go beyond that connection. We must be pulled by the purpose of that connection. (Writing on the board) We must go beyond from here. As we go, we must not complain. Look. No matter how loyal you are, if you oppose once, the history of loyalty will be erased. Therefore, you must be loyal. No matter what happens, you must not complain. That is why Reverend Moon does not complain. He is not someone who prays, "Oh, it's hard, where can I eat?" He is not someone who says, "God, I can't go because it's hard. Help me!" He is someone who says, "God, I am still a dignified man, and I still have strength left, so don't worry." He may pray like that, but he does not pray, "Oh, help me." This is what I think theoretically. I have set a theoretical goal to overcome this.

To quickly overcome that slope, I pray, "God, let the persecution come quickly, and let the world oppose me!" That is what I am praying for. If someone comes out waving a flag, claiming to be the wrestling champion representing 240 million Americans, and if someone like Reverend Moon comes from a small Korea to face him, what would happen? If God is the judge, He would take away the awards that went to America and say, "Hey, you! Give it back!" and even if He has to take it away, He would praise me for doing well. Wouldn't that happen? "Yes."

Is there anyone today in the religious world who has thoughts like Reverend Moon? I want to see that. Have you heard of anyone? "No." Have you seen anyone who has caused problems in the world and is running at the forefront of persecution? "No." Have you seen anyone like Reverend Moon, who boldly confronts the communists, who are feared by America and the whole world, thinking, "You bastard, come on!"? Even if the CIA director of America runs away, the Secretary of Defense runs away, and all the American ministers run away, we are moving forward, moving forward! The New York Times and the Washington Post, those bastards! What, is Reverend Moon an agent of the KCIA? Those bastards! I don't even regard that. This is how I see America. 

That is why I came alone and shook America within three years... Who would believe that? Did it happen or not? "It happened." Who would I believe? Who would I trust? I know very well how great America's strength is and how vast it is as the center of the democratic world. I am not an ignorant fool. Who do I trust? I trust God. 

Because God is the king of heaven, the citizens of that kingdom are in the billions. There are billions. American citizenship cannot compare to heavenly citizenship. "If you oppose, I will take your sons." Do you understand? "Yes." Even if they are enemies, there can be no greater enmity. That is why the son fights against the father. Can that happen?

We are intoxicated by God's love, so we can transcend everything. Today, we must understand that such a struggle is taking place centered around the Unification Church in American society. We must understand how great and tremendous this struggle is. If they try to expel Reverend Moon and kill him, in the future, their sons and daughters will dig up their graves and burn them. Do you understand what I mean? You must understand that this can happen.

Who will do that? Reverend Moon? God is alive, and that is why God makes such things happen. Therefore, even if the world opposes, I am dignified. Do you know why God made the young people not follow the old era? When the heavenly time comes, they become the framework of the old era that can oppose, and He is trying to create intellectuals who can critically analyze the old era. You must understand that this is the advance guard for that purpose. Do you understand what I mean?

The world is making people grow their hair and do things like hippies and yippies. But the heavenly side is making people like us in the Unification Church into heavenly hippies and yippies.
is. (Applause) If we look at it that way, the conclusion is that America could easily collapse if it makes a mistake, or it could thrive if it does well. If it collapses, there won't be any churches where old people gather, dancing and saying, "Hey! Hippie, yippee!" 

If I have one hope, it is that young people gather and, even more than hippies, say that suffering is good, "Ah—God, I feel good!" That is the way for America to survive. They say that the youths are riding buses from the East to the West, and from the South to the North, making a fuss day and night without rest. The hippies say that we don't eat or sleep. They are saying that. "Those guys, those youths, they don't eat or sleep. Oh, it's so noisy in the neighborhood that I can't sleep. Let's report them to the police and drive them away." That's the fuss they are making. (Laughter)

So, there isn't a place where our Unification Church members have gathered that hasn't had the police come dozens of times. But it's not that we are drinking, smoking, having sex, or dancing; we are just sitting around doing nothing, so they think we are crazy. (Laughter) We are sitting here with our eyes wide open, and they think we are crazy. (Laughter) They don't know that we are feeling good, intoxicated by God's love. They will never know what that is unless they become one of us. They can't explain it. No matter how much they study, they won't understand. You have to be one of us to know. (Laughter. Applause)

We think of ourselves as the greatest kings in all the history of the world, holding the most glorious crown. But the world says, "Oh, those youths are like hellish maggots." How different is that? That is why we are the ones who have overcome the world. Isn't that right? "That's right."

We do not live for ourselves. We do not live for America. We live for heaven and earth. It is a transcendence. "Let us establish our heavenly kingdom." That is why they say, "Reverend Moon will become the president of the world." This is political... Stop the nonsense. Are we going to be petty and just become the president of the world? It’s not that.

In America, there are many atomic bombs, many cannons, and many soldiers, but we have no pistols and no cannons. But what do we have? We have the drug of God's love, which, once you taste it, makes you eternally intoxicated and unable to follow anything else. Just pretending to taste it is good. Even just having it is good. If there is a black person next to you, you will feel good just looking at them. (Imitating. Laughter) Always feeling good to be one with black people, feeling good forever. There is a God who can do that.

Look. Is Reverend Moon a rational person or a blind person? What is he? He is just a complete mess. Is he a logical person? "He is a logical person." If I hadn't gotten married, and I asked the Unification Church women to raise their hands if they would marry me, 100% would raise their hands. (Laughter) If I stopped with the Unification Church and met American women and asked, "Who would marry Reverend Moon?" there would be a lot of hands raised. (Laughter) What do you think? Would there be many candidates or not? "There would be many." Raise your hand if you think there wouldn't be many candidates. (Laughter)

Even if I can't speak English, even if I have to live with an interpreter, I would do it. (Laughter)

Look at the value of our meeting, which cannot be exchanged for heaven and earth. 

Think about how much I have thought. Do you think the teacher has not known whether the spirit world exists or not, or has not explored every valley of the spirit world? Do you think I haven’t gone there fervently? If I were like you, just in the dark, not knowing what would happen, would I be able to do this? If that were the case, I would have disappeared decades ago. If you look at that, my head is not bad, right? "Yes." Do you think you have antennas that you cannot see?

So, I am a strange person. I am a mysterious figure. You cannot understand me, no matter how much you look. There is nothing there. I don’t have a single penny in my wallet. There is none. Even if you search everywhere, there is none. So what is so good? Do I go around to get lunch? What am I going around to get? (Laughter) There is nothing! There is nothing! I don’t even have clothes. (Laughter) When I come, I don’t even have a lump of rice ball. (Applause)

But why are you all making such a fuss? Why are you making a fuss? Whether you are white or black, why are you making a fuss? Why are you making a fuss? There is something that can only be tasted in the Unification Church, and nowhere else. Once you start tasting that, I will teach you everything when you are having a hard time. I will teach you spiritually. I will show you. Such things will happen.

Raise your hand if you have seen the teacher in your dreams. It’s 100%. Who can take this away? Can the military power of America or the atomic bombs of the Soviet Communist Party take it away? Can they cancel it? I know that a spiritual movement is happening even in the depths of the Soviet Union, and can the Soviet Communist Party stop that? (The recording cuts off for a moment)

We are gathered in such an enormous place. This connection is not made by sacrificing just one of you, or by dedicating just one body. Even if we combine all the Japanese people, it cannot be done. We have gathered with a tremendous value that cannot be exchanged for heaven and earth.

So when we hold hands with black people, we need to understand that a historical and tearful relationship has borne fruit, where a white person can hold hands and share stories. Do you understand what I mean? After that, what was once separated between heaven and earth will again be able to hold hands.

Now, if white symbolizes heaven, then black symbolizes earth. I think that when black and white hold hands, it represents the joining of earth and heaven. If the white mountain symbolizes a high snowy mountain, then the valley below, where manure and leaves are piled up, symbolizes black people. We need to understand that when these two hold hands, it represents the value of that high mountain.

If the white mountain top says, "I don’t need that deep valley!" and the valley says, "I don’t need that mountain top!" then it cannot be a famous mountain. "I don’t need white people!" "I don’t need black people." It’s the same. Don’t white people only like white clothes? Is that right? "No." If white people only like white people, then they should only like white things. "No." Why do black people dislike white and like black and mottled clothes? Can a person not do even as much as one piece of clothing? If a black dog and a white dog meet, does the white dog say, "Hey! Black dog, don’t come here!"? Does it say, "Don’t come"? (Laughter) Whether it’s male or female, what does it matter? "They don’t do that." 

Do black cows and white cows do that? How about a crow and a white dove? "They don’t do that." Then, people are worse than animals. 

I have flattened white people, so why do they follow me? Go away. Everyone go back. "We won’t go." Go! Go! "We won’t go."

Now you understand how tremendous the connection we have is. Many nations have been sacrificed, many ethnic groups have been sacrificed, and many individuals and families have been sacrificed. When you think about how great a price God has paid to create this place today, this is a solemn place where we can gather with worship and praise.

Do not forget the connection of our gathering. If Reverend Moon is a great person who has the power to unite this comprehensive nation, then if I were at the top of the Himalayas, America would send a helicopter to invite me, saying, "Please come to our country! 240 million people welcome you." If I say, "I won’t ride in the ordinary people’s helicopter," then they would have to make a special helicopter for me. Wouldn’t that be so? "Yes."

But the country where your mothers and fathers live treats me as less than a stray dog. They don’t treat me as even a stray dog. You need to understand how much shame my character feels while enduring this injustice here. Do you understand? Is that right? "Yes." But what do I say I am doing in this country? I am spitting and running away; why am I doing this? I am doing this because God has hope for these youths in America. I feel precious about the connections I have made while being persecuted here... Reverend Moon is not without resentment. I have resentment! There is a resentment that could lead to a fight. I have a desire to just quit. It’s not just about me. Because there is a hope that holds the destiny of heaven and earth, I have come out on this path despite being persecuted, because you are here. 

When America welcomes these youths, I will pack my bags and leave. At that time, those who opposed Reverend Moon will shed tears many times over... On the day when the American people cry because of me, I see it not as destruction but as resurrection. Becoming a disciple of Reverend Moon means becoming a child of God and a successor to the heavenly kingdom. Reverend Moon is welcome.

Do not forget this connection. Each one of you is valued by God at more than 240 million Americans, and you are the ones who can overcome Reverend Moon’s resentment, and you are one body with me. When I see you working hard, I try to forget my past efforts, and when you endure resentment and injustice, I think I must endure as well.

Who can break this amazing connection? We, who are responsible for the future of America, are now in this sad place, but we are a group moving towards a time that can be transformed into joy. We will go and have enough time to spare. So when we reach that place and America is historically judged, at that time I will pray, "Heaven! Please look at me and forgive me!" and I will go to heaven. That is our wish.

Isn’t that the thought of Jesus? Isn’t that the thought of God? When you go to the spirit world, it is like that. It is a common thought. Is such a person a heretic? Is such a person someone who will ruin America? Can’t you see that America is being revived because of Reverend Moon? How much have you changed? Do you know? Yourself. 

Do you think that with the combined strength of 240 million Americans, you could make just one of you? Who did that? Reverend Moon? The God who created heaven and earth, the Lord of heaven and earth, turned this around with the strength of more than 240 million. You don’t know that? You need to understand that a tremendous event was created to turn around just one person at such a cost. Will you be a victor of such an amazing connection or a loser? "A victor." Raise your hand if you will be a victor. Thank you! May God’s blessing be with you! (Applause) (Prayer by Park Bo-hee)

The other day, I made personnel changes. It hasn’t been long since Kamiyama became the person in charge in New York, but after just one year... He needs to study English a bit. That is why I made personnel changes to prepare for that from now on. Kamiyama will take full responsibility for the entire MFT. Kamiyama! "Yes." (Applause)

Unite completely with the new person in charge. 

Until now, Kamiyama has been in charge of New York State, but now Mr. Sudo will become the person in charge of New York State. (Applause) That person is shorter than someone who is sitting down even when standing. Don’t look down on him just because he is shorter than your sitting height. (Laughter) Unite even more completely with the new person in charge than when Kamiyama was in charge. Anyone who complains about that is complaining about the teacher and about God. Considering the situation in New York, it was done this way because it would be better, so I hope you can unite with a joyful heart and have a higher level of development.

Now that a new person in charge has been established, there will be strong directives. At that time, you shouldn’t say, "Oh, it was easier when Kamiyama was here; I can’t handle this." You shouldn’t do that. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." The harder it is, the more you develop; the easier it is, the more you retreat. There must be a leader who can coach with a strong system. Do you understand? "Yes."

Also, Kamiyama has taken full responsibility for New Yorkers, but this time, the responsibility has been given to Park Juyong. (Applause) Those living in New York or at the headquarters on 43rd Street will receive special instructions from the teacher in the future. The same activity stage, the newspaper office is on the same floor, and then if it’s a fundraising team, the fundraising team is on the same floor, and evangelism is the same, so gather them all on the same floor. And if a few people are doing something on a different floor, I don’t know what floor it is, but gather them all together on one floor.

So, when you wake up in the morning, you must have worship for at least 15 to 20 minutes every morning. You don’t need to go down to the ballroom on the first floor to do it. Everyone should come out to the intersecting floor and have worship. The reason is that there are people who do not come out when worship is held, so it cannot be done. At that time, you cannot sleep. If you don’t come out, you will feel a pang of conscience. And your ancestors in the spirit world will say, "You, wake up!" Try to endure and see if your heart is at ease. If your heart is good, you can lie down, but if your heart says, "Oh no, this is a big deal!" then you should get up quickly. Do you understand? "Yes." If you don’t feel a pang of conscience, just stay there.

Mr. Park needs to establish order like this. You need to clean thoroughly every morning and evening. I will occasionally come out and inspect the rooms. After that, Mr. Kwak will be responsible for Unification Industry. He is not here now. I have to catch a flight to Alabama at 10:40. (Laughter) Will you all do well or not? "We will do well." I am busy, so I have to go. (Cheers. Applause)

* 

The Day of the Desired Children

I apologize for being late. I was late because I had to decide on several important issues without you knowing. So please understand. I will let you know later what that content is.

Because of the fall, we must restore the standard of true original sons.

As you know, today is Children’s Day. Looking back at 1960, this is the 18th Children’s Day. In terms of years, it is the 17th anniversary.

The title I would like to share with you today is "The Day of the Desired Children." I will briefly talk about this title. If there had been no fall, such days as Parents’ Day, Children’s Day, Day of All Things, and God’s Day would have all been completed in one day for humanity. However, because of the fall, we must trace the path of restoration, returning to God and finding humanity again. Therefore, as the time for restoration approaches, it concludes that these lost days—Parents’ Day, Children’s Day, Day of All Things, and God’s Day—must be found again.

November 11, 1977 (Friday), Belvedere Training Center.
* This message was given during the 18th Children’s Day celebration and is also published in the <Words> No. 202 (published on January 20, 1978). 

As you know, the principle teaches that Adam and Eve fell, and we must restore the original standard. However, because Adam and Eve fell, we cannot restore through the fallen Adam and Eve. That son...
You must return through your daughters. To return, the true standard of the original son must emerge. Without that, complete restoration is impossible. That is why God has been working until now: He has come to find a son who can stand on the original standard that did not fall. Without this, nothing can be established. Because humanity has fallen and is even lower than the position of a servant, a representative who can embody the name of a son must be historically established.

Next, based on this representative who embodies the name of the son representing the servant, one must rise to the position of the son representing the adopted children. Then, as the son representing the adopted children, one must stand in a position that God, Satan, and all creation can recognize and approve. Only then can the position of the son be established.

Therefore, God's historical course goes from the history of the servant, to the history of the adopted children, to the history of the son, and finally to the history of the parents, entering the world of heart. This is the course of restoration. These stages are the essence of restoration. Given the fallen history of humanity, the global providence has been expanded until now, so the outermost position is like that of a servant, then like that of an adopted child, then like that of a son, and finally like that of a parent, which must be achieved horizontally.

Until now, countless religions in the world have represented and woven together this history. Therefore, in the religious history that seeks to follow God's providential will, there must emerge religions that establish the historical realm of the servant, the historical realm of the adopted children, the historical realm of the son, and finally the historical realm of the parents.

Because numerous ethnic groups are divided, among these many ethnic groups, a globally diverse religious form with such principled content has developed around a single purpose. From this perspective, all religions have the concept of "Let us become God's children. Let us become God's servants. We are God's servants and God's children."

When viewed through the lens of Christian history, the Old Testament era is the era of the servant, the New Testament era is the era of the adopted children, and the era of the Second Coming is the era of the son. Then, it transitions into the era of the parents. This is something you all know well. Externally, while carrying out this global providence, internally, what must be done is to find and be born again in the original position that did not fall. This historical work must be done.

Restoration through the history of indemnity centered on Cain and Abel

So, where can we find a son like the original son who did not fall? Since we have gone through numerous eras, ultimately, we must trace back through the womb of the mother, through the womb of the grandmother, and all the way back to the womb of the unfallen Adam and Eve. This logic must be established; otherwise, a son or daughter who has not fallen cannot emerge. The position where Adam and Eve can become a couple and be born within the realm of God's love is the only place where this can happen. From this perspective, is it easy for God's son to be born? No.

As a result of the fall of Adam and Eve, the history of restoration centered on Cain and Abel was initiated to correct this path. This is the providential history. If Adam and Eve had not fallen, all of Adam's children, whether the firstborn, secondborn, or youngest, would have all become God's children. However, due to the fall, they established a blood relationship with Satan, and because Adam and Eve formed a family centered on Satan, their children became the property of Satan, not God's.

Therefore, in order to establish the original standard, God must re-establish the standard of God, Adam and Eve, and the archangel. Since Satan knows that humans should originally become God's sons and daughters, he cannot deny that they are not God's sons and daughters. Therefore, based on the love of Adam and Eve, it is inevitable to determine the ownership of the true son. Thus, God established Abel on His side and Cain on Satan's side. The history of restoration through indemnity began from here.

From this perspective, when we look at the providence of salvation, Abel becomes the savior of Cain. We must understand that he is in the position of the savior. Cain cannot return to God while living according to his own desires. There is no way to return that way. The only way to return is to unite with Abel, who stands on the path that God desires.

Thus, God, Adam, and the archangel can return to their original positions. One cannot return alone. What our family must understand is that Abel cannot go without taking Cain with him. Therefore, Abel and Cain must unite and fulfill the mission of the savior for the parents to be restored. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

This is the principle. That is why, in the historical course, such principles have been established in the democratic world and the communist world. The world where God exists and the world where God does not exist. Therefore, before the Abel world, where God exists, and the Cain world, where God does not exist, can unite, there is no way to restore the standard of parents that can unify heaven and earth.

In the Garden of Eden, when Cain forcibly subdued Abel and killed him because he would not listen, today, the communist world, which opposes God's will, is trying to forcibly pull the Abel world to its side. The problem here is that if Abel does not hold onto God until the end, there is no way to live. However, having lost God, we must recognize that this is a significant issue for the democratic world.

That is why today, Christianity is in a position where it is completely collapsing under the sword of the communist world. If one holds onto God and collapses... Abel held onto God and collapsed, but he inherited that will and found the path to victory. Similarly, no matter how difficult the democratic world becomes, if it holds onto God and overcomes all external forces, there is a way to live. However, if it cannot do so, it will be occupied by the world of Satan. This is the principled view of the end of the world.

As long as the communist party strives to dominate the world, who should do this? It must be the teenagers, like Adam and Eve before the fall. It must be the young people in their twenties. Today, the representative country with such a global religious presence is America. How has America, a country that has inherited the tradition of being a Christian nation, reached a stage where it speaks of free sex?

After the fall of Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden, they felt shame and covered their lower bodies with fig leaves, but today, the youth of America engage in all sorts of behaviors in parks without feeling any shame. There is no prospect of restoration. Therefore, they cannot return. Adam and Eve had a sense of shame and a heart capable of repentance, but these young people have neither the heart to repent nor the heart to feel shame.

Therefore, the communist world, while invading the Abel world, is enticing the Abel-like youth with free sex, just as the archangel led Adam and Eve to fall in the Garden of Eden. From the perspective of the principle, this is a position that can only lead to destruction. That is why the Unification Church seeks to prevent this.

Thus, our Unification Church must move more vigorously than the communists who are tirelessly working to dominate the world. In the name of God, we must strive to overthrow the communist realm more than the communists who seek to dominate the world. This is our position. (Cheers and applause) Thank you.

Next, what must we do? Our youth, teenagers, and young people in their twenties must come together to eliminate the free sex that Satan is using as a weapon to confuse the world today. We must abolish it. Therefore, we must receive recognition from God that we are better than the people of the communist world as representatives of the democratic world. We must receive God's approval that we are better than any fervent member of the communist world.

Next, we must know how to love only God in the aspect of absolute loyalty. A person cannot think of anything else. What is the fall? It is forming a love connection with Satan. Therefore, one must completely wash away that historical filth and love only God.

Those who have not received such recognition do not have the qualification to have a partner like Adam and Eve before God. A man cannot take a woman as a partner, and a woman cannot approach a man whom God loves. Before that, one cannot say, "I want to get married." To love only God...

Isn't that true? One must love God more than their own parents, spouse, or children, and only after loving God can they love their children and have a partner in the position of being one with God's love. Before that, one must pass through the emotional standards within God's will.

Do you understand this clearly? "Yes." What is the first point? One must become a thorough person for God, better than any member of the communist party representing the world. The second is to dedicate absolute loyalty only to God. One must become a person who can sacrifice everything for God. The position of Adam and Eve is only for God; God is the center of the world, and there is no Satan or archangel. Also, the center of love is God; there cannot be any other partner like the archangel. One should not think about anything else. What is the fall? It is when one begins to think of something else.

In that position, one must not allow oneself to think of oneself. One cannot allow oneself to think of oneself. There is no room to think of any other partner. That is why Jesus said that anyone who does not love him more than anyone else cannot become a son or daughter of God. All these words are based on this principle, and until now, people have overlooked them without considering their importance.

Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Is there anyone born in such a position? In the historical process, it cannot appear. In this way, there must be someone who is born in the love of God, representing the world, and sent to this earth, who is the global savior. Who is that person? He is the one who comes to restore the position of the parents. You must understand this.

Therefore, as mentioned earlier, just as Cain and Abel must unite to save and liberate the parents, humanity cannot return to God without the democratic world and the communist world uniting. There is no way to return to God without centering on the parents.

Because of this heavenly principle, in the age of human history, when evil and good people emerge, the evil must follow the good. This principle must be established. Why must the evil person submit to the words of the good person? Do you understand? "Yes." Regardless of society, country, or any world, people must center on the good and try to follow them. This principle cannot be left out of the historical process.

So, what kind of person is a true person, a good person? People say, "If I live with a good conscience, I am a true person!" They might think, "In the American family, I am in a position that is not lacking compared to anyone else, and I have not committed any sins or done bad things in the neighborhood, so I am a good person." They might think, "Today, America is a great country that is revered as the center of the democratic world, so we, the American people, are the greatest people and the best in the world."

So, what exactly is a good person? Is a good person someone who is so good that goodness can fill heaven and earth? Is there a standard for goodness? Then, what is evil? What is evil? Where is the basis of goodness and the basis of evil? Do you know where it is? "Yes." Where is it? It is within me. Both goodness and evil are within me. I stand at the boundary between good and evil. So, are you good? "Yes." I cannot trust you. Are you really good? "Yes." Can you stand before God and say, "Ah! You are good, so I am good too. My face resembles yours, and all my authority is like yours"? Can you say that? "No." Really? "No."

You must understand this clearly. Where do good and evil start? Where is the basis of goodness, and where is the basis of evil? It is me, and depending on where I go, the direction I take determines the standard of good and evil. You must understand this clearly.

If you ignore the entire world and say, "This world! God and everything else must submit to me! Let the world exist for me!" you are becoming the palace of Satan. You must recognize that you are becoming the palace of Satan. Do you understand? "Yes." Instead, if you say, "I will disregard myself for Him and live for the entire universe and God," that person is the most righteous person. Moving based on one's own desires is evil. Moving based on God, the public God, the God that humanity desires, is good. Do you understand? "Yes." You must recognize the distinction between the station of the world of Satan and the station of the heavenly kingdom.

Thus, all religions teach that they must fight against this evil palace of Satan to lead everyone to goodness and heaven, to sacrifice everything, to serve, and to eliminate it without reservation. Any religion that does not teach this cannot even enter the realm of religion. Isn't that right? "Yes."

Then, will the Unification Church be a leader in this? "Yes, it will be the best." You sold newspapers this morning, right? "Yes." Think about it. If you go out to sell newspapers saying, "Oh! I am hungry, so I need to sell newspapers to buy food," what is that? Is that good or evil? "Evil." Instead, if you think, "I must sell for someone else, for my mother, for my younger siblings, for my family," that is a small act of goodness. 

Then, when the morning meal comes in, if you are so hungry that you eat first without considering your father and mother, what happens? "Evil." You almost did something good, but what was the result? "Evil." You understand that.

So, when I sell newspapers, if I move for my uncle and the people in the neighborhood rather than my own parents, I must understand that I have a greater value of goodness. Why? Because...
to be continued...
It will happen. Everything will turn upside down. At that time, even Satan will be taken hostage and will say, "Let me go!" (Cheers. Applause) Then humanity will be liberated, the kingdom of heaven will be revealed, and God will reign on earth, completing the heavenly kingdom on earth.

Therefore, the Unification Church is personally correct. It is correct on a family level. It is correct on a tribal level. Next, it is correct on a global tribal level, and on a global national level. It is correct on a global humanity level. In this way, God sympathizes, but even the spirit world says, "This cannot be!" Not only the spirit world but also people in this world will say, "What has the Unification Church done wrong?" and hope to be mobilized.

Think about what will happen when the support movement for Reverend Moon takes place at Harvard Divinity School. What will happen? (Applause) So, persecution is not a bad thing. God always corrects and takes back. He takes everything back. Instead, they say to Reverend Moon, "Go! Go!" Even so... That is why we are being persecuted. (Laughter. Applause) Is this much good enough? "Yes." (Applause) Know that the world will become like this. Think that what Reverend Moon said will surely happen. (Applause)

Then what will we do by raising the youth of America? If we save the Soviet Union before saving America, America will be saved automatically. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." That is why, after the Washington conference, I declared the Moscow conference. (Applause)

Our activities in America to stop the Communist Party
Look. You may not know, but among our members, there are people who are currently imprisoned and fighting bloodily in the Soviet satellite countries. You all, is it hard? "No." We must liberate those satellite countries. We must liberate our comrades and then liberate Christianity. After that, we must liberate the Jews.

But is Reverend Moon an anti-Semite? An anti-Christ? God thinks that way. Who are the people who can liberate the Soviet Union? I do not think well of the Carter administration. Policies that favor the Communist Party should not be allowed. Just wait and see. It will become increasingly difficult. The day we lose the Panama Canal, we will completely lose our military bases in the Pacific. We will lose all military activity stages connecting the Pacific and the Atlantic. God does not want that. I wanted to talk to Carter when I met him, but he did not meet me.

If Nixon had listened to me, America would not have become like this. We would not have lost Vietnam, and America would not have been disgraced. What good has come from driving Nixon out? Everything has become miserable. It has become miserable. Hasn't the Communist Party created a world where they can rampage everywhere in broad daylight? In fact, I am someone who dislikes Nixon.

What is the Nixon Doctrine? It is the idea of retreating from Asia. The idea of withdrawing troops from Korea is not Carter's idea. It is Nixon's idea, Nixon's thought. But why did I support Nixon? It was because of the Communist Party. It was because of the Communist Party.

The President of the United States must not lose the strong authority of the presidency as long as the Communist Party is strong. The day this collapses, the CIA will fail, the FBI will become powerless, and there will be Communist Party rampages, and through the union, all factories will be destroyed, just wait and see. The union will cause demonstrations, and all sorts of things will happen. What will you do? How will you deal with the unions demonstrating in the future? Does the U.S. administration have the confidence to stop them?

Look. More and more disasters will occur. In the face of such urgent global circumstances, I have stood at the forefront against the Communist Party. Today, the Soviet Union knows that Reverend Moon is an anti-communist, and so do China and North Korea; all the Communist countries in the world know Reverend Moon, but in the democratic world, Reverend Moon is opposed.

Do you know who says "Korean CIA"? It is the Communist Party that propagates that. Who propagates brainwashing? It is the Communist Party. All the exploitation and whatever else is all propaganda from the Communist Party. The negative propaganda against Reverend Moon was done by the Communist Party. All of that was taken up by American media outlets, like the New York Times, the Washington Post... It is because the Communist Party is alive.

What, is Reverend Moon political? Look. Is it political ideology to say forgive, love, and unite regarding the Watergate incident? You must know that it is Christian ideology. What did I do when I first met Nixon? I prayed, prayed. I did not talk politics; I prayed. Is that political? "No." You bastards! They do not talk about any of that and try to twist everything to their advantage, trying to frame me politically... while trying to expel me.

What, am I an agent of the Korean CIA? Even if you tell me to act as an agent for the American CIA, I will not do it. Even if you pile up money and tell me to do it, I would scoff at it. (Laughter) It is not even comparable. I am not budging an inch. (Applause) Why am I saying this? Because you need to recognize this time and have a new determination.

The restoration of the birthright centered on Cain and Abel
So, I tried to make one centered on Cain and Abel, but Abel died... So what happened? When it came to the time of Jacob, I tried to make one, in the era of children, since the elder brother was born in the world of Satan first, the elder brother could govern the younger brother, but the elder brother must be sent to the position of the younger brother, and the younger brother must establish the elder brother's authority for the heavenly authority to be restored.

Isaac represents God. Since Isaac and Rebekah were placed in the position of Adam and Eve, the two sons (Esau and Jacob) are exactly like Cain and Abel. Since Eve was the one who made the mistake and fell, Rebekah, standing in the position of Eve, handled everything.

When you read the Bible, you will see that Rebekah thought Esau would receive the blessing of the birthright, so she deceived her husband and her son, made Jacob wear the wool, and had him receive the blessing. Is God a fool? Why did He give that blessing to Jacob? Do theologians understand that? Do all historical Christians today understand that? What kind of Bible is that? Doing so is God's will. Without doing that, the principle of restoration, the way to return, cannot be resolved. Because it was tied up in reverse, it must be undone in reverse.

When Eve fell, God was the Father, and Adam was the Son, but they all fell together and messed everything up. So they fell in unity with Satan. To restore that, it must be done in reverse. A reverse game must unfold in the historical age.

Now, what position did Rebekah stand in? She stood in the position of Eve. Therefore, she placed her husband in the position of God and her son in the position of Adam, and when they fell, she had to negate what was negated and place Jacob, who stood in the position of the second son, in front of God so that he could become a son of God, to stand in the position restored to God's side.

Thus, by restoring the position of the firstborn, Esau must submit, and then the mother and father must submit, and it will be restored through indemnity. Therefore, it is about flipping what was turned upside down by the fall. It is about flipping what has become like this. It is different. That is how you ascend.

That is why Jacob was given the name Israel. It is a name that means victory, but what did he win over? He won over the realm of the fall, the mistakes of Adam and Eve's fall, and the mistake of Cain killing Abel, establishing the standard to indemnify and restore those mistakes. What did he win over? He won over the positions of Cain and Abel, the positions of Adam and Eve, and the world of Satan. There is no time to discuss it in detail. So let's jump ahead.

So where was this accomplished? It was the restoration of the birthright. Until then, it was the birthright of Satan's side, but finally, in the time of Jacob, the birthright of heaven was established. For the first time among humanity, the Abel-type birthright standard was established. Therefore, all humanity must follow Israel!

Then, since Esau and Jacob are twins, why did they carry out the restoration providence with twins? Twins communicate well with each other. Because they failed by separating from the two sons, they ultimately sought the twins. However, since Esau and Jacob were born and grew up, they fought in the womb, but the essence remained the same. The standard of the fall was still under Satan's control.

Restoration centered on Tamar
What is born from a woman's womb is still within the realm of Satan. Therefore, once again... What is that? It is centered on a woman named Tamar. If you look at it, it is exactly the same. Tamar is like Rebekah and Eve. Deceiving the father and the son centered on the woman Tamar is exactly the same. From that standpoint, Tamar carried out that scheme.

Who is Tamar's daughter-in-law? She is the daughter-in-law of Judah, the fourth son of Jacob. And the woman Tamar had her husband die, and then she took her brother-in-law as her husband, but he died too. However, the third son was too young to be a husband, so while waiting for that son to grow up, she could not function as a woman... Even if it meant sacrificing her life, inheriting the blessing of Israel, inheriting the lineage of Judah was the most important thing.

So she disguised herself as a prostitute and thought that she would definitely continue the lineage through her father-in-law. Rebekah did not deceive God and reject her husband and father to achieve her own purpose; rather, she was a woman who risked her life for God's purpose.

Thus, through her relationship with her father-in-law, she gave birth to twins, Perez and Zerah. It was just like Jacob and Esau fighting in the womb. When Rebekah prayed to God that the two were fighting in her womb, God said, "There are two nations in your womb, and the older will serve the younger." He gave the same answer regarding Tamar, "There are two nations in your womb, and the older will serve the younger."

So when the older Zerah reached out his hand to come out first, the midwife marked his wrist with a red thread. That was a sign that the Communist Party would come out first before the Lord comes. So at that moment, the younger brother pushed his way out, able to possess the birthright that could move the world. (Applause)

Thus, what was born as the firstborn of Satan's side, having been bloodied, was finally turned around in the womb, and a new historical beginning was made. Therefore, centered on the tribe of Judah, the tradition of victory in the womb was inherited, and always... You all, when coming out of Egypt, the tribe of Judah carried the Ark of the Covenant. You must know that. The principle that the Messiah must come through the tribe of Judah was determined here. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

So what happened? It was turned upside down in the womb. As the two brothers, the sons of Adam and Eve, had to restore this, they all entered into their mother's womb and were restored centered on God's love. Therefore, a woman with such a mindset, like Tamar, who sacrifices everything for God, must appear and continue the lineage, and for that offspring, a foundation was laid where Satan could not accuse in that womb. But why could the Messiah not come at that time? It was because the side of Satan had become a national and global foundation in the historical age, and it had to wait until the Israelite realm established a national foundation.

Then, at the time when it could appear as a global center country, through the standard of the historical tradition, the Messiah was sent, who is Jesus Christ of the nation of Israel.

Jesus was born to clear the defiled lineage, so Satan could not accuse him, and in place of Israel's history, in a historical era, a woman like Eve, like Rebekah, like Tamar, who was prepared to support God's will, had to appear. Who is that? It is Mary, the mother of Jesus. Then what position is Mary in? She is in the position of Eve. She stands in the same position as Rebekah and Tamar. Since Eve fell in love with Satan, it must be done in reverse. Mary, despite having her father and husband, rejected them all and united with heaven to conceive Jesus.

Thus, the Jesus conceived in Mary's womb cannot be accused by Satan. Because he was conceived in a womb that had been cleansed from the time of Jacob through the era of Perez and Zerah, he was conceived by God's love, so there is no basis for Satan to accuse him. Because he was born there, Jesus can be the Messiah, the Messiah. Because he came out having cleared the defiled lineage... There is only one such person. Do you understand? You must know that the qualification to be the Messiah is here.

There is no basis for being born from a woman of the world of Satan, but on this victorious foundation of the historical path of indemnity, Jesus could finally be born through Mary. Therefore, he was born as a global firstborn. Not a national firstborn, but a global firstborn. Past, present, future...

That is why Jesus said, "I am the only begotten Son of God." The only begotten Son of God is a person born centered on God's first love, a person qualified to receive the first love. But he claimed to be such a person. You must understand that he is different from the small people. That is why he monopolized God's first love. Do you understand?

Thus, for the first time, a son of God was born on Earth. He was born as a son of God who transcended the realm of the fall, and Satan could not accuse him; must that son die? "No." Today, no pastor or theologian knows this historical background. Because Reverend Moon has come out and revealed historical facts, we now understand. 

Jesus, who brought the kingship of the Jewish nation, must restore Eve
Jesus was born as a global son, the firstborn, for the Israelite people, so Israel and Judaism must unite with Jesus. Therefore, he must ascend to the throne centered on the kingship of the Jewish nation. Thus, he must establish the kingship of the family, the kingship of society, the kingship of the nation, and the global kingship. Can it be done alone? 

If Adam had received the approval of the universe as a king with the kingship of God in the Garden of Eden, and at the same time received the approval of the queen, the kingship of the world would have been established. Then, to restore that, must Jesus live alone? "No." Just as Eve was created through Adam, just as a woman was created, Jesus, standing in the position of Adam, must recreate Eve.
The central role must be played. If we do not focus on finding the bride, the world cannot be born. 

When Jesus was about to die, what happened? What do you think He was thinking as He was dying? Was He thinking about the nation, the world? What was He thinking? Before thinking of God, what was He thinking? He was thinking of Eve, saying, ‘I must find Eve and go; I cannot die….' You need to understand this.

So what did He leave as a testament while dying? He left the idea that ‘even if I die, I will come back and find the bride.' When a couple loved by God is born, a loving family will emerge, and when a loving family is born, a tribe will emerge, and when a loving tribe is born, a nation will emerge, and when a loving nation is born, the whole world will come under His dominion.

Thus, He will carry out the history of grafting, the history of grafting all of humanity. If we cut everything and just attach the pure, the world will be restored all at once. Humanity is of the lineage of Adam. No matter how many nations and races there are, it is one tree. (Applause) 

To restore the world, Jesus must be born in the flesh. 

Do you think that today’s Christians believe that He will come riding on clouds and that they will ascend to live in the millennium? Oh, what foolishness! How can the only begotten Son come riding on clouds? The content is very different. It is not set up that way. Therefore, the Lord who is to come in the future… The first Adam failed, and the second Adam came to try to complete it but failed, so the third Adam must be born in the flesh to restore this world in the global age. (Applause)

Look. It must align with theory. Everything must align with theory. God’s will must also align with theory. What Reverend Moon said must align with God’s providence. It must align with the spiritual world and the physical world. Only then can Satan understand the motive for being Satan and correct what sin has become. Even a murderer will act confidently when they do not realize they are a murderer. However, when someone says, ‘Didn’t you commit murder?'…

Until now, Satan has accused before God. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” Now, the Jews must repent for the sin of killing Jesus. Even if they call me anti-Semitic, I cannot help it. It is the will of Heaven. Go die and see. They oppose the pastor and the elders, so go die. See if Reverend Moon is a fake or a heretic. Go to the spiritual world. Meet Jesus. All the prophets and sages who are in the spiritual world will accuse you. (Cheers. Applause)

We must not be arrogant before God. Our Unification Church does not work for the Unification Church. It is not about the signboard. Historically, would the Unification Church create a church? Knowing that the Roman Catholic Church and the Greek Orthodox Church fought and split into hundreds of denominations, would we create one? With what? God creates one. It is not Reverend Moon. It is God. (Applause)

The Day of the Desired Children

Jesus died. What happens when Jesus dies? If He had done everything on this earth, why would He come back to this world? He must come back because He could not complete His work. Is Jesus a man or a woman? “A man.” Is He ambiguous? “No.” Do you think that with His eyes, if God had a beloved daughter, He would have thought about wanting to get married? “He would have.” Pastors, think about it. Holy pastors! If you think you have become a son of God, would you want to get married or not? It is the same. You must understand that Jesus had physiological functions like us.

Is this heretical talk? Even if it is heretical, you must understand that it is a very high-level truth. (Applause) Yes, God likes super heretics. (Applause)

Centered on spirit and flesh, we must love humanity and God from a position without sin. 

Just as a hen lays eggs if only hens are present, to give birth to a person, there must be a mother and a father. If one cannot give birth, they must set the condition that they gave birth by grafting. However, because Jesus died, that foundation was lost. Therefore, He had no choice but to stand in the position of a spiritual parent. We must stand in the position of spiritual parents. When we ask who Jesus is, He is not the Savior. He is not the Lord. He is the spiritual father who gave birth to me, the father. That is why Jesus sent the Holy Spirit as He left. The Holy Spirit is the mother spirit.

Who sinned? Because Eve sinned, because the woman sinned, who must wash away the sin and give birth instead? The woman must do it, the woman. So where must we go? Since it is restoration, you must be born as a baby, but to do that, where must you go? You must return to the position of the father’s son and daughter before marriage. You must return to the position of the son and daughter who are in the lineage of the father’s essence before getting married.

Thus, through the power of love between the mother and father, they must unite to give birth to the life of sons and daughters. This is the principle. If you are spiritually loving Jesus now, you are entering as the seed of a baby that is in the bones of Jesus’ body. Since it came out through love, it will go in through love in reverse. Adam, who stood in the love of evil Satan, came out through evil love, through self-centered love, so it goes in through the love of Jesus, who sacrifices Himself. Therefore, when you reach the point where you want to see and miss Jesus so much, the Holy Spirit will come, and through oneness with Jesus’ love, I will be born again. You are born again with the condition that you have gone through the connection of the love of the mother and father. A spiritual resurrection occurs.

That is the dualistic authority of Christianity. It has become dualistic Christianity. When a person is born, according to the original principle of creation, God does not create a person to be born spiritually. They are to be born through the union of spirit and flesh. This is the principle. Therefore, when Jesus Christ returns in the spiritual world, when the Lord comes, one must go through the condition of being born through parents, the mother and father. (Applause)

Originally, no one born from spiritual parents can enter heaven. One must be born in the flesh and, from a position without sin, through God’s love, be born on this earth, loving the world, loving humanity, and loving God, and with that proof, they can enter heaven. That is heaven. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.”

So in the future, when the Lord of the Second Advent comes, the spirits in the spiritual world will spiritually return to the earth. Therefore, in 1 Corinthians 15, it is said that Christ will return with all the heavenly hosts and countless saints. When they all come, what will they do? They must all enter into the womb of the Lord who is coming, not as spiritual sons but must enter into the womb of the father centered on spirit and flesh. Thus, they must unite with those who are one with the Lord on this earth, and since spirit and flesh have been separated, they must unite and go in, and based on the condition that they have gone to God through love…

Therefore, at the end, whether man or woman, everyone will engage in loving the Lord who is coming. Forgetting to eat and sleep… All humanity must stand in the position of entering into the womb of their mother and father before marriage. How do they enter? Love! Love! It is not love for oneself. Because they fell centered on themselves, they must unite with love that sacrifices themselves for the world to enter.

If what Reverend Moon said is true, when it is said, ‘The Lord has come,’ there will be a religious movement where everyone will abandon their homes, sons, and daughters and follow Him day and night. If such things happen transcending races, including black, white, and yellow, that is where the Lord is coming. Jesus said, ‘Love me more than anyone else. Anyone who loves their father, mother, husband, wife, or anything more than me cannot be my disciple.’ That is the place where this can be realized. Even if it means losing one’s head… God’s love is stronger than life. Do you all like that? “Yes.” Do you know that? “Yes.”

Forgetting to eat, forgetting to sleep, saying, ‘Oh! I miss you. I want to meet you.’ The one who can do that is the Messiah. Therefore, becoming one with the seed of the baby in the body of the father, through that father, there is nothing but to love God and the world. I do not exist… Coming as such a bridegroom, finding the bride, that day is the day of the wedding feast. When that happens, a new realm of resurrection will unfold for the spirits who have come and gone until now and for those on this earth. In the spiritual world, heaven will directly unfold. Is that necessary or not? “It is necessary.” Even if I cannot have a country, cannot have a doctorate, cannot have a wife and remain single, I must have these parents. If I cannot have these parents, everything is in vain. Do you understand? “Yes.”

The Day of the Children Born from the Position Recognized by God, Satan, and True Parents

That is why the Messiah comes in the flesh and declares heaven on earth upon receiving the bride. That day is the day of restoration and the day of hope. That is the very purpose of the Messiah coming to this earth. For the people of this earth and the spirits in the spiritual world, to proclaim the spirit of true parents… (Applause)

Even if you throw away the entire Old and New Testaments, you must know that you need to find true parents. You must have true parents. That is why true siblings come forth, true nations emerge, and everything comes forth. Therefore, through global connections, a foundation is laid, and after the parents come forth, children can emerge through the parents. Such a heavenly and earthly joining ceremony must be held. That must be recognized by God, recognized by Satan, and then recognized by true parents. From that point, the day of true children will be established globally.

So who qualifies to be a true child? ‘The descendants who fought like Cain and Abel cannot be. Those sons and daughters who ruined history cannot be. Now, transcending nations and the world, I will become sons and daughters who can always unite.’ A person who makes such a pledge is qualified to be a true child. Not sons and daughters who fight like Cain and Abel. A son who will transcend tribes, nations, and borders and become one, saying they will not fight… That day of such a pledge is the day of children.

Satan is still present. The day was established in the position recognized by God and true parents, and that day is October 1, 1960. (Applause) You all are globalists like God. You are universalists. Therefore, it is not about loving your own family but about loving the world and all humanity as your brothers. Only then can the global foundation for connecting with the families of heaven begin from there.

From the position of being a son or daughter who can sacrifice everything for God and humanity, getting married is not for myself but for God and humanity, sleeping is not for myself but for God and humanity, and eating must not be for myself but for God and humanity. Doing everything for God and humanity is Godism, universalism.

In your hearts, God must dwell, true parents must dwell, and the true family, humanity, the world, and heaven and earth must dwell. You must have such a heart of love. Are you all like that? “Yes.” It is not easy to achieve that. You must understand that this is the place where all historical desires, hopes, and aspirations of thousands of years explode.

When you go, you must say, ‘I am the one who stands in the place of Adam in the Garden of Eden and has cast away the temptations of Satan that Eve could not overcome. I am better than Noah of Noah’s family. I have not been naked and made mistakes like Noah after the flood judgment, nor have I made mistakes in offering sacrifices like Abraham. I am not Esau, who could not help Rebecca during Jacob’s time, but I am the whole that has been divided… I am the one who has triumphed among them and the one who possesses the best love among them.’ You must be able to say that. (Applause)

‘I have stood in a position greater than Jesus Christ, who lived for 33 years! I have stood in a position greater than the living Jesus! Therefore, God must surely love me!’ You must be able to say that. In what way? Jesus could not love the nation, could not love the world, and could not liberate the spirits in the spiritual world, but I have done that. Furthermore, Jesus could not become a father who got married and had sons and daughters, nor could He become a grandfather who loved and led grandchildren, but I can love in His place. Has Jesus ever been a grandfather?

Let us walk that path, let us engage in that play. What kind of group is that? What do they call it? Those are the Moonies. (Applause) The outsiders of the satanic world call us Moonies, but we are Sunnies. And then we are Kingies. (Applause) Only then can we enter into the royal authority of heaven.

I, Reverend Moon, may be an unattractive man, but I have more ambition than anyone else. I will not be taken away. If I always look at it with these eyes, I am number one, and with these ears, I hear such sounds, and with this mouth, I speak and think, I am the best. I believe that there is no one in the history of the world who has spoken and thought like this except Reverend Moon. (Applause)

Be strong and courageous for the construction of the heavenly kingdom.

So what is today’s title? It is ‘The Day of the Desired Children.’ How long have we been waiting for the Day of the Desired Children? Therefore, you must understand how great the glory is to celebrate the day of children born after going through all of this. Moreover, to celebrate this day from the position of true parents and true children is a gift from God that you must understand. Furthermore, having attended the ceremony celebrating the 18th Day of Children, which proclaims a new beginning centered on God after concluding the Washington Conference in 1977, is an amazing gift.

Now, even if Reverend Moon dies, he will not go as a man who failed like Jesus but will leave behind a historical foundation of victory before God. ‘Oh God! I can confidently enter heaven.’ Can you say that? “Yes.” You must inherit such thoughts. Now, it is certain that ‘blessing is such a tremendous thing, and the teachings received by entering the Unification Church today cannot be exchanged for a fortune.’
was a teaching that did not exist.' This is how it should be. Do you understand? "Yes."  
You must think of yourself as the son of God instead of the teacher, and as the daughter of God. Then God will help you, and even if you are in a place of death, God will protect you, and even in the path of persecution, He will develop you, cover you, and always keep you safe.  
Those of you who have this mindset will have True Parents with you, and God will be with you. Along with spiritual experiences, the spiritual world will cooperate directly.  
God first declared to Joshua and Caleb regarding the Israelites heading towards Egypt, "Be strong and courageous! Be strong and courageous." What should you do with that strength and courage? You must overcome the nations of the world. It's the same for you. Be strong and courageous! You must do it for the Kingdom of Heaven.  
(Clapping)  
How about the teacher? Are you strong and courageous? "Yes." Why is that? Why? It is for God. It is not for me. Do you all understand that? The teacher will discover a deeper God through this and will try to get closer to God. Becoming a prisoner for the sake of Heaven, and for that, going beyond… The teacher is already someone who has put his neck on the line. He is not someone who fears death. Do you know how dangerous this America is?  
The Day of Desired Children  
Do you know that? "Yes."  
On this day, knowing the true Day of Children and keeping the true Day of Children, I hope everyone who wants to be like the teacher in front of God will raise their hands and pledge. I wish for God's blessings to be with you. (Clapping)  
Let’s move towards the Father  
Our fallen humanity is like people in a dark world. I have lost my voice. So, depending on the degree of humanity, according to the level of the heart, the path of restoration is like moving from the darkness of a pitch-black night towards the world of light.  
The heart of fallen humanity that has fallen into darkness  
Everyone, think about yourself in the pitch-black night. Even if you look ahead, it is blocked, and even if you look below, you cannot see. The only thing you can see is the sky. When you look at the sky, you can see the stars. Then, all our aspirations will forget everything around us and head towards those stars. Even if that light is in the sky, I cannot fly in the sky. I cannot go up.  
I cannot go by looking at the stars in the sky. When I cannot go by that as a standard, what do we desire? How grateful would it be if there was something on the plane like a star? What if there were no stars and none of this? What if it were completely dark? You must realize that your heart is in such a situation.  
November 13, 1977, (Sun), Belvedere Training Center.  
* This message is also published in <Words> No. 215.  
Let’s move towards the Father  
In the midst of complete darkness, I do not know the direction. I do not know if this is America, Japan, England, or where. I stand, but I do not know where I am standing… But I cannot just stand still. I must go somewhere. I must do something. If you are in such a situation, how miserable it would be when you realize that!  
If you are standing in such a place, what can your eyes do? What can your eyes do? If you have eyes, what can you do? (Laughter) What can your ears do? The necessity of all our five senses becomes unnecessary. Also, if I exist, what can I do? Would I boast, "Ah! I am the center of heaven and earth"? (Laughter) Have you thought about being in such a position?  
A group seeking the light of hope of a day  
"I must catch something with all my strength. I must catch it." No matter how hard you try, you cannot catch it, and even if you open your eyes, you cannot see, and even if you try to listen with your ears, you cannot hear. Even if you are in such a position, your stomach will be hungry. You say you want to eat? "Yes." In that place, would you shout "Food! Food!"? What do we need there? "Light." In that situation, if any light appears, all five senses will focus on it.  
How strongly will all five senses concentrate? If a bright light, an electric light, or something like a firefly flickers once, all my nerves… (Laughter) My mind, all my nerves, and all my senses will focus uniformly. When it flickers, this is how I feel. (Gesturing. Laughter) It flies away.  
So, then, would you say, "If you want to go, go, I will stay here"? Would you follow? What do you think? Would you sit still, or would you jump up and clench your fists and follow? "I will follow." Do the women here follow?  
"Yes." The men may not, but will the women follow? (Laughter) Regardless of who it is, whether they are good or bad, man or woman, old or young, they will definitely all follow.  
When we think of humanity in such a way, have you ever felt that you are in such a position? I am in the pitch-black night, so that flickering light, not the sunlight, that can guide me, flickers once in 24 hours in the morning… That is already too much. If it flickers once a month and then flickers again a month later, that is also something to be grateful for. If it flickers once on the first day of the lunar new year and then flickers again a year later, that is also something to be grateful for.  
When someone has seen such a light, if that light appears a year later, will they not forget the darkness and wait for that light? Because it is a year later, they will wait for it every day. With all their heart, waiting eagerly, and when it appears a year later, how will they feel when they look at that light? So, if they can catch that light and not let it go, how quickly will they run to catch it? They will not fall behind anyone. Women cannot do that. They will say, "What will I do with that?" Will they stay still or will they go quickly? Will they sit still or will they go quickly? "They will run quickly."  
Think about it. How amazing would that look? "Ah, I am Reverend Moon of the Unification Church, so I must go gracefully." Would they say that? "No." There is no objection to that, right? "Yes." It does not matter if they are black, white, or yellow. It is the same for developed or developing countries.  
How much does such light matter to us fallen humans in darkness? It is because we have fallen. Even in that pitch-blackness, we must keep our eyes wide open to see that light. But what if we close our eyes? (Laughter)  
So, would you like to keep your eyes closed or open? (Laughter) What will you do? "I will keep them open." Even if you cannot see, what will you do? Even if you cannot see, and you do not know when it will appear, will you keep your eyes open for that flicker that happens once a year? "Yes." Then, if the people next to you know that, they will say, "Hey, you fool! When are you going to see that flicker that appears once a year? Close your eyes with me, you foolish one!" They will definitely say that. (Laughter) So, which is normal? Which is comfortable? Which is realistic? "Keeping my eyes closed." (Laughter) That can happen.  
When we look at it this way, among those waiting confidently with their eyes closed in the darkness and those who are struggling with their eyes open, which type of person do you want to be? "I want to be a person who waits anxiously with my eyes open." Even if your eyes are open, when you feel sleepy, and the light flickers and appears, what will you do? (Laughter)  
Looking at today's world, it is just like that. If you look at today's world, it is like this. In this world, they say, "What is the purpose of light, what is the purpose of humanity? What will we do knowing the direction? What will we do knowing the light? We will just live like this." That is exactly the same. Yet, there are still those who struggle to find the light, carrying the hope of that one day, whether it takes a thousand years or ten thousand years. That is religion.  
Moreover, "Now the time of the Second Coming is coming. The bright light of humanity appears in the world of darkness." They are looking with their eyes open, forgetting how the world is. How wonderful is that? There are many people who have eyes but cannot see, and even if they have thoughts, they do not know the direction.  
So, in that darkness, there is religion, and when humanity goes that way, it says, "If you go over the big hill, there is light. Humanity must go this way." On the other hand, communists say, "Oh, that is the opposite. You must go this way. You must go that way. You must go up. You must go down." There are all sorts of things. What do democracies do? What do communists do? What does the Unification Church do? If it cannot be the bright light that can guide the way or provide the right path, it is all in vain, in vain.  
The light of true truth is the love of God  
What did you come here for so early in the morning? Why are you sitting here? Are you sitting here because you are hungry? Are you sitting here because it is hot? "No." Then are you sitting here because it is cold? "No." Why are you here sitting? You do not know which direction is true, whether you should go up, down, this way, or that way. There are many churches, and there are many religions. There are many things that seem true. There is only one true thing, but there are countless false ones.  
When we look at humanity quietly, we find that we have wandered here and there, and our eyes have become numb, our ears have become numb, our noses that smell have become numb, our mouths that taste have become numb, and oh, even our arms have become numb; everything has become numb. My eyes, my ears, and all my senses must be unified, and the path that can lead me as a whole must be found. If there is a way to live feeling intoxicated and joyful, what path is that? It must be a path that not only satisfies my personal life, but also satisfies my family, my tribe, my nation, my world, my heaven and earth, and even God. Where is that path of light? That is the problem.  
That path must exist for humanity to go to a happy world, and for humanity to go to a place where everyone is united. It must be a light that transcends classes and can lead to one destination. What kind of path is that? Is it necessary? "Yes." So, what is that light? What kind of light is it? "It is truth."  
What happens if there is truth? What is that truth? When one is hungry, what is the most truthful thing for a hungry person? It is food. You must give them food, right? What is the truth for a thirsty person? What is it? "Water." For someone who is about to die, the truth is life. When one wants to write, what is the truth at that moment? It is a pen that can write. When one wants to write, do they not need a pen? What is it? The true truth for the ears is to hear true, good sounds. For the nose, it is to smell good scents. Also, when one wants to go to the restroom, the truth is to go and comfortably relieve oneself. (Laughter)  
What is that truth? What is the truth? That is the problem. Of course, you will say, "Ah, it is God." If God exists, what does it matter? God is God, and I am me, so what… Are we going to fight over that? Are we going to debate the truth? Are we going to discuss how you are and how I am regarding the truth? If God exists, is He going to suck on a finger? What is He going to suck on? (Laughter) That is the problem.  
If God exists, it is good just to see God, and it is good for the nose, good for the ears, good for the mouth, and all the senses, heart, and body are good. That is why we need God. What is that? That becomes a problem. What can we say is good? "It is love." What is it? "It is love." What is love? Although we do not know what love is, love cannot exist alone. Just thinking about it is good. Just thinking about it before going to see it is good. Just thinking about it before smelling it is good.  
Love can only be found through a counterpart  
So, do you all like love that much? "Yes." Have you seen love, or not? (Laughter) You cannot see love, but you can see the phenomena of love. Have you seen love? "No, I have not." (Laughter) There is parental love, spousal love, sibling love, and God's love, but have you seen such love? You can see the phenomena of love. It exists.  
So, do you have love inside you, or not? "Yes." Where is it? Is it in your handkerchief trunk, or is it here? (Expressing through actions. Laughter) Where is it? There is no place where it is not. There is no place where it is not. It is in my hair, in my clothes, and it is everywhere. Therefore, anything that a loved one has is precious. Even a single hair from a loved one is something that cannot be traded for anything. Even a handkerchief cannot be exchanged for anything.  
Then, can love be found alone? "No." Where do you find love? "In God." God comes later… (Laughter) If there is no counterpart, there is no love or anything. If the teacher sits alone and says, "Oh, how nice. Oh, how nice," then I am a crazy person. (Laughter) However, looking at this handkerchief, I can think, "Ah, this is well made. Where did it come from? Perhaps it was made by a woman in Korea, or maybe by a woman somewhere in the world, or perhaps it was made by my beloved craftsman, or maybe by my beloved person, or even by God." I can think of all these things and feel happy. (Laughter) You may not see it, but even with a tiny hair, you can sing and do things, and that is normal.  
Is that precious? "Yes." What is the most precious thing for a woman? "A man." (Laughter) That is right. It is a man, a man. There are certainly handsome men, ugly men, and crippled men. There are three types of men: handsome man, ugly man, and crippled man. (Laughter) So, which type do you like? (Laughter) "The first man." Those who say they like the first man are failing. They are failing. (Laughter)  
In the world, if a woman is born and the counterpart is a handsome man, that is one thing, but if it is a crippled man, what will happen? If I am alone and there is a crippled man, what will happen? If there is a crippled man, they will be alone and love…
Can you find love? Even if it’s with that jerk of a man, I have to find love. What should I do? Am I going to find love even if it’s with that jerk, or am I going to say, ‘What can I do by loving that jerk? I don’t need a jerk man’? What will it be? What do you think? “We must find love even if it’s with a jerk.” That’s the problem. It’s not about whether he’s a jerk, an ugly man, or a handsome man; the real issue is how to find love, valuable love, beyond that. You need to understand this.

178 Let’s Move Forward to the Father
True love is loving the very low more than the high.
So, among women, what kind of woman is a true woman? Can we say that a beautiful woman is a true woman? “No.” Why not? (Laughter) Then what is it? Answer me. What is a true woman? Is a true woman someone who has the biggest hands, the prettiest face, the best-looking eyes, and walks in a certain way? (Demonstrating with actions. Laughter) “No.” Then what is it? What do we use to define a true woman, and what do we use to say what is true? Answer me. A woman like me. A woman like me…. What is it? In the morning, does she say, ‘Why don’t you look at my face, which looks like this? Oh, I feel bad’? Is that a true woman? (Laughter) What is a true woman? Is it someone who eats well, spends money well, dances well, sings well, makes people laugh, and is a great comedian? Is that a true woman? Is a woman who goes to the Olympics and wins first place a true woman? What is it? “A woman with true love…” That’s a good answer. A woman with true love is a true woman.

Then what is that true love? The woman who has true love is a real woman, but what is true love? Is it, ‘I must find a true man because I am a woman with true love. I must have a handsome man because I am this beautiful’? “No.” (Laughter) Then is it closer to the truth for a beautiful woman with a handsome face to love a great man to death, or for her to love an ugly jerk man with all her heart? “Loving the jerk man.” Really? Is that true? “Yes.” Are you sure? “Yes.” I can’t believe it. (Laughter) Is it really so? “Yes.”

Do you want to be a true woman or a bad woman? “A true woman.” So, you all want to marry a limping husband, right? “Yes.” (Laughter) This is a big issue. What is true love? Even if you don’t know love, it exists. When we ask what the essence of love is, love that can only love the high is not complete love. True love is the kind of love that can love the low even more than the high.

179 
Why can that be? You need to understand this clearly. It’s the power of love. A person who only desires the high has nowhere to go here. Since love is an action, if it centers on the high, it must go this way. Therefore, a person who says they will love the low more than the high can go on forever. If someone says, ‘Oh, I will only love this,’ that desire to love more is wrong. Do you understand what that means? “Yes.” Then you cannot go on forever. That’s why the concept of eternity comes from the idea of loving the low more than the high.

Now, from this logic, what kind of being is God? If God says, ‘I am the highest, so I can only love beings like myself in the universe,’ then God is a failure. Although He is high, He is the one who struggles to love even those at the bottom of hell more than Himself. So, what kind of God is that? Is it a God who must only love the high, or a God who has the attribute of wanting to love even those at the bottom of hell more than Himself? What is it? “The latter.” Do you understand? “Yes.”

I believe in such a God; I don’t need a God who only loves the high. That’s how I feel. I don’t need that in our Unification Church either. Why does God have to be like that? Because He is an eternal being, and that’s how He is in terms of the principles of love. When we look at this, what kind of person is a true person? A true person is someone who can love their enemies. That’s what I’m saying. Do you understand? “Yes.” Why must it be that way? Because love exists eternally, and it can belong to the eternal principle. Do you understand? “Yes.”

Today, when you go to places like Harvard University, people are well-groomed, with oiled hair and dressed sharply, but are those people true men and true women? “No.” They are all living centered around whom? “Satan.” Such people are failures. They are failures. If we look at them through the lens of true love, they all think they are the highest, disregarding anyone who is less than them based on their academic achievements. Is that a person? They may look like a person, but they are not. They are not. Do you want to marry such a husband? “No.” Even if his hands look like a monkey's and his feet like a bull's, if he is undoubtedly a true person, would you want to marry such a husband? “Yes.” (Laughter) Really? “Yes.” When we look at America, where can we find such people? They are in the countryside, in the countryside. (Laughter) Isn’t that right? “That’s right.” Now you understand that kind of love….

If love can symbolize the heart of the human world and all our happiness and hope, what kind of love should that love be? Humanity wants to go to a place where such love can be found. Isn’t that right? “That’s right.”

The Unification Church teaches to love God and humanity more than oneself.
So, what is the Unification Church trying to do? The Unification Church is a group that says even if you sleep on a cold cement floor, you should practice true love. (Laughter) Isn’t that right? “Yes.” That’s why true love has driven people mad. (Applause) This seems to be an undeniable fact, doesn’t it? Seeing everyone clapping, it seems like a good thought to think that as a citizen of America, one could become the First Lady. Is that a good thought or a bad thought? What is it? “It’s a good thought.” Why is it a good thought? It is a good thought, but even if one becomes the First Lady, one must think of the poor woman sweating among the people who are worse off than oneself. When sitting in that position, one should be able to pray with tears, saying, ‘Oh God, please bless them!’

However, just because you are the First Lady, you shouldn’t dress in the best clothes and wear the best rings, going around like that. (Demonstrating with actions. Laughter) Even if you wear a diamond ring, you should be embarrassed that others might see it, and even if you wear nice clothes, you should be embarrassed that others might see you in them. You should be a First Lady like that. Do you understand? “Yes.” Why must it be that way? Because you are in the position of a parent, in the position of a national mother, and there is a heart of love in that position. Does that seem right or not? “It seems right.” That doesn’t seem certain. “It’s right!” You answered.

Now, let’s look at our Unification Church. Reverend Moon has become a subject of controversy in America. Is Reverend Moon a true person or a false person? “A true person.” That’s a lie. “No, it’s not.” Do you think I’m a high-level con artist? You guys! “No, that’s not true.” (Laughter) You don’t know. No one knows. How can you know? How do you know?

Here, compared to the small group of Unification Church members, there are hundreds of millions, 240 million people who say I am worse than a mafia scammer. (Laughter) What kind of person do you think I am? I don’t know what is true or what is false. I don’t need to know the principles of the Unification Church. Isn’t that right? Whether it’s true or false doesn’t matter, but one thing is certain: Reverend Moon teaches to love humanity more than oneself and to love God more than oneself while striving to do so. If you like that, it cannot be false. Do you think so? “Yes.” Do you truly love the teacher? “Yes.”

What you are doing right now, the teacher and God dislike. You must go out into the world, into the satanic world, and love more than what you love here. You must work. “Don’t sleep, you guys! Go to the ends of the earth, not just America, but go to Africa, you guys!” Then are you going to curse the teacher as you go? “We will go willingly.” Really? “Yes.” How much will you love? More than that. You must love more than the teacher, more than God. That’s all I ask. I don’t ask for more than that. A person who does that will surely pass through the teacher’s inner room safely and also through God’s inner room safely. As far as I know, there is no place in heaven that such a person cannot go. I have seen that with my own eyes and I know it.

Why is that? Because they lived with all the essence of love that God wanted to establish and to love. Therefore, the one who emerges as the protagonist of the world of essential love is a principle. Do you understand? “Yes.”

A person who loves humanity as they love God is a saint.
What do you think God’s eyes look like? (Laughter) Does God have eyes that look up like ours or look down? Where does He look? Where does He gaze? “He looks below.” Then where is that? “To hell.” You guys, your test scores are only 30 points. (Laughter) You need to understand that God looks toward the bottom of hell. That’s the kind of God He is. A God who looks only at the high is not needed for us humanity. He is a God who looks toward the bottom of hell. How can we raise those people to the same level as us…

That’s why even those in hell, while suffering, are seeking God. Why? Because God has come out through history, and it is so honorable that He thinks that way that they are embarrassed but still want to return to that God.

Today, the established church says, ‘Ah, those who do not believe in God will be judged, and the Lord will come and send them all to hell, and only we Christians will go to heaven.’ These are the most wicked people. Then there is no God. From what I know of God’s content, such a God cannot exist. Regardless of doctrine, whether it’s wrong or not, it doesn’t matter. The only conclusion is that if there is someone who argues that God must liberate even hell, then that person can align with God’s heart.

If you believe that and love like that, even if everyone tries to go to hell, they cannot. Surely, there will be a corresponding, opposite heaven created. It’s the opposite. It’s definitely the opposite. Do you understand? “Yes.” Even if you don’t know all the principles, even if you don’t know all 66 books of the Bible, a person who represents God’s side to liberate hell and lives for humanity madly will surely go to the highest heaven. It doesn’t matter if you don’t know the principles or the 66 books of the Bible. The principle of going to heaven is simple.

Now, try dying. Go see if Reverend Moon lied or spoke the truth in the spiritual world. Do you understand? “Yes.” Do you think so? “Yes.” What kind of person is a filial child? Let’s find out if that’s true or not. What kind of person is a filial child? ‘Father and mother, I love you. Oh, I love you. I love you all. But I fight with my siblings.’ Is that a filial child? “No.” Do you understand? That mother would say, ‘A filial child is one who loves their siblings more than they love me.’ Is that right? “That’s right.” Is that really so? “Yes.” This principle is simple. If humanity believes this principle and loves with their lives, heaven on earth cannot help but be realized. Do you think that’s true or not? Isn’t that right? “That’s right.”

Then what is a patriot? A true patriot is someone who loves and respects the king but also loves and cares for the people, and then loves the king. That’s a true loyal subject! Is that correct? “Yes.” No, that’s wrong. It’s wrong. “That’s right.” It’s wrong, you guys. “That’s right.”

Then what is the greatest of saints? The same formula applies. A saint is someone who lives for God. That’s why Buddha, Muhammad, and Jesus are all saints; they all acknowledged God. They lived centered around God. Then how did they live? They lived for humanity as they loved God, for humanity. A person who says they will live for God is a saint, a saint. Is that correct or not? “That’s correct.”

Why did Jesus pray for his enemies while carrying the cross? Because God loves them, and since God loves them, Jesus had to love even those enemies whom God loves more than Himself, so even in the place of death, Jesus loved them more than God and returned to the embrace of heaven. That’s why he is the greatest saint, the greatest saint.

Christianity, which has inherited that tradition, should love humanity more than loving Jesus and should love humanity more than loving God, but it has failed to do so, and that’s why it is doomed. It should have been a church that could be with God forever, a religion, but why is Christianity declining today? Because it has deviated from this principle. Therefore, you need to understand that God will strike and break it. It will perish. Do you understand?

No matter how much revival pastors and theologians oppose Reverend Moon, they need to realize that they are perishing. Do you understand? “Yes.” They are on the path to destruction. Now, I see that there is no way to survive except to follow the principles that Reverend Moon speaks of. Do you think that’s right? “Yes.” If you have just this one principle, it’s not difficult to achieve heaven on earth. Do you understand or not? “I understand.” Are you sure you understand? “Yes.” Are you more certain than when you eat when you’re hungry? “Yes.” You should understand even more clearly than when you sleep when you want to sleep. If you don’t understand, raise your hand. That’s not a person. Did you all understand? Do you understand? Raise your hands if you understand. If you understand, put it into practice. I will drive you with a stick.

I tell you, ‘Don’t work because of Reverend Moon, don’t work because of the Unification Church, work for humanity.’ I teach you to love humanity more than the Unification Church, more than Reverend Moon. Reverend Moon does not work for the Unification Church. He does not work for our church. He works for humanity and God. He does not work for the Unification Church. Do you understand? 

The secret to connecting with God and the world is love. 
Those who have left the Unification Church after being persecuted and have fallen away oppose the Unification Church.
You must understand that humanity and God will be judged. Those who have fallen away oppose the Unification Church. Opposing the Unification Church does not mean that the Unification Church is judging; rather, humanity is judging, and God is judging. 

Why? Because the Unification Church works for God and humanity. The Unification Church does this even if it remains silent. God and humanity... 

Right now, Reverend Moon and the Unification Church are subjects of controversy, but when you look at the people of the Unification Church, they are just like ordinary people. These kids... They all know that they are struggling and running away to make excuses for themselves. They are saying they can't endure the hardship. They know this fact, right? Even if they live their whole lives in a frenzy and die without a penny, surely God's messenger will come and take them to heaven. Even if they die on the roadside... 

What I know about heaven, God, Jesus Christ, and the traditional thoughts of Christianity is this. That's all I know. There is nothing beyond that. Now, is it easy to establish the kingdom on earth? Is it easy? Is it easy or hard? "It's hard." Then do you understand? It's hard, but do you understand? "Yes." So now you have come to the conclusion that you have understood the purpose of God's love in this dark hellish world and the direction of love. If you look towards that light, there is no despair; the deeper you go, the deeper the love that accompanies you. Even if you become a prisoner, God is with you. Even if you find yourself in a lonely place, God is with you. Wherever you go, God is with you. 

How many excellent pastors or leaders are there in America compared to me? Why do you follow Reverend Moon, who is a subject of controversy? Why do you follow him? Why? Just go away. "No." (Laughter) If you tell them to go away, they will circle around and come back in. (Laughter) Why is that? Is it because they like it or dislike it? "They like it." They may not know it, but even when they feel exhausted, when they meet the teacher, they feel energized. Isn't that strange? Is it? "Yes." If that's the case, raise your hands. This is a phenomenon. (Laughter) 

Now, this is something that follows you wherever you go. It follows you everywhere. I have no private time at all. They all stick with me wherever I go. (Laughter) Not only that, but at the same time, there is no one in the world who doesn't know me. 

When I went to the Alabama valley this time, someone looked at me and said, "Aren't you Reverend Moon?" This is a big deal wherever you go in America. Can you live with this? (Laughter) Can you live with this? People may oppose me for some reason, but they are still interested. When I go to Korea, they make a fuss in Korea, and when I go to Japan, the Japanese government makes a fuss, and the same goes for England and Germany; everywhere I go, I am a source of trouble, a source of trouble. (Laughter, applause) 

Why is that? So, what does your blue eyes have to do with my black eyes? Love! The love that Westerners have is of a different quality. (Laughter) Doesn't that feel bad? If it doesn't feel bad, then it doesn't feel bad. Regardless of how the eyes look or how the face looks, if that’s the case, ha ha ha... (Laughter) Now you understand. Did you understand, or not? "I understood." You kids, when you go to hell, you won't be able to ask, "Teacher, why didn't you teach me clearly?" There is a key to heaven here. 

Therefore, the Unification Church will develop globally in the future. No matter how much you think about it, this is the only theory, and this is the only secret that connects to the world. No matter how many philosophers there are, how many scholars there are, how many theologians there are, and how many pastors there are, if they do not bring forth this principle, heaven on earth will never be established. Therefore, those who bring forth this principle will be able to receive God's salvation. This conclusion can be drawn. 

Let’s think about it. Even while eating, or while walking, you can realize that the teacher's words are correct. Even if you wake up while sleeping and think about it, or even if you think about it while dozing off, or even if you think about it after death, it will still be the same. (Laughter) Even if you ask God what He thinks, He will say the same. Those who have loved both heaven and hell... The first in history to advocate for the liberation of hell and God is none other than Reverend Moon's Munism. Do you understand? "Yes." (Laughter, applause) Good. 

When you go out and are opposed, if someone calls you a Moonie, you should think of Moonism. Always think of that. When you do that, even if you are opposed, you will feel different. Do you understand? Now, look. If this is set up like this, it will quickly come here. (While writing) You must know that those who opposed will quickly return. That is certain. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Think about it. What difference is there between you and those people? When you entered here, did you come with your mouth open saying, "Ah, Reverend Moon..." and looking for him? Aren't you the same? You are the same, right? Were you or were you not? "We were." So, did you repent or not? Raise your hand if you repented! Therefore, knowing that... If you repent and forgive that person, you can be forgiven in place of your repented self. Do you understand? "Yes." Did you not know, or did you know? "I understood." 

Time has passed a lot. Your butt must be hurting, and your back must be hurting... (Laughter) In a sense, the unfortunate people have come here. They are like the lame. They are like the lame. (Laughter) But if it is true love, it fills and overflows all my shortcomings. 

Even if I die, your heart will say, "I don't know if Reverend Moon is a bad person or what kind of person he is, but he is the person I like the most. This is for sure." Is that right? "Yes." Raise your hand if you think otherwise. Let’s see how many people are there. 

On the days when you can't eat or sleep and shed tears because you want to see me, and when you struggle to meet me, the saints and the spirit world will cooperate. This is a strange truth. Do you understand? "Yes." This cannot be conquered by atomic bombs or any means. Now, God cannot separate this either. If God tries to separate it, in the end, God Himself will be drawn in. Those who have not experienced being a member of the Unification Church do not know this. 

Recently, what should come after being a Moonie? "A Sunie!" Why? Because you can love God and receive God's love directly. So, do you have the ability to go to heaven or not? "Yes." When you go out to evangelize and face opposition, you should think, "Oh, this is for me to receive a personal certificate of passing, a social certificate of passing, a national certificate of passing, and a global certificate of passing. It is to receive Satan's certificate of passing." You should think this way. 

Now, Reverend Moon is opposed by the whole world and the United States, but I think of it as a recovery process where I am receiving a receipt that the whole world cannot receive and a receipt that the American people cannot receive. If I am true, then I am receiving a reward that the American people cannot receive; if I am true, then I am receiving a reward that all of humanity cannot receive. This is certain, right? "Yes." (Applause) 

True religion is correct and conquers. Look. The world opposes me, but I have already been saying this for decades. The democratic world must unite and oppose me completely. If they do not accept, opposing is the principle. When is that time? The highest decisive moment was in 1976. (While writing) That's right, isn't it? "That's right." It was the Washington Conference. From there, Reverend Moon has surpassed. Do you think so? "Yes." 

These days, videos about the Washington Conference and Dr. Son Tak's book have come out... They come and... Somehow, there is a big fuss now. The opposition parents' groups are doing deprogramming and whatever, and when the ruling came down in the San Francisco Superior Court, they collapsed completely. (Cheers, applause) Now, look. After that, the term brainwash... Do you know? "Yes." Even if the Washington Post and the New York Times criticize me, I remain calm. I will sue, I will sue. (Laughter) Now it has become that way, hasn't it? "Yes." 

Recently, a newspaper reporter said, "If we evaluate the cost of Reverend Moon's controversy in America, it exceeds 300 million dollars." That's what they said in America. Worldwide, it will be worth billions of dollars. If we were to pay for the space of controversy... We may have lost that money, but we have earned more than that. Why is that? Because the Unification Church has crossed over all at once globally. If this had not happened, even if I died, it would be impossible for thousands of years. Do you understand? "Yes." That’s how I think. (Applause) 

So, if we send missionaries to each country in advance, how many people in the Unification Church will be opposed? It’s a fuss over a few people. A few people cause the country to be in turmoil. Do you understand? Because three people are opposed, in the end, everyone will not oppose and just pass by. How great is that? Even though Satan said he was doing his work, Reverend Moon has historically done so well that they say, "Oh my goodness! Oh dear!" That’s how it becomes. So, persecution is a blessing, isn’t it? "It is a blessing." Those who hit me will have to pay for the damages once they realize that I am innocent. In any country, they are all under the condition to pay for damages to me. Do you understand? "Yes." 

True religion is correct and conquers, it takes over. Jesus also took over the world. All the saints sacrificed and later inherited. There is no truth that the world of Satan likes. The truth emerges from where the world of Satan opposes, and the historical development can be brought forth from the group that is chased and opposed; this is a historical fact. 

In my lifetime, I am opposed globally more than any religious leader. Even the communist world opposes me. Living like this, being opposed globally is likely the first for Reverend Moon. Is this a fact? "Yes." 

Therefore, if the Unification Church is real, it is truly real; if it is not real, it is truly a den of demons. (Laughter) However, when you listen to the words this morning, this cannot be Satan. Is that right, everyone? "Yes." Until just a few days ago, just a few months before entering, you were all children of Satan, right? But now, just a few months after entering the Unification Church, is that so? "Yes." Really? "Yes." How so? The Bible says, "You will know the truth, and the truth will set you free." You have been liberated. Do you understand? "Yes." Now you understand. Through knowledge, through confidence, the past crumbles away. Do you understand? 

Be confident. Look. Even in a position where you could commit murder, if you firmly decide not to, you will gain a good person who does not commit murder. Now you understand. 

To go before God, you must love the world and be willing to face death. 

Today's title is "Let’s Go Before the Father." Let’s go before God. The question is how to go before God. Right? How do I know the teacher, how do I know God, and how do I go before God? This is the practical issue. Do you understand? "Yes." You cannot just go before the Father from this position. You cannot go. You can only go if you love the world as much as you love God and the True Parents. You may descend into the world, but even if it seems like you are going to hell, you are going in the opposite direction. There is no need to return. It goes automatically. Do you understand? "Yes." You cannot go to heaven from here. Only those who have passed through hell and overcome hell can go to heaven. 

Jesus came to this earth and died on the cross because He had the responsibility to confront and overcome the enemy. Therefore, you must understand that He could not help but pray for blessings for the enemy. All the saints sacrificed their lives for the world during chaotic times filled with sin. 

I have not met anyone in the spirit world who was a well-believed pastor. They only spoke but did not act. They only spoke, not acted. Because I know that, Reverend Moon is now running at the forefront for you. Do you have any objections to this? "No." 

Therefore, if you want to get closer to the Father, you must practice through action and love the world more than Reverend Moon. Those who are willing to face death will already be in the royal palace of heaven. Do not think about going to heaven. You must say, "Heaven belongs to God. I will make hell into heaven." That is what the Unification Church wants to do. What do we want to do? Why did Reverend Moon buy the New Yorker Hotel? Why did he buy the missionary headquarters on 8th Avenue in New York, a den of prostitutes? He bought it to turn the hell of the earth, New York, into a base for heaven. Do you understand? "Yes." If you cannot do this, you cannot go to the heavenly kingdom. 

Now, wise young men of the Unification Church! Wise young women! You might say, "Oh, there’s no need to listen to the teacher’s words. Let’s live moderately." You might think, "Entering the Unification Church in my youth, I’m getting old. What is this? When I entered, my palms were like this, and my face was beautiful, but what is this outfit? I look like a beggar. Oh dear!" You might think that, but did you think you would be fundraising or selling peanuts when you graduated from college? It’s hell, hell. It’s upside down. (Laughter) It is surprising. It is surprising. We must be grateful while making this noise. Only by being able to pierce through the bottom of hell can you become a marathon runner of heaven and a champion of the marathon. Now you understand clearly? "Yes." 

Therefore, the more you go out... Where is the way for me to get closer to the Father? You must know that the way of true love is here. At the crossroads of tears, at the crossroads of death, at the crossroads where life and death are decided, you will feel God's love. If you find yourself in such a place, do not be discouraged there. Do not think, "Oh, how can I go?" Just think about how to jump into the embrace of God's love. 

The disciples who were watching Jesus walking on the Sea of Galilee doubted, but when Jesus called them teacher, Peter said, "Let me walk like you, teacher." When Jesus said, "Okay," he walked without even thinking about the water, forgetting everything, and must jump into the place of God's heart. On days of doubt, you will sink into the water. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you know the way to go before God? "Yes."
192   Let’s Move Forward to Our Father
Let me ask you something. When I say, ‘The teacher will speak here today, at East Garden, at Belvedere,’ you think, ‘Oh, I have to go.’ But when I say, ‘Oh, the teacher is not here today,’ you think, ‘Oh, I don’t have to go.’ Is that right? ‘Since the teacher is not here, I should go more.’ Is that what you think? “It’s the latter.” 
So, are you good people or bad people? “We are good people.” What does it mean to be good? “Yes.” When the teacher is not here, do you work harder? “Yes.” Is that really true? Really? (Laughter) Now I understand. When parents are not around, the one who looks after the house more diligently in place of the parents is a filial child, and when there is no king in the country, the one who takes care of the people is a loyal subject, and the one who claims to take better care of the world than God is a saint. Do you understand this clearly? “Yes.” 
Walk the path of filial piety, loyalty, and sainthood to become a candidate for the Son of God
When the teacher says to do this, you go, ‘Oh!’ and start saying something else. (Imitating. Laughter) The person who regards the teacher’s words as God’s words is the one who goes to heaven. Even if the one giving the orders is bad, the one who does more than that… Do you understand? “Yes.” If you understand this principle, then when the teacher dies, you should work harder than when the teacher is alive, not think, ‘Oh, since the teacher is gone, I should retreat.’ Is that what you should think? “You should work harder.” That’s why even if Reverend Moon dies, the heavenly kingdom on earth will be established based on this principle. Who will do it? “I will.” You understand it clearly.
I have invested all my wealth, my life, and everything I have into America. It feels like hell here. For Reverend Moon, it is hell. Isn’t that right? Everything is against me, yet I pour everything into this. I make you, my beloved ones, suffer. For what? It’s not to make me suffer. I push you to suffer for them. That’s why only we can become the masters. I understand that clearly. “Yes.”
When you face difficulties, the teacher will appear spiritually and teach you everything. Do you know that? “Yes.” It’s a dreamlike reality. Only there can you receive the true love of God, the true love of true parents, the true glory of true children, and the true glory of the prince of the heavenly kingdom. How can someone who has become like that go to hell? Even if you get tired while going this way, since you are in the position of a filial child, a loyal subject, and a saint, will God, who is your parent and king, come to you or leave you alone? You must know that the longer the path is, the greater the filial piety and loyalty. Loyalty is great, and filial piety is great. 
Does that seem like a fact? Is it a fact? “It is a fact.” It is a fact, a fact. Until now, you didn’t know, but now you understand clearly. This means that your five senses understand clearly. I, who have crashed into a reef, can now run towards the bright heavenly kingdom. Seeing the light in the darkness, I must think about how fast I can unite emotionally to unify the universe and conquer the world. Do you understand? “Yes.”
You must be faster than a bullet. Will you be or not? “We will.” The heart must be faster. Because the body does not obey, the heart must be faster. Is that how it should be or not? “That’s how it should be.”
So, will it result in a loss or a profit? Will it be a loss or a profit? “It will be a profit.” Yes, the Unification Church will profit, Reverend Moon will profit. What about it? Who is it? “It’s me.” It’s me, me. But who do you complain to? This is the question, to whom do you complain? The American people complain about me, but I do it because of me, because of me.
To become one with the world means to become a candidate for the Son of God, a candidate, a candidate. It means to be number one. Do you understand? “Yes.” Do you understand it clearly? “Yes.” Let’s ask the person next to you who is dozing off. Did you understand? (Laughter) So, did everyone understand or not? “We understood.”
Now that you understand, will you act or not? Will you try or not? “We will.” Let those who are determined to do so raise their hands. I will close my eyes. May God’s blessing be upon you! (Applause) *
8)
The Pursuit of Absolute Values in a Changing World
Chairperson, distinguished scholars, and scientists! I am pleased to welcome you to the 6th International Conference on Science and Unity. 
Among you, there may be those who have attended this conference in the past and have become familiar with each other, as well as those who are participating for the first time. In any case, every time we meet, we have a new opportunity to exchange honest opinions on the tasks of this conference amid the rapidly changing global situation.
As a religious leader and a scientist, I have long been interested in the issues of science, religion, and philosophy. I believe that such interest has led to the holding of several international conferences on scientific unity. Regardless of whether one person is pursuing some content about eternity or another person is observing some fact, I believe there is a relationship among the different fields of study.
In fact, it is impossible to recognize any fact that is created within time and space without a relationship to a transcendent reality. Religion and philosophy have long dealt with abstract and moral issues that occupy human conscience. Where did we come from? Why is there suffering? What is good and evil? Is there really an afterlife? Questions like these are posed to all people, regardless of our academic issues. 
Science is limited to understanding the regularities of the universe and the objects within time and space. As we know well, science has made remarkable progress over the past several hundred years. However, science without an established value system can only be destructive. The possibility of nuclear war indicates this. Therefore, this conference will address the relationship between science and value standards, just as past conferences have done.
In my opinion, from theology to physics, all knowledge is meaningless if one does not know its purpose and direction. And the pursuit of value standards is precisely the pursuit for this purpose.
In this common exploration, all knowledge from different fields is related to each other. In fact, true knowledge cannot have contradictions. Clearly, advancements in one field significantly impact research in other fields.
The difficult discoveries in the scientific community in this century have greatly influenced the thinking and actions of people engaged in other fields of research. For example, the principles of relativity and agnosticism, even if they have caused many misunderstandings, have undoubtedly had an impact.
Thus, knowledge in various research fields is related to each other, but scholars tend to become fixated on their own research fields. Extreme specialization provides knowledge that has very little significance to anyone other than the individual pursuing it. The joy of discovery makes scholars want to share their findings in a way that others in different fields can understand.
We must learn to be happy to listen to the opinions of others to ensure that our knowledge does not become superficial and uncertain. Religious people, in particular, have been threatened by the advancement of science since the Renaissance. However, how can those who call themselves religious solve the problems of hunger, disease, aging, and inadequate food, clothing, and shelter without understanding the developing knowledge and science? Certainly, science has made significant contributions toward these purposes.
On the other hand, in contemplating the mystery and wonder of humanity and the universe, both religion and science have sought to explain the causes that brought the universe and humanity into existence through inspiration, logic, and observation. Such contemplation about our origins and purpose has continued because we, as humans, are always human, and it has also formed our unending energy source.
In this sense, the cosmologists and biologists of the 20th century are related to the concerns of theologians and philosophers.
When contemplating humanity and the wonders of this world, we cannot ignore the economic and political content and meaning. Humans possess the qualities of love, goodness, and beauty, and the potential for their expression. However, today, many nations and governments regard us humans merely as animals with economic value.
Sometimes, when people express opinions that differ from the government’s, the government persecutes the citizens. Unfortunately, anarchists and violent extremists are trying to destroy democracy with terrible violence. Even as we attempt to establish standards of value in this conference hall, we must remember that there are political and social realities that threaten values such as justice, freedom, and human dignity, as well as the creative development of humanity.
Your ideas and discoveries as scholars significantly influence not only the students you directly teach but also the government, mass media, and social trends. Therefore, you bear a significant responsibility to improve the conditions of humanity and the world in which we live.
It is very important for all of you attending this conference to recognize the value of the discoveries and advancements brought about by your various studies. Thus, we must be able to understand a better future. The theme of this year’s conference is ‘The Pursuit of Absolute Values in a Changing World.’
I hope that your research and scholarship will yield excellent results for the theme of this conference. Please feel free to express all that you believe. Such an atmosphere will create a very meaningful gathering. Finally, I would like to thank all of you for attending to address numerous topics over the next three days. I hope this conference brings you a rich experience. Thank you. *
9)
Our Responsibility for World Restoration
What you must understand is that since our will is a global will, how to move this world is an important issue that the teacher always cannot overlook. You must understand this.
Connecting scholars and students is essential to save the world
No matter how much we lay a global foundation, even if half of the 4 billion people believe in the Unification Church, or even if 3 billion people believe, we cannot create one world. Among the remaining quarter, there will certainly be many scholars and people from all intellectual circles. So, when the three-quarters and the one-quarter fight, we cannot help but think about who will win. Ultimately, it is a common and factual conclusion that the three-quarters will lose to the one-quarter.
Who moves this world? Scholars move it. It is not politicians who move it. The people who play a leading role in establishing the policies of that country are all famous professors. The experts in their fields are professors. Isn’t that right? The policy implementers are all those who adjust the programs based on their brains.
When we look at scholars and students, the scholars are at the forefront, and the students are all behind in this era. We must connect them to become the backbone. They are the backbone. Therefore, if we do not connect them, even if we save the world, we will lose it, that’s how I see it.
That’s why until now, the Unification Church has tried to connect them despite facing opposition, but there has been no way to connect them. We do not have a university, nor do we have a foundation for that. So, we had no choice but to engage in activities that could connect them. However, such things are not easy. Moreover, the person leading the Unification Church, Reverend Moon, has become a subject of controversy worldwide, so connecting them is not an easy task.
Seeing all that, I have already thought about my future activities in America. I thought that if I do not establish a stop work authority that can be equalized in the academic world, it would be a big problem. So, I set it for seven years, seven years. It will be in a state of suspension for seven years. This work cannot be done with money alone; it must be done with a heart that loves the world. It will also require enormous funds. Why must Reverend Moon lead this? Because I have taken on that responsibility. So, I must connect them anyway.
The effect of the founding of the World Newspaper and the International Journalists Conference
Next, like arms, what will stir up public opinion in this society and direct its course is the media, the media. I believe that if the professor-centered scientists’ conference develops, the following meetings will be easier. This year, because we have established the World Newspaper, it is possible. We established the World Newspaper and started the International Journalists Leadership Conference. Some may have heard that it successfully concluded, but it was the first attempt, and it succeeded. Even the leftist newspapers of the Japanese Communist Party said, ‘That conference was very interesting and successful.’ They say, ‘Because Reverend Moon is doing this, he will surely divide the media worldwide.’ (Laughter)
So, those who came here hope that everyone will attend next year’s conference in New York upon hearing the rumors. One thing that surprised those who attended was, ‘Is Reverend Moon doing this World Newspaper?’ Everyone was surprised. (Laughter) ‘The Reverend Moon, who we could criticize and attack without any reaction, has such a foundation in the media?’ they say. If the people in Asia had a newspaper in Tokyo, they would have already bowed their heads in agreement.
Now, I believe that both you and the European members, as well as all those who have come and gone, will find good people to connect with and spread the word. So, next year, a considerable number will gather.
So, Michael! Quickly contact all the missionaries and let them introduce everyone who has come and gone so that famous people can attend next year’s New York conference. Then, many will come next year. If many come, who will hold the conference? It will be News World.
Well... then your eyes will roll back. (laughs) Who has to do it with whose money? 
With Moonie's money... and without any outsiders, just with our skills... 
Just like we did in Tokyo, we will do it here with our skills.
Now, everyone who came from Tokyo to New York sees young and inexperienced people in their 20s and under 30s doing it. Think about that. (laughs) So those people think, "We are well-known people in our 50s and 60s, but we will all die soon... and these people who are discussing with us on equal footing are moving these international competitions, so this movement will soon dominate the media." Anyone can think that.
So, if they started thinking about us at the first competition, when they attend the second competition, they will realize, "Wow! This place is..." 
So our media organizations should call all the people who have come and gone with our professors and say, "In order for our scientific conference to develop globally, we need to mobilize all journalists, so since you know everyone here, please make a call." So now, through world-renowned scientists, we are making connections. If Michael goes to England, he can gather British scholars and completely gather British media. That will definitely happen. Then, how great will the influence be in England due to one person named Michael? This Michael is Reverend Moon's subordinate, so he is already influenced. (laughs) So it can be done in Germany and in every country.
So, we will hold it in London the year after next. We could even create a newspaper in London. This is a "dream within a dream, a realization of ideals" for journalists, and it will be revealed immediately. Everyone thinks that way. That is the ideal. It is the ideal.
Scholars and journalists must unite to correct the direction of the democratic world. 
Then what will happen to the media? The media can be completely unified. Look, our News World is quietly getting calls from the New York Times to be friends. However, our World Daily in Tokyo is poking at the New York Times about what incidents happened and what events were reported. If both places poke at it, the New York Times will definitely respond. If it happens three times, it becomes a global issue. The New York Times is not a problem. No matter how newly we start, the New York Times is not a problem.
Also, think about how much influence it will have on policy and politics. As you all know, Tokyo is the hub for all reporting of AP and UPI in the Asian region, New York is the central hub for North and South America, and London is the hub for Europe. So if we do that, it becomes a big issue.
Now, if we create our own news agency, detailed reports will come in from 120 countries by region. Since we have our mission department and our members in each country, we can place experts in economics, culture, politics, and all aspects to gather information and send it to one place. No one can compete with that data.
And think about this, how many correspondents did the Washington Post send this time? They sent 38. They sent 38 and are making a big deal out of it.
Now, how many countries do we go to? How many countries? 127 countries. 
And people from Tokyo, America, and Europe, who have economic power and political influence, are going out. Those people have ways to connect with the Asian region, the European region, and the American region. Because they gather all the information, they can collect three-dimensional content at any time.
Even now, there are several people working as substitute reporters for AP and UPI. They are making requests. If they just meet that standard, international journalists will not only be interested in the direction our Unification Church is aiming for, but they will also be completely surrounded and cannot help but be drawn in. If the media does not set a new direction, they will be completely led by the communist world. If they do not set a direction, it will be a big problem.
Journalists must involve scholars to investigate and report on their specialized fields. Scholars are thinkers, and journalists are presenters. They are both like that. This means they will completely unite. The establishment of policies is done by scholars, while journalists stimulate and influence all social directions and advancements. This journalist organization is an interesting organization. They can go anywhere to investigate...
So in the future, media organizations will rank all based on famous journalists, regarding international media standards. They will evaluate global media, starting from these international meetings. Impure newspapers will not be recognized as newspapers at all. Leftist newspapers will be critically examined.
So at each of these conferences, we must identify which newspapers are excellent this year and which are the worst, and correct the direction. If we do this, we will gain strength and support in our actions.
We need to create a global lawyer association to move the legal field.
So what do we need to do? We need to gather people in the legal field, people from the global legal community. From that perspective, who is usually an authoritative figure? Usually, it is lawyers. Most judges and prosecutors become lawyers. We will connect all the famous lawyers, globally renowned lawyers, to create a global lawyer association and advance our business to a global stage. By doing so, we can re-investigate and verify all public trials or criminal cases judged in that country, creating an organization that can investigate like a media organization, which will open the way to enter even the Soviet Union and its satellite countries. Then, the lawyers within the Soviet Union will know very well how those cases will conclude.
So we will center around those famous lawyers and conduct a movement to confess any illegal actions they have taken in handling cases on behalf of the government. By doing this, we can easily make the Communist Party confess as well.
And what kind of system will we create in the future? All criminals, main perpetrators, will be able to use both domestic lawyers and international lawyers. They will be able to use both. When that happens, we can completely dismantle all negative systems and dictatorial systems in the world. Such an era will definitely come in the near future.
In the 2000s, if one insists on borders, they will end up isolated. Why? Because the world will enter a daily living sphere, a daily living sphere. This will happen in the near future. When we look towards that future, having a foundation through legal professionals in the international judicial field will become a basis for controlling all international backgrounds.
So now, I want to connect with famous lawyers in America, lawyers more famous than Bohee, famous lawyers from each state... Since all lawyers are close, they will feel responsible to protect all our matters with their lives. Since they are all friends, let’s build a foundation for future international organizations through them.
We have a background of scholars, and we can move journalists. So let’s mobilize all intellectuals internationally so that excellent lawyers from that country can join us. Under this plan, if we create an international lawyer association and advocate for transnational justice through lawyers from countries that have joined nationally, this will be welcomed by the state itself, the citizens, and all global citizens. Only a few sovereigns, dictatorial sovereigns will oppose it, but overall, it will be welcomed.
Now, when the opposition against me in America ends, I will be able to meet any politician, lawyer, or anyone freely. After that, I will start this. By depositing millions or tens of millions of dollars in the lawyer association and giving salaries higher than the highest earners in America, we can bring them in easily.
To move the famous people of the world, we need to build an economic foundation.
Professors, journalists... (the recording briefly cuts out) If we just do this... Then, if we have an economic foundation to support this, we can do anything. I need to make money to build an economic foundation. I need to generate money.
Right now, the communists are focusing on contacting professors, journalists, and the legal field to dominate the world. That’s all there is to it. Those people are really clever.
That’s why the political presidents are all just puppets, puppets. Those who become president every four years are all just passing by. Politicians, there’s no need to worry about them; they change anyway. We can move the masses and teach them as much as we want.
So, by securing a certain number, thousands of people, I will guarantee their economic and living conditions... If I just build an economic foundation to operate for the world, I will start serious actions. Do you understand? Do you understand why money is needed? "Yes." So I am preparing this in one place now. Here, I am making money to match it.
And journalists can also influence us. That’s why I need to create a university to have an impact, influence through media, and then create a lawyer association... We will control all the smart people in the world. Then we can create a complete system that allows us to drive the world. Do you think that will happen? "Yes."
That’s why I think about these issues, looking 10 or 20 years ahead, starting now to align everything. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." When you go to that region, meet famous professors and journalists.
What comes next? Famous lawyers in the legal field will come when we have a case. Because they keep getting hit, they cannot avoid seeking famous lawyers. When Satan opposes us, on one hand, we face opposition, but on the other hand, we are planning strategies to lay the foundation for our intentions.
Who will lead these efforts? I am looking for someone who can do that. That lawyer Mark? "It's Barb." It would be nice if someone like Barb could do it, but his personality is a bit stubborn. On the other hand, if he says, "If you give me some training, I will do it," that would be good, but he is not there yet. He has his own life view and thinks, "I have to do it this way." That’s all he thinks. (laughs) I am looking at all of you now and wondering, "What can I use them for?" Don’t you think about that? "Yes."
Currently, I see that one person has to take responsibility for ten people. If one person takes responsibility for ten people, they can manage an environment ten times larger. The time will come when the Unification Church will be seen positively. There will come a time when no one can help but believe in the Unification Church. It will come in the near future. It will come anyway. (the recording briefly cuts out)
Look, right now you are thinking, "Oh, it would be nice if there were no opposition. Oh, when will this not be a subject of controversy?" But that is a misunderstanding. It is absolutely not like that. It is absolutely not. Look at this. Even if journalists are attacking Reverend Moon from all sides, from the State Department, the IRS, and everywhere, Reverend Moon... If he were an ordinary person, he would have run away by now. He could run away easily, but he is sitting there firmly and making progress. Young people see this at first and think, "Wow, this person is crazy," but as time goes on, they see that it is not leading to destruction but to development, and they think, "Wow! I want to do that too." (laughs) You need to understand that this is the result of a strategy that can concentrate interest. "To lead the world, we need someone like that." Do you think so? "Yes." Those over 50 easily lose interest, but the younger generation coming up... (the recording briefly cuts out)
You need to know that we are running to jump over our walls. (laughs) We are running to get over our walls... Such things are happening. It will definitely happen.
Then, all sorts of people from society, all classes, all young people will come, but who will manage that? Am I going to do it all alone? These days, I am also researching how to guide the young people of Las Vegas in the future. Right? The people who go to the casino must also be guided by me. I need to manage people from all fields. Don’t you think about such things? "Yes."
Prostitutes, free sex advocates will all come... They will all come, right? How will you deal with them? If those people come and say, "The Unification Church treated us well," we need to let them go, but if they think, "They treated us poorly," then we have to fight with them. We have to fight.
This is my thought. I want to bring in someone who was a gambling player into the Unification Church, arm them with principles, and make them a leader to guide gamblers. If the mafia comes, when the mafia gang comes, we need to have the ability to reform them... That’s something we need to think about.
What does God want? Would He be happy if we fought and got rid of all of them, or would He want to save them? Think about it. We need to have the ability to turn them around 180 degrees and embrace them. When you are hungry, you can go to a prostitute's house to get a meal, but as long as you don’t do bad things, that’s fine. If you got a meal, just leave. Don’t do bad things. That’s how it should be. That’s why I am training you to do that. You need to go to all classes and understand the circumstances. You need to understand the circumstances.
Until this year, I plan to send theology students to doctoral courses right after graduation. In the future, if you send them to our university, they will not be sent after graduation. They will be told to go train and come back, and after training, they will be sent. Why do we need to do that? Those who can be absorbed into society... Yes, what can a scholar do? They need to become scholars with leading capabilities... Only then can they save others... You need to understand that. Isn’t that right?
Because of that, you all want to receive donations and act like pastors in the church... I don’t want that. If you say you will work after receiving donations, then you will just play and rest except on Sundays... I don’t like people who just live off donations received that day. What is that? That’s dependence. They are powerless people, powerless people. So I felt that there would come a time when the church would fail because of economic issues. I thought about all of this. Isn’t it true now? Because there is no money, everything has failed, everything.

What has revived in such a religious world is that even without money, it was possible to progress by creating money. Therefore, it is necessary to create people who can do that and to initiate such a faith movement, which is the religion needed for the world in the future. It is a religion that can save the world. I earn money with my own hands and evangelize through my own efforts. It’s not just the church members who evangelize. I evangelize, I do.

Now, when you go before God, think about who God will love and choose: the person who has won through both efforts or a traditional church pastor who says, “Ah! I don’t know about economic issues. I just know how to have others evangelize; I don’t know how to evangelize myself.” If you are not evangelizing yourself and telling your family, “We need church members to evangelize,” then God will say, “Hey, you son of a gun, may you perish nicely.” That’s what He would say. Wouldn’t He? Such people are unnecessary. They are not needed in the human world. Who needs pastors these days? That’s the reality, and that’s the theory.

If you have results from working for the purpose, you can make the world kneel down.

However, in the religious world that has been centered around such religions, a person like Reverend Moon has come out and is going forward centered on God’s will. This is how it goes. Even without a purpose, Reverend Moon goes and says, “Hey! Ride on my back. I will teach you the will.” Even if God did not directly intervene, if things move like this, He will come and say, “Hey, let’s establish a relationship between you and me.” (Laughter) It can’t be helped.

Because I have thought and criticized all of this, I am making you fundraise, evangelize, and just moving people around to make them suffer. I am making them suffer. I think those who complain about that are unnecessary people in front of God’s will in the future.

The teacher is a person with such abilities. He is a capable person. How does he have such abilities? You don’t know how many things I have done that you haven’t. There’s nothing I haven’t tried. I know the psychology of thieves. In fact, I have even tested stealing. It wasn’t a big theft, but I know the psychology of that world well. (Laughter)

That’s why even here in America... Think about it. I came to America and caused problems for several years, and I have established myself... Isn’t America a country that the whole world fears? Whether I meet the President of the United States or a U.S. Senator, I think I am better than them in experience, not worse. When I talk about the times I shed tears in serious situations, I can make them cry too and move them. I have had such experiences. I am a person with such experiences.

That’s why I coached all the fundraising. “This is how you do it.” I have tried everything. Is there a factory here, is there money, is there a house? That’s all there is. It’s the fastest way. You can’t survive otherwise. If you oppose? Those who oppose are more comfortable, and we are not comfortable; we are in a critical situation now. So you must know that if you don’t have a foundation, you will be expelled from history. You must understand that reality is ruthless. The teacher is someone who knows that well.

Even if I make you suffer, I must lay a foundation that is several times the suffering. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” Do you want to complain about that? “No.” Try fighting like that for 10 or 20 years. Whether it’s a senator or anyone else, they will all be in your hands. They are all being manipulated.

Now, whether the Unification Church succeeds or fails depends on the teacher’s hands. Isn’t that right? Is that right? “Yes.” Isn’t Michael thirty years old now? A thirty-year-old young man, he has become a scholar and the president of a newspaper, and he has succeeded remarkably. (Laughter) No matter what, if I make a personnel decision today, he will go. He will be transferred elsewhere. It’s not a big deal. (Laughter)

So you must understand that. That means Reverend Moon does not act out of personal desire. He looks at the path humanity must take or the path of God’s will, and when it doesn’t match the public direction, he makes personnel decisions at any time. You must understand that this is a legitimate method as a person in charge. You must know that. A person standing before the will does not need words. They need action. You must always know that. The teacher is also such a person.

Just because Americans make me a subject of controversy, I do not fight back. I am someone who insists that more action is needed than that. I can do what you cannot do, what the American people cannot do, what the American nation cannot do. When I accomplish this, the world will kneel before the results. I am a person with such desires, such style.

Even in the scientists’ conference... When I first came to New York, I was just a nobody sitting in that corner. I was sitting there and... they didn’t recognize me at all. They didn’t know me at all. But I didn’t give up. I did what I had to do, what I had to do.

Efforts to establish the scientists’ conference

So as the founder, I must greet them. When I went to the second conference in Tokyo, the Japanese looked down on Koreans, saying, “What is Reverend Moon? Let’s take everything out and do it ourselves!” They tried to make it their own. When I went, I saw that they had set it up like that, and I called out to the organizer, “Who told you to do this?” I gave them a wake-up call. “Who is the president here? Who are you guys from Tokyo University? Let’s see who wins.” In one night, I turned everything upside down. “Are we going to do it or not?” I turned everything upside down in one night. (Laughter)

How many times did I stay up all night until two or three o’clock, saying, “It seems it won’t work! If it doesn’t work, I will give up everything. Let’s see who has the power. Do you have the power, or does Reverend Moon have the power? If so, I will stand up and announce internationally that the scholars from Tokyo University have ruined this conference.” I took charge. I have that kind of guts. “If there’s no meeting, listen to me! Why is Reverend Moon famous? Listen to me.” I am a person with that kind of spirit.

Now, all the prominent people in Japan came to Reverend Moon and couldn’t help but put their names down because they couldn’t avoid it. How bad do you think they felt when they left? They must have felt terrible. How bad do you think the president felt? Just think about how bad it must have felt for Reverend Moon to show up. I went out boldly and spoke in such a serious place. Whether the scholars looked at me strangely or not, I went out alone and spoke confidently. That’s style. And then I finished the conference.

After that, after the first and second conferences, the third conference in London... The British are gentlemen. They recognize their masters. They know that money is precious in material civilization. From there, the groundwork was laid... Yes, it was established by the third conference. It started in New York, then Washington, and now Los Angeles... We must conquer America. America is... You don’t know, but the scientists’ conference is scarier than the atomic bomb explosion.

Some people ask, “Why didn’t you hold it in Los Angeles and instead in San Francisco?” They say. They say that New York is one thing, but why San Francisco instead of Los Angeles? The general scholars living in New York... Why did we do that? You need to know that. It’s because there are Berkeley University and Stanford University.

This time, with one “bang!” they were all shaken up, and the Unification Church was all aligned. These people all called their famous friends and said, “Hey! Why didn’t you come?” They had invisible debates among themselves. They were all hit in the side, in the feet, in the back, and they all aligned. That’s how they gather support. (Laughter) Isn’t that so? So we had no choice but to hold it in San Francisco.

Through the scholars attending the scientists’ conference, we must move the world.

Now, looking at the universities in America, when you say “university,” it’s Boston and San Francisco, not Los Angeles, right? Berkeley University leads the way. There are many Nobel Prize winners at Berkeley, right? The most, right? So in San Francisco, the professors from Berkeley and then the professors from Stanford talked to their friends. When they meet and talk about the scientists’ conference, where do they connect? They connect with Boston University, Harvard University, and MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology). If it’s just MIT and Harvard, all the other universities will be dragged in.

This year, when they went to Harvard and MIT, there were many discussions about how it went. They were all ears and wide-eyed... But when they came back and said, “The results were good,” other professors from Harvard and MIT also said, “Shall we go next time?” That’s how it is. Look. New York is a commercial city, a city where the world gathers, so when it goes “bang!” and Washington is a political city, so it goes “bang!” and then Los Angeles is a student city in the West, so it goes “bang!” and Boston is a chronic student city in the East, so it goes “bang!” It shakes everything. There are many hybrids. It’s a mixed area. Many ethnicities live there.

Do you understand that? Do you know that? You don’t realize how much influence scholars have. With one word from them, the world situation can change. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” This time nearly 500 people came, and you can’t even imagine how powerful their influence is.

Among the scholars who came, there are politicians from their countries, or presidents, or kings who absolutely trust what they say. How many people are there? When those people go and say, “If the president accepts the Unification Church, we will become a first-class country in the Middle East or Asia,” they will open their mouths and be pleased. (Laughter) Even if it’s just one country.

You don’t know how great the world scientists’ conference is. (Laughter) I have never missed the opening remarks and have attended without fail until now because I know its value. If I leave it to you, I don’t know where it will go. If I am there, I can see if it won’t work and handle everything, but if I leave it to you, I don’t know where it will go.

Look. If I quietly observe, “Who will decide the president? Oh dear, who will decide the division chairpersons? I see Reverend Moon coming out to give opening remarks at every meeting from the beginning, and the president disappears, the chairpersons disappear, and everyone is coming and going. Who will do it this time?” Will they think about it or not? (Laughter) What do you think will happen?

This time, the chairperson of the Nobel Prize committee from Norway asked to be allowed to attend our chairperson Sojan Eckel’s committee. (Laughter) It’s worth it. It’s amazing. (Laughter and applause) In the end, the current chairperson Sojan Eckel cannot decide and is consulting me. That’s how it is. They all know that. So as time goes on, naturally... That’s how it is.

Moreover, not only that, but when I quietly observe our theology students, I see that all the young people are very smart. Whether they were hippies or not, they have become brainwashed, and their eyes are sparkling, and they have united for one purpose, regardless of black or white... Seeing this, I am amazed, thinking, “Reverend Moon is such an incredible person! How did he create that? I have only a few people under me, not even one, but he has hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands!” I am amazed. How did this happen? They have been completely taken over.

So this is the game. I am leading all these conferences... I have tried everything. That’s why now, I can just leave it all to you, and I don’t have to worry. So such experiences are necessary. You must know that those who talk a lot will always lose to those who have experienced it. That’s why our Unification Church takes action. Whatever we do, when we do what the world cannot do, we will become the best in the world.

While everyone is saying they can’t handle communism and they all dislike it, Reverend Moon is trying to confront communism head-on. That’s why it is becoming known to the world. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” It’s difficult and hard, so our Unification Church is needed; if it were easy and comfortable, the Unification Church would not be needed. It’s something humans must do; what about God? What kind of religion is that? Is it easy to say you will work with God? What kind of religion is that? There’s no need to put up a religious sign. People can do everything themselves.

So I will take on the hardest fishing business in America. Do you all have that interest? “Yes.” “Yes.” But if I take you and say, “Let’s go into the water,” what will “yes” mean? You will say “yes” but then “no.” (Laughter) But it’s still “yes”? “Yes.” You will see.

Instructions given to European leaders in preparation for the fishing business

You must know that I am working for the world, forgetting about the Unification Church to move this world. While you in the Unification Church are suffering, how much damage is there? How severe is the bleeding? But I am doing it for the world. You must understand that. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” Your eyes should like difficult things, and your hands should like to work hard. Do you want to do it or not? “We will.” Do it.

This time, I held a meeting with the leaders in Europe. What did I instruct there? “From now on, when you return, learn electric welding.” So we made a joint resolution. “Okay, let’s do that!” and we went. If you don’t do it, I will hit you with a bat, saying, “You guys made a promise, why aren’t you keeping it?”

Then I said, “If that’s difficult, go work in a shipbuilding factory. Learn a skill.” Was that good or not? “It was good.” Are you going to say, “Americans don’t have to do that. Europeans should do it. What would a first-class citizen do?”? “No.” Do you all want to learn? “Yes.” “Oh, liberalism...
215 
"But what does that kind of education have to do with our work?" Don't say that.
"Yes." Since you all want it... If you don't want to lose to the Europeans, learn it.
That's it.
And what instructions were given? The order was to send a hundred people from Europe to the United States for tourism. "Send a hundred or two hundred people from Asia to the United States for tourism." That was the instruction. How happy would they be? How happy would they be to go where they want? Yes, in a week, they can make a round trip. In about ten days, they can make a round trip. After going around, they will go all the way to Alabama. Once they've seen everything, what will they do? Will they play? There's no need to let them play. What will they do when they go? Even if Europeans come to America, since America is like one country, they must leave something here as a plus.
So I think we need to have our own charter flights and regular buses that travel back and forth. If ten people come from England to tour, we designate that ship as an English ship, then designate the next as a Dutch ship, then a German ship, then a French ship, and then an Italian ship, and so on, covering about ten countries and arranging them. Do that! If you want to eat, eat; if you want to sleep, sleep; and if you want to come in last, then come in last.
We need to prepare to build submarines.
This time, Germany is arranging positions vigorously... They don't want to lose, so they will push the Germans day and night, 24 hours. Then Germany will excel in ships, and France won't want to lose, and England won't want to lose, so it will be quite amusing. Competition will arise. Even if left alone for 24 hours, they will compete and work among themselves. (Laughs) Do you think that will happen or not? "I think it will."
Then our Unification Church's business foundation... will travel for two weeks, and even without paying salaries, they will work for six months and generate income, right? Will it fail or prosper? "Prosper." However, the place that will be upset is the U.S. State Department and the U.S. Congress. If all sorts of people oppose and say, "Hey, cut off Reverend Moon's tourists," then Wallace from Alabama—he's a gutsy guy and likes me—will say, "Even if everyone opposes, we welcome them in our state."... I think something wonderful will happen. The immigration problem will all be resolved. So, I will go right to Congress and protest, "Why do you oppose when they come to America without touching anything, just eating and working without salaries, which benefits our America?" Then the problem will arise immediately. What do you think? Is it painful to get rich in Alabama? That's why Reverend Moon's invitation will be signed without fail.... If they can't enter there, they will be allowed into Alabama. They will charter a plane and fly over. Do you understand?
If that happens, those who opposed us at the State Department will look foolish. The day that happens will be serious. If it still doesn't work, we will build ships in each country. So, we will change the plan to import from America and make everything in their own countries. The same goes for the Unification Church. Even if there is money in Germany, the teacher will manage it as he pleases; even if there is money in Japan, the teacher will manage it as he pleases; even if there is money in England, the teacher will manage it as he pleases. It's the same.
Therefore, you all need to prepare to build ships in each state and each country. So, we plan to even make submarines in the future. I need to make a submarine that I can ride in. (Laughs) In the current war, the only thing that can win in the end is submarines. They are moving bases. They are missile bases. Ships can hit missiles accurately. But submarines are under the water, so can they be hit? No, they can't. Do you understand what I mean?
Now, don't you want to take a quick trip to the Soviet coast on a submarine? (Laughs) If the U.S. State Department doesn't do it, our Unification Church will have to do it. I think that way. If the U.S. Navy doesn't do it, our Unification Church will have to do it. (Laughs)
If it can't be done in the U.S., I will go to the Bahamas and to some island in South America. I can do it anywhere. How great would it be to make submarines there? The president and prime ministers will come and say, "Oh, Reverend Moon, thank you." How wonderful would that be? Do you understand what I'm saying? Are you interested? "Yes." Are you really interested? "Yes." So, learn welding.
That's why all the members of our Unification Church in America and Europe should become welders. Through the experience of making ships here, I will give everyone first-class and second-class qualifications. So, first-class will work only in certain places, second-class in others, and third-class in others... I plan to specialize everyone.
Don't our women want to make a ship? "Yes." Do you want to become a president? I find that very exciting. Why can't you? If you have eyes and hands, that's all you need. Why can't you do it? You don't need anything else. That's enough. You just need your eyes and that (hands). (Laughs) How can you use your strength while sitting down? So, I must stop the U.S.'s three-sided maritime rights in an instant.
You can seize the world's economic rights through the fishing industry.
Now, you should refer to this... Since we're talking about it, how will the world be in the future? There will be no people living on land. There will be no people living on land. The land will become a vacation spot... What will the land be? Will it be a place to escape the cold? How will it be? It can be a vacation spot. In places like the U.S., the three sides of the coastline will all become resort areas in the future.
Isn't that right? There are many fun things that can happen in the sea compared to playing on land. That's why I wanted to make submarines, because a time will come for submarine-style boating... That era is coming. Everyone will have yachts... They will all move underwater. And while sightseeing underwater... How wonderful is that?
So, do you prefer to travel on the sea or to live among schools of fish, schools of sharks, and schools of whales? Which one do you prefer? That is the era we are evolving into. I believe that if we prepare for that, we can seize economic rights globally.
Look, isn't that the case with America? Until now, America has boasted about owning land. There was a time when people boasted about how much land they owned. "Who owns the most land?" They boasted about that... After owning all the land, the next thing they boasted about was having nice houses. Then, when everyone had houses, what was next? There was nothing to boast about. Next, it was about cars... But when everyone had cars, there was nothing to boast about again. Then it was about boats... When everyone had boats, there was nothing to boast about. Then it was about airplanes... When everyone had airplanes, there was nothing to boast about again. So, what’s next? Submarines. That's how it is. The teacher thinks about that. Do you think that makes sense? "Yes."
These days, isn't there that 007 character who travels underwater? I found that very attractive. (Laughs) Just think how great it would be if it could fly too... If it could fly while submerged... That's what I'm thinking. Then, would people with money buy it or not? That's why I'm currently thinking about partnering with the best engine manufacturing company in the world to make that engine. We need to make it with our own hands... We can make all that. Do you like doing that? Are you interested in that? "Yes." It’s fun to listen to, but you don’t want to do it, right? (Laughs) How is it? Is doing it fun? "Yes." The teacher is interested in those things. I worry because I’m getting older.
So, regarding the fishing industry... I believe there are vast resources in the sea, so globally... we need to prepare to make them in France, Germany, and dozens of countries under orders. Only then can we create ships or underwater cruise ships that are needed in the global era and seize economic rights in that field all at once. We need to prepare in dozens of countries to gain global supremacy in that field. Do you imagine that, and do you think it's possible? "Yes." That's why all Unification Church members should learn welding. You all need to learn it.
Now, if we have tens of thousands of people, we can set up a tent on the beach and assemble anything all at once. The parts will be made all over the world. The beach will become a factory. We will assemble everything on the beach and send it out to sea. That’s how it can be done. Therefore, even if a war breaks out, if we can just transport the parts a few times, we can make a ship all at once.
Are you all excited? "Yes." Now, do you think it would be good if the teacher stopped talking? "It's past lunchtime, but we keep talking without having a meeting?" You might be thinking that, right? "No." "Hey! I should do something easy." Do you make that kind of resolution? I don't think I'm stupid. When I set a plan, it works out well. (Laughs) Do you believe that? "Yes." Since you have become like that, it’s a big deal. America is in big trouble. (Laughs)
Making money is important, but you need to know how to use it well.
Now, looking at these things, you might think they are flimsy and wonder what can be done, but if they move, it will be a big deal. (Laughs) Do you want to become that kind of person? "Yes." What about our young ladies? Do you want to marry a weak husband or a strong husband? "A strong husband." What is a strong husband? It means he can do anything.
Then, if you meet a strong husband and want to match his rhythm, can you do it being weak? You have to at least imitate him. Because I, Reverend Moon, am that kind of person, I want to make you my disciples and subordinates, but I don’t want weak people. That’s a misunderstanding; is that correct? "That’s correct."
So, we need to do fundraising. The teacher can go anywhere without a penny and have no worries. Because I know how to live anywhere, whether in a hotel or elsewhere... I am a trained person.
That's why I come to America and push through it in a short time to do this kind of work. So, do you really like the teacher? "Yes." Those who like the teacher should become like him. If I had a lot of money, I would give 100 million dollars to this person, 100 million dollars to that person, and distribute about 100 million dollars to everyone, just to see what would happen. Even if I had hundreds of billions of dollars, it wouldn’t be enough for me. 
What about you? If I give you 100 million dollars, how will you use it? Are you confident? Will you say to the teacher, "Oh, please give me a few hundred dollars more. This is not enough." or will you say, "Oh, 100 million dollars is a lot."? What will you do? If I ask you, what will you say? What kind of person are you? Recently, a person who is one of our executives in Korea had several tens of millions of dollars in cash and couldn't sleep. He couldn't sleep because he was guarding it. He couldn't sleep at home because of it. So, having money is hell.
But do you need that money? How much money do you need? "Oh, I need enough to eat and to get married. That's all I need." What can you do with that? Making money is one thing, but you also need to know how to spend it. The reason I tell you to make money is that there are many places to spend it. Are you confident? "Yes."
You need to become responsible leaders who are proficient in the church, ships, and business fields.
Now, let’s stop here. Knowing that, we will send three people who have evangelized to the sea. You should know that... One of those people will go to the business department to evangelize...
Then, which field will you belong to? Which field will you belong to? What do you want? Will you train in all three places and become a leader in one, or will you be a leader in all three? "A leader in all three." Why all three? If one field is good, then in the business field, you must receive guidance from the Unification Church leader. Those who only want to work in the sea must receive guidance from the sea field leader. Those who only want to evangelize must receive guidance from Neil Salonen within the Unification Church. Then, you cannot become the overall leader of the Unification Church. That's what I think.
I am that kind of person. If I make a ship, I must be the leader. If I don't, I will give them a hard time. I handle everything in the business field. Don't you dislike that? "No." If I need money, I can earn it and spend it; no one can say anything. Neil cannot say, "Oh! Teacher, you spend a lot of money." Kamiyama cannot say that I spend money. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." The teacher wants to make you all that kind of person. Because you are young, before you turn 30, I want to train you all to become such leaders; that is the teacher's intention.
What kind of man do our young ladies want to marry? Do you want to marry someone who is just a preacher, someone who just follows along, or do you want to marry a man who is capable, who does well in business, and who is strong and manly even when going to the sea? What kind of man is that? "The latter." To follow such a husband, it will be tough. There will be many hardships. Even if you get seasick, you have to ride the ship. You have to endure even if you vomit. (Laughs) That's the charm. The thrill is not in sitting comfortably. You need to understand that. I think that way. That's why my mother keeps making me follow her. If you meet someone like the teacher, you should follow. That is happiness.
That's why you learn welding, right? "Yes." You all need to learn welding. I have never done welding. I have never done welding, but I can do it without learning. In three hours, anyone can do it. The theory is already established. You need to supply heat evenly. You must keep the heat consistent. That's it. It's simple; the principle is simple. You can't apply and remove heat. You can't attach and detach... Now, where do you want to learn welding? "Yes." Next, you all should do it. Let's all build ships in the Unification Church.
Think about it. How wonderful is a person? As a church leader... I like that feeling. After giving a lecture as a church leader, where do I go? I go to the factory... The environment is completely different. The machines are clanking and beeping... How wonderful is that? That’s what’s fun. Now I need to go hunting, but that's very dangerous. That's why I can't go. Do you understand?
Now, starting next year, we will take practical action in those fields. I told you to buy a ship; are you preparing to buy a ship? When we do tuna fishing, the national chief will take a month off. It's vacation season.
When it's (vacation season; 휴가철), everyone who has a boat is called to come, but those without a boat can't come. How would it feel to be left out alone at that time? Comfortably thinking, "Oh, the teacher should buy me a boat. If they buy me a boat, I can go, but if they don't, how can I buy one?" Can you think like that? Therefore, one must go through hardships. That's what needs to be done.

Women also come if they have a boat. My boat is driven by me. The tuner is also handled by women. Try catching one. The size is ten times that of women, so try catching something like that. Just see how much one's confidence grows. If you catch that, how much will your confidence grow? That's necessary. Women who have tasted that will want to go out on the boat instead of doing household chores.

To be a responsible person, one must be able to reflect on and control opposing phenomena. 

Everyone, what's the most fun part of fishing for the teacher? The catch itself is not fun. The most exciting part is when the fish bites. The biting moment is the most thrilling. That feeling can't be explained. You can't even experience it as a spectator. Until you go out to catch it yourself...

Then, what's even more fun is when the fish tries to escape after biting. (Laughter) Why is that fun? You can see the expression on your face change 180 degrees in an instant. Why is that fun? It's the thrill of forgetting it all in that moment, that feeling of exhilaration, which you can't forget. You stay up for several nights with the signal light on, unable to sleep or eat. (Laughter) That's the fun of it.

That's why training like this is necessary for anything. I think it can help us switch all mental difficulties and contribute to our cultivation. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Once you bump into something, it can take three days, four days, or even three years to get over it. No one knows that. Even if you bump into something, if you can turn around and forget it all in an instant and start anew, you can achieve great things.

Young people, raise your hands if you've ever gambled. Look. Is gambling good or bad? "It's good." (Only one person answers) (Laughter) Gamblers think if they lose a thousand won, they will go back and win it back. Based on that principle, they all end up losing.

Even if you gamble with a hundred thousand dollars and lose it, if you can turn around and forget it all... If a gambler can learn that, gambling can be a teaching material. I think there's enough necessity to experience it as a teaching material.

Why is that? Because even in the place of failure, you can continue to do the second stage without hesitation. You won't be disappointed. That's what's necessary. It's better to know that without doing it. If you lost because you did it, forget what you lost. Because I did it... If you can do that, it's good. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Don't cry over something so trivial and say, "Oh!" The teacher doesn't gamble for a long time—if I don't want to, I won't do it—just a few times, and that's it. I just rush out. That's what's necessary. You all need to be able to handle sudden changes while working. That way, everything mentally can be controlled. You forget everything.

Yes, the teacher loves to wander around. I wander well. When others have a headache, they rest and sleep, right? But when I have a headache, I go up the mountain or to the sea. I try to forget my headache. Somehow, I forget it. That's why I like boxing. When my head hurts, I watch boxing and cheer while sweating, and it all gets better. (Laughter) I forget the pain, and after cheering for 30 or 40 minutes, it all goes away. Do you understand? "Yes." That's why I do these big things. Even when I'm tired, I do the same. When I'm tired, I sweat instead of sleeping. Sweat relieves fatigue. Then, without realizing it, if I sit down and sleep for just ten minutes... Do you have to sleep in bed to sleep?

That's why we need to be able to turn around all those directions and know how to control them, so we can have opposing phenomena as our hobbies. Only then can that person become the center of the world, a responsible person. That's how I see it.

I bought a horse for Hyojin and a motorcycle, and she got so caught up in it... Changing that is also hard, but it's all necessary. In fact, I secretly bought a gun too... (Laughter) That's necessary. Yes, recently I was playing around on the motorcycle and fell. (Laughter) A man should know how to do all that. Now that I know how to do all that, I said, "Hey, study. Now you can sit and study for one hour, two hours, three hours, four hours." Why did I say that? Because not learning to ride a horse has been a regret for me until now. So I wanted to finish all that beforehand...

That's why you all need things like fundraising. Fundraising, evangelism, even getting meals is necessary. Sometimes fighting is also necessary. Fighting, have you ever fought? The teacher fought with neighborhood kids when I was a child... I was the leader with my fists. I was good at wrestling, good at sports, strong fists... So even though I'm in the Western world, I can go around well alone. If someone tries to mess with me, I can throw them down. If I grab them, they will roll. Do you understand? All of that is necessary.

The teacher spent about six months climbing trees. I trained while timing myself to climb a tree. That's necessary. Climbing trees is also necessary. I thought that my existence is necessary for my purpose to be fulfilled; if I'm not there, the purpose won't be fulfilled. Before I became first in wrestling within a 20-ri radius, I didn't do anything else, and after becoming first, I did other things. That's my character.

Try doing this with an acacia tree. (Gesturing) Acacia trees are tough. If you peel the bark and twist it like this, it becomes very tough. I trained with that for six months. At first, the big one didn't want to fall, so I pushed it from the top... Within six months, I completely twisted it away. That was already graduation. After that, I didn't do it anymore.

Then fishing, then bird-catching, I did all sorts of things. Also, walking on the road, if someone walks in front of me, I feel very uncomfortable. If they walk ahead of me. So I walked 20 ri... How much is 20 ri? I walked to school every day. How much is 20 ri? "About 5 miles." (Interpreter) Yes, 5 miles. That's why if the kids just followed me, they would run. I trained all that too. Even now, when I step out on the road, I'm quite fast. I trained like that.

Evangelism also works like that. Evangelism is the same. If I say, "I will evangelize that woman," I time myself to do it within six months. I strategize. I find out what she likes, what literary books she enjoys, and I investigate everything. I check what time she goes out and what time she goes shopping, gathering all the information. Then I ask to meet... If she doesn't agree to meet, I find a way to meet her. I evangelize when I meet her. There are countless methods.

If she absolutely won't meet, I buy something from the market over there and bump into her. If I fall, I hold on and fall together. If she drops her handbag or something, I pick it up... That's all part of the strategy. I hand her the handbag and say I'm sorry... If many people saw, I call her husband to say, "I was doing this and that..." explaining. Then I apologize for the inconvenience caused to his wife and visit her... That way, I can become friends with her husband, and the wife will think, "Where can I find a man like that?" Then I can create an environment where I can come and go freely in that house.

The teacher also used such strategies, going into someone else's house and eating their food for a year and a half while evangelizing that couple. If those people are necessary for the purpose, I do that. I even washed the laundry of a woman with ten siblings to evangelize her. I make it so that she can consult me more than her own children or her husband. If you treat people well, everyone becomes a friend. Isn't that right?

If you can't evangelize, if the responsible person has been there for a month or two and still can't evangelize, I study why they can't evangelize. It's strange that they can't evangelize. They can't because they daydream while trying to evangelize. That's what I think. It's because they daydream that they can't evangelize. If it didn't work this month, then do the opposite next time. If it doesn't work at school, go to the market and try there, and if it doesn't work at the market, go to a brothel and try there. You need to find a way. Because I think like that, I don't sympathize with people who can't evangelize. I make it happen. Do you understand? "Yes."

You all need to prepare for that before you turn 30... Raise your hand if you're over 30! You need to have all that preparation done before you turn 30. The teacher has been doing this since I was 26... When I went to Pyongyang, I caused a stir there, and when I went to Seoul, I caused a stir there too. Back then, everywhere I went was a problem. Why did it become a topic of controversy? Because all the people in the neighborhood wouldn't sleep and kept wanting to come to the room where I was.

Even the neighborhood kids wanted to come to the bathroom of the house I was in to pee and look around. That was unusual.

Why was that? Because when I met the kids, I told them really interesting stories. They forgot about eating. They didn't even know how to eat. You need to know how to do that. I played with the kids in a fun way. I devised dozens, hundreds of activities a day to entertain them. While doing that, I would ask the kids, "Where did your mother go? Where did your father go?" and investigate everything.

If they come to my house and play late, they'll get tired and fall asleep. Then I can carry them... Then I can visit their house to evangelize. How wonderful is that? If the kids play late at night and fall asleep, I carry them back to their parents. Isn't that a grateful thing? "Oh! Please have some tea before you go." Things develop from there. You all need that. You need to know how to be friends with the kids while telling them stories.

Next, there are grandparents... When I go home, there are grandfathers and grandmothers. When I go, I can hear all the news about how the daughter-in-law is doing, how the daughter is doing, how other houses are, and who is who in the neighborhood. You need to know the neighborhood well. Then, because I know who works where in that neighborhood, even if I meet someone for the first time, I can greet them by saying, "You're Mr. So-and-so, right?" Then they'll ask, "How do you know?" I'll say, "I know you well." In fact, I do know well. "You could be a friend or a relative of my friend or in-law," and I'll say, "I'm going to your house, so let's meet." That's how I weave connections.

When that person is farming, I talk about farming. If they come home tired from farming, I say, "Oh, what kind of crops did you grow this year?" and I ask how things are going... You need to talk about all that. If you say, "I came from the Unification Church, so listen to the principle," they'll kick you out. (Laughter) Then you'll be chased away.

If that person is farming, I say, "Let me see what kind of crops you're growing in the field. I'll follow you. What time do you go out?" and I go out early in the morning. Then I spend the whole day being friends with them. While being friends, I help with the weeding, and at lunchtime, we sit and talk. Then I ask, "What do you do?" If they say, "Do you really want to know? Then make some time." I tell them that if I share my experience, it will be interesting, and they'll get excited and want to follow me. I pique their interest. If they say, "Oh, I want to hear it, so I'll make time," then I say, "Make time!" Then while farming in the field, they can drop everything and come out to talk for an hour, two hours, or however long.

There are countless methods for evangelism...

We don't want to use those people. We want to save those people. When I say I evangelized them from the Unification Church, will they think, "Hey, this guy!" and seek revenge, or will they be grateful?

Look. When you lay the groundwork in the neighborhood, you need to make it so that people like you and want to work together. What should I say? Just make it so they want to come to your house and work for you. It may seem messy and insignificant, but when you step out and speak, the people in the neighborhood can bow their heads to you.

If there's a Mr. Baek in the neighborhood, you say, "Mr. Baek! So-and-so is like this, and so-and-so is like that. Who's the best and worst in this neighborhood? We need to correct this, and for this neighborhood to do well, we need to do this, and we need to raise the children well." You talk about everything, and then you say, "I have something to share about how this neighborhood can do well. Would you like to hear it?" Then you start talking about the principles.

That's why it's crazy to expect someone to come to hear the word when evangelizing. On the day you meet that person, you must make sure they leave better than they came yesterday. That's the ironclad rule. If you can't speak, at least prepare something to eat and feed them, or be a friend to them.

From that perspective, the best person to evangelize is a young person. College students, high school seniors are really good. At that age, they're in their adolescence, so they have a strong ability to absorb everything.

If you gain a reputation in the neighborhood as "Oh! That uncle is nice," the neighborhood kids will come to report even trivial things. They will report everything about who is who in the neighborhood. Then, what can I say, you become the owner who can receive that information. If grandmothers, aunts, and kids say that, then you can completely evangelize that neighborhood.

If a grandmother is driving, you can say, "Good morning!" and ask where she's going, and say, "Oh! You're driving? Let me drive for you." You can do that as much as you want. "I'll drive for you instead of grandpa." You can do that. "If you're going somewhere, just call me. I'll accompany you when I go to the market!" That's the kind of work you do.

From now on, don't do anything else. Just do that. Evangelism too...
"I'm the main person in charge, and if you come to me, I'm Abel... Put those trivial thoughts aside. To become a king, you need to have subjects. What good is a leader if you're alone? Just sitting by yourself and daydreaming won't work. Such people will never receive God's cooperation. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." You need to make it happen practically. You have to create that atmosphere. You need to cultivate it yourself. You have to do it all by yourself.

The atmosphere to operate as a scientist's conference is ripe. Now, who created the mobilization team in America? Did the missionaries create the mobilization team? "Father." Right, did the missionaries all say, 'It's good what the teacher is doing'? Did they all say, 'The teacher doesn't even know English and just came to America, how can he know America? We've been doing this for over ten years, and it won't work. It won't work'? That's what they said. So, the East went its way, and the West went its way...

Here is Michael Ward. He came here from San Francisco but couldn't even get in and was just circling outside, thinking about getting scolded by me. Do you remember? "Yes." He knew the teacher was here but didn't want to come in, circling around until he got caught and scolded. Do you remember that? "Yes." (Laughter) Why is that? Why? If you come here, you should just go in smoothly... Even if you acted the opposite, everything can harmonize.

With this, didn't you persuade all the missionaries to come along and create the mobilization team? What would have happened if I hadn't done that back then? I flew back and forth to the West and the East, and I made the contract for Lincoln Center, and here is Joseph. I took Joseph with me and paid cash for everything.

So, I brought the money because I knew everything. During the scientist conference, when I was giving 30,000 or 20,000 dollars in cash, - Young-woon was here today. - Young-woon was saying, 'Oh my!' That's how the scientist conference started. (Laughs) Now, if you heard that, would this scientist conference have come about? "No." That's how it was made to happen.

Are you not able to communicate here? Can't you greet? The freedom of the world depends on you. The teacher is here in this country doing this work, and why are you acting like that? Why are you acting like that? If you're in the state, you'll meet the governor and the police chief. You'll meet them every day. You can go out for lunch and treat them; you can meet them as much as you want. It doesn't harm them. If you want to grow and succeed quickly, you need to know how to make friends with those who have laid the foundation. That's the only secret. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes."

Because it started with words that move the world today... Go and meet the professors. Now, because of the scientist conference, an atmosphere has been created where you can meet them as much as you want, so go and meet them. Go and greet them. Thank them and say, 'Oh! You feel like an uncle to us, and you feel like a father.' Even if it's not true, say that. 'I'm out here alone, and I miss my uncle, so I'll visit a professor like you, so please don't treat me coldly.' Smile and joke about it.

So, you don't need to evangelize as soon as you go. Just be friendly. If you're friendly, then they'll ask, 'What are you doing here? Why are you here?' At that time, you can say, 'If you knew why I'm here, I wouldn't be able to make friends with your children and make them like me.' You can say that as much as you want. 'If you have a daughter, I can't do my job because if I become friends with her, I won't be able to do it.' You can say that. If you create a lot of curiosity like this, they'll just ask you to tell them when you come.

So, if that daughter goes to kindergarten, you go to the kindergarten and see. 'My uncle is a good person, and I want to see what that daughter looks like.' You go looking for her. Then you meet the teacher and ask, 'Who is Professor So-and-so's daughter?' You meet her and say, 'I met your father.' Then after school, you take her home. Just try doing that a few times. Now, when the professor asks, 'Why are you bringing the child?' you can say, 'I like my uncle's daughter and son, so I thought of them.' What could be wrong with that? They might even say, 'That's really nice.' Just try it.

Moreover, if you're a man, if you have the skill to fix cars, you can do a lot of evangelizing. If a car breaks down in the neighborhood, you run over and fix it. Then you become completely close. Then if someone says, 'So-and-so is good at fixing cars...' if their car breaks down, they'll call you. After that, if you know how to fix faucets and electricity... all of that. To enter someone's house, that's really necessary. It's the most necessary thing strategically.

For women, knitting or making interesting things like fabric, making ribbons, and hats, you go out and meet students on the street. 'Which school do you go to?' If they say, 'I go to high school,' or 'I go to a university,' you can look at their hat and say, 'Oh! This hat...' and then say, 'Really? Then try wearing this hat. It looks really good. Should I make one for you?' That doesn't cost much. Then you make it and give it to them. Then you become friends.

The teacher knows how to knit socks and make hats. Do you understand? "Yes." I can make pants by myself. I came prepared to do these things for the purpose. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes."

When you go to that neighborhood, if you look around and think, 'Where can I lend a hand?' you'll know everything. Just because they're from that neighborhood... Even if I enter a church without a name and disguise myself, I can turn that church upside down in six months. That's not a problem. Within six months, I can definitely turn it upside down. How can I do that? It all starts from living. You need to be a leader in life and start from where you can inspire others in life; that is the safest way.

The teacher also knows how to make picture frames. I worked as a carpenter for eight months in a military base during the evacuation. I didn't learn that. I have a lot of experience, so I'm ahead of all theories. A regular person can catch up if they work three times harder than an expert. They do it quickly, but I take my time and put in my heart.

When I go to a factory, I look around and give instructions. I was trained that way. I saw things that way, and all the facts are trained to match the theory. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes."

Be a model in life. Be friends when playing, be friends in life, then be friends when studying, be friends when traveling, be friends when hunting, be friends when going to the sea, and be friends when farming. If you have the ability to be friends in all these fields, if you only have the ability to persuade theoretically, you can gather people from all fields as much as you want. The teacher thinks that way. To have such an influence, you need to learn. It depends on learning. You go to learn and become friends...

That's why you should make a lot of contacts! Make a lot of contacts! And when that person reaches a point where they can discuss their deep secrets, even if you tell them not to evangelize, they will evangelize as much as they want. Even during my student days, all my friends told me their secrets. The teacher kept those secrets. And I taught them how to solve their problems.

You can't just convey the principle words when evangelizing. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." Live an exemplary life. Show it in life. Make them do it in life. You shouldn't just tell them with words; you have to make them do it with actions. If you've said something, do it as you said.

So, the teacher said to make a boat, but are you making a boat? "Yes." You have to do that. If I said it, you have to do it. I said I would hold the Washington rally after three and a half years of coming to America; did I do it or not? "You did." Now, before 1978 passes, we need to secure 30,000 people; will we do this or not? "We can do it." Who? "We will." You need to take joint responsibility. You need to take joint responsibility... I am doing this now because I trust you.

If I go out believing like this, will I smear Reverend Moon's face with dirt or not? "No." It's serious; the teacher is serious. What will you do? I think I will have to carry the burden again. I think the only way is for me to go to each state and city every day and go on TV stations to interview and push it through. Since you can't do it, I have to do it. I'm even thinking that way. Since I'm thinking this way, I might take action.

So, I need to buy a plane. I can't go around on time with this plane. If I buy a plane, how much controversy will it cause? 'Oh! Reverend Moon is flying around. Look at him! He's sucking the blood of young people and exploiting them.' How much fuss will there be?

This time, you all need to take responsibility, right? "Yes." How many this month? 26? Except for Oakland, there hasn't been any evangelizing, right? Then, if we gather like this every month, what will happen? The cost of the flights will come in and out. You don't know the future of America. If you don't do as the teacher says... Just wait and see. That's why I think we need a special operation.

What happened to the seminary students this time? How are the seminary students? Is evangelizing hard? Is it hard? How is it? "Many people have finished training, but all at once... Today, we are starting the training session, so now how..." By June 1979, we need to mobilize 10,000 members of the mobilization team anyway. You need to know this. After that, we need to mobilize 10,000 economic members. After that, we need to produce 10,000 evangelizing members. So, we need 30,000 people.

Therefore, how do we gather 30,000 people over the next year? That's why we need to educate. We need to educate for a few months and then send them out. So from now on, we need to take out a few cities. From now on, we need to take urgent measures. You need to take out a few cities from your state. As much as possible, take out cities with universities, just take out five cities from one place. Originally, there should be four centers in one state.

What activities will we do with this? If there are five people, they should go around with five people and hold revival meetings. We need to promote the Unification Church. It's small, but now you need to focus on the members in your state and carry out mobilization activities. Go and make pamphlets or do whatever... You need to prepare the expenses. Rent places according to your circumstances and spend according to your situation while doing this work. Then make small newspaper advertisements - there's no need to make them big. Do it as much as possible for one day, two days, or three days, and go around doing it. And if you can collaborate with existing church pastors, rent existing churches and do it.

Hold many principle lectures. After you return, let's do this work. Just staying still won't do anything. If there are no members, say, 'The main person in charge of the Unification Church, So-and-so, is giving a lecture somewhere, so come at that time!' Even if you just get a small room or a small church, if one person comes, you give a lecture. You need to do that kind of work. So if there is a possibility of gaining members, extend the period there to lecture on the principles, and then say you'll come back in a few days, so wait until then. With this, you need to establish a movement to create members in the first, second, and third rounds.

From now on, you shouldn't stay at the center. If you're at the center, you should be holding revival meetings. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." You need to take urgent measures. If possible, it would be even better if you could give lectures at places like schools. Whether you call yourself a Unification Church leader or a Unification Church pastor, you should put up a sign and do it. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." From now on, you need to do that work. You can't just keep doing it as you have been; you can't do that. You need to try that kind of work.

You all need to pack your bags and go out alone or with one or two people, praying, and if people don't come, go out and bring a few people and talk to them. By doing that, your spiritual attitude and faith attitude can be renewed.

Next time, I want to know how many lectures you have done... You need to do as many as possible because, after all, you can't evangelize. And keep only one person at the center who is sick or unable to work; take all the people who can work with you.

If you can't go to each state, divide your city into four parts, and even if it's east, west, south, and north, do that. It's also necessary to do that in big cities. And after doing it once in that city, go out and come back, and then do it again; that's the operation you need to do. You can't just do it. You will be allowed to do that. Otherwise, I will designate five places and have you rotate coming back in. So prepare all your sleeping bags. Just sleeping at home won't do anything. If there are no results, you need to do it like this.

And Neil, from now on, you need to do interviews with newspaper reporters nationwide. With this, we need to form a few more teams that can raise topics about the Unification Church. Once Park Bo-hee finishes his busy schedule, we need to do that work. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." This reporting meeting is that. Now is the time to take action. We can't just wait. We need to set conditions before heaven with all our strength.

Raise your hand if you've ever held a lecture! No one has done it. Give lectures. You can't do it without giving lectures. The number of members increases proportionally according to how many principle lectures you've given.

In Korea, I appointed the head of the association and made them give lectures for an average of 18 hours a day for three years and eight months. So if people don't come, just talk to the wall. If even one person comes, do it while sweating. Do you understand what I'm saying? "Yes." You can't just leave it alone.

Today, that is a special instruction, a special instruction. And raise your hand if there are fewer than five people. Stand up. Number off. (Numbering) Write that down, all of you. Write down the places with fewer than five people. (One person checks and writes) How many members are there? "23 states have fewer than five members." So, how many people are there in total? Michael! The other day, you said to take out one-third of the personnel from News World.
"Can we take out 20 people? 'Yes.' Then there won't be any issues? Look at the head of the mobile team in New York! You all need to do something to evangelize, even if it's just one person a month. Yes, doing a crusade is really good. It's much better to go in and out than to stay in one place. Form groups and take action. I mean, form groups and take action. Do you understand? 'Yes.' 

Then, in places where there are not five people, form two teams... do it for two weeks, once in that week's city and once in another city, going back and forth. The people evangelized that week should be handed over that week. So, form teams with the neighboring... with the nearby states... (close states together). 

How many people did you evangelize in San Francisco? How many did you evangelize? '23 people.' Is it okay to send new members to San Francisco? 'It would be good if we could send two people from here, and if this person could help a bit.' (Interpreter) Yes, do it. If you can exceed twelve people from five, then you are completely established. The question is how to fill those twelve people. You must fill those twelve people no matter what. Once you have those twelve, you can prepare a van and go around evangelizing. If it doesn't work in the city, go to rural towns. It is known that evangelizing there is quicker. You need to understand that.

So this time, don't leave out the big cities; rather, mix small cities with big cities as much as possible. The smaller the city, the more effective it is. So, understand that and alternate between doing it in a big city once and in a small city once. If you end up with no results, you need to go to another city. So if the results are good, focus on that place and connect it more intensively.

And this time, raise your hand if your state did not broadcast the Washington conference video tape. Why not? If you do that, the response is quite good. Who graduated from that seminary? Is it New Haven? 'It's Charles Willer.' I thought he would cause some issues and do something big, but why didn't he do that?

Today, making such an emergency decision... how to act now is something each of you must study. No matter what, you need to increase the number of members from 12 to over 40... the issue is how to surpass that...

Is there anything special next? Let's report on Aiden's lecture too. 

Let's renew our faces
During this time, the members in Washington have worked very hard to repair this place. This repair is similar to restoration, and you must have realized how difficult it is to repair. Even if most items are repaired, it is common sense that it is hard to make them better than the original items.

However, Unification Church members have repaired... Until now, it has been common sense that what has been repaired is worse than the original item, but we must surpass that. Now, looking at one church, it was a Mormon church, but this church is not just symbolized by one church. When we look at it in our intention today, heaven and earth are like that, the whole world is like that, America itself is like that, and everything is destined to go through this process of repair.

So today, the title I want to talk about is 'Let's Renew Our Faces.' Let's talk about this title for a moment. Do you understand what I mean? 'Yes.'

Humans must become the temple of God
What I mean is to create a better face than the one you currently have. December 4, 1977, Washington D.C. 

That's how people are. If you look at it, even if the face is not good-looking, if the background is well arranged, it shines, and if it is matched well, that not-so-good-looking face can take on a quite new aspect. Therefore, we realize how much the environment is needed.

Now, we Unification Church members are hoping for the completion of restoration. Then, where is the standard for the completion of restoration? It is the standard of completion that God desired in the original creation ideal, before the fall. So, would we hope that the restored Adam and Eve would be worse than their form before the fall, or better? 'We hope for better.'

Then, what do you think the face of Adam and Eve was like before the fall? They probably didn't shave or cut their hair like you all do these days, matching colors in their clothes. Adam would have had a beard. Surely, he would have had a beard. His hair would have been long like a woman's. (Laughter) When you think about it this way, the people living on this earth today, after shaving and putting on makeup, are probably outwardly better than those people at that time. When dressed up and adorned, they look splendid. What do you think? Would they have brushed their teeth with toothpaste back then? (Laughter)

When we look at this, what is the restoration ideal that the Unification Church talks about? No matter how good a house is, no matter how good the appearance is, if there is no owner, all those external items have no value. Even if Adam and Eve were not good-looking at that time, God was in their hearts, and their bodies could become the temple of God. This is the point we need to understand that is different from us now.

Their smiling faces did not have malice, nor were they intended to deceive people. Their faces must have represented the pure joy of God. They would have seen through their eyes not just their own eyes, but instead, they would have seen on behalf of God. Everything they heard, felt, and spoke would have been able to represent God.

So, did Adam and Eve have songs? What do you think? 'Yes.' 

What kind of songs did they sing? Joy, joy. That word is nice, but did they sing joy alone? If the ancestors of humanity started to sing, what kind of song would they have sung? In the time of Adam and Eve, when they could connect with God as their Father, they would have sung songs about their Father. They would have sung songs about their Father.

Now, if a person started to laugh, who do you think they would have laughed at? Would Adam laugh at Eve? Would Eve laugh at Adam? We don't know. Surely, that laughing face would have started to laugh at God, the Father.

If there was joy that made them dance, who do you think they danced for? Surely, they would have danced for God. When they worked, who would they have worked for? Surely, they would have worked for God. So, when they ate, even if they were eating fruit, they wouldn't have wanted to eat and drink alone; they would have wanted to do it with God. Why? Because He was their Father, so it couldn't be otherwise. When they slept, they would have been with their Father, and when they woke up, they would have been with their Father... Wasn't that the position Adam and Eve stood in?

The life of Adam and Eve represents God's life.
If Adam and Eve, who grew up like that, matured and got married, what would have happened? Until then, all the traditions of the life Adam and Eve lived were in relationship with God, but entering into a second tradition, like a married life, would definitely be something new.

At that time, would Adam and Eve have acted on their own, or would they have consulted God the Father? Would they have thought, 'Oh, we should do it our way' even if God the Father did not approve? Would Adam and Eve have known what marriage was at that time, or not? What do you think? Would they not have known? They would have known. They would have known. How? When they saw insects, birds, and all animals living in pairs, they would have surely understood.

However, while they might have known that they should live that way, they probably did not know the taste of love until then. Love must come from God... Therefore, without God establishing such a new counterpart, they would not have seen the true principle of love. That is why the issue of marriage would ultimately have been something they received guidance on from God.

So what kind of guidance would God have given when He married Adam and Eve? Would He have said, 'You should live like this'? What kind of teaching would He have given? Ah, have you not thought about such things? Answer me once. What would He have said? That they should love each other. He would have told them to love each other.

Then how do you love? To educate, there must be a textbook, and similarly, what standard would He set for them to love each other? At that time, God would have surely said, 'Adam, love Eve as much as you love me.' Or to Eve, 'Eve, love Adam as much as you love me.' This is a precise statement. When telling Adam and Eve to love, would He have said, 'Hey, when you love each other, don't love more than me, but love a little less'? Or would He have said, 'Love more'? What do you think? 'More.' What about God? If Adam and Eve loved Him so much until now, wouldn't God feel sad if they started to love each other more than Him? God and Adam are not the same. There is God, and there is Adam and Eve. If Adam and Eve become one, God would be left alone, alone. 'No.' Why not? You may not understand this well. 

What we need to understand is that the center of love is God. Therefore, when these two love each other, the more they love, the more they absorb God into their love. So, in true love, God is always present among them.

That is why when Adam loves Eve, he loves her in place of God, and when Eve loves Adam, she has the concept of loving him in place of God. Therefore, the life of Adam and Eve becomes a representation of God's life. When Adam and Eve are happy, God is also happy internally, and when they are sad, God can feel that sadness internally as well. Why is that? Because love belongs to God, love belongs to Adam, and love belongs to Eve. Because it is one love, it cannot be otherwise.

They are united as one, but the center must always be God. If you hear this, you become one. This is how they become one. When they spread out, God comes in the middle. When this happens, it always becomes central. It is the opposite. (Speaking while acting)

Everything in the universe operates centered around love.
Therefore, what does the universe revolve around? It revolves around love. We can establish this concept here. Without love, the center of everything cannot be determined. For a family to become a happy family in the future, it must revolve around the love of the parents; for a nation to be happy, it must revolve around the love of the king and patriotism; for the universe to unite, it must revolve around God's overall love, the love that can love the universe. This logic is established. Therefore, wherever you go, it is not just about going; you return while going.

For example, Armstrong went to the moon on Apollo 11, and he might have said, 'Oh, I don't want to go back now that I've come to the moon I've dreamed of.' However, why did he return? Because of love. You can think of it this way. Right? 'Yes.' The idea of wanting to return, wanting to go back, is something that can be established in this way. 'Oh, I'm hungry, so I will go back to eat.' This is temporary. Love is precious. Right? 'Yes.' The statement of wanting to return truly contains the intention to seek the path of true love.

Therefore, everything revolves around love. The universe is meant to revolve. Everything that acts moves based on love, so the power of love has such content that all existing things cannot help but resemble a circle.

Isn't it the same in the world? If a loving parent sees something their beloved child loves, to that parent... that object is nothing. However, the object that their beloved child had is treated as an object of love in the parent's heart.

For example, there is a little baby bird. When you see it, it is nothing. But when the parent sees it... if their child liked that little bird, they would want to place it on the desk for their child. That is worthless, but why? Because their beloved child has that as an object of love. That is why it is so. Right? 'Yes.' Why? Love, love...

What does God like the most?
So, what does God like the most? What does God like the most? He likes strength, strength. (Laughs) Then knowledge, intelligence, and then money. (Laughs) What does God lack? What does God lack? Love. God cannot love alone. He cannot love alone. Love can only be expressed through a counterpart, so love requires an object. Love must have an object. That object was humanity.

So, what about people? They may like eyes and hands, but they cannot just like one thing. They can only like the whole. Love can govern everything! Love can overcome everything! Do you see it that way? 'Yes.' Is there anything dirty in love? 'No.'

If a parent loves their child, what is dirty? If there is something dirty in the child, can they eat that dirty thing? What do you think? Now, I will talk about that. When a beloved baby poops, the parent touching it is not considered dirty. What about tasting it? Tasting it? (Laughter) Everyone laughs. 'Oh, that person is a terrible person. They are crazy. They have lost their mind.' That is the problem. You must be able to go beyond that point. Do you want to love that can go beyond that point, or do you want to love that cannot go beyond that point? The person who wants to go beyond answers, 'I want to love that can go beyond that point.' Everyone says this. (Laughter, applause) But why did you laugh earlier?"
Alright, between people in love. "Oh dear, dear, what is that on your hand? Oh my! Your nails are dirty! There must be a lot of germs." Which person do you prefer, the one who says that or the one who just cleans it up regardless of the germs? (Laughter) Who would you prefer, the one who says it’s dirty or the one who says, "Oh, it’s nice" while cleaning it up? Have you thought about that? If you love without thinking it’s dirty and just clean it up, then all those germs become medicine. They become medicine. (Laughter. Applause) If there’s such a person, would you look at them and say they’re crazy or would you say they’re doing well? Where? Don’t think, just answer quickly. "They’re doing well." Really? "Yes." There’s a loving wife, and while she’s in the bathroom doing her business, if her husband comes in and hugs her and kisses her, would that be considered good or bad? (Laughter) Now, if the husband does that and the woman says, "Oh, this crazy man!" who is the wonderful person? (Laughter) It’s not something to laugh about. It’s not funny.

So, what kind of husband will you get? Our young ladies, what kind of husband will you get? Will you get a husband who loves you, or will you get a wife who criticizes you saying, "Oh, what’s that in the bathroom?" Which one? "Loving…." Really? You will definitely want a love that forgets the smell and everything else. That’s for sure. I think so. Do you all agree? Would you prefer that kind of love or a love that says you must be clean before loving? If you can love like that and receive such love, then you are a happy person.

When you go to the spirit world, those who have loved in such a way, forgetting all the dirt, will be in a higher dimension of the spirit world. Is there anyone among you who goes into the bathroom and thinks, "Oh, it stinks! I have to run out!"? Do you think like that? (Laughter) Isn’t that right? That’s the truth. Now you understand well, right? It’s not good to talk about the bathroom, but we must recognize that it’s a wonderful and amazing story, more than delicious food or fun. (Laughter. Applause)

Those who cannot love like that must reflect and start doing so from today. In such places, everything can be reconciled through love, and in the bathroom, you can still be happy and dance; that’s where the true love of God will be. When you look at the world, you might think, "How can such a beautiful woman and such an unattractive man live happily together?" It seems impossible. But why do they live well? Because they have experienced a love that transcends the love that beautiful people can have. "That ugly nose is even more charming. Those ears are charming too. Those eyes are charming. Even more charming." That’s what it is. (Laughter) Do you understand?

Without love, nothing can be done. When you think like this, is God beautiful or not? No matter how beautiful God is, if there is no love, God is worse than an ugly person with love. That’s why all the terms like omniscient, omnipotent, and unique are unnecessary. They are only needed when there is love; without love, everything is in vain. With love, everything… Do you understand now? Do you need love? "Yes." These days, when you look at Americans… Do you like American-style love? "No." Then what kind of love?

Let’s renew our face. 
To establish our face, we must put in more effort than anyone else. When you come into the Unification Church, you say, "It’s the restoration providence, and we must unite the world," but no matter how much you unite the world and become brothers, if you take away love, it’s all in vain. Now, we bought the Mormon Church… When I came here, I didn’t feel very good. Mr. Park might have felt good, but I didn’t feel good. Why? Because we bought something built by the Mormon Church. If we had built it ourselves, it would have been better. If the Mormon Church people had put in more effort, love, and dedication than what they did when they brought those stones from 9,000 feet high… Ah! It would have been more magnificent! We just took what others had done and painted and repaired it for a few days; can we compare our effort to theirs? How long did it take? About 40 days? How many days did it take? "It took 60 days." Two months. Even if we couldn’t do it, the Mormon Church would have taken about two years. It might have taken longer back then. It probably took about two or three years. "It took three years." Can we compare that? Can we compare it or not? We didn’t do it.

Do the people gathered here think we put in more effort? "Yes." You all say "yes." But when you look from God’s perspective, who knows history best, is that really true? Are you confident? "Yes." Look. When I think about it, the Mormon Church put in effort to build it, and they sold it… The problem is that the entire Mormon Church must unite and put in more effort than when they built this church to build a new sanctuary. What do you think?

Did the Mormon Church build it close by? "Yes." Did all the members of the Mormon Church unite more to build that house than to build this church? The Mormon Church people don’t know. They just used money… What would it have been like? When God looks at it, would He want to be in the new, nice Mormon Church, or would He want to be in this small but heartfelt place? What do you think? To God, the size of the temple doesn’t matter. Good or bad doesn’t matter. It doesn’t matter at all. No matter how globally famous a palace is built, would God want to be there? Do you think so? "No."

In that sense, "God would be here rather than in that newly built Mormon Church. As members of the Unification Church, we must put in more effort than they did, and when we do that, the traditional connection that God can be pleased with will continue." That’s what I thought. With that thought, I came here. If God had interest in the old Mormon Church, He would have even more interest here, and a new history will begin here. But if that doesn’t happen, it will end as a church below the Mormon Church.

So, we must clean this area and make it a topic of the Unification Church. From this place… If the Mormon Church shed tears, we must shed even more. We must start building our achievements from this place and do even more. On that day, we will be able to establish our face before God, who is concerned about the church, and we will be able to establish the face of all those who have worked for Washington and for God. 

When you work, one thing you must think about is, among those who believed in Washington, or for several decades… How long has the history been here? "About 200 years." In that 200-year history, if you have the heart to be more faithful than anyone who has dedicated themselves to God, then God will work with you more than those who have dedicated themselves to heaven in the historical age. God cannot deal with someone who is less than those who have dedicated themselves in the historical age; you must advance. You must advance. Then, in this era, we must maintain the highest position for heaven compared to the existing churches. Whether we are not dressed up, not well-fed, or our faces are pale, that’s nothing. It’s not a problem. Adam and Eve didn’t wear makeup, and Adam probably had a beard and all sorts of things, but God loved them. Can that be possible? "Yes."

This Washington is the capital of the United States. It is the center representing the whole of America. Do you know why we are putting the Unification Church symbol on top? This is the first time. Look. When we bought the theological college, I told them to take down the symbol. So, this morning, did I tell you to take it down or to leave it? "You told us to leave it." Why? Why did I do that? This is the capital of the United States. In this capital, our Unification Church is dedicating this church with more love than all Americans have put in, and we have raised our symbol from the heart of love to represent God’s victory. (Cheers. Applause)

And in 1965, when I set foot on this American land, I swore and promised before God, and that was concluded with the 1976 Washington Conference. (Applause) At the center of Washington, in Washington City, on September 18, 1976, we established this as a sanctuary where we can again inherit our spirit.
I must be careful. Therefore, we must do more than that. Because we have built it on that spot, we must put in more effort. This year, 1977, has been declared a new year of origin for the Unification Church, so building a church centered around Washington and raising a symbol signifies a new beginning in our world. That is why I said to leave the symbol as it is. (Applause) 

Where should this symbol be placed? When the world becomes one and we create the highest sanctuary where God can dwell, we must develop it to that extent. Starting from here... When you look at that symbol, you should think that it must be placed in the palace of the heavenly nation that can guide our one nation. It must be placed there. To reach that place, we must advance even if there are many paths of suffering. We must progress while ascending. Now, for us, there is only advancement; there can be no retreat. Do you want that? "Yes!" Do you really want that? "Yes!" Do you fall behind others? Do you lag behind others? The sacrifices increase with advancement. So, is that good? "Yes!" 

Then the Unification Church will become the religion needed in the world, and the ideology of the Unification Church will dominate the world. Therefore, since the Unification Church has walked the path of suffering until now, we must do even more. If you do not plant the flag of our symbol in the nation centered on God in the future, you will not be able to rest in that nation. You must understand that there are many tasks left to be done on earth when you go to that nation. 

To inherit God's love, we must carry out a movement of hardship and devotion. Now, I would say to you, "Hey, Unification Church members, you all must love the church more than I do." Would I say, "Love more than me"? "Love more!" Do you have the confidence to do that? "Yes!" If anyone had the love for God that I have, anyone could do it. You have not suffered to come this far. You have not suffered more than I have. If you think about that, you must suffer more than I have. Everyone thinks that way. Everyone feels that they must work harder and suffer more than I do. 

If the established churches had accepted the Unification Church, I would not have had to suffer. The world would have already been united. But the reason I have suffered so much is that the people of the world did not seek God's will, so I had to take that on myself. I fought in their place and won, but if there is a reward for that, should I just say, "Give me that without any effort"? Should I not pay the price to receive it? "Pay the price." For that, the direction of love must be the same. The direction of love must be the same. I came out to fulfill God's will and to save humanity, so you must also act with the same love in fulfilling God's will and saving humanity. God seeks those who have true love and have overcome the historical cross. Those who say they do not know about the historical cross and want to go comfortably... There is no place to go comfortably. To say that I will receive God's love is impossible. 

What was the biggest war in America? It was the Civil War. There is no war greater than the Civil War that can be boasted of historically. Isn't that right? If there is a war that the American people are more concerned about, it would be a more tragic and difficult war that stakes the fate of America. 

In that case, all the battlefields of the Civil War era would retreat to other places. Even if it is a historical site from 100 years ago, it can create such a site right now. Even without history, it can create something greater than that. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

If God is to take an interest in the Unification Church members in Washington, you must do more than that. Without doing more, there will be no interest. When our Washington church's movement goes that way, even if God is with any church in America, that God will surely move to the Unification Church. So, our church... Our church is a spiritual church, right? "Yes." Therefore, we must keep the light on 24 hours a day. Do not turn off the lights in this room. We must always keep the lights on. It is okay to turn them off during the day. While doing so, we must put in our devotion. Even if it is just one person, keep the light on and put in your devotion. Thus, when we connect the tradition we had during the Washington conference, we will develop. So we must start a movement of keeping the lights on and putting in our devotion, gradually increasing the number of lights. (Cheers. Applause) 

Look. If the light does not turn on, we must make it turn on. If there are ten people praying here, there is no need for all ten to pray here. One person can stay, and the other nine can go out to pray at dawn. They can go to the sanctuary, turn on the light, and say, "God, I have come to pray." Then the pastors of that church will feel a burden. Can you do that? "Yes!" 

Now, the activities we did during the Washington conference must continue 24 hours a day, whether day or night. We know that God was with us during the Washington conference. Was He with us or not? "He was." We must continue to serve that God... 

When we work hard to establish God's face, the heavenly kingdom on earth will be realized, and our Unification Church members will speak of the completion of restoration. We must achieve the completion of restoration. Now, when Adam laughed, who did he laugh at first? "God!" When he sang, who did he sing to? "God!" When he danced, who did he dance for? "God!" But when you gather here to sing and dance, who are you doing it for? For Reverend Moon? For Park Bo-hee? No. It is for God. When you gather here and stay up all night talking and laughing, it is not just to meet men and women. It is to laugh for God. (Cheers. Applause) 

So, "God! You are in that nice White House, why are you sitting here? Even if you say, 'No, I like it here.' On the day that happens... To properly guide America and to save America is not the White House, nor the Capitol; you must understand that. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

God must say that He will always be here and will not leave. Then this place will become a historical base for the movement that can unify heaven and earth and create one world. Then God will say, "Ah, Reverend Moon, you have established my dignity as my son and have established my face." After that, if there is one wish, it is to make those who follow you even greater than you. This is God's wish. Why? Because for that family to do well, the sons and daughters must be better than the father. That is why God... (The recording briefly cuts out) 

Do you want that? "Yes." It is hard, isn't it? "It is!" We must understand that on the path we take, there are curses and prisons calling out to us. Even so, will you really do it? "Yes." 

Christians must understand this. Because Jesus died on the cross, those who believe in Christianity, those who believe in Jesus, are asked to be able to endure even in positions beyond the cross. This was God's will that put Jesus to death. Without this, they could not conquer Rome. We must understand this. 

It is the same. If there are people who follow Reverend Moon and love him, they must work harder than Reverend Moon. They must become better than him. What does that mean? It means they will inherit 100 percent. If you do that, the foundation that the teacher has laid until now will become yours. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." The teacher is now approaching sixty-two years old, but I do not think I have done enough work. I think I will start working from now on. And when I die... That is how I will die. Therefore, you must be the ones who establish God's face, and you must be the ones who establish the teacher's face, and you must be the descendants who establish your own face and your nation. When that happens, that world will surely become a heavenly kingdom. 

When people see your faces, they should be able to say, "I do not know Reverend Moon of the Unification Church, but seeing the people of the Unification Church, they do not seem bad." We must make that happen. Now, at this scientist conference, all the scholars were against our people. They were against our people. They do not know Reverend Moon, but they were against our people. When you step one step further than the teacher, when you go one step further than the teacher, when you have the determination to go one more step beyond the teacher, then the purpose of the Unification Church will already be fulfilled. 

Today, December 4, is quite interesting. Twelve years ago, on April 12, 1965, I came here, and now December 4 perfectly matches that. That is quite interesting. When I think of this, I must deeply consider how the Unification Church will be in twelve years from now, centered around this foundation and heading toward the world... When you have the heart of Reverend Moon, or even more than that, and make the determination to go one step further, one step further, the world will be within our purpose... 

So, will you establish the teacher's face? "Yes!" You are one man and one woman. You must establish the dignity of men and the face of men. When thinking of men, looking at all the great men from Noah to Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and the time of the teacher, although they were all said to be great, they all failed. However, I think that I must establish my own face and succeed in my time. So, can you establish the face of men? "Yes!" Otherwise, you cannot become children of God. Those who cannot establish their face before fallen people and receive God's praise cannot surpass the position of Adam and Eve before the fall. 

To become a woman who establishes her face before God by indemnifying Eve's mistakes... 

Now, how about women? Looking at America, all the women in the world seem to be... This is a paradise for women. This country is a kingdom for women. Then, with all the dignity of being a woman... Even if the president of this country is riding in a car, if a woman is in front... What will the president do? The president will open the door for the woman. Women have so much dignity! How imposing they are! (Laughter) We must think about that. 

I have thought about whether it was men or women who ruined America. What do you think? Who do you think would ruin this country? "Women." Man, woman? "Women." Why? (Laughter) Who has more deceitfulness? Look. Women have more deceitfulness than men. Why is that? (Laughter) Why is that? (Acts) They all want to be tangled up. (Laughter) That is what it is. Isn't that right? 

Pure things... What is made up is not real. That is all. They are all descendants of Eve who tangled Adam, so they all inherit and play around. Therefore, if all the women in America want to establish their face on earth as women, what must they do? They must go in the opposite direction, the extreme opposite. Our Unification Church women, are your nails long or short? "Short." If there is a woman with long nails, raise your hand. I will pluck them out with a clipper! (Laughter) What does that mean? It means you will not work. You will not do laundry, you will not clean, and you will not do anything. It means, "I will not work and will live off others." And then they will sell their looks... That is what it means. That is why I do not like Unification Church members who wear makeup. If my mother wore makeup, I would react like this. (Makes a face. Laughter) 

So, looking at it this way, women should say, "I was born as a woman on this earth. I am a woman who can establish my face before heaven and earth and all men." Have you ever had that pride? You did not know until now. So now, you must listen to the teacher and feel that it cannot be like that, and you must make a new determination. Our Unification Church young women, can you be swayed by a handsome man who comes to seduce you? "No!" Really? "Yes!" Even if he is handsome, when the teacher's command comes, you will do whatever it is, and no matter how handsome he is, if he says to do fundraising, you will do fundraising, and if he says to beg, you will beg. You will do all those things. Is that right? "That is right." 

Why is that? Why is that? In the past, when Eve did not listen to Adam and acted freely, she fell by seducing men without her husband knowing. Now, when she meets a true man, she can establish her dignity and face by absolute obedience and absolute submission. So, she will become a woman who establishes her dignity before men. Did you think about that while fundraising? 

Reverend Moon is an expert at activating women as MFT members. (Laughs) While fundraising on the street, they cry, and all kinds of people are there. And they must do it. They must face embarrassment from countless people. Since there is no way to escape the mistakes of Adam and Eve and no way to indemnify them, if there is a way to indemnify, I must think that it is my mission to walk that path with gratitude. Thus, I have learned the path of restoration that can return to God after being recognized. 

It is not for making money that I am doing this. It is for establishing the dignity and face of women. No matter what man tries to seduce with money or anything else, I must prove that I have become a woman who firmly maintains her authority and is not like the Eve of the past, and I must work until I discover a self that is not ashamed to stand before men. No matter what seduction it may be. 

Now, a thirty-something unmarried woman has passed the age to get married, but even in such a difficult environment, she must become a woman whose eyes shine with the determination to overcome all harsh environments and become a daughter of God. The women of the Unification Church must have the pride that they fight not only for themselves but also for society, the nation, the world, and even for God and humanity. 

So, women, do you want to lose to men or not? "We will not lose." Men are the ones you dislike the most.
Because what we are doing is about taking the boat, we will make our women captains and women fishermen. So, we are making the boat now. (Applause) Look. Why? Ordinary mothers and fathers, opposing parents say that Reverend Moon is trying to enslave everyone, and they oppose it, but why do we need to engage in such antics? Even if we hear such words a thousand or ten thousand times, they will all flow away, but if we establish the dignity of women through this performance, it means that even if we survive for a thousand or ten thousand years, we will endure. This is how I think.

When women go to the spirit world, they cannot lift their faces in front of heaven and earth because they are ashamed, but if I create such women, I believe it will be a condition to establish the authority of women who can finally lift their faces. Then they will finally lift their faces. When they lift their faces, how grateful will they be to Reverend Moon, and how thankful will they be to that woman? The ideology is different. The thoughts are different. Do you understand, women? Do you understand? "Yes."

So, do you want to take revenge on Reverend Moon who makes you suffer, or do you want to respect him? "We respect him." Why? Where is such a thing? Where is such a thing when he makes you suffer? Right now, it may be a loss, but in the future, it will be a gain. You must understand that this is the principle of social development. The world looks down on us, but we look up. To rise, there are many necks to lift. Looking down is just going as your feet go...

There are many Americans who eat without working, and when I see them here, there are many overweight people, and that’s good. It’s good. Among the overweight people, there are more women than men. Are there more men or women among the overweight? "Women." Women don’t even think about that. So what do they do? They don’t work; they just eat. Then why are there fewer overweight men? Because men work, there are fewer of them. Therefore, women who are overweight can join the Unification Church and after one year of fundraising, they will become slim. (Laughter. Applause)

I must become someone who is not ashamed in front of God, my husband, my wife, and my children. Time has passed too much. Now, men must establish their dignity as men. Women must establish their dignity as women. In that sense, I spoke these words at today’s church dedication ceremony. Whether you are at home, in the country, in the world, in front of God, in front of men, or in front of women, you must establish a dignified face as a man and a dignified face as a woman. The world where such dignified people live is called the kingdom of heaven on earth. When you live like that with God’s love, everything will develop. The way you live centered on love becomes the standard of rank in the heavenly world.

So, when you are not ashamed in front of God, not ashamed in front of your husband, not ashamed in front of your wife, and not ashamed in front of your children, you will achieve the completion of everything and conclude all matters of establishing dignity. Centered on love... Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Centered on love, you should not be ashamed in front of God, and then what? You should not be ashamed in front of your husband and wife. Today, do the wives in American families not feel ashamed in front of their husbands, and do the husbands not feel ashamed in front of their wives? Then what about their children... Couples fight and divorce, and what about that...

Then all problems will be solved. Because God is the God of the universe, loving God means loving the universe, and loving your husband means loving all men, and loving your wife means loving all women, and loving your children means establishing all conditions that I have loved people since I was young.

The same goes for the teacher. To not be ashamed in front of God... Recently, I... My mother may think I am cruel. Sometimes, even if I am tired, I scold openly. The thoughts are different. You may think that way centered on the individual, but the mother must be a model for following and honoring her husband, representing the women of the spirit world and all women to come. It may not look good in today’s world, but I know that in death, it will be seen as a good thing.

Therefore, the husband must not be ashamed in front of his wife. He must not be ashamed on earth or in the spirit world. Then the wife must not be ashamed in front of her husband. It is the same centered on heaven and earth. When the husband is not going the right way, the wife must advise him. So, she must become a woman who is not ashamed. If she sees something wrong and follows it, leading both to ruin, that is a shameful thing. Then, next, they must not be ashamed in front of their children. And the children must not be ashamed in front of their parents. The children should advise their parents, and the parents should advise their children. They represent the vast entirety of that content... Therefore, the husband is heaven, and the wife is earth. When the two husbands and wives walk together, it is heaven and earth walking together. Everything is relative. Relativity must become one. It is in love that we become one. In such a place, there is always... There is no need to seek God’s love. You do not need to seek God’s love. In that place, God’s love is always present. In such places, all good people gather, and in front of such couples, excellent sons and daughters who can dominate heaven and earth will arise.

So, the conclusion is that love is indispensable. Do you understand? "Yes!" Based on that love, loving humanity like a mother, loving humanity like a father, loving humanity like a husband, loving humanity like a wife, and loving humanity like your own children means that you become a child of God. Do you understand?

Therefore, in order to go through such a process, you must completely cover all the churches that appear in the restoration process, all the people you encounter, society, the nation, and the world with that heart and move to the side where Satan has no accusation rights. You must understand that this is the completion of restoration. Both men and women must go.

So, the teacher thinks that way too. Centered on God, in difficult places, joyful places, in any place, I think about taking my mother with me. One thing I feel sorry for our children, but I feel sorry for our children in that regard. So, when I ask the children, "Is it a good thing or a bad thing that your mother and father think this way?" they say it’s good. "Is it good or bad to leave you at home?" they say it’s good. The children think so too. Even if they separate among themselves, they know it’s a good thing, so... It’s a blessing that when I return home at night, everyone... (The recording briefly cuts out)

If the world of love can connect across distances, that place is where God is present. The path that the teacher has paved is one that the children can automatically follow and participate in. This foundation of the Unification Church, this foundation that the teacher has paved, is something you can also participate in. With what? With love... Now you understand, right? "Yes."

You must clearly understand that without God’s love, you cannot establish the dignity of men, the dignity of the church, the dignity of the nation, or the dignity of the world. What is that love? It is loving more than oneself. You must understand that it is love that loves more than oneself. God loves Adam and Eve more than Himself, Eve loves Adam more than herself, and Adam loves Eve more than himself...

If you, starting from this church, make efforts to multiply that love for the whole with your own love, this church will surely prosper, and all these environments and everything will mature.

Now, I warn you of one thing. Do not shed tears of repentance saying, "I have sinned, I have done wrong," but shed tears of repentance saying, "I have not loved." You must shed tears of repentance for not having loved. Do you understand? "Yes."

From now on, our Unification Church members must become people who, more than any other members or organizations, go beyond themselves and struggle with what they have not loved. If you become such a person, God will surely be with you. Love governs everything, and love triumphs in everything. Love, love!

Now, let’s see a show of hands from those who want to become such people. May God’s blessings be with you! 

The Tradition of the Unification Church

A person cannot escape historical background to live. From the meals you eat in your daily life, your lifestyle is based on the historical traditions you have inherited. Also, the society itself, if it is a sovereign nation, is striving to inherit the traditions of that sovereign state. Therefore, that society, centered on one nation, establishes the conclusion of your success or failure based on the relationship with that sovereignty. Thus, you must start from the individual, go through the family process, the social process, and the national process.

Who are the saints who live inheriting God’s tradition? 

From this perspective, what kind of person is a patriot? A person who has inherited the traditions that must be upheld as an individual and has done what an individual must do; a person who has inherited the traditions of the family and has done what must be done in the family; a person who has inherited the traditions of society and has done what must be done in society; and a person who has inherited the traditions of the nation and has done what must be done to establish that nation is concluded to be a patriot.

December 11, 1977, (Sunday), USA. 
* The exact location could not be confirmed.

Then what is a saint? You see, historical figures like Jesus, Buddha, Confucius, or Muhammad are called historical saints, and many people in history have made efforts to inherit their traditions based on those standards, which is why cultural spheres centered around religion have formed. 

So, did those people live on this earth and do as they pleased? Did they live happily while doing such things? No, they did not. Rather, they walked paths that were more unhappy than those of ordinary people.

So why did they live that way? They did not live according to their own intentions but lived for the purpose that God desires, for the world that God wants, and they lived to follow that. Even as individuals, they always thought about how a person’s character should be to inherit God’s tradition, how life should be lived. The same goes for the family. They always thought that, in terms of God’s tradition, a family should be like this. Then, in social life, they always thought that, in terms of God’s tradition, individuals should be like this, families should be like this, and social life should be like this.

Then, they thought that the country that establishes God’s tradition should be like this. Furthermore, they thought that the world should be one world, a nation under God’s sovereignty, and that all people in this world should go this way, living based on God’s tradition. They also lived to establish the tradition of the eternal world, the spirit world, not just this physical world where humans live.

Thus, from human life on this planet to life in the spirit world, they must completely align with the tradition to finally enter the world of God’s love. We can certainly understand here that they had such a seven-stage thought process.

A person whose heart of love does not change is a true person.

So, what kind of God is God? Because He governs the spirit world and this earth, everything must be completed by connecting with God through love, from the earth to the spirit world. Therefore, all the saints have been bound by the constraints of this world but lived for the future.

They carried the hope of an eternal future, and since that hope is of the future, there was no foundation for that hope in this world. Therefore, they invested their lives and all their possessions to establish traditions that could connect with the future through personal practice, family practice, and influence in society and the nation. Such people belong to the ranks of saints.

What is a saint? A true person. So, what is a true person? A person who can be guaranteed by heaven and earth, by God, through the past, present, and future. Then why is a person recognized as a true person in the past, present, and future? Why is that person a true person? Why? Why is that person a true person? Because they are like God. What kind of being is God? God is the truth that does not change in the past, present, and future. The truth connects the past to the present and the present to the future. The future can return to the past.

Then what is the basis for recognizing the truth of the past, present, and future? Is the face the same in the past, present, and future? Are actions the same in the past, present, and future? What must be the same? God is the truth of the past, present, and future, but what is true? What was centered to become true? 

"Love!" That’s right. Love! In love, there is no change in the past, present, and future.

Therefore, what kind of person is a true person? A person who has a heart of true love like God, whether from youth to adulthood and even in old age, who, even when they go from this earthly world to the spirit world, has a heart of love that does not change. Whether loving on earth or loving spiritual beings in the spirit world or loving God, they have the same love. 

This conclusion arises. You must firmly establish this principled standard.

You say, "What did I do wrong? I am a true person." How is it? "No." (Laughter) Can a person become a true person just because their actions do not change? "No." Right, "No." Even if their actions are good and they practice what they say, without love, it cannot be done. Is that right? "That’s right."

If you are fed and supported by your parents’ actions, and they take full responsibility for you without saying a word, is that perfect? "No." There must be love. When they do that with love, then you say, "Ah, my parents are the best." Now, if you get married and your husband just kisses you and does this and that, and acts as he says, does that make him a true husband? Why? Why? Why does it need to be more than that? "Love!"
(love; 사랑)!」Love! Love! It's love, love.  
So what is love? What is love? Have you thought about it? Is it something like a husband? Is it something like a mother or father? What is love? It is something like God. Then what is something like God? It is a love that cannot be refused, a love that cannot be hated. It is a heart that cannot deny my existence, that cannot refuse to acknowledge me. That is the heart of God. If you love someone, would you ever think, 'Oh, I wish that person didn't exist'? You always want to be together, always, always, always. Day or night, no matter where you go... Isn't that how it should be?  
Do American mothers and fathers feel that way today? What is that? Are they fake mothers and fathers, or real ones? Try telling your mother and father, 'You fake parents...' and see how much they like it. (Laughter) Try it and see. Would they be happy? 'Oh! You're right.' Would they say, 'You little rascal!'? What is it? (Laughter) How do you say it?「The latter.」  
God's providence is a providence that fights against the world of Satan.  
So, what about you? Are you true sons and daughters? What is it? Are you becoming true sons and daughters, or false ones? What is it? Right now, you may not be bad sons and daughters, but if you continue like this, will you become bad people or good people in the future? Your mothers and fathers want to take you everywhere, saying, 'Hey, hey, follow me,' day and night, or do they say, 'Oh, go away'? What do you think? They complain about privacy and such. Is there privacy in love? Is there?「No.」(Laughter)  
Ask God, 'God! What time do you have for loving? Is it at this time in the morning, or at twelve o'clock and a few minutes?' Shouldn't God also have privacy? There is a problem. God has no such privacy. In God, centered on love, there is no privacy. For someone who wants to love for 24 hours, 365 days, for thousands of years, God will come to them. So, would you like God or not?「I would.」If you were like God, would you be happy for 24 hours, or just for a few days? Would you be happy for a few more days, or for a billion years?「Permanently!」You know it, seeing that you say permanently.  
If you were born as a woman, you must find such a husband to go to the kingdom of heaven properly. Born as a woman, receiving love from such parents, receiving love from such a husband, and loving sons and daughters like that, you will completely pass, completely pass. Shouldn't there be something like that? Shouldn't there be a formula? Is this all just a mess? Do you think there should be something?「Yes.」  
Then what is God's providence for the future? God's providence is a providence that fights in the world of Satan. It is a fight. It is a providence of fighting. Look. Jesus came to the well-off Jews and fought, calling them a brood of vipers and hypocrites, right? It was all a war. Isn't that a war? 'Oh, the Jews are doing well, the Pharisees are doing well. The lawgivers are doing well.' If he praised them all, would he have died?「No.」It's the same. If people like Muhammad or Confucius had done the same, everything would have changed.  
So why does Reverend Moon of our Unification Church get criticized? 'Oh, America is the number one country in the world. It is God's beloved country, God's beloved number one people. God is here. Look at New York. God made all of this!' Is that why he gets criticized? (Laughter) Because he cuts off their necks, right? They say it will perish, it will perish, it will be cursed! They don't even want to hear that from their own sons and daughters, but an unexpected Asian person comes and hits them with it, so how unpleasant would that be? Do you like hearing such things when the teacher talks like this every morning? You don't want to hear it, right? (Laughter) Even knowing that, he keeps saying it, knowing it. Unless you can accept it psychologically with gratitude and joy and obey, you cannot make a fresh start.  
'No matter how much I get criticized, send me to a good place. Send me to a wonderful place.' But what is that wonderful place? Where is that better place? What do you call that better stand? What kind of place is that?  
In the past, you could go anywhere freely, enter any restaurant freely, and just roam all over America, but in the Unification Church, you cannot go freely. When I was in school, I never even thought about fundraising or selling flowers, but what is this? What is this? Oh! I never even thought about fundraising, but now I'm fundraising and selling peanuts and whatnot... What is this? These days it's so cold that it's unbearable. Is that a better stand? Is that a better place?「Yes.」  
Then why is that? Why is that? Can't you live without it? You could sleep for twelve hours, and with 24 hours, you could sleep for eighteen hours and work for eight hours, right? (Laughter) But why is it a problem, why? This is a problem here and a problem there, whether it's Reverend Moon or Park Bo-hee, the villain... These days it's a problem in the National Assembly, a problem in theaters, a problem in politics, economy, society, everywhere, so why is it a problem, why? Is it to make money?「No.」It is not that.  
Let's share love, love. In a place where everyone dislikes, we want to share God's love, unchanging love. We want to share love. We want to discuss God's love on the street, in our homes, in our towns, in our cars, everywhere we go, we want to connect and discuss God's love. Everything that comes from me, from my hands, is a gift of love.  
Fundraising is a means to share God's love.  
As I walk down the street, I see a little girl tapping a man's back. 'What's wrong?' I look and she wants me to buy peanuts. So I think, 'You little rascal!' Here, I had a loving heart, but over there, she is hitting me. Now, look. That evokes a mission of love that comes from God in me. I must carry the mission of love. I was raised to do representative love on behalf of many nations. So, to share love, I have no choice but to convey these conditional things. God also offers sacrifices through conditional things... Have you thought about that? Huh?「Yes.」  
Now we have to sell newspapers, sell newspapers. We are running at a deficit. It is not for making money. And yet, we are told to visit 360 homes. Do people like it when others come to visit them, or not?「They don't like it.」Then why do we go? Why? Why do we go while being despised? To share God's love. When I see this, this street will become a symbol of victory. It will be a symbol of God's victory... All the wicked and villains go around deceiving others and leeching off others, but has there ever been someone like me who goes around sharing love? No. Have you ever thought about that? Waking up at dawn, doing this day and night. Why do we do it, why? Why does Reverend Moon say to do this? To share love, love.  
If you go out with this heart, those people will receive education without saying a word. Wow! Those people are great... If you tap them, they are strong. They are strong. There is something strong there. There is something that cannot be done according to one's own will. It is not just about selling things and going around evangelizing. There is something great. There is something big. It is bigger than oneself. I don't know, but I cannot ignore it. They are people who can see the future, know the present, and understand the past. And they have a heart of love like a master. If it were someone else, they would be discouraged, their eyes or face would wrinkle, and they would be filled with worries, but their faces and eyes are sparkling and filled with hope. Is that true, everyone?「Yes.」(Laughter)  
Then why is it such a problem? Why is it such a problem? It is to polish myself, to polish myself. Everyone, when you go to the riverside, do you see pretty stones, smooth stones? Do you like those? Do you want those pebbles that are sharp and just shaped like arrows?「Smooth pebbles.」Why? Why do you like that? You think it's beautiful, but that's what ordinary people see. Why is it beautiful in our Unification Church? Because we think, 'Wow, you must have suffered a lot!' It means that there is no place you haven't been, whether it's in the mountains or anywhere else. You oppose yourself and throw away those horns, thinking, 'Oh! What should I do? My horns keep getting worn down...' and you just endure, endure. All the different things become round. So everything rounds out. What was like this keeps becoming round.  
It looks good from below, looks good from the side, looks good from above... Buy a ball and look at people's faces from all directions. They are the same. No matter where, they are the same! Look at them all squished, are they the same? Do you like flat things, long things, or round things?「I like round things.」Why? Why do you like that? Because it resembles God. God likes round things. Look at what He made. Eyes are round, noses have round holes, mouths are round when you say 'Ah!', hands are round, everything is round.  
Do you like Western noses or Eastern noses? I prefer Eastern noses to Western noses. Why? Because they are closer to a circle. That's how I think. The round shape is the best. (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean?「Yes.」  
The money made from fundraising is a love offering to God.  
An hour has already passed. If I keep talking like this, it will be endless. It will get quite long...「Wow!」You are sitting comfortably and listening, so you like it, right? Now you have to go sell newspapers. (Laughter) When you listen to me, your energy drains away, so going out to sell newspapers and getting criticized is better. It is faster.  
Now, is it better to sell newspapers politely, or to sell them in a lively manner? How should it be sold?「In a lively manner.」Really?「Yes.」Because you have done this kind of thing, when people see a Unification Church member, ordinary people recognize it right away. Ordinary people can tell that we are different right away.  
With a mouth like this, and thick lips that make it hard to speak, how can she speak so well? 'Where did she learn that?' No matter how you look at it, she doesn't seem capable of that with those lips and that mouth, but through training, she has become that way. (Laughter) While fundraising, trying to persuade both good and bad people, she has adapted to the times and circumstances and can respond to everything, so she is fully trained. You must understand that this is a rigorous training. Is it easy to take that money tightly bound in your wallet and make someone spend it? (Laughter) How wonderful is that training, how wonderful?  
At that time, you must become closer than that loving wife, and you must be closer than that person's daughter. After that person buys it, instead of saying, 'Ugh, that feels bad,' they will think, 'I wish she were my daughter. I wish he were my son.' When that happens, when you meet again, that person will greet you first. They will greet you first. And if they want to buy again, they will say, 'You bought me something last time, so you don't have to buy me something today.' How wonderful is that? Then they will ask, 'Are you really going to buy me something?' and then they might buy everything at once. You can sell everything at once like that. (Laughter) It can happen.  
But then when you come back, you will say, 'I made a lot of money...' I like making money more than selling a lot of goods. (Laughter) When all those goods ask me to send them as gifts of love, I will be happy to send them. After that, I will make money and do all of this.  
If those goods became candy, would the candy like that it was sold, or dislike it?「They would like it.」Who would the candy want to be eaten by? 'I hope the person who loves me, the person who sold me with a good heart, gets to eat me.' They would wish that the person who bought it would eat it. If that person is not someone they love, they would think, 'Oh, I wish someone who loves me could eat it.' They would think that it would be eaten along the path of love. They would think it would be eaten by that person's beloved wife, or by that person's beloved daughter. If there is someone who eats it deliciously and gratefully, it becomes a medicine that heals diseases. That is possible.  
Then you will come back and say, 'I will give all the money...' That makes people good, and then it makes God good. Why is that good? Does God like money? It is a return for love. It is a love offering. That is why, to the person who buys things with money, if they have a loving heart and give God a thousandfold, ten thousandfold blessing, God grants the authority of blessings and love to that household, to the person who ate it, through everyone.  
A person who can accept even one more thing is a wonderful person.  
If you do a lot of such things, there will be many things that God can remember, and you will become a pipe that shares God's love, just like a water pipe.  
Do you want to be a going pipe?「No.」You want to be a thick pipe. To become a giant pipe, do you have to say, 'Oh, I don't want to do it!' or do you have to act like this? How should you do it?「You have to act.」You know it. You know it, but do you do it or not? Do you do it or not?「I do.」Until now, you didn't know. Since you didn't know, you didn't do it. You didn't know how fun this was. Think about how fun it would be. Will you start doing it from this morning?「Yes.」  
So what do you do? What becomes of that? Everyone, your faces look like this. (Drawing makes everyone laugh) That's right. You look even worse than this. (Laughter) Why? Because I am trying to make you like the stones by the water. Well, everything that should break has broken. Everything that should fall has fallen. You have become round like this. So, do you want to be a bright red stone among round stones, a black stone, or a white stone? Huh? Which one do you like? Among papers, do you like white paper, red paper, or yellow paper? Which one do you like? (Different answers) Which one? I like white.
I like white things. So I like white people too. (laughs) Why are you laughing? Why do I like white paper? Because it can accept all colors. Red paper does not accept red things. Blue does not accept blue things. Do you understand? "Yes." Why? Why? Because it can accept at least one more thing. Similarly, what kind of person do we like? We like a person who can accept more than just one thing. Is that right or wrong? "That's right." There are many wonderful things within the opposite. If someone else were in that situation, they would just say, "Oh dear, tsk tsk!" But that's actually very wonderful.

That always becomes a welfare of peace, a welfare of peace. Anyone can come and completely reveal all their talents... So, do you all like white paper too? "Yes." That's right.

You can discover the great love of God through suffering.
Oh, time has passed a lot. Today... Now I understand. So am I good at fundraising and making you suffer, or not? "You're good at it." If you like that more than eating, more than sleeping, more than loving, you will discover a higher love that you have not felt while eating, sleeping, or loving until now. That's the one thing I have given you. There is nothing else. Try doing that. Desire it more than eating, love it more than sleeping, and long for it more than loving. There is a great love of God that you have not found there...

If you work in such a place, even if you go to the dark streets of Harlem in New York, the teacher will be with you and God will be with you. There, you will see with your own eyes and touch with your own hands. Do you think that will happen? "Yes." Such things are not found in the bookstores of the world. It’s not a place where you sit and hang flowers, or hang expensive frames, or put good tables; it’s not a place for sleeping, but a place that can only be found there. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

So that’s how you go. It's not a scam. It's not about using you. In fact, go and see. Because you have the love of God, God will definitely be with you. How many times have you lived in a way that you stood in God's place, visiting each house, weeping and turning back, shedding tears? If you meet an unjust person, how many times have you stayed up all night praying for them, and then when you go to meet them, you hope that they will become a good person? Go once, go again... Think that you will be someone who can see the changes happening little by little.

But if you oppose it, your ancestors will come down and say, "You rascal!" That’s how it is. There, you will discover how much God remembers me, how much God watches over me, and how much God has been on my side. Then, with a heart more resentful than mine, you will strike back. You can discover such things. Can you discover such things while sitting? Can you discover that God is with me? Can you discover that while eating well and lying in bed? No, you cannot. 

Even though the teacher is living like this now, I don’t really like this life. I always long for the life I suffered in prison. In the times when I was worried and slept, I was not alone in that place where I leaned and unknowingly collapsed and slept. God was with me. He always watched over me. There, I was able to discover a deep world of love. Even now, I miss that.

The source of the great power of saints comes from such places. You must know that the great power of saints comes from being rejected and trampled upon. That’s why the teacher does not rest even now. I don’t need good clothes, I don’t need anything. I don’t need honor, nor do I need anyone's welcome. Because God's love is always with me, I am happy even if I am naked. It’s not something I did with my own strength; even if I was stripped by someone else, I am happy if God is with me. Do you all feel the same? "Yes."

When I see pretty girls, I think, "How long will they run away after a few months, selling their faces...?" They will be sold for their faces. How about that? "No." "I don’t like the Unification Church. Oh, I don’t like it." If you say that, will you not be sold? You will be sold. "No." Are you confident? "Yes." You all are. "Since I have this pretty face, handsome men will like me... Oh! So handsome. How can I be this good-looking? Even I think I’m pretty." (laughs) But what is this ugly, shabby outfit? What is this? What is this, wearing this for months? Haven't you taken a bath? What is this? (laughs) What about your fingers? Shouldn't you be wearing a diamond ring? What is this? 

This is what you get for coming to the Unification Church. And even in the cold, what is this? What is so busy that it’s such a big deal? What is it for? Is it for money? Is it for food? Just sitting here... What is this game for? Did you come for money, or for food? "Neither." Then what? What? "Love!" What kind of love? Unchanging love, unchanging love. This unchanging love, what is it? Is it when you are comfortable? It’s when you reach the extreme...

You have to win and rise from the depths of hell. If you watch a movie, what would you prefer? Would you prefer something like this, or something ordinary? When you go to Hollywood, there are many women with dreams of becoming stars, right? They say they are great. Is that real or fake? "Fake." It's fake! Then what are you? "Real." In what way? In making money? In fighting? "No." You are the best at conquering true love.

Have you thought about such things? Have you thought about it or not? "I have thought about it." Have you really thought about it? "Yes." "No matter how wonderful and amazing this world history is, I will become a main character who finds the true path of God's love!" Then should you dress well? Even if you walk around in shabby clothes, you have value.

You wear your shoes backward. Why do you have to wear them backward? You have to explain. Why do you have to do that? Because the world is upside down, I have to do this to go straight. The shoes are trying to follow the world, but I have to go straight, so I have to go this way. How wonderful is that explanation? (laughs)

The direction is given as you want, and I go my own way. How wonderful is that? How dramatic is that? How dramatic is it? "Why do you walk around with a hole drilled in your shoe and all covered in paint?" You explain it so wonderfully. "Looking at the world, everything is opposite to me and is in death. That’s why I have to remind myself of that world and forget it, so I walk this way." That’s a wonderful explanation.

So, who is the main character? Who is the main character? If you are a woman, and say, "God is the subject that leads me," how wonderful is that thought? What if you do your face like this every day? How wonderful is that? When you go to the kingdom of heaven, what kind of record will there be? There will be a record of this history. If there is a record of the history of the palace, will God record what He did alone? He will record all the history of what God loved, what God liked, what God commanded, and what God rejoiced in, and then say, "Oh! There was that history of what I did in New York." Oh dear! Why...?" At that moment, you will be surprised. Do you think that will happen? "I think it will."

It’s the climax, but you’re dozing off. (laughs) How profitable is that? How dramatic is that scene? (laughs) Why do I say this...? I’m looking at the girl who was dozing off, and she doesn’t know what it is... (mimicking dozing off, laughs) Even dozing off is fine if an ugly person does it, but if a pretty person dozes off, oh, it’s a sight to see. Yes, all the good-looking people doze off. (laughs) Now you understand? What is a wonderful thing in the world? What is a wonderful thing in the world? If you can feel and go on the eternal path of eternal love forever...

Is there a president? The president lives for four years with a noose around his neck, for four years. Isn’t that right? Is that good? "No." What about a minister? They live for a few years with a noose around their neck? I think like this. It may look dangerous to others and may not be liked by others, but if you are intoxicated with true love... Do you understand? "Yes."

What are you looking for? "True love." Oh, now you understand. You can forget everything else. What is the Unification Church for? Until now, all the people in this world are dissatisfied people who only know their own things, and among them, there is one true love, and that is what we are trying to find. What will the Unification Church unify with? Is Reverend Moon trying to create a powerful army to say, "Hey, you guys!" to unify? "No." Then what is it? Haven’t you heard the term "master's speak"? Ah, I govern the world... (applause, laughter) What will I use? With atomic bombs...? What will I use? With Reverend Moon's love? "No." It’s God's love, God's love. Reverend Moon can change too. You need to understand this. It’s God's love. When your hearts are burning and God's love is overflowing, even if you don’t want it, you will be unified. Is there any objection to that? "No."

Then is that all? Do you think that everything is solved with that? "Yes." Do you think there is no greater happiness than that happiness? "Yes." How happy will that be? Even while sleeping, your feet dance. (laughs) Even while sleeping, your hands dance. (laughs) Are you happy? How happy will that be? I’m not saying this because I made it up. That’s how it is. If you have such a sincere heart and focus your eyes like this, the whole world will open up. The spiritual world... How great is that power? It means you can penetrate even the spiritual world. And if you are immersed in that love and listen, you can hear the songs sung by God's heavenly hosts in the invisible, intangible world. You are not just breathing air with your nose; you can breathe the air of God's love. You are breathing the air of the kingdom of heaven. All your organs are in motion. When you go to such a place, even when you walk, you float. I am someone who is trying to find that love. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

That love is not in the palace; it goes through hell... It goes through the boundary of hell. It circulates through that boundary. There, God’s love circulates through the boundary, through the depths of hell. 

Then what is God using to block hell? He is blocking it with love. That’s why a person who does not have that love cannot go to heaven. That’s why someone like Jesus said, "Whoever wants to die will live, and whoever wants to live will die." That statement also means to break through this line. This is the truth. The way for fallen humans to find true love is only through this path, and Reverend Moon agrees with that as well. That path was not prepared by God for Himself. It was all prepared for us humans, for me.

What is hell blocked by? "Love." That’s why even if you want to come out of hell, you cannot, because of shame. Right now, the Unification Church is going towards this. Since there is a place in the world that can connect with hell, you have to digest it by going to the depths of that evil. Although you cannot digest the spiritual hell, you can digest the hell on this earth. Therefore, to eliminate the heavenly hell, the only conclusion is to eliminate the earthly hell first. Do you know that the area around our New Yorker hotel is all connected to brothels? In the future, when those women come to you, you will have to go next to them and, when the men come, pull them aside and make them leave. Do you have the confidence to do that? You all have to do that. That’s how you will correct America, America.

So, you have to train for everything, and in the end, you have to clean it all up. Hearing this makes you feel uncomfortable, right? "Teacher, what kind of religion is that? Where is such a religion? We are why we are in this mess, while others are comfortably believing and going to the mountains?" That’s something someone has to do. Should we do it or not? If you look at it from God's perspective, would He be happy to see them acting like His daughters? If there is a daughter who is prepared to die for her brothers to save them, she will surely be praised. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

So, I plan to teach you Taekwondo in the future. I will teach you all Taekwondo. If a man doesn’t listen, I will say, "Hey, what are you sitting there for?" If he doesn’t listen, I will kick him in the side and he will fall down. "Go, you rascal!" That’s what I will say. (laughs) There are women here, and I will say, "Ladies, try this." If I hit them once, will they break a rib and sue me? (laughs) I’m trying to make you all do that. Is that a bad idea or a good idea? "It’s a good idea." Then you will do that, right? "Yes."

So right now, fundraising is nothing. The training of all trainings is this training. Now, do you like this kind of person or not? "Not at all." Okay, I got it, I got it. Now two hours have passed. Time keeps going. Should we stop now? "No." Anyway, since you all like it, that’s good. What a bunch of crazy people. So is it because the teacher speaks well, or is it because you find it interesting? What is it? "It’s because the teacher speaks well." You are listening well. (laughs)

To become a partner of God's love, if you ask God, "What tradition do you want to establish?" what do you think God would say? Would God say, "Oh, it’s to conquer the world"? "No." That could be possible; if God were all-powerful, He would have done it all already. He would have done it all millions of years ago. Since God is omnipotent, He can do that, right? "Yes." 

If God thought gathering money was the best thing, would He have done that?
Is it? You must have already done it. I said you already did it. And if God said, "Ah, knowledge is the best. I will establish a tradition of knowledge," would He have done it or not? "He would have done it." Yes, He would have. Then what would God's concern be? He has done all that...

Now, when we say, "God, how about love in establishing Your tradition?" He would probably say, "I cannot do love." But why can't the Almighty God do that? Why can't He? God would answer, "Love cannot be done alone." Is that right or not? "That's right." So until now, this world has been like this. That's why the world is like this.

To become a partner of God's love, one must love the entire world starting from hell, and then bring forth the unchanging love of God that exists in the past, present, and future. But there are no sons and daughters like that, and that's why it hasn't happened. Is there such a person? Do you think it can happen? "No." That's why history is like this.

Even though God exists, this is the shape it has taken. Now, do you think the true God can believe in people like you and create a world of love? Why has the world become like this? It is because there are no sons and daughters whom God can love. Does God need money? Does God need power? Does God need knowledge? He only needs this kind of love, and before that God wants you to become a particle of love.

Have you ever thought about becoming that? "Even if my youth fades, my love for my God does not change." Can you say that? "In front of God's unchanging love, I would sacrifice everything to love." Can you say that? Is God's love permeating your whole heart and mind? Do you have the heart that can say, "Even if I die miserably, I have no regrets"? 

How much impurity is in your hearts? How much impurity is there in your thoughts? Have you ever thought, "If I do this, the teacher will bless me"? Have you, young ladies? Have you done it or not? "..." When everyone thinks, "Does the teacher recognize me?" and feels disappointed... Is there such a heart or not? "..." You need to shoot them with an atomic bomb.

The tradition of the Unification Church is to expand the front line of true love. Today, the young people in this world live without knowing that. "God does not exist. If the omnipotent God exists, why is the world like this...?" They say. Among so many people, no one thinks that there is no partner for God to love, and that is why it is blocked like this. No one thinks about Reverend Moon. You must understand that even the tireless God has entered a stage where He can get tired.

When you think about that, Reverend Moon should say, "Please do not do that. Do not get tired. Our Unification Church will try once. Please give us some time." Shouldn't that be the tradition of the Unification Church? What I fear the most is the day when the hope that God had for me is cut off. I think the world will perish on that day. So think about how serious God must be. You are before Him. But if you say, "I want to be loved. I want to live. I want to live well, oh!" then... 

The path of the Unification Church is to desperately seek true love from God. The gestures you make and the words you say have the power to advance or retreat the front line of heaven. Is it just an ordinary thing for the teacher to command? Is it something that could be done with a little effort? What is it? "It is the latter." It is something that could be done with a life sacrificed. Why must it be so? The Unification Church must advance even a step further. We must break through hell and push forward. We must go on. With what? With God's love.

It is not to send you out to make money. It is to expand the front line of God's love. You need to understand this. You must hold onto the area you are responsible for, centered around 360 families, and be prepared to die... You must invest your life. You must invest everything. The teacher is the same. You must understand that I am investing everything in America. The teacher is also investing all his possessions. I am doing this with the resolve to face death. It is the same. Is that unpleasant? Then you must perish. Those who can abandon God will be sent back by God. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

What is lacking that God is doing this? What is lacking? What tradition is lacking? "The tradition of love." It is because there is no partner to love. There is no organization on this planet that thinks like this except for the Unification Church. When Jesus, the son of God, was baptized in the Jordan River, John said, "Behold, the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world." What should the members of the Unification Church say today? "Behold, the members of the Unification Church who carry the love of heaven and earth." The world must be like this. Do you all agree? "Look at the sons and daughters who carry the burden of God's love." Can we say this? "..." You are like this. "I hope God punishes those bad ones and abandons them." But that is not God's love. "God! If I wait a few more years, if I wait a few more years, I will carry it, but I cannot do it now, so please bear with me." This is God's love. It is like Abraham praying for Sodom and Gomorrah. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

That is why it is astonishing how a year passes. Do you feel that? 1977 is almost over... I am now looking at the morning sun of 1978... That is why I am making you suffer more and working you harder, even while hitting you. Do you understand that feeling? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Am I saying this so that you perish? Am I saying this so that America perishes? I am doing this to make America prosper and to save you. "To save us...."

What will establish the tradition of the Unification Church? What is the tradition of the Unification Church? It is not money. It is not knowledge. It is not power. Then what is it? It is God's love. Reverend Moon has nothing to boast about. Wherever he goes, he is scorned and chased. He has nothing. The only thing is how to establish the tradition of God's love on this earth, and that is the enemy. For humanity, in the world of Satan, that is the enemy. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

To restore the Old Testament and New Testament eras, fundraising and evangelism must be done. Now, look at our Unification Church. This tradition is the tradition of the Unification Church, and how should this tradition be established? It must be restored to the Old Testament era. The Old Testament era is the era of servants. Isn't it? The New Testament era is the era of children. In this era of children, a way to inherit has finally emerged, entering the position of a son. The Unification Church is entering the era of sons.

To do this, you must be better than the children. You must be better than any Christian. Are you better? Can you be better? "Yes." How can you be better? You must understand that in the Old Testament era, there was no partner for love. Look. Because they are servants, they keep saying, "Give! Give!" Christians say, "Give! Give!" They all say, "Bless our church. Make me do well." God is not the God of established churches; He is not the God of ordinary churches. He is our God, my God. Because God is pitiful, we must comfort Him. Our Unification Church members say, "God! They all just want money, so please give some time to our Unification Church, so we can earn money and feed everyone." That is why we need money. Here, there is God's love, here. In the Unification Church, there is something true, so we must horizontally indemnify the history that has become servants. Restoration history is like that. (While writing on the board) Therefore, you must inherit the tradition. You must inherit the tradition of love. You must inherit the love that was intended to be established as a tradition in the era of servants, the love that is intended to be established as a tradition in the era of children, and the love that is intended to be established as a tradition in the era of parents.

The Old Testament era is the era of material offerings. Is that right? "Yes." What about the New Testament era? It is the era of offerings of children. In substance... Jesus said so, right? The Jesus of the New Testament era said so, right? At this time, offerings are made with the body. The body is the highest offering that God desires. That is economic restoration. It is fundraising. It is fundraising. If the world cannot follow, if ordinary people cannot follow, then after that, since you have been established as children, you must love on behalf of God with the word. You must evangelize, evangelize.

So when you engage in economic activities, when you restore the economy, you must face all the opposition that was faced in the historical era, in the Old Testament era. Why do they persecute? What is persecution? It is to change. It is to change. Changing is passing. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." So when fundraising, America makes a fuss, the world opposes the Unification Church, communists hit, and all sorts of things happen. Now, can you stop because of that opposition? "No." The more you oppose, the more you must do it. The more you oppose, the more you must do it. The more difficult it is, the more winter it becomes, the more you must do it. You cannot stay still. You must go beyond the Old Testament era in your life. This must be done within the next two to two and a half years...

Then what comes next is evangelism, evangelism. You must fulfill the mission of Jesus. If you pass this, you will rise. (Pointing to what he wrote) This will also take about two to two and a half years. Then how many years is that? "Five years." How many days did it take to create a person? "On the sixth day." You must go through all that and surpass the sixth day. From here, you must pass through to the seventh or eighth day, and that will also take about two years.

Only then will the original standard that did not fall be restored. Therefore, the blessings you receive are received here. (Pointing to what he wrote) You must go through here and it will take two to three years to surpass it because you have not gone through the completion stage. Can you live freely after marrying a member of the Unification Church? "No." Why is that? When you see the rebirth and growth, you must rise to this position. (While writing) You must rise to this position and surpass the completion stage. To surpass this, you must surpass it together. If you fall here, you will go down to the very bottom of hell. (Pointing to what he wrote) You must hold onto each other and surpass this three-year period. You must love God more.

You fell by prioritizing love among yourselves, right? So you must get out of this. So, do you want to get married and immediately start a household? Do you want to go this way or not? "I will go." If a man is blessed at the age of twenty-seven, he must be thirty years old, the age of Jesus. Do you know why twenty-seven? Do you understand? It is to match the thirty years of Jesus. Did you think of that? "Oh, in America, they get married at twelve and thirteen, and it’s a mess, how can I live alone until thirty?" You might think that, but if you can't live, then just run away. (Laughter) Go. Go! Is there any complaint? "No."

You cannot be blessed if you fall into Satan's accusations. 

So, you can't even date... American mothers and fathers worry if their children have no partners, but we, if we have a partner, we say, "This brat!" and make a big fuss. Oh, as true parents, we should do more, but what is this? Is this true parenthood? "Yes." (Laughter) What do I gain from this? What benefit do I get? If it were up to me, I would want everyone to get married by the age of eight. How great would that be? Then how wonderful would it be? You should just hold onto a man or a woman and cry. You must cry out to fallen parents. You must wail, "Why is this happening? Hang in there. Hang in there." That is how it should be. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Then you will know how fierce and powerful it is. Otherwise, you cannot go before God. You must go beyond the standard of love that exceeds the world of Satan.

So, the longing for women and the crying must all be exhausted, and only then will restoration happen. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." That is how it must be. Yes, you must be thirty. Do you understand that? "Yes." But Americans, those who live freely, those who wander freely, come here and often feel overwhelmed, right? After one year, two years, three years, four years, that makes seven years. So, even those who have been in the Unification Church for three years should feel grateful to be blessed. If not, how can they receive blessings with their old selves and say, "Oh, eternal partner, eternal ideal husband"? While playing around, they reach thirty-two and think, "Even if the woman is a cripple, I just want to get married." If you think like that, you will be grateful even if you get a cripple. (Laughter) The same goes for women. What that means is, you must wait until you can respect a woman as the highest as a man. The same goes for women. If a woman thinks, "I don't like this one. I don't like that one," that cannot be. Until you think there is only one man... (Laughter) Is that theory right or not? (Laughter) "I wondered if the teacher would bless me this year, but oh, there is no hope in 1977. Oh! Another year has passed. Let's hope for next year. Oh!" 

So, the later it gets, the more secure families remain, I think. You must understand that. The faster it goes, the more troubled families there are. Have you thought about that? "Yes." The longer it goes, the safer it is. If everyone gets married around forty, they will completely become one. I think they will become one immediately without needing three years. (Laughter) Even if I give them divorce papers and tell them to get divorced, they will run away. They will run away. (Laughter) Is that so, or not? What do you think? Is that right or not? "That is right."

So, do you want to live with a handsome man even if it is for one year, or do you want to live with a mediocre man? What do you want? "A handsome man." So, what the teacher thinks is right. What the teacher thinks is right. (Laughter) Is there any complaint? (Applause) So, hurry up and get through, hurry up. Even if you live alone until thirty-two, if you think, "Oh, I live with God," that is better.

Sometimes my mother says, "Oh, a man is crying now. He wants to meet a woman." I say, "That kid did well." In the teacher's view, that kid did well to cry. "You should cry, cry more." That is how I think. (Laughter)
Is it cruel, or is it love? What is it? "It is love." It is love. That is complete love. You must become a complete person. 

So now you must make a historical indemnity with your bodies. You must rise to the Old Testament age, the New Testament age, and the age of the covenant. To rise to the position of parents and to get married, you must not be caught in the accusations about whether Satan historically offers real or fake things centered on material possessions. Furthermore, you must not fall into the condition of being accused based on whether you evangelize for God with true love or whether you dedicate your body or not. Only then can you receive blessings. 

You must evangelize. With all your body, mind, and heart... "I earned it, so I should use it all as I please, but what is this? You want me to dedicate it all?" Thinking like this is worse than not doing it at all. One hundred percent... You should at least contribute even a penny. Every day, even if it’s just a penny, you should find a way to contribute, like saving up $10 over a year and adding a penny each day. Do you understand what I mean? Only then can you avoid being caught by the law. You won't be caught by the heavenly law. Looking at you, I see that you have been caught by the law even while fundraising until now. But since you didn’t know, all of that can be forgiven. For those who know, like me, there is no forgiveness for such things. So I try not to use the money you all have earned as much as possible. If I add to what you have earned, I will add to it, but I absolutely do not intend to use it. However, your parents think that I am exploiting everything, right? That is the way to heaven. 

Even in evangelism, if I feel lacking in sincerity, I must ask for cooperation from my mother, my siblings, and even my parents to help me. That is how it should be. Only then will the people in the spirit world receive benefits. 

So, I sacrificed all my mother, sister, and brothers to walk this path. You must understand that. Only then will that family receive blessings. They will be loved in the spirit world as well. This is the way I know to go to heaven. Do you understand what I mean? It is the same. God must sacrifice all His sons and daughters, all His beloved people for His work. Isn’t that the same principle? 

If I tell you to go out and evangelize now, you might say, "I don’t want to go out to evangelize; oh! I’m not going out to evangelize," and try to run away. Will you then enter heaven? Go out and put in more sincerity than anyone else in that neighborhood. If you are in America, you should put in more sincerity than the pioneers of America, and even if you invest all your siblings, your parents, and all your family wealth, it still won’t be enough if you just go and sleep and play around. It would be better not to go at all. 

What activities are you trying to engage in that you have passed? Did you pass the activities of the first phase of the Old Testament age? When someone spends just a little more money, do you think, "Oh! That person bought such clothes, so I will buy slightly better clothes"? Do you think like that? How about you? 

So, I’m telling you to evangelize. Have you evangelized? "Yes." When asked, you say you couldn’t because you didn’t have time, but don’t you have time? Did you not think that your sincerity was lacking? Is that right or wrong? "That’s right." You must understand that. 

You all act like delinquents... You see, Unification Church members do not associate with delinquents. If that were the case, I wouldn’t have suffered. Life is short, so why are we playing this game? Why is that? You must understand this. You need to know this principle. 

Opposition and persecution are meant to give you the key to enter heaven. 

God, then the Son, and what comes next? In this universe, what did God create on Earth? There was God, Adam and Eve, and angels, right? How were they connected? They were connected by love. But that connection was severed. (While writing on the board) So, in order to lead this person to walk this path, you must pull them up from this world of death and create a servant who absolutely obeys God. Then, you pull them up again and make them a son. Then, with blessings, you create one. The angels must not complain in front of the son or God, even if they are beaten to death. When you enter the Unification Church, you immediately enter that position. 

This is the archangel of the satanic world, and this is the archangel of the heavenly world. The heavenly archangel must be better than the satanic archangel. So, even if you are beaten, you must endure, praise God, and say that the Unification Church is good. That is better. It must be different. Even if you are insulted, you must say that God is good, that Reverend Moon is good, and that the Unification Church is good. Rather than being insulted and suffering yourself, if Reverend Moon is insulted and God is insulted, you should say, "Huh!" Do you all feel that way? "..." 

Whether you kill, hit, or do anything, even if you act like this (demonstrating), you should not say anything... That is how you become a son of God, a daughter of God, and if there is a way to receive God's love, you should be proud of it. You should say, "You are people of the satanic world, but God's love is with me. No matter what, God is with me." You should say, "The way to receive God's love and the love of True Parents and the love of true sons and daughters is different from yours." That is what makes it different. 

You are hated by God, you are hated by True Parents, and you are hated by true siblings. Do you understand? This is different. What are these three things? What is one? "God." What comes next? "True Parents." And then? "True sons and daughters." We can receive these three loves. Isn’t that right? But in the satanic world? You are doomed, while we are prospering! 

So, why do they treat you with contempt? Why do they persecute you? It is to set a standard of what is better; even wrestlers must go into the ring and fight to win the championship belt. It is the same. They must realize their mistakes and bow their heads to completely submit; until then, why do they complain that God loves only the Unification Church? Do you understand? It is to give you the key to enter the kingdom of God, to heaven. So, you must say, "Why aren’t you opposing it?" Not opposing it is a concern. 

Among servants, you must be different from the satanic servant. This is how it is, right? After this, you must go out to evangelize. (While writing on the board) When you go out to evangelize, do you say, "Oh, I can’t go out alone. I need someone’s address"? Do you want to go out alone or with someone? How many should go out? Jesus also sent them out in pairs, right? "I went alone." You must go alone. 

Why? Did both fall in the Garden of Eden? Adam fell alone, and Eve fell alone. If there are two men, one becomes the archangel. One becomes the archangel. If there are two women, one becomes the fallen Eve. Then, you must undergo training. If you bring family members, if new people come in, they won’t leave you alone. They will keep making it hard for you. That is how it should be. It keeps happening. Sometimes you might want to pack your things and run away. You must comfort them with love. 

You will face opposition like this for one year, two years, and three years. For three years, they will make it hard for you. Just wait and see. That is why they keep coming and going. When I become unwavering, that is when I will live well. During that time, they must feel, "Oh, this is better than our mother." It must be better in some way. Then they will think, "Oh, this is better than our siblings, better than our teacher." When they realize that, they will unpack their bags and decide, "Whether I die here or live here, I will stay here." You must understand that Peter, who followed Jesus for three years, betrayed Him and sold Him out. This is the formula for indemnity and restoration, the formula. 

That is why you must not eat, sleep, or rest. If there is no food, you must feed them, and if there is no clothing, you must clothe them, and that is how you become a servant. You become a servant in place of others. Even as a servant, you must be like God... That is the path you must take. I have also walked this path until now. It may seem like I am living a luxurious life now, but what did I do in the past? I washed the excrement of grandmothers, did all sorts of things for women, and did all kinds of work. 

Do you know why women like me and men all like me? Because I did those things for men and did those things for women more than anyone else, that is why you all like me for no reason. That is the restoration and indemnity. Because of that, by loving me, you will ride on my back. You will ride on my chariot. You will ride on my horse. You will ride. You will ride on the horse. That is why you do it. It is not because you like me; it is because it will benefit you. 

So, do you really like me? "Yes." While complaining that I don’t send you off to marriage, while complaining that I don’t send you off to a husband, what kind of love is that? Do you still like me even if I don’t send you off to marriage? "Yes." Thank you. (Laughter) Now you understand. So, even the delinquents in the neighborhood should say, "Hey! There is such a woman in the Unification Church. That woman is more wonderful than the queen of our country." When I pass by, those rough men who used to tease and mock me will become humble. Do you understand what I mean? 

You must walk that path, that path. How hard is it? It is the hardest. It is the hardest, so you receive the best love from God. Will you walk that path? "Yes." Even if it is hard, even if it is hard, if you cannot walk it on this earth, you must go to that place and walk it for eternity. In that place, you will miss the time you lived on this earth so much. "If I had just done it like this back then... Oh! If I had just decided to take one more step, it would have been like this, I could have crossed over like this..." That is how it will be. So, you have no choice but to suffer here. Therefore, you don’t need a husband or children at all. There is no room for thought. 

That is why if you marry in this world, what will you do? What will you do after being blessed? You must know God’s love, God’s love. So, you must experience God’s love by suffering to the point of death before you go to hell. I am also completing through God’s love, and this position is not a position of leisure. Stand in a place where you are being persecuted and bleeding. Do you understand? This is the formula. There is no other way to go. 

When you feel it is truly the end, God’s love will be with you. 

What this means is similar to an antenna for going to the kingdom of heaven. (While writing on the board) When you think it is the end, that is when such things happen. While fasting, you may collapse without knowing it, but even while struggling to stand up with tears, God appears and loves you. That is why it is precious. That is why it is precious. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Those who have not gone that far do not know. That is right. You must go to that place, that place. That is why you are seeking people. Instead of God, I must feel that I am standing on the path of finding true sons and daughters with the heart of God who has a heart of restoration. Just like countless mothers in the world endure all kinds of suffering to raise their children and make them significant people in this world, even if I must walk a path of greater suffering, I must think that I am doing this for the sake of the sons and daughters whom God loves. 

Can you complain from there? Can you get tired? Such a heart is necessary. "With every penny I earn, my child will become a significant person in this world." It is the same. "By putting in all my sincerity, the son of God will become a great son." You must think like that. Do you understand? Go out in place of your father and mother. Love and come. That is what you are doing. 

Digging up a large gold nugget all at once is like searching for one piece at a time in different places. You must go find many houses. You must do that. You must evangelize, evangelize. Otherwise, you will not know God’s situation, you will not know Jesus’ situation, and you will not know the teacher’s situation. I am also earning money now, right? Isn’t that so? I am also evangelizing now, right? Isn’t that the same? This is the path of principle. 

By doing this, your heart must be completed, the three stages of heart must be connected, and this must be connected to that. (Pointing to what he wrote) The love of rebirth and the love of growth must come down to the earth and properly ascend. Only then will a horizontal foundation be established. If I have money, heavenly wealth will arise, and heavenly sons and daughters will come forth, and I will stand in the position of heavenly parents. Do you understand? 

By doing this, that will arise. Through this indemnity, that will arise. You cannot have that without this indemnity. (Pointing to what he wrote) That is why the Unification Church... I want to have wealth. I want to have wealth with God’s name. Do you understand? "Yes." I also want to have sons and daughters. Why? Because I have done all this. And I want to live while loving. 

It is the same. It is the same for you. The Old Testament age? You must go too, right? (Pointing) You must go to the New Testament age too, right? You must go to the age of the covenant too, right? (While writing) It is the same. To indemnify all of that at once, what Adam and Eve had to do all at once was economic restoration, restoration of children, and then restoration of heart. It is the same. What took 6,000 years must be restored in 6 years; you must restore it in 7 years. What God suffered for 7,000 years, you can do in 7 years, but can’t you endure for 7 years? That is nonsense. Should you go forcefully, or should you go joyfully? "Joyfully." You must go with love... This is tradition. 

What is the tradition of the Unification Church? It is to inherit the essence of the tradition of the Old Testament age, to inherit the essence of the tradition of the New Testament age, and to inherit the essence of the tradition of the age of the covenant. What is that? It is love. Do you understand? Therefore, you must love God more than Noah, more than Abraham, and more than Moses in the Old Testament age. "Noah lived for 120 years, but if I can live for 240 years, I will do the work of a woodcutter without complaint until I die. I will build a boat." You must be able to make such a resolution. Can you think of something better than that internally? Have you ever thought of such things? 

Next, you must be better than Abraham. When God told Abraham to leave Ur of the Chaldeans, when He said to pack up, you must pack up. If you are living well in a nice New Yorker hotel and God says, "Pack up and go to Africa," you must...
"Oh my! I'm going to die. Send me somewhere else." Should I complain like this? "No." You have to be better than Abraham. "I hoped for this day. Thank you." That's how it should be. "Even though all of Abraham's descendants became the descendants of gypsies, I will not be a person who fails like Abraham, even if I become more than that." That's how it should be. Is that true for you all? "Yes." Is it true? "Yes." A person who does not think they are better cannot be better. So, will you think you are better or not? "I will." Will you obey more than Abraham or not? "I will."

When God says, "Go to Reverend Moon in America," if I had said, "Ahaha! I don't want to go, I don't like America," how comfortable would that have been? I knew I would face persecution when I came to America. I knew I had the responsibility to make the world oppose me. I came to do that. When I left Korea, I told the closest person, "I will be persecuted globally for three years, and if you follow me, you will give up and won't be able to endure, so stay here." I cut off everything.

That's why those who hear this must have thought I was talking like a dream. Everyone thought that way. It's strange, right? It seems like you know, but also like you don't. It's the same now. That's why it's attractive. That is still the attraction. So, it's attractive. (Laughter) So, are you better than Abraham? "Yes." At times like this, you should say "Yes!" Are you better than Moses? You should say "Yes!" automatically. That's how it should be. Further, when I ask, "Are you better than Jesus?" "Yes!" Why? Why? Because you can get married without dying. Then am I foolish or better? "Better." That's right.

Jesus worked and died without being able to find a nation. Our Unification Church, no matter how much opposition we face, has not died. Right? So, are you better than Jesus? "Yes." Just in marriage? "No." In work, we are global. Jesus was Jewish, but we are doing global work. Reverend Moon does global work. Do you understand? We are going out into the world.

In the Jewish nation, it takes four to five hours to travel around by car. How many miles is the teacher's stage? Everywhere! There are no limits. It's global. We are doing global work. Are you better than Jesus or not? "Better." Better or not? "Better." Since you are better than Jesus, you should do greater things. You should do bigger things. Right? "Yes." Are you confident in that? "Yes."

Next, are you better than Reverend Moon or not? "Better." (Laughter) Hmm! In what way? Just in words? (Laughter) That's true. (Laughter) What's next? (Laughter) Answer that. Right now, you are alive like Reverend Moon, but you are better because you can continue this work even after Reverend Moon dies. After Reverend Moon dies, will you go down or go up? "If Reverend Moon dies, from the moment he dies, I will rise above him." That's how it should be. So, when I die, will you eat three meals a day or four or five? "No." Then what will you do? So, you won't have time to eat.

If Reverend Moon dies... There is a lot of commotion in Alabama trying to build a boat. While the members in Alabama are doing that, will you say, "I will do even better than that"? "Yes." Really? "Yes." Definitely? "Yes." I have seen everything. I have seen Eastern people, Western people, Spanish people.

So, would it be better for me to die quickly or slowly? "Slowly!" If I die quickly, won't there be more progress? "No." Oh! Isn't that so? "No." (Laughter) So, would you rather do better after I'm dead or while I'm alive? "While you're alive." Since I'm old and it's hard to follow you, I might say, "Oh! Let's go slowly. Let's go slowly."

So, will America fail or prosper? "It will prosper." Will New York fail or prosper? "It will prosper." If you are better than Reverend Moon, what will you do? "I will say I am better." (Laughter) You must be better. Furthermore, you must be better than God. "God! Don't do it alone; entrust your work to me. I can do it better than you." You must be able to say that. (Laughter) Right? "Yes." However, there is one condition. "Because I love you, I cannot make the loving God suffer. So, entrust everything to me; I will take your place." Then God would say, "Okay! Go ahead." If you say, "Entrust everything to me," God would say, "Okay! Your words are right." Will that happen or not? "It will." "Finally, my day has come."

Do you want to have children who are worse than you? "No." Even though you are so beautiful and handsome? "Yes." Then what kind of children do you want? "Better children." Would God say, "Hey, you!"? God would also say, "Ah! I can't wait to see your children." And He would be happy. Do you understand? "Yes."

When there is love, you can see everything. Even disregarding your ancestors from the Old Testament, disregarding your ancestors from the New Testament, disregarding your ancestors from the Covenant Age, even disregarding God, when you have love, everything becomes unified. I must carry the love of God that no one in the historical age has had, and everyone in the world must submit to that. If Abraham had brought greater love than himself... Jesus and God would have to submit. Wouldn't that be so? 

We must realize how wonderful our lives are as we seek this great, amazing authority of love. How wonderful is this game? Do you feel that? "Yes." It seems so when you listen to the teacher, right? "Yes." How happy is it to truly experience it rather than just believe it?

So, the teacher will love all races with his hands, feed all races, clothe all races, and let all races live. This is the teacher's ideology. So, is your ideology the same? "Yes." I hope you are better than me. However, I cannot love because I face persecution. I have walked a path where I cannot love. But you all have a bright future, so you can say you have received benefits in that regard. You must be able to shed tears of not being able to love, shed tears of wanting to love, and shed tears of joy while loving. Do you all agree? This is the love that God desires. In the Unification Church, we must establish this tradition that God desires.

When you have such an ideology, even when you go before the saints of the past, you will be welcomed, and even when you go before ancestors who passed away thousands of years ago, you will present yourself. Even when you go before Jesus, you will present yourself. Even when you go before God, you will present yourself. Among the members of our Unification Church, I do not see those who have smooth faces and bow before the teacher. I like those who go silently. If I live in New York, I will see many things at three or four o'clock. If there are people who make offerings to God and pray secretly, I will... If I live for a thousand years, I will forgive what that person could not take responsibility for. I will wake up early in the morning, sleep later in the evening, watch over, and add a word... "On behalf of the Unification Church members who live for a thousand years, I will gather all the final prayers while they sleep and present them before the Father." Then the person who had their forehead on the desk will wake up. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Therefore, even if the teacher disappears, you must have the love of God. That is more precious than anything else. America is waiting for such people to emerge among its citizens. The world is waiting for such people to emerge. Do you understand? "Oh, God!" Young people are completely out of work and say, "Ah, I would rather be in the position of Columbus or someone else's friend." Isn't that the same?

If you have the love of God, everything is your friend, everything is yours, and you can do whatever you want. The world becomes yours, and heaven becomes yours. Even without possessing it, everything becomes yours. So, have you lived like that in the past? Then are you living like that now? You are not, right? Then will you live like that from now on? "Yes." From there, your history begins. This is something you can regret even when you go to the spirit world... From now on, you must seek your heavenly kingdom with your own history. A history of love, a present of love, a future of love... This is the wish of the Unification Church and the proper establishment of God's tradition. The Unification Church seeks to inherit that tradition.

If I have worked hard throughout my life and my hands have become dirty, I must work for God and show that they can become even dirtier. If I have eaten well throughout my life, for God... "Rather than eating well myself, I want to feed the world and love those I love better." It must be the opposite. If you train like this, the place of God's love will sprout. Now, did you understand or not? "I understood."

Now that you understand, raise your hand if you will weave your history centered on God's love and live a life that presents God's love. Put your hands down. God bless you! 

**Participants Celebrating Christmas**
As you know, today is Christmas, celebrated worldwide. The title I want to talk about today is "Participants Celebrating Christmas." I will briefly speak on this topic.

**Jesus Came to Save the World**
Everyone, I do not believe that Jesus was born on this earth by the will of any individual. Rather, I believe He was sent by God as the Savior to save the world. We know that the need for a Savior arose because of the Fall. Therefore, fallen humanity needs a Savior. If there is a God who wants to save fallen humanity, He must relate to humanity through the Savior. Without that, we know there is no way for humanity to return to heaven.

The purpose of God sending Jesus was to find the lost children and to restore the family, tribe, nation, and world that would be achieved through those children. It is for this purpose that Jesus was sent. To fulfill His will by sending Jesus to this earth, God worked tirelessly over a long period of 4,000 years, going through a personal training process to establish the forms of tribe, nation, and people, which people living on this earth today do not know, but we do.

Originally, God had ideals as God before humanity fell, and He wants to realize again the ideals that could not be realized due to the Fall by saving humanity and restoring them to the original ideals that had not fallen. This is the purpose of sending the Messiah. It is not an easy thing for God to send a son whom He can love as an unfallen son into a fallen world.

**Mary and Joseph's Family Had to Support Jesus as the Messiah**
Jesus had to be born through a woman's body, and that woman could not be an ordinary woman. Therefore, when we consider the Virgin Mary, she is one body but is in relation to the sins of the world, and in that respect, what position does Mary hold? It is true that Mary herself is in a position that cannot transcend the realm of the Fall. She is connected to the historical process of the Fall. She could not rise to the standard of the historical age before the Fall.

From that standpoint, what position should Mary take? She must stand in an absolute position in believing in God, more than anyone else in history. Such a condition is necessary. Then, it is also necessary that Mary herself has cut off all fallen connections of the historical age. These two conditions are absolutely necessary.

Even if Mary gave birth to Jesus from that standpoint, she must present conditions that Satan cannot accuse, stating that Jesus was born in the historical age of the Fall and that he was born in the historical age of the Fall.

From that perspective, can God rejoice in the Messiah Jesus in Mary's womb, who was not fallen, and who was joyful when He created Adam in the Garden of Eden? What do you think? No matter how you think about it, it is hard to believe that He could be born in a position greater than the unfallen Adam. However, God cannot think, "Ah! A sorrowful son is born," regarding the Jesus who is conceived as the Messiah.

Before the Fall, God alone governed Adam and Eve. There was no Satan there. Today, established churches say that Satan existed even before the Fall, but that is not true. If that were the case, it would be dualism. Satan arose simultaneously with the Fall. The master of the Fall is Satan.

Now, from this perspective, were Jesus and Mary in a realm that only God could govern? They were not. Satan was always lurking, trying to draw Mary and Jesus to his side. Did that work stop? No, it continued. Did Mary herself know that she was in such a position? Mary did not know well. What about Joseph? He also did not know. The siblings probably did not know they were in such a relationship.

When we quietly observe the Jesus who was born in such a situation, what would Jesus have been like? If Jesus was born without knowing such things, he could not organize that environment. Therefore, Jesus must know that.

So, can Jesus know such things immediately after his birth? Until Jesus grows and matures, there is always the risk of Satan's accusations. Therefore, we know that Mary and Joseph's family had the responsibility to support Jesus until he grew up so that he would not be harmed by Satan. From Mary, all family members and relatives should have thought, "Since Jesus is the one Satan is targeting, even if it costs us our lives and property, we must support him until he matures, nurture his holiness, and enable him to fulfill the mission of being a son who accomplishes God's will." Did they celebrate the day Jesus was born and protect and love him while he was growing up? Were there such people? Now, do you think you did that, or do you think you did not? "We did not." You did not do it.

As you know, Jesus was born in a stable. He was born in a stable...
This is it. However, they praise that Jesus was born in a lowly place to save all mankind, and the whole world boasts about it. Is that really something that God can boast about and that we humans can boast about? Even though Israel and Judaism were prepared for Him, did those in Judaism and the nation of Israel even recognize that? 

From this perspective, was there anyone who could take on the responsibility of standing in the center of the confrontation between Satan and God, believing in Jesus as the Messiah, and fulfilling the responsibility of resolving Satan? Was there anyone who celebrated Him? There was not. If there was, it was only God, and no one else.

The unfortunate childhood of Jesus
When Jesus, born in such circumstances, a little baby who knows nothing, is crying in a manger, and God looks at Him in an environment contrary to His desired will, in a severe situation where Satan is trying to block His path in every way, God must have been pleased! 

Think about it. Mary and Joseph were engaged. Is Joseph really the true father of Jesus? Wouldn't Joseph have asked about the baby growing in Mary's womb, knowing it was someone else's child? Wouldn't he have asked whose baby it was? Let's say there is a well-respected man, known for his patience and tolerance throughout history. If that man's fiancée became pregnant and he asked how she became pregnant, and she replied, "Oh, it was by the Holy Spirit. God made me conceive!" how long do you think he would believe that? Even a man with great tolerance, upon finding out that his wife was in such a situation, would he not have questioned her? How long could he be happy about it? Our Unification Church members are said to have a global perspective and to be tolerant, but do you think that would be the case?

If he had asked, "Mary, it's good that you conceived a child in God's will, but shouldn't I know who the father of the child in your womb is?" at that time, when a virgin became pregnant, she could have been stoned to death. Mary would have had to explain everything, saying, "Oh, I don't know because it was by the Holy Spirit." This would have caused a rift until the baby was born. Wouldn't they have fought? 

The existence of Jesus, born between Joseph and Mary, became a boundary line and a subject of controversy, and the couple had to recognize that Jesus appeared as a negative presence on their future path. As Jesus grew up until the age of twelve, He was always a problem for His parents, and even His siblings did not regard Him highly. The Bible says they disbelieved Him. This must be understood. The Jewish nation respects tradition, so if the parents had devoted themselves to Jesus and elevated Him above anyone else, would the siblings have spoken of Jesus in such a way?

When Jesus was twelve years old, He went to the Jerusalem temple to celebrate a festival, and Mary and Joseph left Him behind, only to return three days later. When they found Jesus and asked Him, He said, "Did you not know that I must be in my Father’s house?" Considering all these facts, do you think the parents left Jesus behind in a normal situation? They must have fought over it. They left reluctantly after an argument. Looking closely, Mary could not go back, but since they fought, she had to follow Joseph. Joseph, knowing the rumors would spread and he would be pointed at because he was a stepfather, thought about how people would talk about him and went back to bring Jesus. This perspective is more normal. 

If Joseph and Mary were fighting over the child in Mary's womb, and if Joseph's parents or Mary's parents were watching and their relationship was not good, would the rumors of their discord not have spread throughout the neighborhood? What do you think? Would they not have known? 

And what about Zechariah, the father of John the Baptist? He was a priest and a relative; would he not have known? Did John the Baptist know or not? So, they would have pointed fingers and called him an illegitimate child. 

Even in today's American society, where everyone is having illegitimate children, the neighborhood and the parents all know, so do you think they would not have known about it 2,000 years ago? They all knew. They all knew. In such an environment, do you think Jesus was happy or unhappy? Growing up, He must have faced all sorts of ridicule from the neighborhood kids, hearing things like, "Hey, what about your father?" 

Did Jesus have a birthday celebration he could not forget?
Jesus came as the Messiah, the Son of God, the Prince of Heaven, the King of Kings, yet the standard God desired was to celebrate Him, to live for Him, and to serve Him, but was there anyone who truly understood His heart and protected His well-being at that time? No. Even though He was born as the King of Kings, no one recognized Him. 

Was there anyone who treated Jesus on this earth as a representative of any ordinary family, as someone who would be treated like the son of a minister today? There was not even a child of a neighborhood leader who treated Him that way. Forget about being the Son of God or the King of Kings on earth; He was not even treated as well as the son of a neighborhood leader. Do you think that was the case? Do you think the teacher's words are correct? "Yes." 

Even while growing up in Joseph's household, because of such circumstances, when the holidays came, there was not a single person who sincerely sympathized with Him, and even when Mary dressed Him, it became a problem, and it was a problem for His siblings as well. During the holidays, while the siblings might have worn nice clothes, Jesus grew up in a state of utter poverty, which can be understood from a very common-sense perspective. 

Jesus must have wanted many things to wear. He must have wanted to wear the same things as others, but He grew up in an environment where He could not wear what He wanted. Also, even if there were things He wanted to eat, He grew up in a situation where He could not eat freely like others. He grew up without the ability to live freely, naturally, or happily. As He matured, He must have felt that He had to live for Himself and that He was a different person born in a different situation.

Because He stood in such a position, what did He think? He thought about God. "God will understand my situation." You must understand that He had a motivation to find such comfort. Therefore, He could have resolved to feel compassion for the poor, to liberate those oppressed under the Roman Empire, and to break down all the evil existing systems of the nation of Israel and all the formal traditions that had existed until then, and to pave the true path that God desired. This must have been a good period for Him to make such resolutions.

The more He faced difficulties, the more He prayed before God with tears in serious situations, and He must have found a way to connect with God and receive guidance. Do you think that is the case? Is Reverend Moon speaking from imagination or knowledge? "He is speaking from knowledge." He is speaking from knowledge, but you must understand that because you cannot believe it, he cannot speak from a position of knowledge. From a normal perspective, this is a reasonable statement, an inevitable conclusion, and something everyone can acknowledge.

From this perspective, was there anyone who truly celebrated the day of Jesus' birth? As Jesus matured, the more He grew, the more He must have felt that His birthday was not a joyful day but rather a sad and painful day. Wouldn't that be the case? On his birthday, rather than having a birthday party and receiving gifts, the person who held Him and wept for Him would have been closer and more of a friend celebrating Him. If there was someone with whom He could discuss the difficulties He faced, that person would have been closer than any group celebrating His birthday, and even on that birthday, someone who could weep with Him would have been considered a close friend, a close companion, or a close relative.

If it was His sister, even if she could not celebrate His birthday, if she brought a piece of bread wrapped in her handkerchief and gave it to Him while weeping, saying, "Eat this and let it comfort your sad heart today," that would have been more precious than any birthday gift. You must understand this. If there was a friend, a sister, or a relative who could do that, He would have remembered that day as an unforgettable celebration.

Jesus, who walked the lonely, miserable, and unjust path of the cross as the Messiah
The more He felt lonely, the more He prayed to God. In those moments, God must have taught Him, "I will make you into such a person in the future, and you must be like this, and you must do this for Israel, and you must do this for the world, and you must do this for the Roman Empire." He must have been taught everything. At that time, Jesus must have thought, "God is better than my mother, better than my father, better than my siblings, better than my nation, and better than my relatives. He is my friend. He is the benefactor of my life."

So, if Jesus was lonely and shed many tears, and if He had such serious thoughts, wouldn't He have thought about the miserable state of Judaism and the nation of Israel? "Oh God! What will happen to our nation, and when will the Messiah we desire come?" He must have prayed like that, right? At that time, He would have received the command, "You must become the Messiah." When He was told, "You must become the Messiah," do you think Jesus believed it? In a way that others did not know, God must have made Him believe He was the Messiah by giving Him various unbelievable promises in His life, saying, "Tomorrow, something like this will happen. Someday, something like this will happen." He must have had many evidential experiences that made it impossible for Him to doubt.

From this perspective, there was no one who could believe and speak. There must have been a period where He silently kept it inside and underwent internal training. God knew Jesus' situation well. Because Jesus came to this world in the flesh, His mother, father, siblings, or teachers, and all nations hoped that everyone would serve Him, but they all opposed Him. When God would inevitably have Him fulfill the messianic mission through Himself, did He hope that individuals, families, tribes, and nations would all understand His heart and serve Him as God does? Did He not wish for that? He must have wanted it. But the church, the Jewish nation, and the world were not like that.

With such hopes, when Jesus turned 30 and began to proclaim a new truth centered on the new gospel to Judaism and the world, it should have been possible for Him to be welcomed and respected by everyone, but instead, they opposed Him. They opposed Him. Did it happen that way? Because it did not happen that way, as a result, He went to the cross.

When Jesus went to the cross, do you think He said, "Oh, my happy cross!"? Do you think God looked at Him and thought, "Oh, Jesus is dying well," or did He think of it as a heartbreaking and tragic cross? How heartbroken must God have been? Looking at His own Son, born on this earth, seeing all the hopes He once had completely cut off and dying in despair, would God have been pleased? "No."

In the miserable and unjust position where Jesus was, how could there be a way of salvation? How could there be a world of hope? How could there be a path of hope? It is impossible. While He was dying in resentment and anger, would there be anyone who could say, "Blessings will come to your house"? It is impossible.

From this perspective, we must awaken to how far today's Christianity has deviated from God's will and Jesus' will. The 4,000 years spent creating Judaism and the nation of Israel were to kill Jesus, and the notion that Jesus came to this earth to die and to play the role of dying is nonsense that must be discarded.

From this perspective, when He left the words that He would die and come again, we must recognize that the historical resentment of Jesus and God's historical grief originated there. Can Jesus, riding on clouds, resolve that resentment on this earth? What can a phantom do? It is impossible.

From this perspective, today, the entire world, including America, is celebrating Christmas by putting up a Christmas tree at their door and making a fuss. Do you think God looks at that and feels proud? Do you think Jesus would say, "Thank you for celebrating the day I was born to die"? Rather, it would be a day that stirs up the pain of having failed to be born on this earth. We must understand that it is a day of sorrow.

Believers must walk the path of sacrifice to unite with Jesus' situation
From this perspective, was there anyone in the historical era who truly celebrated the day of Jesus' birth? Which nation, which church, which pastor, which leader celebrated the day of Jesus' birth in its true meaning? Because Jesus lived a miserable life, even if He entered the position of a prince to offer some comfort, that would not be true comfort. Living in a position more miserable than Jesus, giving a piece of bread or a garment would be a more valuable celebration.

Now, what kind of people are gathered here? Are they people who want to sell Jesus for profit, people who want to receive blessings through Jesus, or people who want to sacrifice everything for Jesus? What is it? "People who want to sacrifice." Then, what kind of church is this? What church is it? What are we trying to do? "Sacrifice..." Yes, what is the purpose of this sacrifice? To fulfill Jesus' purpose and create one, to create one and fulfill Jesus' purpose? It is greater than that.

Then, in becoming one, is it saying, "I will only unite with the good things of Jesus, but I do not like the bad things"? From where do we start to become one? From which point of Jesus do we start to become one? From after He took up the cross or before? "Before." Just like what the teacher said, we should all start from the position where God, Adam, and Eve were completely united before the fall, celebrating joyful days and praising happy days together.
We celebrate together, sharing the same pain, crying and lamenting, and thus, united, we inherit the tradition of becoming one with the world. Is that right? "Yes." Is that really so? "Yes." When Jesus was in such circumstances during his time, all the Jews opposed him, but if there had been a black slave among the Gentiles who understood and comforted Jesus, who would that friend be? What kind of person would it be? "A black person!" Really? "Yes." Why? It's about the heart. Jesus, at that time, was a Jew, but would he say to a black slave, "Traditionally, Jews are God's chosen people, and you are nothing, you rascal!"? Would he embrace him and cry together? What would he have done? "He would have cried." You need to understand that a heart that transcends denominations, traditions, habits, and races arises from that place.

How can we become one like that? That place, nowadays, would be a gathering of distinguished guests, with steaks served, dancing to beautiful waltz music, a place to have a drink. Is it a miserable place? Is it a place of laughter or of tears? What kind of place is it? What would you choose? The first or the second? What would you choose? "The second." The second? Why? Why? Because Jesus is like that, and God is like that, and the most valuable being is like that, so I want to be closest to Him, and that is theoretically valid. Is that right? "Yes."

Thus, Reverend Moon can become a friend of God and Jesus, a reliable person, and a favored one. The more you stand in a place of being chased and oppressed, the closer you become to God, not farther away. Even if the world moves away, your homeland moves away, your family moves away, your wife and children move away, the only way to get closer to God is to choose that path.

Therefore, the Unification Church is trying to push you, who follow Reverend Moon, toward that path. Do you agree? "Yes." Following Reverend Moon is difficult, and believing in the Unification Church is hard, but one blessed thing is that you can become a friend of Jesus and a friend of God. That is the only precious thing.

Jesus experienced betrayal from his mother and father, sorrow from his brothers, and similar treatment from his own tribe, his nation, and his church. Therefore, I must also stand in such a place; I must walk the path that the Unification Church is taking. A wise person who wants to walk that path of faith seeks that path. The desire of those who wish to walk the true path of faith is that the members of the Unification Church have unknowingly gathered in such a place.

What we must do now is to indemnify what Mary and Joseph and the brothers could not fulfill. We must hold on to the living Jesus, not the dead Jesus; we must hold on to the baby Jesus, not the Jesus who died on the cross; we must hold on to the Jesus in the womb. I must become someone who can do that. Women should say, "I know that Mary could not fulfill everything, so I must do it beyond Mary." With the heart of God and the heart of Jesus, and to ensure that all traditional values are not lost, I must walk that path, the original path, regardless of the sacrifice. Speaking as a man, I must take the place of Joseph, who could not fulfill his responsibility, and regardless of the sacrifice, I must be able to comfort him from the position of his friend.

If there is someone who discovers such a place and walks that way, he cannot be unknown to Jesus, nor can he be unknown to God. That is what I believe. Moreover, because Jesus had no brothers at that time who wanted to love each other and could relate to that situation, I must play the role of a younger brother or sister who can sympathize with that. Therefore, young Unification Church members who carry a single purpose and love rightly should think of him as Jesus and become a sister, brother, or older brother who can sympathize with a tearful heart. If they do that and create such an environment, they must understand that those who walk that way cannot be unknown to God and Jesus.

When you walk this path with a sense of injustice and resentment, and when those who are like younger siblings, older siblings, or even children struggle to walk this path, those who can say, "How hard it is? Let's endure and go," will undoubtedly become friends of Jesus and will be people whom God visits to comfort.

When you, in the position of Jesus, say to someone like a younger sibling, "How hard it is," and they respond, "No, brother. I'm not having a hard time. How hard is it for you, brother?" and if there are people of the same age as grandparents, you can say, "Grandpa, Grandma, how hard it was for you?" and they respond, "No, you had it harder than I did," that environment will indeed be the hope for building the Kingdom of Heaven. You need to understand this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Reverend Moon created the Unification Church, but where will he lead the members of the Unification Church? It is not to a place of leisure and comfort. It is to a place where you can become friends with Jesus, even if it is miserable, and friends with God, even if it is unjust. How about that? "Good." Is that good? "Yes." Why is that good? Because there is a way to resolve God's resentment there, and there is a way to resolve Jesus' resentment there. If we do not resolve God's and Jesus' resentment, no matter how much we ask for blessings in the world, blessings cannot come.

Then, before Jesus went to the cross, he will surely become your friend. He will be a brother beyond brothers, and family beyond mother and father. That is an undeniable fact. Is that right? "Yes." How is that possible? How can you become friends with Jesus from 2,000 years ago? Because love, love, and the heart of love do not change. Love transcends time and space. That is only possible through the power of love.

So, when you are chased, oppressed, insulted, and persecuted on the streets, is it for you, for the world, or for God? Who is it for? "For the world and for God." That's right. It is because there is a way to become one with all the historical past and me.

You must realize this. When you focus on Jesus and see it from the perspective of God and Satan accusing him, you must realize, "There cannot be Satan beside me. I only have God. No matter how much Satan accuses me, there is no condition for Satan to accuse me."

Jesus tried to create one nation of the Jews, but we are trying to create one world. Why must it be so? Because I must inherit and practice the work that Jesus should have accomplished while alive, which is to establish a nation and a world. We must live for that purpose. Jesus was killed by the Romans, surrounded by one sect, Judaism, and one nation, Israel, but we will not die even if we are surrounded by hundreds of sects and hundreds of nations, and even if something stronger than communism opposes us today, we must be able to say, "I will go." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Why must it be so? Because in the time of Jesus, he was a resurrected body of someone who could lead many nations, someone who won battles for his nation, and someone who takes on the purpose of the history of the Second Advent. That is how I think. I am the one who fought for the nation like Jesus and who will fight for this world in the future, representing the era of the Second Advent, inheriting that will and receiving that inheritance.

Jesus came to this earth and left, but he did not experience the hardships, injustices, and miseries we endure today. This is something that God is experiencing for the first time in the era of the Unification Church and Reverend Moon. Do you understand? "Yes." Even if we stand in a place like that, like the twelve disciples who were persecuted when Jesus went to the cross, if we can walk confidently, we will become the leaders of this era. Now God is urging us. This sounds plausible, right? "Yes."

Let us become participants who celebrate Christmas in its true meaning. When we think this way, we realize that until now, the Unification Church has been driven into a path of suffering, the world is persecuting, or all denominations are treating us as enemies, and all nations are treating us as enemies, including the entire United States and the entire communist party, and even your parents are all involved in the persecution of Reverend Moon. Is that a good thing or a bad thing? It may be a miserable thing for those people, but for us, it is the best blessing we can receive from God and the best opportunity to get closer to Him. We are the ones who can get closest to God.

Just as God taught Jesus to pray while being chased, when the Unification Church prays in resentment and injustice, God teaches us. Are you unhappy or happy? "Happy." What did you say? "Happy." Why? What kind of happiness is that? Is it happiness when your parents kidnap you? Is that happiness? "Yes."

One thing to know is that it is the first time in history that parents have kidnapped their children. It is amazing that even in a place where parents kidnap, they loved God. That can become the best condition to be praised in the Kingdom of Heaven. Therefore, by monopolizing God's love, the world becomes mine. Because I have love, and since I possess all of God's love, the world that dwells in God's love comes into my grasp, so I am happy. I become like God. By what? By love. In other respects, God is the subject, and I am merely the object. That is the difference. Therefore, we are happy people.

Now, what is today's title? "A participant who celebrates Christmas." Let us become participants. We must become participants in the true meaning of celebration, not false celebrations. In such a place, those who commemorate the day Jesus was born, the day Jesus died, the deeds of Jesus, and remember the work of God's providence can always participate in God's celebration and become the greatest authorities in participating in Jesus' celebration. Even if you come without having eaten, wearing dirty clothes, or with a dirty face, you can participate in that.

When we look at it this way, we realize how much the world is celebrating falsely. Therefore, you must understand that celebrating Christmas with a true heart and a sincere spirit is the true celebration.

Some of you may have thought of the old church, your parents, and wondered, "What is today? There is no holiday. I have to sell newspapers again, and when I go to New York, I will have to do fundraising. Is this what life is?" There may have been people who thought all sorts of things. "Not at all."

Today is a sad day. You must understand that it is a sad day. The day Jesus was born was not celebrated as a joyful day. It was met as a sad day. We must understand that by doing this, we become true participants in the celebration. We must be grateful.

Our lovely young ladies may not have had a chance to put on makeup, looking haggard, not being able to comb their hair, wearing tattered clothes, and that is so miserable. Are you happy even so? "Yes." Really? "Yes."

You, who are in such a position, will become friends with the Jesus who died on the cross, and all historical ancestors will be grateful, and today, all humanity in this world will envy you, and even the teacher and God will celebrate you as princes and princesses. That is the standard you are heading towards. Therefore, we are trying to find such men and women. You do not have to be told to take such a man as your husband. Even if Jesus comes, if such a woman exists, he will seek her out.

Do you want to become such a participant? "Yes." If you complain, you become an outsider. "From now on, I will live my life with a joyful heart, equipping myself with the qualifications to participate in such a celebration, and I will surely become a prince and princess of heaven." Raise your hands if you have made that resolution. May God's blessings be with you! *  
          Selected Words of Reverend Sun Myung Moon <Volume 95>       
               Printed on January 15, 2002
               Published on January 25, 2002
               Editor: Committee for Compiling the Words of Reverend Sun Myung Moon
             Publisher: Hwang Seon Jo
             Publication Company: Seonghwa Publishing Co., Ltd.
               Address: 172-1 Cheongpa-dong 1-ga, Yongsan-gu, Seoul
           Phone Number: 715-3894~6, 701-0110 (Cheongpa Bookstore)
           Fax Number: 701-1991
           Registration Number: No. 3-98
             Registration Date: May 20, 1961