Mr. Moon's Selected Words  
99  
Mr. Moon's Words Compilation Committee  

3  
Foreword  
President of the World Peace Unification Family, Hwang Seon-jo  

4  
Foreword  
Table of Contents  
Foreword …………………………………………………… 3  
··························································································9  
······················································································· 70  
······················································································156  
······················································································165  
······················································································190  
······················································································277  
······················································································400  
······················································································400  

8  
Patience and Contemplation  
Think about how difficult the term 'patience and contemplation' is. In the Eastern context, what does patience mean? It means the heart of a sword, the heart of a sword. It means measuring with the heart of a sword. There is such a meaning. What this means is to measure straight. (Speaking while writing) It’s the same for Eastern women and Western women, but men are thought to be a bit better at patience and contemplation. Of course, there are many men who cannot endure and think deeply, but you must understand that this is one of the most important words in realizing God's will in our daily lives and in the providence of restoration.  
In the providence of restoration, men are more suitable than women.  
If we were to ask, in our daily lives, through history, or in human life, which has had a more negative impact, women or men, how would you answer?  
Come on, women, answer. If we look at it proportionally, there are more women than men. That’s how you would answer.  
Then why are there so many women? It is because women cannot endure for long and cannot think deeply. If a piano is struck suddenly, women go into an uproar. Isn’t that right, women?  
From this perspective, God did not establish women as much as possible in the providence of restoration. God must have done well, don’t you think? "He did well." Why do you think He did well? (Laughter) If the providence of restoration were easy, it would be more effective to use women than men. Why? Because women speak quickly. Women speak quickly, but men are often slow to respond.  
Those who follow the meaning of the providence of restoration, when called 'Hey,' will look and see what will happen. Then, they will measure up and down, looking at this person and that person, and then they will respond with 'Yes.' (Laughter) Such people were needed. Do you understand? After that, they are dull and foolish. A foolish person is dull. Like a bear, they just... Once they start walking, they walk for ten years.  
Such a person, thinking, is suitable for the providence of restoration. They are the most exemplary, this is how I think. If you think like this, when I ask how many women in Western society would want to have such a husband, no one would raise their hand. How frustrating is it in daily life, how much? Men sit and ask, and if they all become like this, they don’t say anything, don’t respond, just thinking about their own schemes, how much... If men do that, women would be in an uproar. (Laughter)  
You all have a thread, right? Think about eating a thread. Think about swallowing a thread, how difficult it is. One step, two steps, three steps, one hundred steps... Think about it. Do you understand what that means? Women would not be able to eat even a little bit. The providence of restoration is like eating thousands of feet of such threads. Now, if there are a thousand feet of thread, would it be easy to eat that? Would the providence of restoration be easy? "It’s eating thread." Think about thousands or tens of thousands of feet. When you think like this, can women do that? Is there any woman here who can do that? So, in the providence of restoration, women are failing, failing. Isn’t that right? Therefore, it is better not to use women.  
For important matters, we need those who can endure and contemplate.  
In Korea or the East, what kind of thought do they have? If a father has a secret, even if there is a mother, he sends her away and calls his son to talk. Such a tradition exists. If it were a Western woman, how would she react? She would pack her bags and run away. (Laughter) Isn’t that right? Isn’t that so? Where would there be such a law? They cannot respond to that.  
If you were captured by enemies and tortured, and found yourself in a situation where you could not live or die, men can endure, but women cannot. A mother becomes a burden to her son. Do you understand?  
When a war breaks out and they win, the women of that country are spared. Or they might capture everyone, but the sons and daughters, the heirs, are all killed. A man, even if he becomes one, can move the world and take revenge, but a woman cannot take revenge even if she grows up. Isn’t that so? If I say such things, women feel bad, right? (Laughter) No matter how dull a woman is, she reacts faster than a sensitive man. Women are quick in that regard. They answer when asked, and whatever they do, they are quick.  
From this perspective, the fact that women were not introduced in the providence of restoration is God's extremely wise attitude. (Laughter) Isn’t that so? The fall in the Garden of Eden was caused by a woman. When viewed this way, throughout the historical process, whether it be Adam and Eve, Noah, Abraham, Jacob, Moses, Jesus, or John the Baptist, their inability to endure and think deeply is all due to women.  
In this world, in this existence, in the universe, who has endured the most? Who has thought the deepest? "God." Yes, God,  
12  
and then? Among men and women? "Men." Then among men, who? "..." Those who hold and exercise power, or the poor who do not hold power? The weak, those who have righteous hearts, but weak people must understand that they have walked this path. Now, why did they endure? Why could they not act? They endured to be better than you. They endured for that day. Do you understand what I mean? Generally, it can be chosen. In the history of all humanity, such choices can be made. Such people, as they go day by day, as they face more and more persecution, even if the difficult environment widens, they will never perish. They will not perish. They enter into a place of more endurance and deeper contemplation. You must understand that.  
They do not endure for now. They endure for the future. They do not think for now. They think for the future. This is frightening. This is frightening. When that time comes, they will say, along with their foundation and their success, that they will act. Do you think so?  
Then what kind of being is God? If God is the one who has endured the most and thought the most, what kind of person will be able to stand before such a God in the future? Do you understand? It is the same. Because God has endured until now, He is trying to stand over individuals, societies, and nations that have such qualities. That is a natural conclusion.  
In the world of diplomacy, it is said that those who talk a lot are the ones who lose, that is the reputation. The one who does not speak ultimately... In your school classrooms, for example, if one person is talking a lot, while another is sitting quietly thinking, who will succeed later? Just wait and see. The one who talks fast and is loud will never succeed. The one who sits quietly, thinking with a book... When you look at actions, people dislike them, but later, they all succeed.  
Especially regarding all important matters of the nation, whether the country lives or dies, whether heaven and earth prosper or perish, when you look at such important issues, you will find that those who endure and contemplate are sought after. How much is that needed? We see how much it is needed in our daily lives.  
The more oppressed you are, the more you must contemplate and be brave enough to rise.  
A brave person becomes a victor. There may be times when you can win, but... Those who endure may lose, but there are always opportunities. There are many opportunities. However, you must understand that no matter how brave you are, you cannot win every time. Do you understand what that means?  
When you look at it this way, would you want bravery or endurance? This leads to a conclusion. So, what would you want? "Endurance." When you hear this, you want endurance, but if you think about all of this and suddenly ask, 'Which is better, endurance or bravery?' you will want bravery. If this is a principle, it applies to individuals, families, societies, the world, and God's providence of restoration. It is the same.  
Now, do you want to get a patient husband or a brave husband? "A patient husband." Is it a patient husband? Western women would not say a patient husband. Look. In France or England, if two men fall in love with one woman, they would fight, and if one dies, the woman follows the remaining man. How different is that?  
Therefore, it is not the countries that play such games, like England or France, with strong chivalry that are frightening, but there are countries that are not like that which are truly frightening. Do you know what those countries are? It is China. Chinese people.  
So, in the end, China will be a big problem in the world. They built the Great Wall. Countries like Egypt made a fuss about building pyramids, but that all flows away. But China does not flow away, does it?  
In the teacher's view, when the Soviet Union and China fight, what will happen? This is the problem. Right now, the Soviet Union will win. However, the fight will continue for hundreds of years. That is the nature of that nation. If you look at the clothes of the Chinese people, they all...  
Then what other nations are there? The nation that has suffered is the Jewish nation. This Jewish nation is a problem. The UK is a problem with the Jewish nation, and the US is a problem with the Jewish nation. Furthermore, historically, Korea will also be a problem, Korea. A country that has survived for 5,000 years without losing its nation is a problem. How much have they endured and thought?  
When viewed this way, if we look at countries without religion, it is Korea and China. Of course, religion existed before Jesus, but the Jewish nation has continued its tradition centered on Judaism. From that perspective, we can conclude that nations without religion will remain in the future. Also, among religions, those who have such concepts and endure and contemplate more will remain. Moreover, they are a homogeneous people, a homogeneous people.  
When we look at this, the countries of Europe are all brother nations, right? They are all brother nations. All such countries spread horizontally. Because they unite, they can marry freely. From that perspective, countries like China and Korea... Among such nations, the most trustworthy nation is the Korean people. Next are the Jews, the Jews. The Jews treated foreigners as Jews as long as they were circumcised.  
When viewed this way, what has God taught through religion? Endure! Endure! Forgive! Ultimately, that is the message. Be gentle and humble! What does that mean? It means to endure and persevere. It means to contemplate. That resonates.  
Furthermore, the reason Christianity has the mainstream of God is because of love. Love! Do not hate each other, but love each other. Love each other! That is a step forward, a step. Therefore, we can find that God can promote such a global providence centered on Christianity from this perspective. God Himself has lost all His children to Satan, so this Satan is the enemy.  
Therefore, unless you stand in a position to love this enemy, the providence of restoration will fail. It cannot be completed. Isn’t that so? How much must you endure and how much must you think to love this enemy? You all...
Think about it. You have to love. You have to love. Yes, think about it, everyone. If you have an enemy, think about it. That enemy has a daughter whom he loves the most, and you have to love that daughter more than anyone in the world, more than any beauty from any country, more than any beauty from your own country. That is the restoration providence. You must take the enemy's daughter as your wife and love her more than anyone else, more than any person from any country. Only then can you step over one level of the restoration providence. Only then can you achieve completion, completion. It will be completed before God. Do you understand what I mean? Without such thoughts, God cannot complete the restoration providence. There is no other way. If there were another way, God would take that path; why would He take this path? Is this an easy path? Then what kind of thoughts would come to mind, what thoughts? Such contemplation. What thoughts would come to mind?

When we look at religion today, religion has come from a perspective of enduring and serving others more than ordinary nations. It has come from forgiving, tolerating, enduring, and thinking a lot. You need to think a lot. So, from the individual to the nation, to the world, centered on heaven and earth, you must think. You must think deeply. You must endure for a long time. Do you understand?

Therefore, the conclusion is that a religion that endures for a long time and thinks deeply will dominate the world. Why? Because God is like that. Since God will surely work through religion, as long as God does so, the more such a religion exists, the more it will dominate the world and complete God's providence. Do you think so? 

"Yes."

God, who is interested in the Unification Church.

Now, looking at that, where is such a religion? Where is such a religion? Christianity? Does Christianity think about moving the world and everything beyond it right now? It thinks about abandoning the world. It cannot digest the world. Christianity that tries to isolate itself cannot do so.

Now, is God isolated from the world? No, He is not. God is trying to save the world. Moreover, even when looking at Islam, they say, "Let's focus on ourselves centered around Muslims." They do not think about the world. Buddhism is the same. It has not been active in society until now. Therefore, if there is a religion that says it will love for the world while enduring and tolerating, God will surely use such a religion.

And it will digest even the enemies of the world. Where is such a religion? What about our Unification Church? That is what the Unification Church looks at. That is it. You must know that it is aiming for that.

Now, Reverend Moon appears in the Western world, and although there is opposition, am I trying to be digested or to digest? "I am trying to digest." So, will that be easy or hard? If it seemed easy, I would have already finished everything without enduring. I believe it would have all been finished. So, I think to digest. If I feel resentment and injustice, I think. Do you understand?

So, when you who do not think hear the words of the teacher, you say, "Wow, that is right." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." The more persecution there is, the more it is the person who thinks a lot. Persecution is not a bad thing.

If we digest England, we will digest America, Western society, and even the communist world, even hell. If we firmly believe that we will digest even hell and act accordingly, the communists will naturally be digested. When you think about that, God is asking us to think beyond what we cannot yet endure or think. Therefore, you are being persecuted every day, and it is difficult to endure every day... Unification Church members are being asked to walk a path that is difficult to endure every day. Then God's heart will be there. "Wow, wow, wow—" (laughter) Will He see it or not? If God exists, the conclusion is that there is nowhere else to be interested in but the Unification Church.

Since God is interested like this, will countless spirits in the spiritual world be interested or not? (laughter) Since heaven and the spiritual world are all like this, the earth is like a shadow of the spiritual world, so the earth is also interested. Why do they have interest even though they hate the Unification Church? If they opposed it once, they should stop, but they oppose it and keep watching. Even if they oppose it, they keep watching. I thought they wouldn't keep watching, but they oppose it and keep watching and keep doing it. And again and again and again... That is wonderful. That is wonderful. (laughter)

Looking at that, the more they oppose, at first, they would do this (mimicking), but now they are doing this. (laughter) It has turned around. What was striking from above is gradually coming down. When this happens, it will rise. On the day this happens, it will rise. (laughter) So, the Unification Church will rise. It will rise. (laughter, applause) Just like how America fought with Reverend Moon and said, "Oh, oh, this..." and then it becomes like this. Reverend Moon, by coming here, caused a stir. (laughter) How thoughtless the Americans are; if they drive Reverend Moon away, American youth will all... No way. They are thoughtless people.

Even if I am here, whether it is the New York Times or whatever, even if I am here every day, it is the same. It is the same. They do not know that. So, how thoughtless are these people? (applause) Even if I am not in America, newspapers are opposing me every day like that. The same goes for England. When I return to Korea, will America not know? It is the same, the same. Do you understand? 

That is it. You all know the principles of the Unification Church now. Those principles came from the teacher thinking a lot; did they come from just ordinary thinking? "I thought a lot..." That is why I am saying to think a lot about public matters. A person who thinks a lot about the world or heaven will remain in God's world. A person who suffers a lot publicly will surely leave a legacy in history. This is historical evidence. They are all thinking about world issues, religious issues, and human issues. Do you understand what I mean?

And how the world should be, how Europe should be, what should be done about communism, what should be done about Africa, all of that... So, I think we are going the most valuable and the best way. God thinks like that too. If we go that way, even if God says not to cooperate, He will cooperate. That conclusion comes out.

There is no downfall in enduring and contemplating.

Now, do you think our Unification Church is going that way, everyone? "Yes." What is "yes"? What is "yes"? Can you go out every day and be cursed and mistreated? "Yes." Every day, you experience people of various ranks, many people, many tribes, and many nations. You are experiencing that.

But if you go around without thinking, it will flow away. You must become a person who can digest that. "Let's see in three years. Then let's see in six years. Then let's see in ten years. It is not going to disappear. Let's see in ten years. Today, I am being pushed out like a loser at your doorstep, carrying sadness, but in ten years, your family will be the losers to me, and you will be able to see the day of glory from a sad position. If you oppose me like that, I will do everything to be better than you. I will make an effort. I will be better than you; I will not take revenge for the resentment and injustice I feel. In ten years, twenty years, I will quickly lay the foundation and through that foundation, I will make you submit," you must think like that.

The teacher is the same. I was opposed by all Koreans, but I did not say anything to anyone. Without saying anything, in front of the country that opposed me, I thought, "I will go abroad and lay the foundation to naturally make them submit on a global scale." To do that, I must work harder than you and make more effort than you. I endure.

So, why do I endure? I endure to lay the foundation. I must lay a better foundation than you. Do you understand? Why must I contemplate? To guide these people for a certain period in the future. I must teach them. So, on the day of victory, there will be no enemies. The one to fight will be gone. The opponent will be completely subdued.

So, I treat those people together. On the day I treat them together, it proves that I have loved them and that I am loving them. They also think that you love them. Do you understand? If it were an ordinary person, they would cut off their necks and end everything, but the Unification Church treats even the last people... They will be completely subdued. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

The teacher has a fiery personality. The teacher is not an ordinary person. He is a fiery person. Especially when he sees unjust people, he cannot endure it. That is his personality. (laughter)

If I had fought like that in Korea, what would have happened? Would I have come this far? Would I have met you? "No." So, "Reverend Moon is a scary person," and all sorts of rumors have spread, but they do not know. They do not know what kind of person Reverend Moon is. (laughter) If I had fought with such people, everything would have gone wrong. Reverend Moon would have gone wrong. Because I do not fight, nothing is decided. The Unification Church is a mysterious organization. So, has it been decided that this organization is such an organization? It has not been decided. Do you know why? Because Reverend Moon is not fighting openly.

The Unification Church has a responsibility to save the suicidal.

Now that we have laid a global foundation, this cannot be done. Fight centered around this American Congress. If we push this away, they will say, "What is this? We need to wake up." They do not fight with lowly people in low positions. If I do not fight with communists... If I do not fight with communists, I will not be persecuted; if I stay still, that is the case. But that does not mean I will kill with a knife. I mean to fight with strength. I mean to fight theoretically. Fight boldly. That is to teach what is wrong. That is when you should fight.

So, since 1976, I have been giving such instructions. It is not to destroy them. It is a movement to save them, a movement to save them. We must knock down those who are trying to commit suicide and bring them back to the world. (laughter) That is love. We must break their legs. (laughter) That still connects. Heaven recognizes it, right? If the world is all going to ruin, will the Unification Church just sit still? We are saving the world. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Everyone, among the current global population, there are an average of a thousand suicides a day, a thousand suicides. Do you understand? Among those who are trying to commit suicide, the success rate of those who take pills is ten percent. One out of ten dies. What this means is that every day, ten thousand people are praying for suicide. What if these people had heard the principles of the Unification Church? What if they had learned all the principles? "Hey, before you die, listen to the principles of the Unification Church," and if they said, "Then before I die, I will listen to the principles of the Unification Church," how many percent do you think would die? How many do you think would die? Think about it. What do you think? When you think about that, how important our responsibility is... How serious it is to quickly let them know this... 

In one year, three million people are trying to commit suicide. And if this continues, the ratio will increase exponentially. How miserable is this? You must know that a miserable history lies ahead.

That is why we must protest against our government, we must protest against the world, and we must protest against all churches; the time has come to do so. This applies to religious leaders as well. Is that necessary? "Yes."

In that sense, you must have the conviction that if there are such people in the 360 homes you visit, you must prepare in advance and quickly notify them. You must feel the responsibility that if that person had met me and talked for just one hour, they would not have died. Who will take responsibility for the three million people trying to commit suicide each year? Reverend Moon must take responsibility. They will accuse us, saying, "If you had taught me what you know, I would not have died; why didn't you teach me?" That is why the Unification Church gathers all of you. It is normal to gather you. It is normal to make you sacrifice and suffer. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Moreover, what sin do the young people, who are like your younger siblings, in England or elsewhere have? What sin do they have? They are innocent people. Because society is evil, when they come into this world, they are influenced by the evil world, and they all become waste and garbage. You must understand that this is a busy day.

If you have had such experiences, you must resolve not to let future generations suffer such hardships... There must be someone who says, "I will take responsibility for this," and that is how the country survives. That is how there is hope in this world.

Not only that, but your sons and daughters, ten or twenty years from now, will be caught in this. Who will take responsibility for that? This is not someone else's business. It is my business, my business. You must understand how miserable it will be in twenty years. Think about how shocking it will be. Fifty percent, fifty percent of humanity will fall into that. You must think about such a world. It is busy, busy. There is no time. We must prevent such things, even if it means kicking and pushing. We must grab them by the collar and pull them in...
Listen to this once. If we can save someone like this, then doing so is the right thing. Without doing this, we cannot save that person.

Let's go, let's gather about a hundred people and go to hear the principles. What will happen then? All the people who were about to die will come back to life. Would they be arrested and imprisoned for that? Do you understand what I mean? I'm not saying to do it like that. It's not that the teacher is saying it will happen that way. (Laughter) Even if you drag a younger sibling and say, "You rascal, you! Get in there, you rascal!" it works. (Laughter) If you grab them by the collar and say, "What are you going to do, you rascal? Are you going to teach your younger sibling something bad?" it works.

Now, if you saved someone who was about to commit suicide, would their mother and father say they did well or not? Think about it. If the world says the Unification Church is good, and you educate the parents who were opposed to it so they can go to heaven instead of hell, would those parents go to heaven and say, "Oh, you rascal, you treated me like that and look what happened"? What would they say? What would they say? I have that kind of foundation. Is it bad to have that kind of foundation? Do you understand? It's not about ruining someone; it's about saving them. Without doing this, how can we… Reverend Moon is now 60 years old, what can we do? (Laughter)

The true meaning of loving your enemies

Now, when Jesus was around, if the Roman Emperor had treated him like this, would he have said, "Love your enemies"? He educated his enemies and sent them to heaven; what kind of love is that? It's restraint.

He loved Rome, but the Romans went to hell. Until now, countless Christians have faced opposition, but those who opposed them have all gone to hell. When they go to hell, do you think they will say, "Oh, Christianity did well"? What do you think? "Hey, if you want to love me, then you should have taken me and made me believe in Jesus; that would have been true love." What is love? If they had been forced to believe in Jesus, they would all go to heaven. Would you agree with that or not? Do you understand what I mean?

So why did Jesus say to love your enemies? You need to understand this. Do you understand? "Yes." But I'm not saying not to love your enemies. It means that because you love them, you save them. That is what so-called love is. Do you understand what I mean? If you misunderstand this, it could be problematic.

Jesus said, "If someone strikes you on the right cheek, turn to them the other cheek." But if a younger sibling strikes the older sibling on the right cheek, should the older sibling turn the left cheek? (Laughter) How does that work? If they hit the left cheek, should they turn the right cheek? If they hit the right cheek, should they turn the left cheek? Now, would God just stand by and watch? Would God look at that and say, "Oh, that's something to be proud of"? Would God say, "If you did something wrong, I wouldn't know, but if you did well, why did it turn out like that"? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." If a child tells their father not to believe in Jesus and strikes him on the right cheek, should the father then strike the left cheek? (Laughter) What is that father? That father… You need to understand these principles. Do you understand?

That’s why, in a short time, I need to lay the foundation to save the people of the world, and I need to understand that I cannot avoid such operations. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Your parents might try to kidnap you, but because you have no foundation, you just sit still. If you have converted hundreds of people, when your parents come to kidnap you, would they say, "Oh, your son or daughter is wonderful"? Would they still try to kidnap you? If you have that kind of foundation, they wouldn't. Do you understand what I mean? Because you have no such foundation, you get kidnapped. If you live better than your parents and have a greater foundation than them, would they come to kidnap you? Society respects you, and the nation honors you. When the nation welcomes you and the world welcomes you, would they still try to kidnap you? Right? 

If the Unification Church has the best universities in the world and everything in history must go through the Unification Church, would they still try to kidnap you?

Now is the time to lay the foundation diligently

The suffering you endure is not because the Unification Church’s Reverend Moon wants to succeed. When Reverend Moon lays the foundation, you all succeed. Everything gets better. That’s why you need to understand that I cannot avoid this game. What good is it to play this game if there is no foundation?

Look. When I come to England, I try to buy all the people who visit me good clothes at Harrods. Then, it will spread all over Harrods. It will spread all over the tailor shops. It will be rumored that Reverend Moon came and bought hundreds of dollars worth of suits. That’s the strategy. If necessary, I would buy tens of thousands of dollars worth. In London, I could spend millions of dollars…

So, who do I buy for? For those who will become the leaders of the world, for those who are suffering. Would that be considered a bad thing or a good thing? (The recording briefly cuts out)

But I don’t wear good suits. I wear cheap clothes, and if possible, I don’t buy from Harrods. I buy from somewhere else. I buy my clothes from the cheapest place, from the far end. This suit is Polish, you know, Polish. It’s not British. (Laughter) That way, my conscience and heart are at ease. I don’t feel guilty. Isn’t that right? Buying a few hundred dollars worth of suits for myself is not as good as buying a few hundred dollars worth of suits for others. Isn’t that right?

Then you would say, "The teacher came here and went to the market every day." That’s the impression it leaves. You go to a Chinese restaurant, and every time I come, you would say that. (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." That’s why you need to lay the foundation. You need to establish a foundation. Because I have laid the foundation, if I can’t always do that for everyone, would the teacher’s heart be at ease? If I bought a hundred Benz cars and gave one to everyone who comes to the Unification Church, would young people come in or not? Then would your parents tell you to go to the Unification Church or not? (Laughter) If I said I would buy you a house, what would happen?

When I come to London again, if every day I buy a house for someone, if I buy a house worth about $500,000 for someone every day when they join the Unification Church, would young people in England all come in or not? Think about it. If I bought a house every day for 365 days, would young people in England all flock in or not? (Laughter) You wouldn’t need to evangelize. If you buy them a house, you wouldn’t need to evangelize. If you do this for just one year, all the young people from Oxford and Cambridge will set up camp… They will set up camp at the school. Would that happen or not? "Yes." With that foundation, you wouldn’t need to evangelize. You should be able to play and still go to heaven; would you rather suffer and then go to heaven? It’s the same for you. Do you understand? I’m doing this because I have to, because I have to.

God allows persecution to make you lay the foundation quickly

Until now, how have you been? What have you been doing with the notion of enduring, serving, and sacrificing? You should not think that you have to face opposition from them; this is our life. You should think that my sacrifice, service, and endurance are for laying the foundation, for ruling the world. You need to have that kind of foundation. The reason I endure silently is because of that thought, because I endure for the future, for humanity. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

If you are persecuted by your parents, you need to have a foundation stronger than your parents. If you are persecuted by your country, you need to have a foundation stronger than that country. If you are persecuted by the world, you need to have a foundation stronger than any foundation in the world. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." That’s how God is.

So, whenever I have even a penny, I prepare this. Whenever you have money that you earned through hard work, I prepare this. I’m laying the foundation for problems that can move the world. That’s why even when you are hungry, it’s necessary to leave a penny behind; it’s necessary to have that penny you earned through sweat. You need to think like that. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Those who cannot leave a foundation through patience and contemplation will be losers; that’s why Jesus failed. No matter how much the Jewish people suffered, endured, and contemplated, if they had embraced the Arab world and created a Jewish nation, that would have been…

Unification Church members must quickly surpass the foundation of established churches. We must make young people better than them and also create an external foundation that is better than theirs. Right? "Yes." We may be small, but in terms of quality, we are great. Those people are soldiers without guns. They have no guns. When you say Christians are soldiers, they are like soldiers without guns. When they face us, they can’t move. The quality is different. We are practicing what we preach. Established churches only speak; they do not practice. So the foundation is…

So, if there is a church for sale, what should we do? Reverend Moon buys it all. He buys it. Why does he want to buy it? Because the people who used to oppose the Unification Church now see that the church has collapsed, and now I have become the owner in front of them, showing that the owner has changed. That’s what’s impressive. I was opposed by the deacon of that church. I buy the church to relieve the grievances of Unification Church members. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." And then, for the Christian countries, if it’s America, we need to build a stronger influence than America…

That’s why I’m here giving instructions throughout America. I’m saying, "You need to do this and that, and if this happens, do it like this…" Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." If it’s the Communist Party, I’m setting up all the countermeasures against the Communist Party right now…

Now, why does America hate and oppose Reverend Moon? Even American seminaries. Why does America oppose? "They don’t know…" No. It’s not that they don’t know. They know very well… If this organization were left for just ten years, the U.S. State Department and the entire United States would think Reverend Moon’s influence is paramount. And the young people think that I’m ruining America. They think like that. Do you know? Reverend Moon is a famous person. (Laughter) It’s the same in England. The British intelligence agency is also watching, "Let’s see what Reverend Moon is doing." Do you think they won’t investigate? The FBI and CIA know me too well.

If America goes a little further, what changes will happen in the FBI and CIA? They will realize that the Unification Church is the only one that can save Christianity and the only one that can stop communism. It will be determined in the near future. How? They know very well what Reverend Moon is doing in Japan. Do you know what instructions I give in Japan? You don’t know, do you? You don’t know what instructions I give in Korea, do you? Even though I’m in England, I’m not just working for England. Right? "That’s right."

What does that mean? It means, "I will not be defeated by those who opposed me; I will lay the foundation for the world." With the resentment that Jesus had when he came, I will resolve the resentment that God has endured. Do you understand? You are the same. Don’t be a person without bones; be a person with bones. I am a person with bones. Just sacrificing is not the path of our religious people; that’s not it. It’s not that serving and being persecuted is what religion does. God allows persecution to make you lay the foundation quickly. He wants you to think well. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

You need to become someone who can sympathize, not someone who seeks sympathy

If you only had these thoughts, the more you are persecuted, the more you will develop and expand. You will expand. The more difficult it is, the more you will develop. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You should think, "Let them oppose me several times more. I will lay a stronger foundation than the teacher." You should think like this: "God, let them oppose me. I will lay a foundation greater than yours." You are telling God to oppose you. Do you understand? Then, if I lay the foundation while being persecuted and give everything to God for free, would God bow his head and say, "Oh my"? Wouldn’t he? If I bring it to God, who has persecuted me, and give it to him without any compensation, what do you think God would feel? When he receives that, would he completely submit or not? He would submit. Do you understand what I mean?

If I lay a foundation greater than Reverend Moon’s opposition and offer it to him, would Reverend Moon say, "Oh, I won!"? Wouldn’t he? (Laughter) It’s the same. If America opposed me, I would seek a new America, a greater America, and give it to you. If England opposed me, I would seek a greater England and give it to you. It’s the same for both America and England. I would create one nation in England, one nation in South America, and one in Africa… I could lead America properly. Do you understand what I mean? Do you understand or not? "I understand." Do you want to have such thoughts starting from this morning or not? "I will."

To do that, I need to think that I should go to the African continent for the sake of justice. Those who think like this will surely have God with them. God will be with them. Even without praying, God will…
You follow me, even without praying. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

The ones I taught in Korea, the ones who worked hard for me, the ones who said they would do anything for the teacher if they received a revelation, when I went to prison, they all fell away. The people who had separated from the North began to oppose me, and when I came to the South, I went to prison again. In the end, all those who had opposed and separated from me came to see me in prison, saying, "You're still doing that. Look at what happened. Everything I opposed until now was right." I still can't forget that. There are many such instances. Do you understand? It lasts for a long time. I will make it possible for you to all submit from a position of several thousand or several tens of thousands of times more valuable than yours, and that is why I am working tirelessly, without resting. That is why what I say must go beyond that; otherwise, I won't speak. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

In that sense, Reverend Moon is a formidable person. He is someone with substance. They are not the kind of people who come to seek sympathy from others. They come when they can offer sympathy, when they have the ability to do so; they never come when they are seeking sympathy. They come when they can offer it. Do you understand? 

I have seen a lot of that. Still, later on, when the enemy's son was studying, I secretly sent him money to help him study. The next generation is not guilty; the next generation will follow the path we have taken. 

So, what about those children? Their father opposed Reverend Moon unconditionally, and Reverend Moon was the enemy of their father, yet they completely submit to the son of the enemy. Do you understand what I mean? Even those who have been investigating us and those who have known us negatively will all become friends over time. Such a foundation is necessary. 

That is why I am establishing schools, creating newspapers, and forming media organizations; I am doing all that. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." I have directed someone to meet with the president of a large company in Germany and said, "I will invest like this, I need to buy shares, should I buy 20 percent or not?" Do you understand? There is no money. What will we do? Just give a deposit, and after three years, everything will be settled. Do you understand what I mean? During that time, I will make you all suffer to the point of death. I am asking you to endure in three years what would normally take ten years. Is that welcome? "Yes." Why? Because a seven-year period is given. 

Now, if the country is to benefit from our situation, think about how much the world will be saved. Is what the teacher is doing well thought out or not? "Well thought out." Why? Because it is for the world, it is for God. Do you understand that? 

That is why the teacher forgets about sleeping and eating for three years. Should we do this or not? "We should." It is already miserable now; how much more miserable will it be? Even though my face has become like this and I have shrunk without energy, when I make a resolution, I say, "Hmm, hmm" (indicating facial expressions). 

These days, my mother says my belly is getting bigger, and I say, "Let it grow as much as it can; I will do it like that for three years." (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean? Do you all agree with that? "Yes." Why? To lay the foundation. 

So, I think about becoming the world's leading industrial king by combining the best technologies of German, British, and American companies. King Enterprises! That is what must be done. I think that way. Do you agree with that? "Yes." When I say, "Let's go make a ship," you should say "Yes" and go. That is how it should be. You should not say, "I will make a ship..." Do you understand what I mean? I think that way. 

I made the best nets in Barrytown, right? "Yes." You saw, right? When making nets, you work like a fisherman. You work all night, right? "Yes." You would have done that. "Oh, without the teacher, we wouldn't have to do this. They say he went to England; how nice!" you would have thought. Today, what about fishing? This year, they are fishing again, bustling about... (Laughter) Did you meet a good teacher or not? "We met a good teacher." Why? Because in three years, I laid the foundation that would normally take ten years. Do you agree with that? "Yes." Thank you very much. (Laughter) Now you must have understood what the teacher is doing. If I say I will do something, I will do it. 

When I came out like this, did my parents tell me not to take this path or not? Did my siblings, my wife, and everyone else not say the same? Even the school teachers, relatives, and even the country told me not to go. However, now even the country has come to the stage where it must rely on Reverend Moon. With this hand, this head, and this body, I have laid that foundation. 

That is why ideology is formidable. The spirit is formidable. Now, what gives me peace is that the whole world is before my eyes; the whole world is now under my command. Do you understand? If I go a little further, the Prime Minister of England will want to meet me, and if I go a little further, the Prime Minister of Japan will want to meet me, and if I go a little further, the President of the United States will want to meet me. Such events will come in the not-so-distant future. Even if I just stay still... Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Even if my face is unattractive, when my ideology, the traditional ideology I possess, is excellent, when I build a foundation centered on that tradition, I become a great figure. (Laughter) Right? If a man is unattractive, he should not be lamented in society. Just because he looks like this, don't keep thinking he is unattractive. Just build the foundation. Build a great foundation. Women, do not lament being unattractive. Just have a foundation. Right? "That's right." 

You originally, you in the West, when you entered the Unification Church, you were planning to marry among whites, right? But now that it has become a foundation for international marriages, you say, "I should do it too." (Laughter) If you had said you would do it from the beginning, everyone would have run away, right? Now it has all become common sense. Unification Church mass weddings! Do you know how much opposition there was in Japan and Korea? Now that the foundation and tradition have been made better than theirs, they say, "Oh, hurry up and do it, hurry up and do it." (Laughter) Why? 

Those who think and strive cannot be defeated. 

When we held our mass wedding, with 1,800 couples, it became global, right? The newspapers of all countries made a fuss, and it became a global celebration. What is better, that or two people walking like doves to the wedding march in a corner of the neighborhood? The world’s newspapers reported on it and all that, right? (Laughter) 

Many people sent me letters saying, "Please let me attend the Unification Church mass wedding." It was amazing. (Laughter) Think about that. How exciting is that? Just imagine if we were to have a mass wedding of a hundred thousand couples across the world. Young people around the world would be like, "Oh, when will Reverend Moon have a mass wedding for hundreds of thousands of people?" Do you think that will happen? "Yes." 

Think about it, how wonderful would that be? 

Now, will the whole world watch this through artificial satellites on TV or not? Think about it. Just think about it, how would that be? When we say we had a mass wedding, we can boast, "That was my celebration." How much would you boast to your children? (Laughter) Just imagine showing that photo and saying, "How did we take this...?" When you see the whole photo, it would be like that. Your children would feel the same. At their wedding, wouldn’t it be splendid, with the two of them like doves... Think about how amazing that would be. (Laughter) 

When the mass wedding becomes a tradition, both men and women will line up like this. Even if they want to get married, they will endure and endure, saying, "Oh, I will wait a little longer." (Laughter) The foundation is that formidable. Do you understand? 

Now, when you all do fundraising, if it becomes a tradition to work harder, what will happen? Then will young people become bad people? With such a foundation, will young men become bad young men or not? Think about it. For others, for the whole... Therefore, you must realize how great a thing you are doing. Right now, it is nothing. "Oh, what about the Unification Church..." (Making a face. Laughter) You must understand how great a thing you are doing. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Now you understand. Even if there is persecution, even if they drive you away, you must go. The well-off people do not think, which is why they fail. That is failure. You must understand that. It is taken away by those who think and strive. 

Even if it is difficult now, if you think and strive, you can escape that situation. 

Now, can those of you from Germany raise your hands? Germans. Put your hands down. Germany is said to be the best in technology, but do not boast. If there is a nation that has been unfairly persecuted and looked down upon by Germany, and that nation is determined to surpass Germany, Germany will lose. It will lose to the country that thinks a lot. Do you understand what I mean? 

For example, they say that ball bearings are the best in the world, and Germans have been proud of that. Countries like Japan have treated it lightly and have been cutting prices. However, Germans do not think, but Japanese do, so in the not-so-distant future, within a few years, Japan will completely catch up with Germany. 

Japan will now produce the best products at prices below two-thirds of Germany’s. So, even when the EEC judges ruled, they did not completely lose, did they? When Japan went to Western society and was completely ignored, they gritted their teeth and endured, silently enduring and thinking. By thinking, they completely turned Western society upside down. Be it cars or electronics... Nowadays, even computers will be taken away in the not-so-distant future. They will be completely taken away. 

In the East, Koreans must catch up to the Japanese. That is the problem. (Laughter) Therefore, even if they build factories, they must build them bigger and endure more hardship. For the Japanese, the economic rival in the future is Korea. It is not the United States, it is not the United Kingdom, it is not Germany. It is none of those. It is Korea. 

That is why Koreans have endured and thought for five thousand years. 

Because of that tradition, someone like the teacher has emerged. Now, combining our unification ideology, when Korea rises, I think it will become the most significant issue in the global era. Do you understand what I mean? The Korean spirit is like that of a spy, a spy. They investigate... They are suspicious like detectives. Because of such issues, they have remained a small nation until now. That is why Korea is a very sensitive country in the Asian and global situation. It is more sensitive than any other country. 

Korea stands at the forefront of the communist world and the democratic world, enduring the pains of both the communist world and the democratic world. By enduring, by knowing how to endure, and by thinking only of enduring, they will sweep the world. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." If that happens, there is hope. Is there hope? 

If you look at England, quietly observing England, it has fallen to a third-rate country this time. The British Empire, Great Britain, what is so great about it? It is Little Britain. (Laughter) What does England need in front of the British? They must be able to endure the world's suffering. England must be able to overcome this. It is about whether they can remain a nation that can endure. If England does not think and just goes along like the United States, it will soon fail. Do you understand? 

From now on, the British must cultivate the strength to overcome any difficulties in the world. If they can overcome that and create a nation that can think of the future with hope, then even though the land of England is small, it can lead the world and become the leading country in the second generation of Europe. Otherwise, there is no hope. 

That is why the Unification Church is trying to spread its ideology here in England. What do you think? How should we do unification ideology? If you accept it, I believe you will become a nation that can rise again globally. The youth of America, the seminar students, all did it, and the British people must go out into the world and do this. Everyone must have this kind of thought... If they want to persecute, let them. It is a country that can become a global cultural power, a country that is better equipped than any other. That is all correct, right? "Yes." 

If you just live well without thinking, you will fail. You must follow Reverend Moon's thoughts. The reason I came to England and am doing this activity is that I believe this is the right time for such a chance. That is why I am doing this. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be here. What do we need to build a foundation, factories, and schools for? What is there to do here? Wouldn't it be better to go somewhere else? Do you think so? "Yes." 

Can the Germans raise their hands? Now, there are also black Africans here. Put your hands down. Black people, do not complain about being persecuted and having difficulties. You must endure and think. Do not become thoughtless people, you Africans. If you cannot do that, you will forever be in misery. If you cannot think, you will never escape that situation. God will not help you, and the world will not need you. 

Now, Reverend Moon, even though everyone in the world dislikes him, he does not fail because he is a person who endures and thinks. Young people will inevitably follow him. 

Do you need the teacher? "Yes." What do you need? What do you need? You need him because there is a way to endure when you cannot endure, and there is a way to think when you cannot think. (Laughs) Do you understand? "Yes." Why do you need the teacher? Because he has the content that can prepare you to think bigger. Otherwise, you do not need him. What do you need when you have a president, a prime minister, school teachers, and everything else in your country? There are many churches; what do you need? 

You need to endure and follow. Otherwise, everyone would run away, but you need the strength to make it possible to endure.
Ladies and gentlemen, would you play this game if it weren't for the teacher? You would run away, right? Because of the Unification Church, we can endure more difficulties, and if there are more difficulties, it’s because of me…. When there are difficult things, we can think beyond what others cannot imagine, which is why we need the teacher. Other than that, we don't need anything else.

That is why the teacher can make you suffer. Reverend Moon does such things. Do you understand? He is different from established Christians. There are things that established Christians cannot do, which is why the Unification Church is necessary. Do you understand? "Yes." Right, now you understand? You all understand now?

The history that has led to the results of the fall due to the inability to endure and reflect. Now, let’s see how much this effect, if done this way, influences history. Look. If Adam and Eve had endured, would they have fallen? If Eve had endured just a little, would they have fallen? "No." If she had thought just a little more, would they have fallen? "No." Even if Eve fell, if Adam had thought just a little more, he would not have fallen. If Adam had not fallen, it would have simply been restored. Think about how easy that would have been. Wouldn’t it have been? "Yes." If they had just endured a little more and thought a little more, they would not have fallen. Would it have been so, or not? "Yes, it would have."

During that time, even if you wanted to evangelize, you would not be allowed to. You would not be allowed. (Recording briefly interrupted) If Noah had thought just a little after the 40-day flood judgment, if he had not acted naked… If he had thought even a little, would he have acted that way, if he had just endured a little, drinking alcohol? Right? If he had just endured a little more and thought a little more, he absolutely would not have acted that way.

Also, when Abraham was to offer sacrifices, if he had quietly observed and thought about the three sacrificial animals, would he have made a mistake? Among the three sacrificial animals, why did he split two but not the third? Right? "Yes." Also, if John the Baptist had just endured a little regarding Jesus and thought a little more, would he have opposed Him? What if Jesus had begun His public ministry at 40 instead of 30? What would have happened? What’s the point of going to the established church and causing a fuss? Just stay quiet…. Moses too, right? If he had thought just a little about striking the rock twice, would he have done it, if he had just endured a little? Do you understand that?

So, what do you think? Reverend Moon is the same. Reverend Moon is the same. Because I knew that, I did not appear in any official position in Korea. I absolutely did not appear in public positions. The teacher may appear in public now, but until 1971, he absolutely did not appear in public. He never held any official meetings. Do you understand? He did see worship in the church. He saw it in the Unification Church, but on a national level, he absolutely did not do it. It was to lay the foundation.

So, having laid the national foundation, he was able to move on to the global foundation. Finally, in 1971, I went to America and appeared in official settings.

On April 30, 1973, I received my permanent residency, and from then on for three and a half years, until September 1976, this was exactly three and a half years. Right? Now, I have also laid the foundation in America. In 1972, while traveling across the United States, Reverend Moon completely laid the foundation for victory.

When was my meeting in London? It was in 1972, right? In 1972. At that time, I had to introduce Reverend Moon to all the nations of the world. If you see England as a nation, America is the nation of Adam, and Germany is the nation of the archangel. I went to these three countries.

So, I am fighting centered on America. I am working centered on America. Right? So, I laid the entire foundation. Having taken full responsibility for America, I am now taking responsibility for England. For four months, for 120 days. Now, during that period, how does Reverend Moon influence England? Does he appear as a bad person or a good person? "A good person." Is England like that?

So, gathering all the Europeans, centered on London, we must promote that Reverend Moon is good and that Unification Church members are good. We are laying the foundation; you may not hear anything, but the rumors are diverse. Reverend Moon in front of all of London…. When you see that, you think he must have suffered, and you think he cannot speak, but when he speaks, it flows like a waterfall…. All those rumors spread.

Moreover, when I meet theologians and established church pastors, they all meet me and say, "Wow, I thought Reverend Moon was crazy, but only very smart people have gathered in the Unification Church; we don’t have such young people in our church, Reverend Moon is better than me, Reverend Moon is happier than me."

"Let’s see how long this lasts. He won’t last six months." And then after six months, they think, "Let’s see if it lasts three years." Once three years pass, they begin to reflect. "I opposed the Unification Church, but it’s not the Unification Church I thought it was." They will reflect on all their opposition to the Unification Church. You will become the condition for their reflection. It is not getting smaller; it is getting bigger. "Oh, only the seminarian from Korea was like that, but now we have such a person in our neighborhood, oh, we have one in our neighborhood. Oh, we have two, three, four, five, six…" On the day it reaches ten thousand, it will completely melt away. Just think about it, if we have ten people, will England survive or perish? Think about it. Will Reverend Moon thrive or perish?

He may light a match, but once the fire is lit, the match is no longer needed. It can ignite anywhere. It’s the same.

When the fire is first lit, the wind can be terrifying, but once the fire is lit, the wind makes it better. The more it blows, the better it is. Do you understand what I mean? That’s how I think.

"Let that house be struck by lightning, let it be struck by lightning," isn’t that what’s happening now? Right? This will absolutely not disappear. It will not disappear from London’s history. You must understand that it has become an event that will not disappear from the history of Christianity in London. So, if you pull it firmly, the history of Christianity will be drawn along. Do you understand? And as the fire is lit, it catches onto the hair, and "Oh no, oh no," it’s the same everywhere…. They are all playing that game. Then it will catch on here and there, it will all catch on. Isn’t it happening here too? "Yes."

Only those who endure and reflect can inherit the tradition of the Unification Church. That is why, if you endure just a little more, you will keep trying to stick together…. Is this a sign of failure or a sign of prosperity? "Prosperity…" Despite this, you must endure and think, "Oh, this is hard…" You must endure. Those who fall in such situations will all perish. It’s the same now as it was in the past. You must understand this clearly. You must endure and think. It is not about not enduring without thinking. If you do not think, there is no need to endure. It is about thinking while enduring, and enduring while thinking. If you do that, you will surely become a successful person. You will surely be recognized in history. Because of God, such people will undoubtedly receive God’s cooperation and present global issues. They will present issues of goodwill and create a new world. Now you understand? "Yes."

While thinking, you should say that you are happier than others. When you eat, live, and dance, think that it also has value in happiness. You must think that you are happier than those who are well-off, than those who oppose you, than that lady, and than that owner. Why? What makes you happy? It is to save those who dance. Also, it is to save those well-off ladies. It is to save the president or prime minister of this country. Do you understand what I mean?

You may boast and be arrogant, and all those who oppose you will disappear at once, but the opposition I face will grow larger as time goes on, becoming the foundation of power that can subdue the whole. I am laying my foundation. Thus, it becomes a foundation that can naturally subdue and achieve natural victory. This is absolutely necessary in daily life, among friends, and in interpersonal relationships. You must understand that it is absolutely necessary in life. Do you understand?

If you slander among friends, do they like it? Don’t they all like those who endure and think? Even parents want to trust their children who endure and think. It’s the same with siblings. Why do they want to trust them? History relies on that, and heavenly fortune goes toward such places; you must understand that. Do you understand what I mean?

What about our Unification Church? When Reverend Moon looks at someone…. It is someone who endures and perseveres. Think about this. Think a lot, and if you ask a question, they will say something thoughtful. That person is the one who inherits the tradition of the Unification Church. Do you understand? Right?

When looking at the Unification Church globally, which country inherits the tradition of the Unification Church? It is the country that endures and thinks, a country with such a national character that inherits the tradition of the Unification Church. That’s for sure, right? "Yes." That’s right, a person who complains about establishing that country is a bad person. The teacher himself sees it that way. God sees it that way too. Is this statement wrong?

That is why, when trying to give true blessings, He pushes you down a difficult path. That is why He pushes all the leaders that way. If you just give three instructions, you will understand. You will know whether that person is trying to do something difficult or trying to enjoy it. Whether they do it formally, by their own means, or reluctantly…. If they do that, it is certain. Do you understand now? "Yes." For that, you must always have your mouth, ears, and eyes…. That is the secret. Open your mouth when necessary, pretend not to hear when you listen…. Pretend not to see with your eyes. In Eastern thought, the ear (耳) and mouth (口)—I think the eyes are missing here—must become the king (王) to become a sage. (Pointing to what he wrote) What this means is that you can speak eloquently, but not speaking is also something you do better than anyone else. You must have it all. After becoming a king, the more you keep your mouth shut, the more authority you have. While you need to speak until you become a king. God, having become the king of the universe, has no words. That is why there are many secrets of the way. Do you understand? The teacher also has many secrets. Just yesterday morning, I spoke about things I have never said about my mother throughout my life. One by one. It’s not about telling everything. Do you understand what I mean?

That is why Sangcheol says, "Oh, even after serving the teacher for 20 years, I don’t understand." (Laughter) If everyone knew everything, would there be followers? That’s right. This is absolutely necessary in daily life. What should you do? Shut your ears, shut your mouth, and it’s okay to stick your nostrils out. (Laughter) If you block this, it will be a problem, but close your eyes and act as if you haven’t seen, and act as if you haven’t heard, and even if you want to speak, don’t speak.

Listen and see, and when it’s time to speak, then speak. When it’s time to see, then see. Do everything at once. Completely shake it off. At that time, speak. Do you understand what I mean? Act as if you haven’t seen, act as if you haven’t heard, and even if you want to speak, do not speak. Why? To lay the foundation….

Now, ladies, shall I teach you how to get a good husband? (Laughter) This is how you do it. Endure and reflect while shutting your ears and eyes. If you do that, a wonderful husband will surely appear and say, "Please live with me," but you don’t do that.

A person who sacrifices for others is a great person. 

Now, if you think a lot, you will surely develop. Isn’t that so? You don’t have to wear makeup. No matter how many ribbons you tie in your hair, it doesn’t matter what your clothes are. Nothing is a problem. Do you think that? Do you think that or not? "I think so."

Now, don’t the guys want to get a good wife too? "Yes." It’s the same, the same. Why am I saying this today? Our Unification Church members unconditionally do service and sacrifice. If you don’t think, it won’t work. What is the 360 houses about? It’s about creating your foundation. You must understand this. Endure, work hard, think a lot, listen to all sorts of things, and endure what you see. Then, when you thought they were just doing nothing, you realize they are an orator who has gathered all 360 houses. "Wow, that person was so smart," they will say. That shows you. It shows your ability.

When I was in prison, for three years in the communist world, I didn’t say a word. They didn’t know that Reverend Moon was a monster who could ruin the communist world. What would have happened if I had spoken? They didn’t even dream of it. Also, our comrades had no idea that Reverend Moon was doing such activities because I didn’t speak. Our parents didn’t know either because I didn’t speak. Our siblings didn’t know either. I didn’t say anything. I must lay the foundation before I speak.

This is the restoration providence. Do you understand? "Yes."

In the process of indemnity and restoration, one must practice before teaching. This is the path of restoration.

Now, what does this mean? Patience. Let’s say it together. Patience, patience, "Patience." Then what comes next? Reflection, reflection. "Reflection." Reflection means deep thinking. It’s not just thinking once. When you say something, you think about whether that word was wrong or right. You analyze and think about everything like this.

Now, your eyes must know how many good things you have seen today and how many bad things you have seen. Your ears must know how many good things you have heard and how many bad things you have heard. Your mouth must know how many good words you have spoken…. Here, the women should fill their mouths with a few pieces of metal. Fill three for rebirth, growth, and perfection, and fill three for the eyes for rebirth, growth, and perfection, and fill three for the ears for rebirth, growth, and perfection. Do you understand what I mean? When you do that, heaven will help, and everyone around you will give for you. It will surely happen. They will try to serve you like a mother and like the teacher. It will happen. Just wait and see if it happens or not.

If the teacher says to wake up at six in the morning, anyone who wakes up at five-thirty and works will be sought after. They will ask who that person is. If they say to sleep at twelve, they will look for who is still working past one. Such a person is undoubtedly a person of significance.

That is why the teacher was like that in the past. Even when going to work, he would go the earliest and work the latest. He trained like that. If he didn’t come in first, he felt bad. Eventually, he became the most valuable…. That person becomes the successor, that person becomes the owner. Is that right or not? It’s the same. The person who wakes up early and lives their life like this in accordance with heaven’s will becomes the owner. They become the owner of the heavenly kingdom.

And then, if you set up a good banquet and say to come and gather, everyone…
First, people try to sit in a good spot, right? However, if there is someone who stands there, yielding and yielding, and eventually sits in the last seat, that person is the owner. Do you understand? Then, when it’s time to eat, if someone raises their hand and says, "Eat, eat something delicious," and just eats everything and puts it all in their mouth, that person is failing, failing. Even when eating, they should yield everything for others… 

Those who are patient and thoughtful will undoubtedly succeed. 

While I was fleeing with the teacher and two others, you see, everyone fleeing is equally hungry, so as soon as food is prepared, everyone wants to eat. Everyone is hungry. Now, when I think, "I should put my spoon down before the teacher," while eating, I always hear that the teacher puts down the spoon first, so I can’t win. It’s always the teacher who puts down the spoon first. Everyone is equally hungry. For two months, we walked around… 

So from then on, when the teacher says, "Let’s eat together," everyone gets scared. They all run away. (Laughter) Even if told to pick up the spoon first, they don’t. (Laughter) And when I put down my spoon in the middle, they all leave food in the middle and put down their spoons too. That’s what’s great, that’s it. (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean? That’s what’s great. What kind of people are great? If someone eats more than me with this spoon, then naturally it becomes like this. So when it’s time to eat, they always lower their heads to me. They can’t lift their faces. (Laughter) Do you understand? That’s how there is authority, authority. Do you understand? What makes that happen? There are no complaints there. So they don’t complain. Naturally, it becomes like that. There is power in that. There is power. 

When you go to Korea or Japan, people greet the teacher and all that, but the teacher doesn’t teach them to say, "Hey, greet him." That way, it’s more comfortable. They need to sit comfortably; otherwise, it’s not comfortable. Do you understand? "Yes." 

That’s why they pretend not to see even when they see something wrong. Even while living in East Garden, I know everything. I know when dishes break and all sorts of things, but I pretend not to know. I leave it alone even when I see it. That doesn’t mean there is no authority. Still, everyone is scared of the teacher, or rather, they find it difficult, which is strange. I don’t say anything, but everyone is afraid. They all know. And when they are together, they can do whatever they want, but when the teacher comes, they can’t just do as they please. Do you understand what I mean? 

That’s why in daily life, it’s necessary to be patient and thoughtful, and to take action. It means thinking differently from those who oppose you. It’s about thinking at a higher level. If you keep this well, without a doubt, Unification Church members will succeed. They will undoubtedly succeed. Wherever you go, you will be welcomed. If you become such a person and because of you, one person, ten people, twenty people are influenced worldwide… 

If you keep the words you said today and succeed, ten or twenty years later, you will say, "I succeeded after hearing what the teacher said on August 27," and you will be grateful to the teacher, right? Isn’t that so? "Yes." It’s an extremely important statement. I hope you become a person with substance, a proactive person, and succeed. Will you do that? Raise your hand if you will do that. Put your hands down. God bless you! 

[Translator’s prayer before speaking] 
What rally are we having today? "Yes." I went to see it when it rained before, and I was very disappointed. Are we going to do it like that again today? Has the band come? "They are all here." So what song will you sing? What piece will you choose? "We have a lot of experience, so we will choose from among forty pieces depending on the situation." It would be great if you could play it loudly and powerfully like "Boom ba ba bang-" and then "Da da dan." (Laughter) 

If possible, raise the pitch by an octave. Beep— (Laughter) At that time, just play as if the trumpet is bursting. 

Then, when you perform, you must be neat. The conductor has to do well. When you perform outdoors, you need to arrange the music differently than when you do it indoors. At that time, it should be strong and loud, and then it should transition to soft quickly. So, you need to arrange the music, arrange it. Shorten the small parts… 

Make the activities fun and exciting. 

People’s interest, you see, cannot be captured like this. You have to do it like this: "Um! Um!" That’s how you capture interest. It’s the same thing. While drumming and banging, you should also turn around, bang bang… You have to keep doing it. Search all over the playground. That’s what I’m asking you to do. Everyone participates. If there are fifty people, they all split up, dividing into east, west, south, and north, and they blow together. Try it. You’ll hear all sorts of sounds. (Laughter) How exciting is that? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." It should be exciting like this. And the people who come there should dance and… (Imitating while speaking. Laughter) Then, when they are out of breath, they should take a break and talk. You need to know how to do this. Do you understand what I’m saying? 

So, you make everyone out of breath. After that, when they are out of breath, they can’t help but be quiet. If you talk for about thirty minutes, what is there to listen to? That’s why the band’s role in energizing with songs is crucial. Everyone there should be like this… (Imitating. Laughter) That’s how it should be. 

Such an environment is necessary for demonstrations and rallies. You need to organize the band. You need to arrange the music and do everything differently, excitingly. I don’t know if I will go today. I don’t know if I will go or not. If everyone says they will come, I won’t go, and if everyone says they won’t come, I will go. (Laughter) That’s why Reverend Moon is said to be fun. 

Even when the teacher takes you to the mountains, it’s not just one thing all day long; he does various things. He continues to do fun things all day. So, the teacher goes, and everyone follows him around. Even when staying up all night, they don’t want to leave. Wouldn’t it be nice to do that here? "Yes." (Laughter) 

Now the teacher is old. I’ve become an old person, but from now on, I need to be a bit more dignified. (Laughter) You are all young, right? Even when evangelizing young people, if you sit there and say, "Hey, where did you come from?" it works. (While hitting a family member in front, he speaks. Laughter) Look at their faces. Because of the German character, if I say, "I thought you had a strong German character, but I wanted to see what you were like," it works. (Laughter) It all works. And then I say, "How much money do you have in your wallet? Let’s see some German money." That works, it works. "I’m out of pocket money. Let’s go have lunch together; since I don’t have much money, let’s go to a Chinese restaurant together." That works. (Laughter) Then, while eating, you can evangelize and do all sorts of things. You need to know how to smoothly transition like that. When will you do this or that? That’s necessary. 

You need to add jokes too. You can look and say, "Your beard looks good, you rascal." (Laughter) Even if you grab the beard and say this, it makes them feel good. After that, you talk about what’s good and what’s bad, saying, "The thing that women hate the most when kissing is this, what is this? I’ve been married, and women say that, but you haven’t married yet!" This is how you teach. That method works. (Laughter) It all works. It’s necessary. 

Evangelism should be done wisely in various ways. 

How do you make a person you just met feel closer than a friend you’ve known for ten years or a lifetime? You need to study that. I think the teacher does evangelism beautifully. So, in evangelistic activities, you can trip someone walking and help them up while greeting them; that all works in the young generation. 

If a young person asks why they are doing this, you can say, "Seeing you young people, you look like a German, but your attitude is like that of a South Asian, which I don’t like, so that’s why I did it. You look like a German on the surface, but what’s with this silly attitude?" That’s what I think. I like that kind of thing. Don’t you agree? This is necessary. You can even pull someone’s tie. (Laughter) While pulling it, you can say, "What is this? What is this?" (Imitating while speaking. Laughter) 

You can pull someone’s tie and do whatever you want. If it’s crooked, you should know it’s crooked… 

Then, when you start sweating, you have to do this. (Imitating while speaking. Laughter) This is how it should be. When you start sweating, you need to wash up. But if I don’t have money in my wallet, what’s wrong with asking to borrow some? If someone doesn’t understand that, then there’s no use in evangelizing. (Laughter) That’s how it is. Living in the human world requires humor; isn’t that right? When a woman walks by, you say, "Good morning," and pull your handbag. (Laughter) Can you resist being pulled? You look at their face. Everyone can talk as much as they want, so why can’t they talk? I think there are countless ways to evangelize. 

Then what do you do? After asking, "How do you feel now?" you start evangelizing. I see you as intelligent and educated, like a lady from a prestigious family, and I wanted to see if such an expression appears on your face. Then you say, "Hey, your family is like this and that…" and compliment them. And whenever that lady goes somewhere, she will surely think of that young man. "Hey, what kind of young man is he? Where could he be now? I hope to see him again." So, if you show up at that place about ten days later, you can say, "Oh, there he comes. Good morning, good morning, Mr. Park!" and greet him first. Then, you can meet again freely. 

That’s why evangelism can be done in various ways. It’s not a bad thing. It’s not done with bad intentions; you can do it for that person as much as you want. 

Sometimes, when you evangelize without a penny, if an older lady goes by, you can ask where she is. "You remind me of my favorite older sister. When she saw me, she would always treat me to lunch. Seeing you reminds me of her. I have money, but can you treat me to lunch to remind me of my sister?" You can make a joke like that. (Laughter) If she agrees, then she’s a woman. That’s how you can get a free lunch. 

Also, if you’re hungry somewhere and see two people eating in a restaurant, if they’re sitting together, you can just go in and sit down and eat with chopsticks. What’s so embarrassing about that? I trained a lot in Korea for that. Now, go to Seoul! Go to Seoul without a penny! Everyone goes to Seoul without a penny. Even if you have to lie, you take the train, take a taxi, or whatever, just come by any means. This kind of training is necessary. At that time, you need to learn all those means. There are all sorts of games, all sorts of games. This kind of training is necessary. 

If you want to go somewhere but don’t have a car, you stop the car of someone driving alone. You stop them. Then, will the car not stop? After that, you say, "I saw you were about to fall asleep. So, that won’t do. It’s a big deal. The way you’re driving back and forth won’t do. So, I stopped you to drive for you." Then you get in and go. Boom— (Laughter) If you do that, when will I say I did that? There’s no one who falls asleep while driving. (Laughter) That’s how it is. Then I can go in the car, see everything, and even sleep in a hotel. All that fun happens. Do you understand what I mean? 

Because I’ve trained like this, even when everyone in American society opposes me, I’m doing this. That’s necessary. Do you understand what I’m saying? But I’m not saying you all should do that. When you do that, you need to know how to do it. Do you understand? (Laughter) You need to be accustomed to getting free meals. You need to train for that. When it’s time to fly, you should know how to fly, and when it’s time to run away, you should know how to run away. Even when you run away, you have to do it beautifully. You need to know how to run away without thinking of other things. 

Also, you need to know how to act crazy. (Laughter) Is this a woman’s handkerchief or a man’s handkerchief? (Laughter) "It’s a woman’s handkerchief." A woman’s handkerchief is also useful. You need to have the leisure to explain this too. Oh, women… (Laughter) So, the teacher has also played the role of a woman a lot, wearing a hat on a rainy day… (Imitating while speaking. Laughter) If you go into the communist world and want to be a spy, you need to do this kind of play too. (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean? That’s why the teacher has a good stomach. Even when cursing, if necessary, I’ll pretend to hear and pretend to see… After a while of cursing, I change the subject. I don’t oppose it, but I joke about your wife. (Laughter) Then we become close immediately. They think whatever they want to think. You need to know how to do these things. 

That’s why the environment you are living in while fundraising is extremely good. You need to realize that it’s extremely good. You may not know, but it’s wonderful. 

Do you all understand? Do you understand about fundraising? "Yes." (Cheers and applause) 

We who have received a calling. 

This time, Mother gave birth to the eleventh child. Therefore, her physical condition is not very good. I think that’s probably why she went out in the middle. It would be better for her to rest. I know well. You don’t know? I know better than anyone. 

I am a socially communal being. 

Today, I will speak on the topic of "We Who Have Received a Calling." Among the family members sitting here, there are people from various countries. Some have started from one place and have gathered here after splitting into two groups, and some have traveled around the world, splitting east and west, right? Just like Adam and Eve split from one ancestor, they started from the same place and split, and now we have gathered through the whole world. 

So, the cultural backgrounds of various countries are different, habits are different, and life backgrounds are different. During that process, the languages became different, and all habits changed. The Bible says that the languages were divided because of the Tower of Babel, but anyway, we want to promote a movement to gather what was separated due to some connection.
Well, if we look at it from this perspective and go backward from your current position, we will reach Adam and Eve. Therefore, if you look through your ancestors, each one of you carries all the elements of your forebears. There are elements from thousands of generations of ancestors that are connected, even if just a little. Just as you know from the laws of genetics, when children are born from parents, those children do not only resemble their parents. They resemble someone among their ancestors. In Eastern societies, this may not be directly felt, but in Western societies, it is felt directly. 

When you go to the East, everyone has black hair and black eyes, so you may not notice it, but here, a child born to a blonde parent can have black hair. Raise your hand if you have a different hair color from your parents. See? There are some. What this indicates is that it shows the fact that you are connecting the blood of thousands of generations of ancestors. Isn’t that right? It is also physiologically so.

Looking at it from a paternal line, that tradition is connected, but from a maternal line, it has all come in sideways. When you look at it this way, the logic that I, as an individual, am ultimately connected to the world is established. On the mother’s side, since you have received elements from the mother’s side, you also possess some elements that connect you to all humanity. Doesn’t that make sense?

If there were something like a balloon that expands when a child blows it, then if I exert my strength, it would pop out from the round balloon. When I assert myself, if I burst out, it would seem like something is protruding from the round shape. When you think of emphasizing yourself from the roundness, if you think of bursting out with strength, it appears as if something is protruding. This protruding thing seems to have come out from the roundness.

Among all this… even a single strand of hair is not entirely mine. When viewed this way, I am a communal being, a communal existence.

Do you understand? If there were a movement where everything in my body sought its own, the conclusion would be that all the people in the world would have to share me. Do you have anything that belongs to you? No, right? Do you have something that belongs to you? Where?

When you look at it this way, when thinking of myself, I can conclude that the cells would want a subjective "me" that can provide communal benefits in the combination of this communal whole.

It recognizes the subject that can provide benefits to the whole. There is a term for benefit, right? More than the term contribution… Do you understand what I mean? Otherwise, it would not allow me to assert myself.

Our ancestors hope that we walk the good path.

Then, when thinking about what kind of path those ancestors or those people of the world want in forming all our cells, would it be a good path or a bad path? “A good path.” What is a good path? Is it good for young maidens to like young men? (Laughter) Making food when hungry is good, and sleeping soundly when tired is also good, right? You all sitting here with back pain and sitting like this is also good, right? (Laughter) Eating when hungry, playing when wanting to play, resting when it’s hard and difficult, young maidens and young men loving each other, all of that is good. It can be seen as good, but that is not what I am talking about.

You have come on a good path centered around your ancestors like a spider web, but what do those ancestors want from you? What would those ancestors say? Can you see your ancestors? “No.” What would those ancestors say? “Oh! I didn’t study much when I was young, so study. Oh! I fought a lot when I was young, so don’t fight.” There would be many things. Have you thought about that? Those who died fighting against Germany in World War II might have some ancestors who say, “Oh! My wish is to crush Germany and wipe out all the Germans.” If everyone has their own enemies, they would ask for revenge.

So, what would our ancestors want from us? What would they ask us to do? If the ancestors want something bad, we should crush those ancestors, but when they go to the spirit world, they would know better than you what is good and bad. Think about it. Since the ancestors are in the spirit world, if God exists, they would know that God exists. Wouldn’t they? They didn’t know on earth, but they would know, right? They would also know the current state of the world, right? And they would know how to proceed in the future, right? If they are in a bad position now, they would know they need to go to a good position quickly.

Now, God is here, and the spirit world is here, but our human life is in a position that opposes following God and the spirit world, saying there is no God and no spirit world.

Then, as I mentioned earlier, there is a good path that the ancestors desire. What kind of path would that be? “Hey, all of you, the path you are currently on is a good path.” Would they say that? “Hey, you foolish ones! The good path is to kick off from here and burst out!” Would they say that? What do you think? Would it be a good path to go the way God and the spirit world want, even if you don’t want it, or would it be a good path to go the way you want, the way you like? It’s different. God and the spirit world say, “Do this,” and I say, “Do this,” so I think this is good for me, and that is good for them.

Humans must walk the good path as a universal principle.

So what do you think should be done? If you are currently in such a state, what would be good? “The second one.” Why the second one? People dislike listening to others. Do you like listening to others? If you think that way, there are thousands of strings connected to you, and if you cut them all and say, “I alone….” Think about that. Would that happen? “What is this? Cut all this….”

So, if I go this way, will this string pull me, or will it not pull me? Will this string stay still, or will it move? If this string pulls me, who will win? One must perish. One must disappear. Both cannot coexist. One must yield, lose, or disappear.

If you cut everything and say, “I alone, I alone! There is no other. I alone,” did you become alone? Can you cut that? Your blinking eyes are all different. Did you blink because you wanted to? You decide nothing. Did your breath say, “I will start breathing now, I don’t know”? Did the blood from your heart flow into the arteries because you commanded it? Nothing starts from you. Everyone, when you see a puppet, isn’t it interesting? Does the puppet dance because it wants to dance? It makes you think it is just like that. Do you understand what I mean?

Then, the “I” represents the world, acknowledges my value for the common good of many ancestors, and affirms all my assertions, but when it cannot serve the common good, it will surely deny the whole. That is the most theoretical statement. Do you think so? Do you understand? “Yes.”

Then, if we walk the path that the ancestors want, what will the ancestors do? Will they push us forward saying, “Do well, do well,” or will they pull us back? If we walk the desired path, they will push us and support us with their hands. Isn’t that right?

When viewed this way, you may not know, but I said that in the spirit world, they know God exists, right? In the spirit world, because they are under the governing authority centered around God, they will move as God desires. That is the constitution of heaven. Isn’t it?

Then, when the ancestors in the spirit world see that the constitution of that heavenly kingdom is not pleasant, what will happen? What will happen when it is not pleasant? There will be many restrictions when they do not want it. Do you understand what I mean? Among the ancestors in the spirit world, there will be absolute supporters, then there will be neutral parties, and then there will be those who oppose it entirely. We can think that way, and thus we can establish the logic that there is hell in the spirit world. Also, there is purgatory, which is the intermediate spirit world.

Then, will it be comfortable there? What do you think? It would be painful. To escape that pain, they must be wishing, “I must become like those people.” That is certainly the case. If you stand in the position of such ancestors, would they say to their descendants related to them on earth, “Hey, descendants on earth! Go to the same painful place as I am,” or would they say, “Become good people and come to the place of good ancestors”? How would they say it? Why would they say, “Come to where I am,” and not say, “Don’t go there, go somewhere else”? Why, why, why? It is similar to how even if there are evil parents in the world, those evil parents would tell their children, “Don’t become evil like me; become a good son like so-and-so.” They want their descendants, their children, to do well. Isn’t that right? Everyone is the same. Isn’t that so?

When you watch movies, for example, when there is a villain, a murderer, and the police mobilize thousands to catch him, but he slips away like an eel. Even if it takes one year, two years, or ten years, they cannot catch him. Then, when they finally meet him somewhere and chase him, when they catch him and beat him and put handcuffs on him, would they feel good or bad?

If the person watching the movie is an unspeakable sinner and an unforgivable murderer, when they see someone like themselves running away in the movie and getting caught, would they say, “Oh! Why are they getting caught?” or would they say, “Oh! They got caught well”? Would they feel good about getting caught? When a murderer or a gang leader, etc., sees another criminal like themselves getting caught, they unconsciously clap their hands. (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” Everyone says, “Ah! That feels refreshing.” Do you understand what I mean? But how painful must their nature be when they clap?

What does that mean? Even if your ancestors in the spirit world did evil deeds on earth, they will say that doing good is good and doing bad is bad. Would they unconsciously say, “Catch him,” or not? And when they catch him and find out he is their descendant, what will they do? What will they say? “Oh, well done”? Or will they say, “You rascal”? How much pain would those ancestors feel? Isn’t that so?

When viewed this way, we on earth must walk the good path. Even the wrong ancestors, even the evil ancestors hope for goodness, and the good ancestors also hope for goodness, and if God exists, God also hopes for goodness. You must understand that this is the universal principle of the universe.

So where should we go? The path we must take is the same for the spirit world and for us; the path is one that follows the laws of the heavenly kingdom, and you must understand that there is no other path. Do you understand what I mean?

What is a good deed? Whether heaven sees it, the nation sees it, the Queen of England sees it, the parliament sees it, society sees it, the individual sees it, or religiously, it is good when “that person does the right thing.” You must understand that doing the right thing is a good deed. It means being righteous, doing righteous deeds. Even if viewed from parliament, it must be righteous; even if viewed from society, even religiously, no matter who sees it, whether parents or siblings, it must be said that one is a righteous person. 

Do you understand? 

If everyone says it is righteous, what does that mean? What is righteous? “Eating when hungry is righteous.” That may be righteous, but it is more righteous to give that food to someone who is hungrier than you. Therefore, it concludes that not eating and giving everything to others is a righteous deed. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.”

Sleeping is the same. Sleeping is good. It is good to sleep when you feel sleepy. However, sacrificing sleep for those who cannot sleep is a righteous deed. If you cannot sleep to help someone who is suffering, that is a more righteous deed. Not sleeping is more righteous than sleeping less.

Also, it is the same with love. “Oh! I love you. We should live together.” Living like that is normal; that is good. However, when you separate and sacrifice that love for the whole, that righteousness is higher. It is evaluated that way. Do you understand? “Yes.” 

Is that the only thing? Is it not the same pace that goes in simultaneously without exception? “It is the same.” Really? “Yes.”

Then, my life is only one, and if I had just left this life, I could have lived until a hundred years, but if I worked for the country, for the world, for the happiness of those people, and I only lived to fifty, which is righteous? Living to a hundred is righteous, or living to fifty is righteous? Living to fifty is half righteous, or hundreds of times more righteous? “Hundreds of times more righteous.” Is that true? “Yes.” It’s all a lie; it’s a lie. “No, it’s not.” Is that more righteous or less righteous? “More righteous.” Who said it was righteous? That means heaven and earth, all of you, whether male or female, it’s the same. Heaven, earth, God, and the spirits in the spirit world are all the same. Do you understand?

From here, we can draw a common conclusion. Therefore, sacrifice; you must understand that there is no good path, no righteous path other than the path of sacrificing oneself for the whole. Do you understand?

Now, to give an extreme example, Dennis, a British citizen, dies for Britain. For the country, Dennis dies. In other words, when A Dennis and B Dennis are about to die together, A Dennis says, “Oh, I die for my country, I die on the cross. I die by being shot.” Then he gets shot and dies. However, when B Dennis is killed, they take out one eye a week, then a week later take out the other eye, then cut off his nose, then cut off his ear, then cut off his arm… like this, one by one until finally shooting him dead. When God awards the title of the best patriot, will He commend Dennis A or Dennis B? If the Queen of England chooses, which one would she choose? “Dennis B.” Why Dennis B? They both died anyway… Why Dennis B?
Is it? "Because I died the most cruelly." Yes, that's right. I died the most cruelly. That is not a common point. Women know too, right? Do women know? "Yes." They know, but they just nod their heads without answering. (Laughter) Women dislike that kind of thing. 

When a child, you know, a little child goes out to play in the neighborhood and comes back crying after a fight, do the parents say, "Did you cry because you hit first or because you got hit first?" Right? If they come back crying after getting hit, that's one thing, but if they come back crying after hitting first, they say, "You little rascal." That's wrong. 

Now, being hit first and sacrificing oneself can be defined as the righteous path, as the path of goodness. Do you understand what I mean? "……" Do you understand or not? "I understand." Raise your hand if you understand. Everyone, you raised your hands. Now, raise your hand if you think that’s wrong. Now you understand, right? 

The definition of good deeds, the definition of righteous deeds, when asked what it is, concludes that there is no other way than the path of patience and sacrifice. More patience and more sacrifice... That is the definition of goodness. Do you understand what I mean? You all understand, right? 

The best of the good is to endure and sacrifice for love. 

Then, while that is good, what is the better good? What is the better good? What is the best among the good? Do you want to know that? It's simple. A person who knows that as knowledge is a righteous person, a good person. Also, historically, our tradition, our ancestors lived that way, so I live that way too; that is also good. And you all think, "Ah, our Unification Church must suffer because the teacher suffered," that is also good. There are various kinds of good, but among them, the path of patience and sacrifice that risks one’s life and love is precious, and you must understand that risking love is more precious than risking life. Do you understand? Why? Why is love like that? It’s simple. Because love is the most precious. 

And is love first, or is life first? "Love." Think carefully. Is love first, or is life first? "Love." That's right. When you were born, didn't you come from your father's love? A man represents heaven, and a woman represents earth. These two, in love to become one, like each other so much that whether looking up or down, there’s nothing bad about it, that’s how your lives were born. What is love? True love has uniqueness, eternity, and unchangeability. You must understand that, do you understand? Those three things are mixed together. Is that so? Let’s see. In literary novels, did they call love temporary love, or did they call it one true love, eternal and unchanging love? What is it? Do you like temporary love, or do you like eternal love? "Eternal love." Do you like changing love, or do you like unchanging love? "Unchanging love." What is that? It’s relative destiny. 

Is it multiple loves, or is it one true love? "One true love." It’s all the same; everyone desires eternal, unchanging, unique love. That is the essence of love. 

You, born from your parents' eternal, unchanging, unique love, are the objects of unique love, the objects of unchanging, eternal love. Raise your hand if you are that person. Did you all come into this world that way? "No." Then how were you born? Did you just come into the world randomly? In the future, we must clarify human value based on this tradition. You must understand that we must clarify human value centered on love. 

In heaven, what is the first value determination criterion? It is love, love. It is not life but love. Then what kind of love is that? It is unique, unchanging, eternal love. Based on that standard, the value criteria of all things are determined. Since God cannot think beyond that, it is a very natural conclusion that that becomes the standard of determination. Do you understand? "That person is a person of character. That person is a valuable being." That is how God sees it based on that standard. 

The Unification Church is seeking eternal, unchanging, unique love. A patriot is not someone who wants to succeed. If it’s England, centered on England, and if England is my only country, I dedicate all my eternal and unchanging love to this country, there is not the slightest change, not the slightest rush, and when I pour out all my love and say I love it, that is a true patriot. Do you understand? A love that can live that way until old age, a love that can go that way even if it means death, when one can love England with such love, that is a true patriot. You must understand that. That cannot change. Once decided, it’s one against a hundred. It cannot change. Even if one’s beloved wife says not to go that way, one must abandon that love and go. Do you understand, women? 

Now, our Unification Church women also have husbands, and while following that husband, if they say, "Oh! I can't live with that guy, oh! Don’t go," and if the husband leaves, would you want to go back, or would you still want to follow? What is it? "I will follow." Why? Because you understand the definition of love. Loyalty to the country, once decided, must remain forever in that heart. It is because it has the elements of eternity, uniqueness, and unchangeability. It is because serving the country is greater than serving the family that one thinks of going to that position of serving. 

What I opposed was because I became part of Satan before that will, before that heart. Because I acted on the side of Satan, I follow. The opposing position is the position of Satan. So you must follow your husband. Do you understand? "Yes." Everything in the world must be like this for everything to be resolved. A patriot is someone who is called a patriot. 

Next, what is a filial child? What kind of person is a filial child? It is someone who offers unique, unchanging, eternal, and absolute love to their parents with all their sincere life. That is the path of a filial child. Did you understand, or not? "I understood." If a child and their parents are walking together and they reach a place where the parents are shot, should the child go and take the bullet instead, or should they not? "They should." What is true parental love? If a child is about to die, should the parents step in to block it, or should they not? "They should." In this world, the only thing left is that parents choose to die for their children at any time. You must understand that. Why? Because that is the heavenly principle. That is still left. In this evil world, that is still left. 

Now, are you a filial child? Are you trying to be a filial child? "I am trying to be a filial child." Is there even one filial child among the young people in today's Western society? Do you think there is, or do you think there isn’t? "I think there is." I think there isn’t. How about you, Unification Church members? What about the teacher? You all talk about true parents and so on, right? 

What is true parents? Is it a word that excludes love, or is it a word centered on love? "It is a word centered on love." It is a word centered on love, a word centered on love. So, when centered on love, it is with eternal love, unique love, and unchanging love that this game is played. What is it? What is it about forming a family? Forever? Who? When? How many years later? 

What are you doing here? You are training for that. Training here is not for anything else. It is to go to a place where love does not change in a changing world, to find one love in a world that can be complicated and multiple, to seek eternal love from temporary love. That is what you are training for here. You must understand that the Unification Church is to train you to become such people. 

Every day selling peanuts, selling biscuits, selling chocolates, waking up at dawn and suffering to death, and when you come home in the evening, Reverend Moon doesn’t say, "Oh! You all worked hard," but rather says, "You rascals," making you suffer so you can’t even live. Is that good? (Laughter) Why is that? "Because there is love." It is because I found one true love in my heart. That is all there is to it. In a changing world, seeking unchanging love, in a complicated and chaotic world, to find the unique subject, to establish the principle of one unchanging love in a changing world, that is the purpose of all this, and you must understand that. 

There can be no complaints from someone who wants to love God. 

No matter how nice Buckingham Palace in England is, if there is changing love, it is all unnecessary. No matter how much I am the daughter of a minister or the son of a minister, if there is changing love, it is all unnecessary. No matter how excellent society is, if there is changing love, it is all unnecessary. Do you understand what I mean? Even if you don’t know what is in your heart, when you go out of the Unification Church... You go out and think, "Oh! Why did I leave? Still, there is nothing but the Unification Church," and then you crawl back in. Do you understand? That is the truth. (Applause) 

The teacher has been running away since his youth. He has been chased every day. Chased by the country, chased in Japan, chased in America, chased in England, chased everywhere. He has been running away and being chased, but why are you like that? It is because there is love. Because he wants to find true love, to find a world of love, young people are chasing Reverend Moon... It seems like Reverend Moon is going to fail, but he is thriving. If God were to let this fail, then the heavenly will and ideals would mean nothing... So heaven cannot help but assist. Therefore, you must understand that the Unification Church has developed while being persecuted. 

If the children of enemies cannot pay tuition and cannot go to school, there is someone who secretly pays their tuition. If there is no food, they provide rice, and if there is no clothing, they send clothes. That is the kind of person they are. Do you understand what I mean? You must love your enemies even if it causes you suffering! That is an undeniable truth. You may suffer, but you have the responsibility to save those people together with me. 

Then what kind of owner does this chair want? It wants the owner of eternal, unchanging, absolute love. The floor, flowing water, and all things seek such an owner of love. 

Money is the same. I am not trying to earn money. Money just comes. Money follows. You all, when you reach out during fundraising, even if you curse, "These rascals, they are foolish," money comes out of your wallets. Do you understand? Your mouth may curse Reverend Moon, but your inner self, your heart, gives money. (Laughter) "Oh, I gave again. I didn’t want to give, but I gave again." There are many people like that. When God sees that, He feels good. Satan cries... The fact that the person in my heart overcomes me is proven. Therefore, it is believed that the establishment of the earthly paradise spoken of in the Unification Church is only possible centered on such love. 

You must understand that without such love, it is impossible. Do you understand? 

Do you have that love? Do you have it, or do you not have it, or are you trying to have it? "I am trying to have it." (Laughter) Until you have that love, you cannot avoid suffering. You must suffer and sacrifice. Because you understand that, the teacher has never complained even while in prison. Can someone who wants to serve God have complaints? No matter how extreme the pain, even if my life is cut off, I will feel God's love and go, and I will follow the heavenly will. It is the responsibility of a son, and even if I must leave love behind, I must leave love behind, but I have not yet reached the position of leaving love behind; how can I complain? I have never complained. Until I die, I must leave love behind, but I have not died yet, and there is still a path left to go. 

If there is a difference between you and me, what is that difference? What is the difference between Reverend Moon and you? Isn’t it the same? There is a difference in the emotional realm. You must understand that there is an emotional difference. Do you understand? God does not particularly love Reverend Moon. But why can He not help but love? Because in the heart, He cannot help but love. Now you understand, right? 

Going the path of a patriot is greater than the path of a filial child, and going the path of a saint is greater than the path of a patriot. 

Today, there are no filial children on this earth, so we must teach the way of filial children, and because there are no loyal subjects, we must teach the way of loyal subjects. Even saints have not fully walked the path of a saint, so we must teach the way of saints. You must understand that there is such a historical responsibility. Do you understand? A person who truly honors their parents at home is directly connected to the path of being a loyal subject to the country. A person who truly serves the country is directly connected to the path of a saint; you must understand that. There is only one path, one, not two. So what is the conclusion? The path of a filial child is to absolutely love one’s parents, and the path of a loyal subject is to absolutely love all the citizens and sovereigns of the country, and the path of a saint is to absolutely love the world. You must understand that. Do you understand? 

That is why the king of the country must follow the path of a saint. They must believe absolutely. Do you understand? A patriot must follow the king, a loyal subject must follow the patriot, and a filial child must follow the patriot. It is one path, one path. Then who should the saint follow? They must follow God. One, two, three, four, do you understand? God also has eternal, unchanging, unique love; here, the saint also has eternal, unchanging love; the king also has eternal, unchanging love; the loyal subject also has eternal, unchanging love; the filial child also has eternal, unchanging love. This is all on one course. You must understand that it is all on one course. Why? Because this is the eternal and absolute course. No matter how much you go around, you must follow this path. Do you understand? 

Then here, individuals go, families go, tribes go, countries go, and everyone goes, but if you must honor your parents and serve your country, and you cannot do both at once, which should you prioritize? When there are both the path of a filial child and the path of a loyal subject, you must understand that it is appropriate to abandon the path of a filial child and take the path of a loyal subject. Why? Because there are many families within the country. Because there are many parents within the country. Do you understand? 

To become a loyal subject here means to become a subject that all parents can revere. Therefore, you must understand that abandoning your parents to walk the path of patriotism is good. That is what all parents wish for. Therefore, you must understand that it is only natural to abandon your parents and take this path. Do you understand? "Yes." Are you sure you understand? "Yes." When you must choose between two paths, you have understood that it is the good path to abandon your parents and choose the path of a loyal subject. 

By the same law, you must walk the path of a saint and the path of patriotism together.
What should we do when the time comes? The path of patriotism should be abandoned, and the way of the sage should be followed. This is the path that remains. It is a good path. Do you understand? Why? Because the path of the sage is the path that all the kings of the nations desire.

Do you understand, everyone? When you have to choose between following God and following the sage, what should you do? You should follow God and abandon the sage. Do you understand what I mean? Did you get it or not? "I understood."

The Unification Church is a church that says to follow God. So what are you all trying to do? What is the purpose of the Unification Church? "To follow God." For God, you can abandon the path of the sage, abandon your nation, abandon your family, abandon your parents, and it is okay to abandon everything, right? "Yes." Then, to whom do you belong? "To God."

So while you are following God, what does that God look like? When you leave your parents, you miss them, right? You miss the church you used to attend, right? You miss your country, right? You miss everything, right? "No." (Laughter) You miss England too, don't you? (Laughter) You should have that kind of heart. It is not bad to have such a heart. Do you dislike being filial to your parents and loyal to your country? You do not dislike it, but you choose this path. Why? Because this path is faster. It is fast. It is a path that allows you to leap forward even once, so you must understand that you should choose this path. Do you understand what I mean?

You, members of the Unification Church, do all your parents oppose you? There is a Parents' Opposition Association, right? There has never been such a parents' association in history. Such an association was formed because of the emergence of Reverend Moon. Has there ever been a historical event where parents kidnapped their sons and daughters? There have been instances where enemies kidnapped them, right? (Laughter) Such things are happening here.

Just because you are being kidnapped, does that make me a bad person? Is Reverend Moon an evil person? Do I teach you bad things? "No." Even if your parents criticize you and your country criticizes you, you know very well that you will say, 'I will go.' Therefore, you must succeed, right? Should you succeed or not?

Even if your parents oppose you, your siblings oppose you, your country opposes you, and even if the world opposes you, should you succeed or not? "You should succeed." Think about it. Do you want to be a loser or a winner? "You should be a winner."

So, what are you trying to do by holding onto God? You must serve God in place of your parents; you need to understand that. Do you understand? Then, you must serve God in place of the king of your nation. Next, you must serve God in place of all the sages. Therefore, in the family, we need Father God, in the nation, we need Father God, in the world, we need Father God, and in the entire universe, we need Father God. We must have this ideology. Do you understand? "Yes." So, in our family, we listen to the commands of God and the commands of our father, and we go that way. That is why the path of the filial son, the path of the loyal subject, and the path of the sage all become one when they follow God. Do you understand? If I were to die in a corner of America or England, because I served Father God in my family, God will take me to heaven through my nation and the world. That is the kind of God He is. Do you understand what I mean? You must live for your country, you must live for the world, and you must always live for God.

We, called to leave eternal, unchanging, unique love
So, who exactly is Reverend Moon? The title of today’s message is 'We Who Are Called,' but why was Reverend Moon called? What is the calling that Reverend Moon received? It is Reverend Moon's responsibility to teach what God the Father wants to teach about how to act in the family, how to act in the nation, how to act in the world, and how to act in heaven and earth. Do you understand what I mean?

Therefore, even if you dislike it, you cannot not follow. There are blacks, whites, yellows, and all races, and if you are human, you are standing on the same fate… That is why the Unification Church is destined to develop globally. Reverend Moon cannot help but become known worldwide. Do you understand?

Then why did I call you? What is the purpose of calling you? When heaven chooses Reverend Moon, he is not born as just a person from Korea. He is born centered on the world. You are the same. Thus, you are forming a father-son relationship with Reverend Moon. Do you understand what I mean? God has no substance. God has no body. Can you hear God telling you to do this or that? You cannot, right? Therefore, through the antenna of the teacher, everything is taught. It is taught through broadcasting. Do you understand?

So, what should you and I leave here? What are you trying to leave with me? We must leave unchanging love, unique love, and eternal love. We must leave love. Do you understand? You must leave eternal love, unchanging love, and unique love in society. We must establish such a love relationship with God and many people.

Is true love good or bad? "It is good." It is good, but is that good the path of suffering or the path of enjoyment? "It is the path of suffering." The path of true love is one that tastes bitterness first and then sweetness. You must understand that. Do you understand what I mean? The love of the world seeks good things first and then comes the suffering. It is the opposite. The love of the world says it is good, but then suffering comes, while heavenly love comes with suffering first and good things come later. I want to teach you true love and make you the owners of true love… Therefore, we who are called must understand that our mission is to leave such unchanging, unique, and eternal love in this changing world, in a world without love, in a temporary and destructive world. Do you understand? "Yes." Amen. "Amen."

So what happens? You become the sons and daughters of God. Do you understand? The sons and daughters of God are sons and daughters who represent heaven and earth, who will be loved the most. That is the purpose. It is not to be ordinary sons and daughters who cause trouble for their parents, but to become the most beloved sons and daughters. Do you understand? "Yes." If Reverend Moon is like that, even if I were in prison, God must come to visit me because I am His beloved son. I will make God follow me. Do you understand?

Now, if you just listen to Reverend Moon's words, it will definitely happen. Do you understand? Why does God love? Because He does so, because He substitutes for what God must do… Who wants to become such a person? Raise your hand. Hmm! You have a lot of desires… (Laughter) You must do the work first. You must do it first; it cannot just be done without action. Do you understand?

You must be able to go anywhere by following God.
To conclude, being a loyal subject for the nation is more valuable than being filial to your parents at home, and going the way of a global sage is more valuable than being a loyal subject for your nation. You must understand that going anywhere in the world, transcending your nation and the world, and all races to live for God, and even in the spiritual world, is the more glorious path. However, you are unable to go that path. You must say that you will follow God even if you have to give all your love and life. Therefore, if you say, "Hey, go to Cape Town in Africa," everyone will go there. You abandon your nation, you abandon Asia, and you go. If you say, "Go to Moscow for the will of God," you go to Moscow. Is that right? Do you all agree? "Yes." In this satanic world, that is considered madness.

You have abandoned everything, including your wives, and you are living like that. This is a group of migratory birds like humans. (Laughter) Do you like that? "Yes." So what are we trying to do? We are going to give birth to a greater love, and as we fly, we will not just fly in America or around the world, but we can create heaven on earth. That is what I mean. The teacher dances just because he likes it…

Everyone, don’t you want to dance globally? Imagine all the TVs set up, all the satellites set up, and the teacher dancing, and people from around the world dancing. Wouldn’t that be a wonderful day? "Yes." If Reverend Moon cannot dance at that time, when I dance like this, this is the future dance of the Unification Church. (Pretending to dance while speaking) This is the future dance. (Laughter, applause) No matter how much you seek happiness, if you leave out love… That is the dance of love, the dance of love.

When people see members of the Unification Church, they say, "Oh! I don’t even want to see their faces. I don’t want to see them squatting there." But when will they stand up and dance? People say that. Do you understand? "Yes." You should enter with a good feeling and leave with a good feeling, and even when you go out on the street, you should walk around with love as if you are dancing. Therefore, the smile face of Unification Church members should be able to melt people’s hearts. That is true. They say it melts people’s hearts, right? The ones causing problems are those people. (Applause) Why do they do such things? It is to leave this love. Do you understand?

Let’s become bold sons and daughters called by God.
You guys, how many husbands do you want to get? (Laughter) "One." One? Why? Why do you only want one? Because love does not change. What if your husband becomes a servant three days after you get married? You should think, "Heaven made my husband like this to give the world the fragrance of true couples and true fruits that have never existed in history, so that I can boast about how I became a virtuous wife among many men." You should love that husband and serve him like your parents, like God, and then you will go to the highest place in heaven. If it were a train, it would be an express train. That is the thought of the Unification Church. Do you like that thought? "Yes." So, even if your husband becomes like that three days later, you will absolutely not want to marry someone else, right? Raise your hand if you won’t go. Oh, wonderful! (Laughter) What about the men? Raise your hands if you are like that. Wow, wonderful! (Laughter) We are destined to live like that. We have already decided to live like that. Looking at heaven and earth, it is set that way, so we cannot help it. This is the wisest decision.

Thus, we are trained here, and then we must not just live here but go home and educate our parents and our relatives. Do you understand? After graduating from school, you cannot just abandon your parents. You must create a parent. You must do the same with your siblings. It is a problem if you cannot hold on until then, right? Therefore, students look like crazy people. What are you trying to do?

Are you Italian? "Portuguese." Do you have a country? "The world is my country." That is a secular answer, and the answer is 'heavenly country.' (Laughter, applause) Did you understand? Now you understand clearly? Our mission, having received God’s calling, is to create a nation of love, a world of love, and a heavenly kingdom of love. We must create a nation of love. We must create a world of love. We must create one nation. Is love two? In the world of love, is there a black country, a white country, a yellow country? It is one. That is why we marry in that way.

Raise your hand if you got married this time. Raise your hand if your husband is not from your country. Is that okay? "Yes." Is it okay if the bride is British and the groom cannot speak English? Is it okay if you talk through an interpreter? "Yes." Why is that? Because love is better than words, love is better than bodies, and love is better than life itself. History, tradition, and culture are unnecessary because love brings everything to life. So, are you happy? "Yes." How happy are you? Are you happy enough to be completely surrounded?

So, knowing this, I hope you will once again pledge to become bold sons and daughters called by God, and I will conclude my remarks. Let’s raise our hands and pledge. Thank you very much. (Applause)

The era of repentance
We know that about 2,000 years ago, Jesus came to this earth and warned the first Israelite people, saying, "Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is near."

Repentance is necessary for fallen humans to settle their sins.
The word repentance is unnecessary for those who have not done wrong or committed sins. Until now, religions have dealt with personal repentance, and especially Christianity has focused on individual repentance. However, we can see that there has been little emphasis on repentance concerning society or nations. But when we look at Jesus and the prophets, we can see that they focused more on making the nation and society repent than on their own repentance.

You see, the Christian thought is that without receiving the Holy Spirit, one cannot be saved. This is the mainstream thought of Christianity. Why is the Holy Spirit needed, or why must it come to establish a relationship with the Savior to return to God? Ultimately, it is to lead us to heaven, to lead us to heaven, to lead us to the good God.

So, what must we do to achieve that? We cannot avoid repentance. We cannot avoid repentance. The first task is repentance. To release someone who has sinned from prison, the sin must be settled. Just as one cannot escape from prison without establishing the condition that the sin has been settled through any means, this is the position that humanity is in today.

In that situation, the past is unnecessary. No matter how great the past is, if one is caught in the law and goes to prison, they must be dealt with according to that law. No matter how strong one’s foundation is nationally or globally in the present, if one is caught, that current foundation cannot exert its power. Also, no matter how promising the future is, if one is caught by the law, only after going through legal consequences can there be a past, a present, and a future. Otherwise, this cannot be established. You must understand that ultimately, how one settles their sins is a prerequisite issue, a prerequisite issue. Do you think so?

From that perspective, what law are we humans caught in? We have violated the laws of the heavenly kingdom, the laws of the ideal world. Do you understand? Humans have violated the laws that must not be broken in the ideal world. They have violated the laws that must not be broken in the heavenly kingdom. What is that?
You have shattered the ideal of creation and the ideal of love. These are the two issues at hand. Without these, neither the Kingdom of Heaven nor the ideal world can be formed. 

To repent, one must shed tears and feel pain like an offering. Until now, humans and religious people have thought that humans have sinned and fallen, but they did not know what it was. Therefore, in Christianity, people believe that if they just give offerings, they will be repenting, but that is not enough. They think that by helping a little, by being a fence, everything will be resolved, but it does not work that way. 

Now, you are the same. You know well that a child who has wronged their parents must shed tears to be forgiven for that wrongdoing. There must be tears involved. If someone has sinned, they are punished in any country. They are beaten with a stick. There must be such punishment... What is punishment? It is to strike, to inflict pain, to cause suffering. That is what it is. 

Therefore, if someone wants to repent, they must shed tears. To shed tears, they must feel a lot of pain. They must feel more pain than just being beaten for their wrongdoing, for their sins; without feeling that pain, there can be no path to repentance. Do you understand what I mean? 

So, in our biblical history, it is a principle that when offering sacrifices, a lamb must be killed, and blood must be shed. To shed blood means to shed tears and blood, in fact. Tears, mucus, everything must flow. When offering sacrifices, everyone must cry. They must cry. They must be able to shed tears along with the offering and feel the pain together. 

When offering sacrifices, nowadays, if you look at Catholicism, there are many formalities and things that are emphasized... but that is all unnecessary. It is all unnecessary. There must be wailing, and while feeling pain, one must shed tears and be grateful that the blood-shedding offering sacrificed for them, that it died for them, and they must have hope, knowing that God has allowed it to be offered to forgive their sins. 

Now, that sacrificial foundation, that foundation like a sacrifice... Jesus is the offering, the sacrifice. He is the offering for humanity. What is different about Jesus compared to a lamb? The lamb knows nothing. What makes Jesus different from the lamb is that He knows how to feel human suffering. He is one who knows pain. He knows how terrifying it is to have sinned. He knows what has happened to humanity, how the fall occurred, how miserable the fallen state is, and what the consequences are... He knows the past well, the present well, and the future well. 

The Old Testament and the New Testament are different. What is different between the Old Testament and the New Testament? The position of the offering is the same, but in the Old Testament, no one knew. Neither the people nor the lamb knew, but in the New Testament, people did not know, but the lamb, Jesus, the offering, knew. 

So, Jesus died for us, but how did He die? He said, "You go your way; follow the path I take." His path is originally your path. He came to walk your path instead of you, to teach you the way you should go. But people do not understand that. Because ordinary people do not know, Jesus died to teach them. 

The path to the Kingdom of Heaven is the path of sacrifice and love. 

So what is the path that Jesus walks? Is it a path of fighting? Is it a path of boasting strength? No, it is not. Is it a path of boasting knowledge? It is not a path to seek knowledge. It is not a path for money. So what is the path Jesus must take? It is the path to the Kingdom of Heaven. The title is the path to the Kingdom of Heaven. How do we go to the Kingdom of Heaven? It is not a path of fighting, of having money, of having power, of having knowledge. 

It is the path of sacrifice and establishing love. There is no other way. 

So why is Jesus called a sacrifice? The reason Jesus sacrificed, became the offering, was to lay the foundation for the Kingdom of Heaven, to establish God's love. Is that not so? Why is that? Therefore, Jesus said, "You also go the way I have gone." He said to walk the path I walk. He showed that. And to go to the Kingdom of Heaven, it is the path of love... 

Why must there be sacrifice? Why must there be? It would be nice if it could just be done. Why do such stubborn things? Why do such opposing things? It is because of sin. It is because the law was broken. Because the ideal world, the Kingdom of Heaven, was shattered, and the ideal love was shattered, to go there, one must do something to re-establish it. Do you understand what I mean? 

Why did the Messiah Jesus come? Why did He come? To find what was lost, to find what was lost. He came to restore what humanity had lost. What did humanity lose? They lost the Kingdom of Heaven and love. But to find this, sacrifice is necessary. Sacrifice must be made. One must offer the gift of sacrifice. There is a condition that one must sacrifice. Do you understand? Why must there be sacrifice? To liberate, to forgive the sinner... 

Now, when we meet the Messiah, when we, the sinners, meet Jesus, do we say, "Oh, Jesus has come!"? How does it go? Does the person who has shattered the ideal world of God and shattered God's love come before the one who brings back the Kingdom of God and love and say, "Ah! This is good"? Is it so? Jesus brought the Kingdom of Heaven and God's love, but those who betrayed that Kingdom and that love welcome it? "It cannot be." 

Then what must be done? Should we look at the bread and say, "Oh, how long I have waited for you, you have come well!"? Should we do that? Should we be brazen, or should we bow our heads and act like sinners? When that person comes, we must be afraid because we have betrayed that love and shattered everything of that Kingdom. When that person comes, we must have a heart that feels deep regret and anger for the sins of the past. 

What is the fall? It is like abandoning a married, beloved husband and going to another house. It is abandoning the ideal of the husband, the family, the husband himself, and love, and running away. It is like running away to another house and then returning to that home. When Jesus is in that position, when one tries to return from a miserable place, will they say, "Oh, what about you, I have been..."? What do you think they would do? Think about it. Would they say, "What can I do for you? Please do for me"? They should say they have committed a grave sin, that they have done wrong. Tears must come first. Tears must come first. 

From the moment of meeting that person, tears must come first. Without tears, repentance cannot be established. Also, why must this be? Because when Adam and Eve fell, they fell while shedding tears. Just as they felt the dark world, the hellish state, I must feel as if I have fallen into hell. Even while feeling dark, it is not just darkness; hope must emerge. 

Then, when that Jesus, the husband, is mistreating or kicking or despising, should we gladly accept it, saying, "That husband"? What should we do? Should we grab it when it touches us, or should we hold on and cry while being pushed away? What should we do? Should we complain or be grateful? "I must be punished, kill me!" That is what it should be. 

Now, this is not just a relationship between two people, Jesus and me. Everyone sees that. All the ancestors of the angelic world see it, the angels see it, the saints see it, and even God looks down, and Satan looks down and says, "They are playing well." Think about it. Do you understand? Even if they see a little, they say, "Hey, Jesus, why do you look at personal matters? They all slander." It must be dealt with publicly, it must be dealt with publicly. 

So, if one is to be killed, they must be like a lamb. A lamb bleats and dies when its neck is cut, does it say, "You bastard"? Do you understand? Be like a lamb, like a lamb. Even if blood is shed, say, "That is right." Do you understand what I mean? 

In the Old Testament, the lamb was sacrificed without knowing anything, but in the New Testament, Jesus, in the position of a lamb, said, "I sacrificed for you." "I died for you, so you should die for me!" That is what He said. Shouldn't it be that way? This is the orthodox thought of Christianity. 

But now, look at how far Christianity has gone astray. What will happen because Jesus died? "Just as I died for you, you should die for me," that is what He taught. He taught the way to die. He taught the way to die and be resurrected. That is the purpose of Jesus coming to this earth. It is the highest principle. One must be resurrected to go to the Kingdom of Heaven. Do you understand what I mean? 

Then how should you be? You must all repent to Jesus and die like Jesus. After dying, you must be revived in the place of death, and just as Jesus ascended, you too must ascend. Do you understand? You must leave behind sons and daughters. You must create disciples who can say, "If you want to kill Jesus, kill me first," instead of being like the disciples who sold Jesus. Only then can the Kingdom of Heaven be established on earth. 

Now, if the twelve disciples had died before Jesus, and then Jesus died last, what would have happened? When God resurrected, would He have just resurrected Jesus and left the disciples? Think about it. Would He have resurrected them or not? Would He have resurrected the disciples or not? He would have resurrected the disciples first before resurrecting Jesus... That is what God would do. Do you understand? Yes. Then what would have happened? When Jesus ascended, would the disciples have tried to ascend too or not? 

Then, what would they do? They would have to leave the earth and come back. If they went like that, there would be no need to go. Do you understand? What that means is that after Jesus ascended, they could remain on earth. At that time, the resurrection of humanity would have been determined along with Jesus' resurrection. Do you understand what I mean? Just like in the old Eden, God could freely intervene in the human world, such authority would have opened up. 

So why did Jesus go alone? He went alone because there was no one who could die with Him, no one who could be resurrected with Him. If all of Israel had died like Jesus, Israel would have been resurrected. If all of Israel had become one, a horizontal, global movement that could conquer the world would have immediately unfolded. Then Christianity would not have been a blood-shedding religion. It would not have been a blood-shedding religion. It would have ended with the age of Jesus. 

Now, after Jesus resurrected alone, the disciples must die to enter into Jesus' realm. They must die by the Roman spear. Only then do they establish a relationship with Jesus. Do you understand? They must shed personal blood, and shed family, tribal, national blood, and go to Rome... For four hundred years, Christianity shed blood. Why did God remain silent while Christianity shed blood in Rome for four hundred years? What is God? That is a riddle. Do you understand? To follow the path Jesus took is not possible. Do you understand? Such traditions of Christianity, such things are God's traditions, but to go like this, it must completely perish, it must perish. It must be smashed and disappear from the earth. You must understand that. Do you understand what I mean? Yes. That is the tradition of Christianity. 

We must walk the path of praying for our enemies even while dying. 

Now, what was the purpose of the Christians who shed blood for four hundred years in the Roman era? To save the world, for the world... During that time, what kind of prayers did the persecuted Christians in the Roman era pray? They prayed like this. "God, please avenge our enemies." They prayed for vengeance. Many people prayed like this. "Please destroy this Roman Empire." They all prayed like this. And they all died. They died with the heart of saying, "Please quickly repay all our enemies." 

Did Jesus say, "God, please destroy the Roman Empire!"? No. Did He say, "God, forgive them, for they do not know their sins"? Do you understand? Yes. Even if they prayed for vengeance and died, they could never go to Jesus. They would go to hell. You must understand that. It is the same as those who did not believe in Jesus. Do you understand what I mean? Yes. 

So what is the Unification Church? What is the Unification Church? It is a place trying to revive the failing Christianity. It is a place trying to revive the failing Christianity to ensure that Jesus, who had to fail, does not become a pitiful Jesus. It is to create a hopeful Jesus, a victorious Jesus, a hopeful Jesus, even though Jesus was a Jesus of despair, a Jesus of failure, and a Jesus of misery. The Jesus who should not have died died. 

Until now, when God looked at Christianity, He was in despair, and when Jesus looked at Christianity, He was in despair. But when God looks at the Unification Church, He has hope, and Jesus has hope. Is that so? Yes. Are you in that position? Yes.
Is there a heart that seeks the ideal nation of God? Is there a heart that says, "This is how it should be"? "Yes." Is there a heart that says, "No matter what sacrifice I make, even if I die, I will complete it through love"? "Yes." That's all you need, just that.

Just as Jesus prayed for his enemies while dying on the cross to find the love that could restore the ideal of creation, which was shattered by humanity's ancestors, do you also have that heart? "Yes." First of all, do you think you will sacrifice for this purpose, for this content? "Yes." Everyone, is that really true? "Yes." Raise your hands if you are saying 'yes.' Then I understand. That's good. Let it be. If it means cutting off your neck and dying, would you die for the sake of the heavens and the earth? "Yes."

Now, when it comes to sacrificing a sheep, would it be okay for a non-white priest to cut the neck of a white sheep? "Yes." Would you think, "Oh, I wish I could die at the hands of a white priest"? Would you think that, or not? (Laughter) Would you think that while dying, or not? "I wouldn't." Well, it's easy to think that way. It can happen. What about then? It can happen, right?

That's why our Unification Church... When I say I will make a person from Africa, a country where the British sold drugs, the leader of the British, would the British say, "Oh, we don't want that leader. Please give us a white one"? Would they say that, or not? All Englishmen would say that. It's absolute obedience. If I say to do this, can you say 'yes'? If I say to do that, can you say 'yes'? "Yes." Think again and answer. How is it? "Yes!" The problem is serious. If you are going to die anyway, you should think that dying at the hands of a black person is more valuable for humanity than dying at the hands of a white person. Do you understand?

You must become an heir who will liberate even hell through death.

Now, who killed Jesus? Who killed Jesus? "The Romans." It was Barabbas, right? You need to understand that Barabbas killed Jesus. Do you understand? Barabbas should have died, but they saved Barabbas and instead, Jesus died. You need to understand that Barabbas was a condemned prisoner, a death row inmate. He was killed by a death row inmate. Do you understand what that means? You need to understand that the Roman soldiers did that job. Do you understand? "Yes."

So what would you do? If the worst criminal in Africa were to cut your neck, what would you do? What would you do? Would you be thankful? How about it? Would you still want to be thankful? "Yes." Can you do that? You are not confident, right? You need to think about that, think about it. How miserable was Jesus? How poorly was he treated that he came as the Son of God... He was swapped with Barabbas and died. Isn't that right? Would you still be thankful and want to die for the cause, just like Jesus? "Yes." Then what value does that have? What value does that have? Let's liberate even hell. We want to liberate even hell. Do you understand what I mean?

The Unification Church thinks it must become such an heir. This is Reverend Moon's thought, God's thought, and Jesus' thought. So how do you think Reverend Moon thought? Did he think of living well on this earth, or did he think of dying? That's the path Reverend Moon of the Unification Church is taking. If not, you must understand that the Unification Church cannot survive. It concludes that it has nothing to do with God's will.

Therefore, it is only by dying and coming back to life that one can then participate and accompany God. Do you understand what I mean?

That's why the Unification Church is rejected. It is rejected without sin. Individuals oppose, families oppose, tribes oppose, nations oppose, the world opposes, and everyone wants to kill. They all want to kill Reverend Moon. And then they pass over it. They are overcoming one hurdle. That's how it is now. The whole world, even the United States... The United States is the same, Japan is the same, Korea is the same, and the most hated person is Reverend Moon. They want to kill him. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

At that time, did Reverend Moon say, "You bastard," and hit back, fighting and biting? Just as Jesus endured for 30 years, Reverend Moon must also endure for 30 years. Just as Jesus endured for 33 years, Reverend Moon must go that way too. Jesus, after enduring for 30 years, struck against Judaism, right? He cursed the Jewish nation, saying they would be punished and perish. Isn't that right? In the same way, Reverend Moon must say that Christianity will perish, America will perish, and the free world will perish...

Now, just as the Jews followed Jesus back then, Christians are now following Reverend Moon. That's why they want to kill him. Do you understand? But the teacher should not say, "May America perish. May the free world perish." Such curses should not be uttered. "While repaying enemies, let them perish..." All such prayers should not be made.

And then, all of that must pass over a great hurdle. We must overcome a global hurdle. This is how it goes up. This is until September 18, 1976. (While writing on the board) Do you understand what I mean? This is the boundary up to the Washington Conference. Did those who went out as missionaries come back? I sent them all out as missionaries. I chased them away to walk the path of death. Go for three years, go for three years! They were sent to hold onto that country, shedding tears, dying in their place, being beaten in their place, and being insulted. They were sent to be dragged into prison, to be insulted, to be ignored by communists and mainstream Christians. They faced opposition from Christianity and communism.

Now, the missionary groups came here. When you were mobbed, did you pray, "May this country perish. May communism perish," or did you pray, "Please forgive their sins"? I told you not to think of returning within three years. I commanded you not to return even if you die.

Sacrifice for the ideal world and the love of justice.

From this point on, after 1976, if you oppose Reverend Moon, you can leave America and go anywhere. There is an environment where you can go anywhere. That's why it is a historical era. Do you understand? You don't need to die for America. Jesus died for the sake of Israel, but you don't need to die like that. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Because Jesus could not establish a national indemnity, he could not cross over to the world, but I can establish a global indemnity condition and go freely.

You must lay this foundation, a global foundation. Right now, is this going down? Are we entering a period of decline or a period of ascent? "A period of decline." But what happened is that Unification Church members are dying and just getting beaten... However, now the time has changed. The time has changed. The laws they established, the laws they used to oppose the Unification Church and persecute religious people, they must live according to those laws. The time has come for that. It will change. Do you think I will fall into the laws they made? Do you understand what I mean?

Now we must establish the law of justice in the Unification Church. Then we must establish a person of justice. After that, we must establish the love of justice. The love of justice must be established. They will be governed by the laws they made to oppress religious people and oppose the Unification Church. They must follow those laws. If they do not follow them, they will be attacked. That is why the attack on the Fraser Committee was in 1976, and the trials in England are all happening now. In the past, what was a trial? There was no way to bring charges. We forgave and loved.

In the future, when a nation goes wrong, it must be governed through the laws of that nation; when a church goes wrong, it must be governed through the laws of that church; when an ideology goes wrong, it must be governed through that ideology. Do you understand what I mean? In the future, all will be Anglican, Roman Catholic... Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Instead, you must sacrifice for the ideal world, for love. That is the law. What is the law of the heavenly kingdom? The ideal world is that law, and ideal love is that law. Do you understand?

So you must sacrifice everything with such ideals and love. You must live by sacrificing. Do you understand? The ideal world, love, and sacrifice—these three are the Christian thoughts. These are the traditional thoughts established by Jesus. When you do all of that, you can become a judge. Do you understand what I mean? At that time, you will be attacked by Satan and the kingdom of Satan combined. You must endure. Endure and win. This is the current task of our Unification Church.

You must fulfill your responsibilities to the nation and the world to be able to go freely into the world.

Even if a British person does wrong, they curse Reverend Moon; if a French person does wrong, they curse Reverend Moon; if an Italian does wrong, they curse Reverend Moon; if a German does wrong, they curse Reverend Moon; if a Japanese person does wrong, they curse Reverend Moon. Isn't that right? Is that true or not? "Yes." Even though a person who Reverend Moon does not know and has not seen did wrong, Reverend Moon gets cursed. They all blame Reverend Moon. Do you understand?

What that means is that because of Reverend Moon, all countries in the world can connect. Even if they oppose, they can become one. Satan knows everything. That’s why Satan opposes and blames. Do you understand what I mean? Do you know how much I have endured to cross this boundary? I am a person with a fiery personality. I am someone who cannot tolerate injustice. Do you understand?

So then, what kind of path are the members of the Unification Church taking? What work do you have to do while eating and sleeping? Did you make Reverend Moon suffer, or not? When you go to America, all the American youth follow along. They could have just charmed their parents, but they are all stubborn, unable to cut off their parents or siblings, and just want to follow Reverend Moon, so they end up getting cursed. How angry do you think they are that they come to kidnap their sons and daughters? Have you ever heard of such a thing in history? Have you ever heard of parents kidnapping their children? (Laughter) That is the last kidnapping, the final one.

So how much do those parents want to kill Reverend Moon? How much do they want to kill him? Even when they pray every day, they pray for him to die. Think about how much they want to kill him. They can all think of murdering him in their hearts. Do you understand? "Yes." Why is that? Why, why is that? Because if Satan leaves Reverend Moon alone, he will perish...

Look. This time, in the U.S. Congress or the State Department, the Justice Department, everywhere, they are all saying to cut off Reverend Moon's head. They are trying to completely eliminate the Unification Church. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Now it is September, and everything will end this month. Once it becomes the 12th of this month, you see, he will not die sitting down. He will not die sitting down. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." That is the fight we are having.

Now, for me, I have crossed this hurdle, but you have not yet crossed it. You must understand this. You must know that there are still stages left. Why am I saying this? You Unification Church members, even those who have just joined, are saying they will do everything the teacher does, just as the teacher does. When I go to Korea, they all want to follow me to Korea. When I go to America, they want to go to America. They are all doing that, do you understand what I mean?

You have a responsibility to your own nation. You must fulfill your responsibilities to your nation before you can go to the world. I have fulfilled my responsibilities to my nation and the world, and that is why I can go freely into the world. I want that. When I fly on a plane, when I fly on the Concorde, they say, "Since the teacher is flying on the Concorde, I should also fly on the Concorde." That’s how it is. (Laughter) Also, when I come to England from America, within a week, they say, "Oh, since the teacher is in England, I must go meet him." There are those who come to meet the teacher personally, but I do not meet them. I do not meet them. Is that true or not? "Yes."

Recently, when I took all the foreign members to Harrods to buy suits, they said, "I should also get a suit." (Laughter) When I take guests to a Chinese restaurant, they say, "Oh, take me to a Chinese restaurant too. I must go, I must go." They say that. (Laughter) To reach that point, the teacher has endured for his entire life, until the age of 60. You must understand that the teacher has endured throughout his life. Now that I spend money well, they say, "Oh, we should also spend money." Do you know how much money I earned to spend that money? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Repent of historical sins and shed tears to save the world.

What must you do when you come in now? What must you do when you come in? You must repent, repent. After repenting, you must sacrifice, and then you must love with ideals and love, and you must be insulted not only by this country but also by people from seven or eight countries. That is where it all begins. You must endure and overcome persecution from the nation in the personal era, the family era, the tribal era, the national era. Only then can you leave that nation, and that is how it is.

Everyone, do you remember your thoughts of repentance? Repentance? Have you repented? "Yes." How have you done it? Are you shedding tears to repent for your own sins, to make your ancestors repent? Are you shedding tears to save your nation and the world? There are two types of tears. You must shed tears to save and to repent. You must shed both types of tears. Only then can the right of repentance be opened.

Have you repented? "No." Then you are in the process of repenting? "Yes." If you cannot even repent, how can you help anyone? If you have not received recognition for your repentance, how can you save anyone? How can you save anyone without being forgiven for your sins? Can you become a judge to judge sins without being forgiven? Have you ever felt like a sinner? Have you ever felt like a sinner? "Yes." You must know that. You must know that you bear the historical sins. You must understand that you bear the historical sins committed in the past. After that, you must understand that you bear the global present sins. After that, you must know that you must be responsible for future sins as well. You must know that you bear the three generations of sins. This is the problem.

Now, if you have repented, you must know what level that repentance has reached. You must feel a pain as if your intestines are being cut. In this world...
Losing God all at once, the whole world becomes my enemy, and my family breaks apart, losing everyone I love the most, feeling that all my sons and daughters are shattered. In such a place, I must feel all the sins I've committed against God, the spirit world, and in this historical age. 

That's why, even if God strikes me with lightning, I should be grateful; even if people from around the world beat me mercilessly, I should be grateful; even if the spirit world tries to choke me to death, I should think, "Thank you." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." So even if I am pitifully thrown down and told, "I will crush you, you brat!"... to be forgiven, it cannot be done easily. If people from about 120 nations surround me with clubs and hit me one by one, if they forgive all my sins against this world, I should declare that I will be the first. 

While being beaten, instead of crying out of sadness, I should cry out of gratitude. It is a natural conclusion. I must shed tears of gratitude. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

That's why the world opposes Reverend Moon; the people of the world must oppose him. The world must do so. Did England oppose the Unification Church and Reverend Moon or not? They did oppose, right? When I say this, do you understand now? It is time to speak about it. We need to investigate further. When the day comes to investigate, both the nation and the world will raise their hands. Do you think that will happen? "Yes." 

Without gratefully receiving opposition and persecution, you cannot have evidence of repentance. You must think about this. What will be the evidence that I have repented? I was born as a descendant of those who drove Jesus away and killed him, so even if the people of the world oppose me, I must have the heart to gratefully accept it, or I will not have evidence of my repentance. Do you understand what I mean? God sees this, and whoever looks will say, "Ah, if he stops now, I will forgive him," and will feel compassion, and heaven and earth will feel compassion, and everyone will feel compassion. "Hey, isn't that too much?" Do you understand? When God begins to have a heart of compassion for you, your repentance will start to shine. Do you understand what I mean? 

So, when a white person who believes in the Unification Church goes to a black person's house in London, the black person says, "You white bastard! You took my brother and made him a slave in the past..." and pours out all the historical grievances onto the white Unification Church member. "You brat, you brat..." and he is forgiving. Even if a white person goes to a black person's house and is scolded for all the historical wrongs, he must be grateful. "Hey, you brat! You came here to melt what we used to eat in Africa?" Even if he is insulted like this, he must accept it as a matter of course. "You came to Africa and then came here to ruin someone else in London, you brat!" Even if he is scolded like this, have you ever thought, "If I accept this, there will be good news for me?" 

They throw me down and beat me. The local black people come and beat me. What will you do if you get beaten severely? The black people gather and... have you experienced that? Without that, you cannot have evidence of repentance. You cannot receive God's compassion. 

Now, in the end, even prisoners in jail are ignored. "Brat, brat..." Even the prisoners, they all demonstrate. So, the Unification Church teacher went to be scolded in jails. He went to be scolded in Japan. He went to be scolded in America. He came to be scolded in England, in fact. Knowing this, now England understands the time. When they see the opposition to Reverend Moon and the Unification Church, just a little while later, even if the Prime Minister invites me, I will not come. That time will come. Do you understand what I mean? That time will come; if it doesn't come, I will make that time happen. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

That's why, if you want to repent later, you must know that there is historical repentance remaining. Do you understand? "Yes." Since Reverend Moon cannot go to each country, go in place of Reverend Moon. The day you carry that burden, you will live, and if your family carries that burden, your family will live, and if your nation carries that burden, you will live. 

The greater the persecution, the greater the amount of repentance, thus a path to blessing is created. Do you understand what I mean? 

So what kind of time is it now? As I mentioned earlier, it is the age of repentance. The topic today is "The Age of Repentance." Do you understand? What does that mean? Does God prefer individual repentance, family repentance, national repentance, or world repentance? What do you think? He would prefer world repentance. When we look at it this way, what kind of religion is Christianity today? Does it have any thoughts of carrying out a repentance movement for the world? God desires that, but before God who wants that, there are no people who can do it. 

Those who are the most despised in heaven and earth, those who are pointed at and beaten and spat upon, when they become that group, will God say, "Hey, you brat!"? What will He do? Will God's eyes widen in surprise? Will He be astonished? Will He laugh? Will He be surprised? "Ah, even just facing opposition is frustrating, but you want to face even more opposition?" That's what it means. Then what will you do? Will you say "Yes"? "Yes." So, do you like difficult things? "Yes." Why? Because that way you will shed tears, and that way you will feel pain. That's why you say you like it. That place is the closest place where you can repent. 

In a place where nothing is done, rather than being praised... that's why you laugh. If you leave people alone safely, they won't think about anything. When you hit and pinch them, they will think, "Why are they pinching me?" Do you understand what I mean? That's why you must receive persecution. Do you understand? The greater the persecution, the greater the amount of repentance, and as a result, the path to the kingdom of heaven and the love of the kingdom of heaven expands, thus you must know that a path to blessing is created for you. Do you understand what I mean? 

God has allowed all of Christianity to be persecuted to lead to greater repentance and greater blessings, but Christianity has sold this. They sold it to the Unification Church. England has sold all the opportunities for repentance to the Unification Church, and the world has sold the opportunity for repentance to the Unification Church. You must understand this. We have bought it. Do you understand what I mean? 

The established church, Christianity, is not repenting for the world, but is persecuting us, thus selling the opportunity for repentance to us. The world's persecution means that they have sold the opportunity for repentance. They have placed all the blessings of those people on the line. The blessings of the world come through repentance, and since we are representing repentance, those blessings will be shared with the world through us. Do you understand? "Yes." 

If a woman from that house comes out and opposes, I would laugh. Even if ten times or a thousand times come out to oppose, I would want to laugh, but if just one comes out, it is not a problem. Do you understand what I mean? Now, let’s see a show of hands from those who have experienced opposition. Put your hands down. Now, let’s see a show of hands from those who have not experienced opposition. 

That guy kept his mouth shut and did nothing. This brat, that won't do. That person is a traitor to the Unification Church. You must be persecuted. So what is Reverend Moon's strategy? It is to drive you into the dens of persecution. Whether you are white or whatever... Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

Even if you are not treated well in the right place, if you repent, the kingdom of heaven will come to you. 

So, will you perish if you repent well? What will happen? Now, I am a British girl, born as a beauty in England, doing well in school, and in the eyes of the world, I could go after the best-looking man. But oh, after entering the Unification Church, my situation... Looking at my clothes, I am like this, and looking at my face, I have become so poor that I don't even want to look in the mirror. So, imagine going everywhere and being insulted, being scolded by whites, blacks, and Asians, being insulted all over London. 

Being insulted by whites, being insulted by Asians, and then going to a black house and getting chased out by a black person, shedding tears and wandering around. Imagine crying for about 10 years, 20 years, repenting like that. What will happen? The first person who opposed will say, "I was the first to oppose that, oh..." will they feel guilty? Will they feel guilty? That person is innocent and truly beautiful, but when they realize that they have a heart for the world and humanity, what will happen? Will the first person who opposed repent or not? "They will." 

Rather, if they live without opposition, smoothly talking about the principles of the Unification Church for ten years, do you think there will be someone to sympathize with them? Who will have more influence, the woman who has been silently crying for ten years while being opposed, or the person who has been harmonizing for ten years without facing opposition? Which one? "The first one." That is what anyone would say. Why? Because God sees, heaven knows, the earth knows, and all of creation knows. Do you understand? 

When you are walking down the street, do you have interest in someone who is laughing, "Ha ha ha," or someone who is crying, "Hoo hoo"? Which one do you have interest in? The one who is crying? If someone is filled with grievances and just cries out, "Waaah," all the passersby will come and ask why. Isn't that so? "Yes." 

So, if such a person becomes miserable in the right position, everyone will become their friend, right? Also, that miserable phenomenon of shedding tears and saying they will return to justice has the power to mobilize all those around them. You must understand that. So, even if you are in the right position, if you do not receive treatment and shed tears while praying for blessings and leave, the kingdom of heaven will come to you. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you think that will happen? 

Then, in this historical age, if young people from one country are made like that, if many countries gather young people and make them like that, will God say it was good or bad? What will God do? What will God do? If it is only the young people of England who are crying tears of repentance, while the young people of the world are gathered to cry tears of repentance for England and the world, which one will God prefer? Would He prefer just the young people of England doing that, or the young people of the world? If only the young people of England do it, any country can do it, but gathering the young people of the world to raise a movement of crying tears of repentance for England and the world is something that has never happened in this historical age. 

How many countries are represented here? Where did you all come from? You came from England, where else? "From all over the world." If you came from all over the world, why did you come? Did you come to lead a movement of repentance? Did you come to repent? What is it? First, what is it? Even if the people of the world oppose you, even if they kick you from the east and the west and say, "You brat! You brat!" you must say, "Ah, thank you. For the historical sins..." You must understand this. "What is this? This is a German, a Frenchman," how much will they despise you? How much will they oppose you? "Why did you come here instead of just sitting at home, you brat!" When you hear such words, will you feel energized or despair? What will it be? Will you feel happy or discouraged? "Happy." What is making you happy, you brats? Until now, what has made you happy? "Oh, will I be able to eat? I thought I came into the Unification Church for nothing." Is that right? 

"Hey, I went to ten houses today, and all ten opposed me, and I feel good. I can shed tears and repent, so thank you," and you come back with strength, your eyes bulging and your ears ringing, saying, "Oh, oh." What will happen? A person who is greatly opposed is like hanging a hook here. They are driving in the line of blessings from their ancestors, anchoring it down. It is opposition. You must carry that and come back feeling good. 

So when you go and God says, "Hey, you brat..." you will lose everything and think, "Oh, I am dead." In that case, you must kick Doris and Denis and throw them into the Thames. When that happens, all their blessings will become my blessings. That is not the church's blessings but my blessings. So, you will feel energized and return well, and is it better to be opposed in the church or not? "Hey, you worked hard. Oh, my daughter!" Which is better? Do you understand? "Yes." 

Looking around, repenting of everything, and being grateful for being despised, I then went to America. For three years, I turned America upside down and caused a commotion, so there was a big uproar. America is in an uproar because of Reverend Moon, but Reverend Moon feels good. I am not tired. The more it happens, the more I work. The more it happens, the more I work. If they do not welcome me, they should welcome my sons and daughters; they must welcome me. Now it is the era of one-on-one, but back then it was more than one-on-ten... Do you understand? 

That’s why Reverend Moon, even if he is despised now, even if it doesn’t happen for several generations, as the hundreds of generations go by, he will be caught in that proportion. That nation will inevitably become a vassal state. The nation will all bow before him. Do you understand? That’s why whether it is America or the whole world, the day will not be far off when they kneel before the brat. Do you understand? Until that day, the Unification Church must not tire. You must not tire. You must keep going. 

So, why is it the age of repentance now? It is not just the British people who are repenting. The French people, the Germans, and the enemies of the nation are all gathered together. The French people do this, and the British people do that... They are looking around, repenting, looking this way and that. Am I just looking at this? Am I just looking at this? What is it? "Looking at each other..." Yes, that's right. The tears of the Germans fall here, the tears of the British fall there, the tears of the French fall, and the tears of the Americans fall, but do these tears create a boundary that says, "You must not unite" or "You must unite"? What is it? (Laughter) "Your tears are the tears of the enemy."
This tear! It must be a tear like this, "Hey! That tear resembles my tear, 
it resembles it!" It must be a tear like this, right? (laughter) What is it? All your tears 
are like my tears, and my tears are like your tears. That's how it should be.

Now, when the people of enemy nations gather here in London to repent, will God look 
at them and say, "Hey, you didn't know your enemies back then"? Will He praise them 
saying, "Well done"? What about Satan? He will say, "Fight! Fight!" But God will say, 
"Hey, well done!" Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

So, what you are doing by attending the 360 homes is not just going out to evangelize, 
but to repent. I, as the prince of repentance... "For this neighborhood, I will do all 
the repenting, and after being mistreated and giving thanks, I will then repent for you. 
The reason I am being mistreated now is that I have not yet finished repenting, so think 
of it this way: you are mistreating me to help me repent."

If that happens, even if you are told to oppose, you won’t oppose. Do you understand? 
Then what happens next? They will follow. This is the principle. This is the principle. 
Do you understand what I mean? If there is an opposing environment, you must know that 
there is something you need to repent for. Do you understand? A person who knows this 
will be blessed whether it is this way or that way. Do you understand? Until now, when 
you faced opposition, you thought those people were bad, right? Think of it this way: 
the reason they oppose is that my repentance is not yet complete. The attacks from Satan 
are to bring you closer to the Kingdom of Heaven, to urge you to repent. That’s how he 
attacks. Do you understand what I mean?

So, you must shed tears on the streets. Think of the sins of your ancestors that remain 
with you, the sins of our race that remain today, and the fear of future sins, and 
realize that God is working hard for this. You must digest this with dignity. So, if 
you shed tears centered around the area you are responsible for, when God looks at the 
city of London, He will say, "This is where Reverend Moon passed through, and where 
such and such shed tears." When you go to the Kingdom of Heaven, it will all be recorded 
like a tape. It will be remembered before God. Do you understand what I mean?

When you leave this place, you must leave with tears, saying, "Ah! Leaving this place..." 
and shedding tears for those who opposed you, blessing them as you leave. You must wish 
them well and pray for their blessings. If you do not receive that blessing, it will be 
transferred to your country. Do you understand what I mean? That is the law... So, what 
Jesus taught was to "love your enemies." It is the act of sweating for your enemies. 
That is repentance. Do you understand? "Yes."

The world of ideals emerges where the fire of repentance does not go out.
Now that it's September, the teacher is saying he will leave this month. So, what do 
you want to leave behind? Repentance; we must go through the era of repentance. It must 
happen in England, and a movement must arise for all of Europe to repent, and if the 
world does this, the world will survive. Europe will survive, and England will survive. 
Are you tired? Are you not tired? "I am not tired." Are you tired or not? "I am not 
tired." Those who are not tired, raise your hands. Where? Put them down. Then I will 
make you tired. "Good." I will throw you into places of persecution tenfold, a hundredfold. 
Do you understand? Is that welcome? "Yes." Why? Why? Then you will have all the blessings 
of the world, and you will all receive the blessings that I have. Do you understand? 
Still, do you like me? Is it okay even if you are persecuted? "Yes." Those who love the 
teacher, raise your hands. Where? Put them down.

Then what will you do if I make your love a hundred times more difficult? If I kick you 
out, will you say, "Oh, Reverend Moon, goodbye"? "No." Why should Reverend Moon do that? 
Why do you have such an evil heart? Is that an evil heart or a good heart? That is because 
it is a way to receive blessings a hundred times more than I do. You might think, "Ah, 
I should have blessings from God, but if I give everything away, there will be nothing," 
but no, God is the Creator, and He can create blessings as much as He wants. God likes 
to create blessings, but He does not like to create evil. You must understand this. 
He likes to create love. He does not want evil hearts or evil love.

Even if you suffer persecution for God, if you endure it, God will surely give you blessings 
in proportion to that. That principle does not change. Do you understand? (The recording 
cuts off for a moment.) 

"I prayed, 'God, cast me out to the place of death!' Even in the place of death, I will 
not betray, even in the position of being the prince of betrayal, so cast me out there!" 
I prayed like this. As a result, Reverend Moon became globally famous. I never thought 
about becoming famous. I am someone who dislikes that.

Have you ever thought that you love me? You say you love the teacher, but I do not want 
you to love me. I do not play games like "Love me, love me!" If I make you suffer, how can 
you say you love me? Isn't that strange? But why do you love me without opposing me? 
This is the way to receive blessings, if you think about it. Do you understand? "Yes." 
As long as this goes on, the Unification Church will not perish; the world must bow down 
before the Unification Church, and the world cannot help but welcome the Unification Church. 
If they resist, they will be hit by Satan's direct hit. They will face God's punishment. 
Even if it takes Satan to do it, that will happen.

So we must understand that countless religions have entered the race of repentance, the 
race of repentance. What is the Unification Church doing? Reverend Moon is also trying to 
be first in the race of repentance. Now, if I speak for three days through all the televisions 
of the world, the world will cry out loud. I believe that time will come. Why? Because 
France and England opposed, they opposed an innocent person. Therefore, they must weep.

And when we say we will take responsibility for that difficulty and go to the world, the 
world will survive. Where the fire of repentance does not go out, sacrifice goes, and where 
sacrifice goes, love arises, and where love arises, the world of ideals emerges. You must 
understand this. Do you understand? So, stepping on heaven...

Even if Reverend Moon steps on England and goes to heaven, the British people will say, 
"Ah, please do it! Please do it!" Even if he steps on America and goes to heaven, America 
will say, "Please do it! Please do it!" And even if he steps on Japan and goes to heaven, 
Japan will say, "Please do it!" To make that happen, we must repent and shed tears. 
You must understand that Reverend Moon did this to repent for you and to save you. 
Do you understand? God will know the deep tears shed for America without you knowing. 
The same goes for England.

Now, who has complaints about the teacher? That is someone who does not know the teacher. 
These days, that Fraser committee... On September 10, there is a Senate election, and if 
Fraser fails in the Senate election, it will be a complete disaster. This Park Bo-hee came 
to me and reported, "Ah, teacher, Fraser's neck must fall." So I asked, "Did you pray for 
Fraser?" After shedding tears and praying for him, if you say such things, it will resonate. 
If you do not do that, God will not listen. There is a formula for everything. That is why 
we should not punish those who are destined to perish.

Because of that heart, history has not perished, and God has held on until now. If that 
had not been the case, everything would have perished. Do you understand what I mean? 
If the true heart is there, God will naturally resolve everything. So, you must share blessings 
with good people and also share blessings with evil people. 

What time is it now? "It is nine o'clock." Oh, time has gone by a lot. Now, look at all 
the historical things... Let’s briefly talk about how God is managing His providence now. 
What is the history of the past? It was about ruling with power. They tried to dominate the 
whole world with power. This was the world of Satan, after the fall. Do you understand?

Since the fall until now, the elements that Satan has used to dominate the world.
Who are the people who become kings in Buckingham Palace? Were they people without power? 
"People with power." That is why if you go to the British Museum, you will see many guns, 
swords, and armor. They tried to command the world with those. There was a time like that. 
So, England became a pirate of the five oceans and six continents, occupying everything with 
guns and swords. Right? England is the base of pirates in Europe. (laughter) Is that right? 
"Yes."

Why did England receive all these blessings, boasting about the five oceans and six continents? 
Because they did it in the name of Christianity, they did it under the banner of Christianity. 
Christianity did that, based on the Christian background. And they tried to hate even more 
evil beings based on Christian thought. At that time, if England had not centered on the 
Industrial Revolution and had no scientific or intellectual standards, England would have 
perished long ago.

If you look at it, nowadays, I went to that Oxford school, was it Oxford or Cambridge? 
"Cambridge." When I went to Cambridge, they boasted that they had tens of thousands of old 
classical books... So I quietly observed how many people were studying those, and there 
were none studying. Only guardians were there.

What does that say? After the era of power has passed, knowledge will dominate the world. 
We have entered the era of knowledge. So in America, those who study well rise to prominence 
and move the world, right? They thought about studying, studying, right? Then what comes next? 
What comes next? Nowadays, it is money, money. Money is more important than knowledge, money... 
They pay high salaries, but even scholars, like this scholar from France, work hard studying, 
but with low salaries, they are worse off than workers. What is the use of being a scholar? 
This is what is happening. The time has come when money dominates the world. Money is what 
dominates the world.

What does that mean? This is the world that Satan desires the most. This is the element 
that Satan uses to dominate this world. And knowledge is the same. As they learned worldly 
knowledge and science, they forgot all about God. They lost God, completely. Isn’t that so? 
Now, if philosophy is like the backbone of knowledge, then philosophy has become entirely 
atheistic, and even theology claims that God is dead. What does that mean?

Religion is like the head, but they think God is dead. They even say that God is dead. 
Isn’t that so? So, they say that human ancestors are monkeys, that monkeys are the ancestors, 
not God. There is no God, and it has become that monkeys are... God was the ancestor, but 
it has changed to monkeys being the ancestors. How far have they fallen? (laughter) How far 
have they fallen?

When God sees that, does He say, "Ha ha, this is good!"? So He wants to take a bat and 
smash that power, that knowledge, that material, right? He wants to smash it. So, people 
who believe in religion also get hit when they follow power, and those who follow material 
also get hit, and those who follow knowledge also get hit. They all get hit. It’s the same. 
They all get hit.

Do the British people care about the government? Do they care about the Communist Party? 
No. Do they care about the church? No. They have no interest in Jesus, and they have no 
interest in God. They have lost everything. They have no interest in anything; they have 
lost everything.

So, what do people demand? What do people demand? They demand power. What do people demand? 
They demand knowledge. What do people demand? They demand money. Why? Because that is the 
nature of fallen humanity. "Here, I will give you power; enjoy it. I will give you knowledge; 
enjoy it. Here, I will give you money; enjoy it." They have given it all. After giving it 
all, what happens? They do not become globalists; they become individualists, nationalists, 
and parochialists. They become parochialists, focusing on their own countries.

To break the chains of individualism and nationalism, the Unification Church's economic activities
So, we must break individualism and nationalism. This is because they are enemies of God. 
You must understand that this is the miserable phenomenon of the democratic world. You must 
know that this is what is being struck. Do you understand? The time is now. The time is 
to overcome individualism, nationalism, and parochialism. If power, knowledge, and all material 
were given, and that was globalism and equality among all people, then God would not strike. 
Globalism and brotherhood. Then it would not perish. It would not perish.

If England cannot do that, England will perish; if Christianity cannot do that, Christianity 
will perish; if the Unification Church cannot do that, the Unification Church must also perish. 
So, to avoid perishing, Reverend Moon says to earn money, to break individualism, to break 
nationalism, and to break parochialism.

So, our Unification Church is trying to give power to everyone. When you say, "You take 
responsibility," you see whether this person is trying to do it centered on themselves or 
centered on the whole. You see whether they are centered on individualism or nationalism. 
With a nationalist mindset, with a brotherhood mindset, they think they can develop all that 
power, wealth, knowledge, and the strength of principles and everything given to them. 
The teacher is the same. In the Unification Church, the teacher is the number one, right? 
He has power, right? He can do as he pleases. But when doing as he pleases, does he try to 
do it centered on Reverend Moon, or does he try to do it centered on the Korean people? 
Reverend Moon should not do it centered on Korea. If he tries to do it centered on the world, 
then that connects. At that time, it is the principle to exert the right power for the world. 
Do you understand what I mean? It will not perish.

As for the teacher, he has knowledge. The principles of the Unification Church are vast knowledge. 
It is vast knowledge. Today, even though he has knowledge that no one has thought of, he does 
not boast about it. That is the right of the world, the right that any person in the world has.
It is not that it was permitted only to the Korean people or only to the members of the Unification Church; it was permitted to all mankind. 

Also, if the teacher has money now, that money is not for me. It is not for Korea. Do you understand? At such times, does it not fail? No, it does not fail. It cannot fail. Then it is God's will and whatever else... Is that theory correct? From God's perspective, does that theory seem correct or not? It can only be that way.

That is why Reverend Moon is not foolish. Thinking like this and regarding the Unification Church... Therefore, what should those who enter the Unification Church do? They must all transcend individualism and nationalism. They must shed their shells. They should not think about knowledge centered on their individual selves, or all economic power centered on the individual. They must eliminate everything that is centered on themselves. To do that, they must cut away everything that is centered on the self. They must get rid of all appearances, prestige, and whatever else. Fundraising is the best method.

It is about money and individualism. They are all tied to money and individualism. The nation is also tied to its own nationalism, money, and nationalism. To help individuals escape from individualism, they must go to the bottom of that nation and take money and dedicate it all publicly. Will that break away or not? "It will break away." It means that all powers or knowledge centered on the individual, all material concepts centered on the individual, will break away. Therefore, this is the path that must be taken. This is the path of the Unification Church.

Now, the most frightening barbed wire is the barbed wire of individualism and nationalism. Economic activities are conducted to break this barbed wire of individualism. Do you understand? Even if you are scorned and cry out, you cannot avoid that path. Next, to break this nationalism, we engage in IOWC (International One World Corps) activities. Come from England, come from France, and love more than your own country. Love more than your own country. If we train just these three countries, everything will be resolved.

We aim to break the most frightening personal and national barbed wires that Satan has laid until now. As we break everything and try to go beyond it, God has hope for the Unification Church... A time will come in the near future when the world cannot help but have new hope for the Unification Church. It will come in the near future. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." England will break away. The nation of England will break away, knowledge will break away, and all material things will break away... Where will England go? Where will the world go? Where will it all go? If you hold onto the Unification Church, you will live. If you hold onto the Unification Church.

To break individualism and nationalism, we must sacrifice and love for the world. Now, because we must give every nation the right to participate in God's will and the common providential will, we have sent missionaries all over the world. Anyone, from any country, should welcome Reverend Moon. Do you understand? In a world where many countries oppose, if there is a country that declares, "We welcome Reverend Moon in our country," that country will become the center of the world. Do you know that? "Yes."

If you go to the British Museum, to the library, you will see books... We must smash everything that was once prosperous. America must do the same. Also, the youth must smash all the drug use. Are you disappointed? Are you in despair? How is it? "No." What are you doing? "Neither." How can you do neither?

Next, let us break individualism and nationalism. What will we use to overcome that? We will overcome it with sacrifice, centered on love and the ideal world. We will overcome it with love, and then with the ideal of the earthly paradise. The world goes out for the individual and for the nation, but we go out sacrificing for the whole, for the world. When we see it this way, to remain in this world, regardless of enemies or anyone else, we must welcome that attention. Do you understand? Isn't that right?

The teacher has been doing this work amid persecution until now, but you say you cannot do it even after the persecution has passed? Can you say you cannot do it? "No." Those who love only their individual selves and only their nation cannot go to heaven. To go to the heavenly kingdom, you must love God centered on the world and love humanity. You must know that Jesus is a globalist. You must know that he brought a global perspective. Do you understand? (The recording briefly cuts out.)

Should we do fundraising or not? "We should." Why, why? Because we must break individualism, this American individualism... Then, should we engage in the IOWC movement or not? "We should." Why, why, why? Because we must break nationalism. That is why Reverend Moon is going to find the foundation of the world, and you all are... Now we are moving toward the place where we can fight with an anchor and live with our burdens lifted. You must know that we have entered the era of great migration. Do you understand? "Yes."

You must treat one person as you would treat all of humanity with love and sincerity. You all live here in London, but for that place... At some point, through the dedication of one sincere person, the path for the nation to live opens up, and the path for the world to live opens up. Because of that, we treat one person as we would treat all of humanity with love and sincerity. That is our daily way of living. There is a way for the world to change overnight. That time is getting closer and closer. Do you know that? "Yes." The stronger communism is, the faster the Unification Church will appear. That is why the group that advances with hope in despair and sings in despair is the Unification Church.

The world will surely become that way. My sweat must flow for the world beyond my family and my nation, and my tears must flow for the world. I must repent for the world. Do you understand? That is why when you get married, where is England, where is Germany, where is France? There is none. Just because it is difficult, do you say, "I can't live, I can't live"? "Oh, I can't live, I can't live. How can I love a bride when I can't even communicate?" Do you say that? "No." Why "no"? Why? Because there is a path that must go toward the world, and we must go this path regardless...

To be principled, you see. White people must all marry Africans. Now that you are in Europe, you may do it among yourselves. It must be one hundred percent. It must be one hundred percent, so what will you do? What will you do? You must go that path. You must go that path. If the teacher were to marry without getting a mother, he would have married the blackest person. Otherwise, he would have married a white person. (Laughter) It must be that way, right? It must be right. If Reverend Moon says he doesn't like that and only wants others to do it, that is fake, fake. That is what it is.

When you all are mixed in marriage in the future, Reverend Moon's sons and daughters must do the same. That conclusion comes out. Because Korea has established conditions for indemnity, it must first deal with Korean people and then go through Japan, the United States, and Europe. Do you understand what that means? That is what I am thinking. If you are not thinking that way, Reverend Moon is fake. Do you understand what I mean?

Where are you from? Are you from England, or what country? You are citizens of the heavenly kingdom, citizens of the heavenly kingdom. Then what is our pride? It is to proclaim the ideal heavenly kingdom to the world, to love the world. To love, we must not mind sacrificing. All for the world... 

How many princes and princesses of repentance are there? Now, what time is it? It is the time to hold onto God and cry, and to hold onto humanity and cry. Do not hold onto the teacher and cry. Do you understand? You must understand this. "God, please entrust your burden to me. Please entrust to me your providence for the salvation of humanity. For that, I will gladly offer my tears and my life..." This is what you should pray. This is the final repentance that remains for you. You cannot go without doing this.

We must liberate God and liberate humanity. With the right hand, we must liberate God, and with the left hand, we must liberate humanity. Do you understand? "Yes." Did you capture the individual there, the family, the nation, or the world? That is the issue. This is your responsibility. Do you understand? For that, no matter what repentance there is, it must be sweet... Men must have the heart that they were born as princes of repentance responsible for this historical age. Do you understand? What about women? They must have the heart that they were born as princesses of repentance for this historical age.

That is why you must shed tears wherever you go, whether in England or anywhere else. And if you fail, then behead Reverend Moon. Such a Reverend Moon is a fraud, a fraud. Do you want to try it? Do you want to try it or not? "I will." So, we must repent for this age. Do you understand? "Yes." Here, men, what do you say? "Princes of repentance." Then this world will be liberated.

How many such people are there in England? That is England's pride. How many are there in Germany? That is pride, and how many are there in France? That is pride. That is pride. In the future, there will be nothing but that pride. It is not about military power, economic power, or academic degrees. The issue is how many such people there are. Korea boasts of having produced Reverend Moon. They say, "Oh, there is no one like Reverend Moon," and they boast. What about Reverend Moon? You are the same, the same. This alone, in the future, will be something to boast about that no one will envy, and no one will try to take away. Everyone will want to learn and will want to do that. Do you understand what I mean?

As a result, young people around the world are willing to die for Reverend Moon... That is really good. They are willing to do anything as long as I give the command. What great power they have! They are willing to do anything as long as I give the command. Isn't that right? "Yes." How powerful is that? How persuasive must it have been to make them that way? How much knowledge and ability must there have been? Even if I say, "Go earn money," they will endure hardships to the point of death, working hard for twelve months, for several years, and even if they come back with not a penny in their wallets, they do not complain...

How proud is that? So, parents must feel pain. (Laughter) What does that mean? It means they are closer than three years or ten years to their parents. It means they are closer to Reverend Moon. That is what it means. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." But it is not that I am living well with that money. With that money, I add my own money, the money I earned with my sweat and blood, and I try to use it all for the world; I absolutely do not try to live well for myself. Do you understand? "Yes."

So, from today, even if September comes and the teacher leaves, you must have a heart that loves more and has more of God's ideology than when the teacher was here, and you must shed blood and tears. If that becomes the valleys and streets of London, England will not perish. Is that possible? "Yes." Those who will do that, raise your hands. Put them down. God bless you!

For the future
Today, I will speak under the title "In Search of the Future" or "For the Future."

Every person, organization, or nation must have a perspective on the future. You all know that this moment today connects the past and the future. So, when you think about whether this place today is a place of development or a place of retreat, if you are standing in a place of development, tomorrow will be connected. However, if you are standing in a place of retreat, you must think more about your relationship with the future.

Regardless of who a person is, what organization or nation they belong to, people want to be citizens of a nation that is currently in a position of development. If one is currently in a position of development, it is decisive that their future will also be in a position where they can develop. Therefore, it is inevitable that such a position is required. However, no matter how much one's current position guarantees the future and can develop, if that person does not align themselves with the organization or the nation they belong to, it has no relation whatsoever.

In the end, it is people who develop the nation, organization, or society; it is people who develop it. It is not the nation that develops it, but people. That is why, as the Prime Minister of England, what must one do? If the Prime Minister has established policies, they must unify themselves around those established policies and work together with the citizens to align the goals of those policies. That is the responsibility of the policy implementer.

Now, here is England, and there is Germany, and there are various countries in Europe and around the world, but they are all centered around the leaders of those nations and based on the foundations of those nations, directing the implementation of policies. Then, among various countries, which country will inherit the future? Which country will be able to introduce the future to numerous nations? That is the position that every country desires.

To become such a nation, it is absolutely impossible to think only of one's own country. Without knowing how the world is going, one cannot see that the current nation can remain as a central nation in the world. When considering how the future will be, one must engage in activities that align the current position with the direction the world is heading.

After all, the world is bound to move toward the future. You may live in England, but the time has come when England cannot survive centered only on itself. That is why there is concern about joining the European Common Market and the European Community. However, it is not only related to Europe. Africa is involved, South America is involved, and Asia is involved. A foundation will emerge that cannot avoid relationships anywhere in the world.

Therefore, we must always think about how to manage global relationships. How to harmonize them. When thinking about the path that nations must take, the current economic issue is an important matter. That is why, centered on global economic issues, each country is striving to lead the global economy through competition.
It is not smooth. It is competition. It is a fight. A war is breaking out. We are in an economic war. It is war, war. To become a victor in war, no matter how difficult the war is, one must have the capacity to digest it and still have the energy left. Only then can one become a victor. To do that, one must have the ideology and national character that allows them to advance without fearing death, even if it means sacrificing their own life.

The central content that all people around the world can admire
If we look at Europe, what does England boast about? If England can boast about one thing, it is that it can be the origin of democracy and is a country that prides itself on its foreign policy in Europe. This can be seen. And what does Germany boast about? It is industrial technology. What about France? It boasts about art, particularly in fields like design.

So what will the future world that the world desires look like, a world with a single direction and purpose? That world will be an ideal type of democratic world, an ideal type of foreign policy, a world equipped with an ideal type of science and technology, and a world with an ideal type of art and culture.

If such a world comes to be, can the French only be responsible for art and culture, the Germans only for technology, and the British only for foreign policy? It is not like that. It must appear as a comprehensive system. The formation of such a global model country will be content that all people around the world can admire.

Then what will be the center, the core that everyone can like? If in such a world, a good building like those in New York were built, would that be a boast and the center? Would we boast about having the technology to create unmanned factories and automated facilities that can produce anything? Of course, one could boast about that. However, if France is about art and culture, it is not just about centering on art and culture and revealing its own national character. That is not everything.

Then if there is some representation, what would the theme of that representation be? This is the problem. In that regard, knowledge is the same. It is all the same. However, the issue is people. People. What kind of people? People who can appreciate such knowledge, culture, or foreign policy. The conclusion is that it comes down to people. It comes down to people.

Therefore, rather than emphasizing the economy, we must emphasize the people who value the economy. Of course, we must value science, but we must emphasize the people who value science. We must learn to value the people who value art more than the art itself. This is the conclusion that must be drawn.

But what has happened currently, when viewed from the perspective of the economy? It is not that the people within the economic sphere are being valued. It is not that the people within the scientific sphere are being valued; rather, science has become the center, the economy has become the center, diplomacy has become the center, and art has become the center. What has happened to people? They have become worthless. We should see technology through people, see the economy through people, see this art through people, but now it is reversed.

So what kind of person is that? They must be a person who can influence all fields. Currently, Western society has encountered this issue due to the development of scientific civilization and material civilization. The position of humans and the position of all relative value objects we desired have become reversed. The question of how to correct this is a significant issue that we are facing at this difficult juncture.

Humans created things, but those things have become their masters. The subject and object have been reversed. That is where we are now. Therefore, everything is being denied. This is why the hippie movement and the like have emerged. We must seek the value of humanity. We must redefine the value of humanity. We are rebelling against the old era.

We must recognize that we are in such a time, regarding humanity… What is the value of humanity? Everyone is trampling on their own existence. What on earth is humanity? What kind of people are the British? What kind of people are we British citizens? We must re-examine the past and critically assess the present. Now, in this reversal, matters like religion are too far away. We must solve the human problem before addressing the problem of God. If we cannot solve the human problem, we cannot even reach the problem of God. Therefore, all religions in that process become stagnant and enter a state of stagnation. We must solve the human problem and the problem of God.

A person who can deny reality and still have hope is a desirable person
In such a situation, the fact that we can promise a future of development and a hopeful tomorrow is an extremely difficult statement. If we think about humanity quietly, if humanity has created everything in the world, then it has nothing to do with me. We have entered a stage where we cannot help but be disconnected. Regarding people, we cannot present an image of how people should be.

So in this situation, what kind of person is truly a desirable person? A person who can deny all external factors and still have hope to live. A person who can maintain their own self. A person who can say, "I can live even without the benefits of cultural life." Why? Because what humanity has created is not good for humanity, so they can deny it. They feel no attachment in denying it.

Think of such a person. And when asked how they will live, they say, "No matter what hardships come, I can live." Then who guarantees that person? No matter how much they say so, there are no environmental conditions that can guarantee that.

So living like this, being able to guarantee such a self is better than living well. If one can possess such a self, they can live as much as they want.

In the end, even if one retreats in the cultural world, they should maintain their self. Even if they retreat, they can jump and reach forward. What does that mean? It means they can discard and find at will. They can do as they please. This means they are better off than those who cling to the current situation and struggle not to die. 

What kind of movement can enable this? Such a movement is usually impossible. Is there any historical evidence of such a play? What has proposed such a movement? Such movements have not been science or philosophy; they have all been religion. You must understand that only religion has carried out such movements.

A global new spiritual movement can lead the world into a new era
In the Middle Ages, when the Roman Catholic Church was completely corrupt, figures like Saint Francis arose to abandon everything and propose a new movement to restore the decayed church, transcending all that was corrupt and leading towards something new. This movement aimed not only to overcome the corrupt world but also to transcend it and carry it forward.

Wasn't it the same in England? If we look at the movements in England, the Puritan movement arose, centered around Scotland and forming relations with Switzerland… At that time, there was a struggle between the Anglican Church, created around Henry VIII, and the new Protestant direction centered around Elizabeth I, advocating for free faith. The Puritans, who opposed the established church, fought for a new ideal nation of God. Thus, they could abandon everything and resist. However, because that did not happen, they all gathered and crossed over to America to establish the American nation.

The revolution that can deny the present is brought about by a new spiritual movement. History has unfolded through new spiritual movements. In this light, if in this era, even established religions can break free and abandon everything to propose a new spiritual movement that can leap forward, it will be a catalyst for a new world and a new era. When such a movement is proposed, a new origin for a new world will be established, as can be observed historically.

The past Puritan movement centered around England was a national standard, not a global one. Now we have entered a global era. Therefore, if we can deny all of this from a global perspective and introduce a new spiritual movement to overcome and leap forward, it will be a movement that can introduce hope for a new world.

Do you understand what that means? Without this, it is impossible to overcome within this context. It cannot be overcome here. Personal circumstances are entangled here, family circumstances are entangled here, national circumstances are entangled here; everything is entangled. If there is any organization that carries the color of religion and takes on a historical responsibility to initiate such a movement, we must pay attention to that organization. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

The youth of the world must take the lead in a new movement
We must leap forward. To leap, we must retreat a lot. That is the law of nature. Such phenomena inevitably occur in every era. Therefore, retreating requires mental strength, and jumping and leaping also require mental strength. It cannot be done with material power or worldly strength. It is the same as a pit.

There is a pit. We must jump over this pit, but we cannot just jump. We must retreat and then leap… It is the same principle.

If the old people of the world try to do such a thing, it will not work. A movement initiated by the youth of the world must arise. It must be the youth of the world who do this. If there is such a movement, it will be a hopeful movement in this world. Do you understand what that means? Therefore, we must hope for such movements to arise in the world. Only then can we overcome this world; otherwise, it will be impossible to overcome. It is despair. Humanity will be completely destroyed.

Given this, we conclude that there must be some organization that emerges with a religious character to carry out such a movement. If God exists, God would also carry out such a strategy.

When retreating, one must keep in mind to leap forward
So, where is such an organization? No matter how you look at it, if there is such an organization, it can only be the Unification Church at present. This is how I see it. So we can all retreat. Can you all retreat? Can you retreat? "Yes." Why are you retreating? To overcome and transcend this, to go forward. So those who retreat can leap over. The more one retreats, the more they can leap over. However, retreating without the intention of overcoming and just trying to lead is futile.

You know, gliders are the same, right? When you pull it back and let go, it flies. It is the same. At that moment, it flies, but does it need to try to get in? Does it need to try to fly? "To fly…" Right. Are you trying to jump high like this? Is that what you are doing? "Yes."

Can the Unification Church actually do such a thing? So, when you retreat, do you do it forcefully or voluntarily? Voluntarily? "Yes." Then why are you voluntarily retreating? Because everyone else is not retreating, why are you? Why? Because you know that if you stay in that position, you will perish. You retreat because you know you will perish. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You must understand that you are retreating to avoid perishing.

Therefore, you must think, "Like Sodom and Gomorrah, this world will perish. It will perish, so I abandon this without any attachment and step forward." Do not have attachments like Lot's wife. Why do you retreat? Because if you do not retreat, you will perish. You will perish. That is why you retreat.

So, must you stay here while retreating? "No." You leap from here. You fly. Then do you want to fly just to save yourself? There are pitiful people and everyone else, so let’s fly while extending this line. Let’s fly while letting the line hang down. Even if the line falls, do not worry about it. You must tighten it gradually and grasp them. With this, we must save all those who are jumping. That is our goal.

We must have a perspective that can say it is better than the past
From that perspective, we must propose a new policy, a new economic view, a new scientific view, a new cultural view, and a new artistic view. We must take it out. If the people of the world all come together and are drawn to us, that world will also be bustling. It will not just be bustling. If only white people live together, it would be better, but if all the colored races live together, how complicated will that be? Do you think that will happen? "Oh! It would be better than the past." That is inevitable.

Therefore, in that world, there must be something better than the current world. From the perspective of human value or anything else, there must be something better. When thinking about the past, we must have something that can make us say, "Oh…." There must be something like that. What must change? We must discover something different about ourselves, about humanity itself.

In the past, people changed every day and exploited others, but the people of this era must not be like that; they must discover that they do not change and are absolutely different. Ultimately, what matters is that we must return to valuing people more than the economy, more than anything else. We must return to valuing people, and the perception of human dignity must fundamentally change. Do you understand? "Yes."

Then do you want to become that way? Do you want to fly away from here? Should we do it here or go there to do it? "Here." Right, does our Unification Church do such things? "Yes." We are training for that, that training. We are trying to do what others do not even think about. 

God carries out strategies that are opposed to leap us forward.
Right now, the older generation, the established churches in England, are all opposing Reverend Moon wherever he goes, kicking him out and causing a commotion. Is that a good thing or a bad thing? Is such an environment good or bad? "It's a good thing." Why is it good? Why? (laughter) Saying it's good means it's right. Look. The opposition must retreat anyway, so if they cling to this, they shouldn't be reluctant to say, "Hey, you kid, go away," and chase everyone out, which means they can't help but leave without any regrets. Even if they don't want to retreat, they retreat quickly. (laughter) That's right, that's right, oppose it, I say. Then they will go and jump.

The reason God conducts operations that face opposition is to make them jump. Until now, religions have been persecuted without knowing why they were persecuted. However, our Unification Church knows this. We must understand that such games are played to make them jump.

So what about those people? You all need to go out quickly, jump, and say, "Please save us." They are asking to be saved. How much do they desire that? This is a situation where everyone is stabbing with knives, killing and saving, yet they think it's good... That's different. If such a group exists, it should be known that there is only the Unification Church. You all need to understand that.

Now, Reverend Moon, you know, was born as the son of a farmer in a small mountain village in Korea, something you wouldn't even dream of... Do you understand? Reverend Moon was born there and is now facing opposition. He is opposed by the country and everyone else. So he is retreating more and more. Where has he come to? He has come to America. The whole world is pushing against him. Now he has come all the way to London, right now. (laughter) I am not the great man; I am a small man, a small man. (laughter) I am currently retreating. However, even though I am being pushed back, I am approaching the age of 60, but I am filled with hope and jumping more; I do not think of continuously retreating. The angle is getting higher and higher, more and more. As it moves away, it rises. Therefore, if the Unification Church begins to fly, it will soar all at once to the ends of the world. Do you think that will happen?

Now, everyone says that the opposition is bad, but once it starts to ignite, it will happen in an instant. Just like pouring gasoline and lighting it, it will catch fire all at once. How about that? Reverend Moon has been called bad for about 40 years until he turned 60, but when the day comes that he is called good, it will explode all at once.

A group that is a problem in the place of death is a group that is alive.

Now, until now, the mornings have been short, and the nights have been long. The Unification Church, what is it now? Now it has become bright, hasn't it? The sun is rising. Now the sun will rise. Think about it. If darkness has reached its peak, the sun will appear as a bright sun. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." The Unification Church is coming to morning, to morning.

Everyone, what does the word 'morning' mean? In English, it means 'mourning.' Do you understand what that means? So, when I say 'night,' I think of 'ignite.' (laughter) Do you understand what that means? "Yes." Right now, we are playing that game. So, dying and being buried in mourning, we are flying away. We are rising up. Do you have the confidence to do that? "Yes."

Everyone, if I say fly to Africa, would you go? "Yes." That's the problem. This is a problem of the world and a group of problems. You must understand that a group that is a problem in the place of death is in the place of life. You must understand that. You must know that you are in the place of life. Do you understand what that means? "Yes."

You have attachments to the world. Do you have them? No? "No." Right. Do you think of your old lovers? "No." You say no, but you are thinking about it. What is it? (laughter) You say you have no attachments. Not to your parents. Not to your country. Then what is your interest? Your interest is in retreating and jumping. Surviving and then only having an interest in saving the world. Is that right? "Yes."

Now, I think that when a storm blows in the world of Satan, we must think about overcoming it. When difficulties come, do you think you will overcome them all? "Yes." As you go, you may bump into things, and you may turn back or overcome them, you can maneuver through them. Is that right? Do you all have that mindset? "Yes." If so, this group is a group of problems. Do you understand what that means? It means it is a hopeful group in a good sense.

Even if you are in London, England, and you suddenly fly to Africa, do you have a place to stay? Do you? Will you survive? Will you perish? "I will survive." How? (laughter) There are people like you there. The Unification Church members are there too. (laughter) Do you understand what I mean? Even so, these days, black people are all killing white people and causing a commotion, and if a white person comes, they say, "These white people..." (the recording cuts off briefly)

We have a different perspective on the world and love compared to the people of the world.

Now, when we say we are different kinds of people, what is different? What has changed? The perspective on the world has changed. The perspective on people has changed. All methods of living have changed. We see each other as brothers. In the past, it was centered on me, saying, "Work for me because of me. Live for me because of me." Do you understand?

Then what is next? Love has changed. Love, the love towards people and the love towards God has changed. That is not visible. It is invisible. Who made it that way? It is not the visible but the invisible that has changed me. So, people have changed. They have become different people. Then what else has changed? The most precious thing to people, the most precious love for humanity. Love. Love has changed. Do you understand? "Yes."

Therefore, when you look at these issues, you can say that I am different from the people of the world. I am different from those who are perishing, those who can perish. Those who perish think and act centered on themselves, but I am different. Fundamentally, I am different.

Now, when you go to the spirit world and someone asks, "Where are you from?" what will you say? How will you answer? "I am from England." Will you say, "I am from Earth?" Where will you say you are from? "Earth." When they ask where in Earth, you say England, but there is no saying where in England. "I am from inside Earth." When they ask, "Where in England?" you can say, "London." When they ask, "Where in London?" you can say, "Any street." (laughter) "Okay, where on Lancaster Street?" you can say, "43, 44 Lancaster Street." (laughter) It keeps getting smaller.

Now, if I go one step further and they ask where you are from, what will you say? "Earth." What kind of Earth? "..." It is the earthly paradise, the earthly paradise. Then everything connects. When they ask where you are from, you should say, "I lived in the earthly paradise; I am a citizen of the earthly paradise." Which sounds cooler? (laughter, applause) That way, they will take an interest; if you just say you came from the ground, they won't take an interest.

To live in that earthly paradise, there must be God's love... Can you live in such an earthly paradise? What does God say? "Father." He is the Father, the father's love. What do you say? "Son." So, what do you do with the love of the Father and the love of the Son? (laughter) You become one. One.

You women, you are one with the father's love, but do you have a husband? Who is your husband? "Well, I do." You would say that, right? If you truly love God's son as a daughter who has God's love, would you love that man like God? If you loved him more than you loved God the Father, what would happen? Would God say, "Hey, you shouldn't do that?" (laughter) Would God be pleased or displeased? What do you think? Would He be proud, saying, "My daughter is doing well, my son is doing well?" Is that right? "Yes." True love is about loving more.

Let's love the people of the world with God's love.

Now, you all, do you love Reverend Moon? Whether you truly love him or not, I don't know. Do you truly love him? "Yes." If that is true love, is that love saying, "Hey, you all should quit the Unification Church and love only me?" If others think more of you than you think of yourself, that is just fine. That is different.

Now, if you keep evangelizing, you will lose Reverend Moon's love, right? They love too, just like you... If they love more than you do, you lose love, right? "No." That's right. No, you must understand that. We are one body. One body. The cells are growing. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Love your husband with God's love, love your sons and daughters with God's love, and that is enough. Love your brothers with God's love, and that is how a family is formed, a model family. In this way, if you love the world, you are a person of the earthly paradise.

Now, do our women have many complaints? Women and their mouths... (laughter) I thought only Eastern women were like that, but after living in the West for a few years, I realized they are the same. (laughter) Right? Don't you change? Don't you? (laughter) You must be honest. God likes that.

Now, when you get married, if your husband was handsome at the time of marriage, but after two months of living together, if one eye becomes disabled and one leg becomes disabled, it would be easy to say, "Oh, I don't like this." (laughter) Would that happen or not? "It wouldn't happen." Let's get divorced. Would that happen? "No." Western women are like that. Now, would that happen or not? "It wouldn't happen." On the contrary, would you love him more compassionately? "Yes." You know that, but is it true? (laughter) Is it? "Yes." That is God's love. Doing that is worldly love, and doing that is God's love.

When you love all people like God, you can leap forward.

Your worldly parents, when a child becomes disabled, how much more do they feel heartbroken and pity for that disabled son? That's right. Parental love is placed in a position of responsibility even in the fallen world. That is why there is a way to go to heaven by being filial to your parents. So you must be filial. Even if they are fallen, that is why restoration exists.

Therefore, you must be filial to your parents. With that loving heart, love the president of the country, love the Lord with that loving heart, and love God with that loving heart, and then you will connect with heaven. The presidential system is not the original will of heaven. You must understand that. It is a royal system, but because the king is corrupt, they created the presidential system.

Look. Do parents change? Do you not realize that the habit of replacing parents and husbands has arisen because of the democratic world's replacement of kings? Can you replace your husband? The same goes for the king of the nation. Can you decide the God of the universe through elections? Can you replace Him? Is that right? "No." Can you elect the Lord through voting? Through voting? (laughter) Do you understand? "Yes." You must leave a long tradition here.

Now, in the democratic world, there has been a movement to replace presidents, a movement to replace husbands, and it has turned into a movement to replace mothers and fathers. Do you understand? "Yes." If the king is wrong, the people must be able to protect that king with loyalty. If such a nation existed, England would not be like this today. If there was a queen, it would not have turned out this way. Because the king cannot act like a king, the paper king is acting as a king. The president is a servant. A servant.

We are not conducting a movement to replace God. These days, they say God is dead and have replaced everything, right? That is why our Unification Church is becoming a problem. Today's title is "In Search of the Future, For the Future." What is that future? What is it? That is the heavenly kingdom ahead. It is setting a goal of the heavenly kingdom.

What is at the center of that? It is God's love. Then, centered on love, centered on true love, how should we be? We must become people who live for the world, as the Unification Church presents. A world that lives for others does not perish. Do you understand? "Yes." This must be firmly ingrained in your nature, your life must be that way, and my character must stand in such a position where I can love all people like God from a place that transcends everything. If I have become such a self, that person will not perish. They will leap and jump forward. Do you understand? "Yes."

Then why are we mainly persecuted? Why are we persecuted? In Western society, they say, "There are so many white teachers, many pastors, many theologians, so why do Eastern people follow Reverend Moon?" Isn't this persecution? Aren't white people opposing like that? If I had been born white, would I be opposed? Would I be opposed in a place like America? I would probably have become a hero, a hero. What if my eyes were blue and my hair was blonde? (laughter) Think about it.

Why are you persecuted? It is because of Reverend Moon that you are persecuted, because of Reverend Moon. You are persecuted because you follow Reverend Moon; if you didn't follow him, why would you be persecuted? Why do you like Reverend Moon? Why do you follow him? Reverend Moon is different from those who easily change. He does not change, no matter how much he is persecuted. Then what else is different? It is the perspective on love that is different. Those are the only two things.

Ultimately, what does that mean? It means you are following because you want to model an ideal personality and ideal love. That is all there is to it. Then what is that ideal personality and ideal love? What is it for? It is for the world and for God. With the right hand, we love God, and with the left hand, we love the world. That is different.

Your parents say, "Forget about the world and love me centered on me. Love me more than God." They are saying to love themselves instead of God. So with the right hand, you hold your parents, and with the left hand, you hold your parents, one hand on the chest and one on the back, one holding the right cheek.
It's about catching me. Me, me, me. That's why they say I'm an evil parent.  
Right. What does Reverend Moon want? It's different. Reverend Moon doesn't care about anyone, and even if he kicks Reverend Moon, he loves God and says that it's good to love the world while saying he dislikes Reverend Moon. Who is that kind of person? It's the true parents. And when educating you, it's not to live for yourself but to live for others. That's the education of true parents. What is a bad parent? They say, "Live for yourself." It's fundamentally different. Do you understand what I mean?  
“Yes.”  
When you get married in the future, what should you do? You should become a couple and become true parents. There’s nothing else you need to do. With one hand, hold onto God and humanity, and the education is all about living for others. If you're born a woman, live for a man; if you're born a man, live for a woman; if you're born a younger sibling, live for your older brother; siblings live for each other. If you can educate like this, you will inherit the true parents and become true parents. Is that difficult? It's simple, right? The content is simple, right?  
Then what does Reverend Moon do? He appears as a test subject, as an experiment for the world. Even if you are all white, Reverend Moon, who is Asian, loves you and loves you even more. With this love, he trains you to love all mankind. He has brought you forth for training.  
If you say to love Reverend Moon more than God, that is a contradiction. If you say to love your husband more than Reverend Moon, that is even more of a contradiction. Also, if you say to love your children more than you love Reverend Moon, that is also a contradiction. Do you understand what I mean?  
“Yes.”  
Whether you go to heaven or not depends on that. You should love humanity more than Reverend Moon, love God more than Reverend Moon, and sacrifice everything for Reverend Moon. Do you understand what I mean? Love the world and then love Reverend Moon. That's the principle. It's different. It's different. It's a simple matter. It's very simple. Do you understand what I mean?  
“Yes.”  
So what is your hope? What is your hope for tomorrow? It is to have a broader foundation to love more. You need to know that. If you were born white, if you were born British, you would love British people; everyone knows that. But you should love the German people, who were once enemies, and love the French people... Everyone loves white people. You should love Asian people and even say you will love black people. That is hope, hope. Do you understand what I mean?  
To establish a realm of love in the world is to connect to heaven. If our Unification Church does well, if we are known as wealthy, we should live for the poor in Africa rather than for the rich white people. Do you understand? You are earning money to help those who are suffering, to help white people and save black people. This is Reverend Moon's thought. Do you understand what I mean?  
“Yes.” Why, why? That is God's love. Because God loves that way, because God wants that. Who is that God? God is our Father. Then what about the African people? They are also God's sons and daughters. They are also sons and daughters, and I am also a son, so we are brothers. Brothers. Brothers. But is there a brother who says, "God, only like white people. Leave out black people"?  
Look. God is fair. Here, you are living well, without envy in the world. But over there, they are starving, living in primitive civilization, treated like dogs and pigs. When you see that, God would want to say, "Hey, you have been good until now, so now you should earn for them." This is a parent's thought. A parent's thought. You should save your brothers.  
So now, expelling white people to Africa is to let Satan come in. This child, wake up and repent. You need to know that it is a call to repentance, a call to repentance. If communists come, they will lose.  
If England had acted with Reverend Moon's thought hundreds of years ago, would England be in such a miserable state today? The world would have become all England. Borders would have disappeared. That is undoubtedly true, right? Do you think so?  
What is hope? What is your hope? This is hope. The question is how much you can make this three-dimensional. That is now your hope for the future, for the future... Will you perish or prosper with this hope? Will you develop or retreat? What do you think?  
“We will develop.” Will you be welcomed anywhere in the world? Will you be welcomed?  
“Yes, we will be welcomed.” You will be welcomed.  
When you meet the teachers of the Unification Church here and listen to their words, you might think, "Ah, I will definitely do that," but whether it is true or not... With hope for the future, wherever you go in the world, you should practice saying, "I will do this." That is your hope. And you should love the world, but you cannot just love British people. You must love the people of the world more than British people. This is our hope. You must be certain about that.  
You must grow up and break through this to be seen by heaven from here. Here, heaven makes decisions. Where will the heavenly kingdom on earth connect? It will not come down to the ground of London. From the love realm you create, from loving all humanity, that is where the heavenly kingdom on earth will connect. Through the foundation you create by doing that, the heavenly kingdom will unfold on earth. The heavenly kingdom will come in.  
Since we are connected through love, let us fill the world with that love.  
When the teacher comes to England and does this, where does he go next? South America. South America. There, they are of Spanish descent. Do you understand? Where does he go next? He goes to Africa, Africa. That is the teacher's hope, hope. Do you understand what I mean? Today, the whole world, including the Soviet Union, hoped for Africa... England has missed it all. They have missed everything and are just kicking around.  
They are holding onto the communists like this.  
When it comes to human rights issues, the huge Soviet Union opposes it, so Carter... This foolish Carter... If he had vigorously confronted the Soviet Union, he would not have fallen like this. So who believes him? Who believes him? So nowadays, he has no choice but to take a hardline approach toward the Soviet Union... This is what is happening.  
Do you think America, which does not understand the world, will develop? America, which cannot take responsibility for the world, is disliked by the people of the world. But the Unification Church is different. We are fighting against communism globally. It is certain. Therefore, we need to re-educate. The Unification Church ideology is about re-education. It is not about purging everyone. That is certain.  
This time, the missionaries returned from the communist world after being opposed, but they will go again, they will go again. Do you understand? The missionaries have come here, but they will go back in again. It is like marriage. It is about forming relationships with love. Because they came with love, they must go to fulfill that love. So you are preparing for that. You are preparing now. Do you understand? Missionaries. Do you understand?  
“Yes.”  
Unification Church members must love people from three countries and say they are willing to die. Do you have a dream for the future to go to Africa and exhaust all the love you have...? Do you have such a dream? "Oh, I must go, I must go," do you say? Do you? "I am an evangelist. My evangelizing country is not here. Therefore, I will go there and work hard." Do you think like that, or do you think, "I will succeed here without going there. How can I succeed in a country with such difficulties"? What do you think, regular members? Unification Church members must go through three countries. You must go through three countries. You must go to that country after passing through three countries.  
Before you die, have you ever thought about going to such a world, like the African continent, or the Asian continent, or the Middle East? Have you thought about going there to pioneer, to love those people and die? What do you have? No matter how difficult it is now, overcoming that is the point. You are preparing for that day. Do you understand what I mean?  
“Yes.” With the blood and sweat of my love for the sake of the beloved sons and daughters...  
Now, since I could not pave that way, my sons and daughters and grandchildren must pave it. But how can I make them pave it all? What is the fastest way to lay that foundation before I die? It is to create relatives. Do you understand what I mean?  
“Yes.” I must marry global people and establish kinship relationships to lay that foundation. You should have that thought. Do you understand what I mean?  
So, if Asians think like that, if British people think like that, if Germans think like that, and if everyone thinks like that, what will happen to the world? Do you think it will become one? Do you think it will not?  
“It seems it will.” Therefore, how should your home be? You should bring people from three countries to live together. You should bring people from the African continent or people from three continents to live together.  
Now, that will happen. If there are three sons among our blessed families, one will marry a German woman, one will marry a French woman, and one will marry a British woman. The three daughters-in-law come from enemy countries. You will all marry daughters-in-law from enemy countries. So they will compete and fight, even over food. Will they say, "Let's share"? This is what the German daughter-in-law will eat, this is what the French daughter-in-law will eat, this is what the British daughter-in-law will eat. Will they mix it up and eat? What will they do?  
“Mix it up and...”  
While mixing it up and eating, what will happen if they spill? (Laughter) Even if they spill, they will just scrape it up and eat. What will they do? At first, they might dislike it, but they will scrape it up and eat. Why? Because if I do not eat what an African person ate, I cannot love them. You must love not just white people but also African people. You must prepare for that time now. How amazing is that fact? There, where you eat the dropped food, God is present, and love is present. Does God only like that kind of love? Why does God only like that? God is more present there. God is more present in a three-dimensional way.  
The reason we are despised and persecuted  
When you look at the globe, there is night in your eyes, but is there night in God's eyes?  
“...” Is there night in God's eyes?  
“No.” Does God need a lamp when He walks at night? Does He need electric light? (Laughter) Just as you like the day, you must know that God can also like the night.  
When black people, the poor, extend their breasts and feed their babies, the milk may be dirty, and you may not know if they have bathed or not. It is black. How could that be good? Why? Because when the baby sees that milk, they just like it. Would God like this? Not knowing if it is dirty or clean, just liking it, He laughs. In the love between you and the white people feeding lambs and giving milk, which do you think God values more? Ultimately, what matters is love; God is present where there is much love. Do you understand?  
Then what is the hope for the future? Today’s title is "To Find the Future, For the Future." What do you want for the future? What do you want to leave behind? What do you want to find? No matter how much you retreat and jump ahead, to save the world, you must have love. Without this love, it is utterly impossible.  
The reason you are being despised in England is that you are undergoing training. You must always say that you will love the ideal while being persecuted like this. You must love that ideal and be willing to die for it. When you are persecuted at that time, what should you do? Even when you are persecuted, you must overcome it with a greater love.  
So, if you do this, what will it ultimately be? It will leave a history of the development of love in my life. Even if I have no money, those who have received my love in that world will bow down and offer all their money, and even if I have no knowledge, those who have much knowledge will be grateful for this love and offer everything, and it will result in everyone being able to follow. This is what is within this.  
If this happens, even if you are buried in England after you die, a German will come to visit that grave, a French person will come, an Asian will come, and a South American will come. Do you think that will happen? Do you understand what I mean?  
“Yes.”  
The same goes for Reverend Moon. If Reverend Moon were to die soon and be buried in the mountains of his hometown in Korea, will you come to visit him or not? What do you think?  
“We will come.” Do you think tears will not flow for a white person? That is greatness.  
Connecting the whole world to heaven is our hope.  
Therefore, what is the path we are taking? What do we want to do? We want to elevate the history of the development of love toward the mainstream of history. We want to build bridges of love between England and Africa, England and Germany, England and France. We want to create an environment where all nations can interact, where continents, Africa or Asia, can connect to heaven. Expanding that is our future hope and our task.  
Last night, I heard that all the seminarians are going, but what are they doing going back and forth? Why did they come all the way from America? While others are flying, why are they sitting in the cheapest car all night? How pitiful is that? How pitiful is it? What is the reason for that?  
They could have gone out about ten minutes early, taken a good flight to England, but instead, they stayed up all night suffering. What is this? How miserable is this?  
But they do not complain and say, "It’s because of Reverend Moon, because of the Unification Church." Still, they go out with hope. That is all love. Even if I suffer, I think that by saving one person in the world, I can love them. How wonderful is that? They digest the suffering like that, knowing that there is deeper love in it. How precious is that? Right?  
Even when you come here, you eat just a hard piece of bread, whether there is butter or cheese, and you do not complain. Why? Because you have the heart of love to save one person in the world by saving even a penny. Right. Do you drink milk? Do you drink milk every day? Because you have the heart of love to save one person in the world by saving even a penny...  
But that does not mean you are foolish or incompetent. You are formidable people.
Scary people, you know. They have hope to go to the world... No matter how much you are scolded, looked down upon, and suffer, you must have a heart of love, a heart that wants to save one life. You are seeking God's love. Think about how brilliant the path you walk with that heart is. Think about how valuable it is.

When I see our young ladies, they say they don't have a necklace. Even so, they are calm. What is that? It could be done with just a few pounds. What are they doing without even that? They all do fundraising and offer it up, and that Dennis who looks like a thief... (laughter) Isn't that right? He looks like a monster. Still, they believe in him and do everything. Even if that person uses it badly, I... Even if that person doesn't do fundraising, I do. Do you understand what I mean?

What is sown in love can never be erased. The teacher says so. They all want to use money from the American church or the British church, all of it. They want to bring all the Asian money, all the Japanese money, and use it. That's right. Even if Britain uses me, I will not perish. What I do will not perish. No one can eat it, and no one can erase it. It is done in love. What is sown in love can never be erased.

Then, when I go to another country, to Africa, I will talk about Britain here. "You all suffer more. Earn money," and I will scatter all that money in Africa. Will you complain then? What will you do? "Um-" you will say. "Hurry up and do it," right? What will you do?

Let me tell you one thing. My mother truly loved me. My mother is no longer in this world. She passed away in the North. But I never bought her even a handkerchief. I never bought her shoes or any clothes. Yet, I bought many clothes for so many people and didn't fail to buy anything. I bought her a house and gave her everything. But that doesn't mean my mother was an unhappy mother. If you truly understand that, if my mother were here, she would have wanted to buy for those people I bought for, even if they said not to buy. The whole world should do it instead of me.

Until 1978, I took everything my mother had and sold it. If I had it, I sold it all and used it for evangelism. The teacher does not think about living expenses. As money comes in, I want to earn more to use for the world. With this, I bought houses for 36 families, prepared everything for the children to receive education, and now I take the children with me and buy them toys. Until now, I didn't do that. Now I can do such things. I can take them around and show them... Do you understand? 

To love Cain and to set conditions in the Cain world, you must establish Abel-like conditions. That is the principle. Do you understand? So, the teacher must also establish the condition of having loved the people of the world before returning to my hometown. I must return after doing that. If I can't do it directly, I must at least set up a substitute to do that. Do you understand? 

Let's sow love for the future. What will we leave for the future? It is through love that we leave something behind. We must sow love. An economy through love. Diplomacy through love, all culture through love. All activities must be through love. We cannot leave out love. That is the hope we will go toward in the future. This is necessary for this world. Currently, Britain is needed, Germany is needed, France is needed, Japan is needed, and America is needed. The most advanced countries in the world are all needed at the same time, and even the most undeveloped countries are absolutely needed. It is needed everywhere.

So, when you carry this love, will it grow bigger the more it spreads? Will it get smaller? "It will get bigger." This culture built with such love will not perish. It will not perish. Such thoughts and such principles will prosper forever and ever. Why? Because God wants it.

And looking at the current state, we have the ability to make it happen. It is not vague. It has concrete content. It is not just me; I can develop and expand it horizontally around me. In other words, I have the driving force with the truth itself. In academic terms, it has historical content that is world-historical. We can move the world with this truth movement without love. There is enough content to develop globally. But here, we emphasize the importance of love. Think about it.

Also, you are smart, right? You are smart wherever you go. Because you have love, you are a leader wherever you go. You are welcomed wherever you go. There is love, love. Look. Also, it doesn't matter if it is this way or that way. So, it is good to see it this way, good to turn it upside down, good to set it up, and good to flip it over. You must surely know that you are in such a position. You must surely know that you are in such a position.

When I think about the trajectory of Western civilization or modern civilization from this perspective, it must be so. I have been pushed and pushed, but in the end, it is understood in the opposite way. In the opposite way, everyone becomes interested, and in the opposite way, everyone begins a movement to study Reverend Moon. Isn't that strange? While cursing Reverend Moon, everyone is interested.

Now, what we are being trained for is for the other world. 

Now, in New York, creating News World, how precious that News World is. Spending precious money, and yet everyone kicks it away, so God says that is good. Everyone is demonstrating, unable to publish the newspaper, and now they say, "Oh, News World is so good," and these days they are lining up to live and also lining up to get jobs. This is how the world is changing. They are willing to work to the point of death for us. The world has changed like that. They tried to kill Reverend Moon, News World, but now... The world is truly fair. (Applause) That is how it is.

Now, if the country says that the Unification Church is needed and that the Unification Church movement is absolutely necessary, think about how busy you will be. So, knowing that... The teacher may or may not be here next week. Do you understand what I mean?

The hope for our future, what will we leave for the future? There is nothing else. When you look in the mirror, you might say, "In the past, I used to put on makeup and all, but what is this? My face is like this? It has become so unappealing," but think of it as a face that has become rich in love. After marriage, it is okay to wear makeup. That is not for yourself but for your husband, for your husband's dignity. 

And washing and wearing clean clothes is also for your husband, for your children, for your family... Love is so precious. It is good. Do you understand?

Think about it. In London, there are all kinds of first-class houses, but in Africa, there are no houses. Imagine going to a place where there are no houses. Wouldn't someone who is despairing here despair even more when they go there? They would despair. That is why I am saying that the training I am receiving here is for the other side. What I am doing in this world is training for the other world. That is all a higher heaven, so think of it as doing this to be worthy in that world.

Go out with a bigger heart of love, a heart that is willing to sacrifice more. 

So, the question is how much love you leave behind. How much love will you leave behind? This does not end even if it takes eternity. So, even in the eternal world, we will live centered on love. If you go to the spirit world and you couldn't love in the past, if you couldn't love your nation or individuals, you must repent. Do you understand what I mean? We must understand that we are doing this to become people who have no shame.

The teacher is the same, right? The teacher is the same. The teacher was born in a mountain valley in Korea, but now has become famous. From a worldly perspective, I have succeeded. God is with me. God is with me. I have lived while being pushed away. I have faced opposition. They keep trying to eliminate the teacher... You are the same.

My hope is to go for greater love, to take greater love as my hope. For that love, I must sacrifice more. And I will die doing that. I will die doing that. But that is not despair. It is not done in despair but in gratitude and glory... Then you will surely live as God's sons and daughters in that place where God is. Therefore, it is not about using means and methods. Do not use means and methods. You must approach with a heart of love and sincerity.

Even without the teacher, will you continue to work with even more enthusiasm, with a greater heart of love, and a heart willing to sacrifice? "Yes." Until now, the teacher has had all the interest, but now, even without the teacher, will you all unite and work with the same interest as the teacher? "Yes."

You must make sure to say three good things a day, continuously. At the same time as speaking good words, you must also do three good actions, even if they are small. Do you understand what I mean? Wherever you go, do good deeds. When you greet someone, do it sincerely and gratefully, and that is the training. Today is better than yesterday, and tomorrow will be better than today, with a heart of love. With a heart of sacrifice, if you continue to establish good things every day, you will surely have the love of heaven in the future, and the kingdom of love will welcome you. Let’s see a show of hands from those who will do that. May God's blessings be with you! (Translator's prayer)

[After prayer, words] 

Let those who have been here for more than three years raise their hands. Stand up. Those who are over twenty-five years old! Not many, it seems. "It seems there are not many." Those who have been blessed this time, please sit down. Those who are married or have been blessed, please sit down. Are all the foreigners coming from France and Italy? Raise your hands if you are British. Let's number off. Let's number off the whole group, starting with the women. "One, two..." Please sit down while numbering. "There are thirty-eight people." Men under twenty-four years old should not have stood up... right? "Yes, they did not stand." Those between twenty-three and twenty-four years old, raise your hands among those who have been here for more than three years. Not many. There are not many women either. How many do you think there are in Britain? "There are very young people who came in, and there are people who came in during middle school and high school. Otherwise, there are four people."

Gather those who have been here for more than three years, with men being twenty-five and women being twenty-three. Please contact them. "What about those who are in the local area?" Huh? "There are people in London and those working in the local areas. Should they gather too?" Yes, everyone gather. "Then those people too..." 

And now, how many French people are there, how many Germans are there, investigate all of that today. How many are there? So by the 12th, today is the 10th, so by the day after tomorrow, report all of that. "The whole country? Are you telling everyone in the whole country to come?" (Translator's question) Investigate how many there are, how many people. "Only those who are here. Should it be the whole thing?" The whole thing, contact the whole of Europe and investigate, and report by the 12th. 

"Everyone expected marriage." (laughter) Who talked about marriage? Are we talking about marriage? We are doing this to mobilize everyone. To mobilize everyone. What marriage? We had a marriage before, what marriage? (laughter) If they want to come, they can all come in a day, right? "Those in Britain?" No, Europe. "Europe cannot do that. Why? Because they need prior notice to prepare their passports. No visa is needed, but..." Well, those people, what about passports? Don't they all have passports? "Yes." That's what it is.

Those people should all meet and talk, and they might just fly to Korea from here. They might not even stop in Europe. If we meet here, what will we meet for? "It won't work." (laughter)

So, how many do you think there will be? Will there be about 200 people? 300 people? "Are there people who fall into that range? There will be about 70 to 80 because there are many married people." (Applause. Three cheers)

Where are we going? That world is the world of ideals, a world where we can live within God's love. Although it is the fate of humanity to go toward such a world, due to the fall, humanity has not been able to take that path of destiny. Thus, humanity has gone through a global process woven with the history of struggle and sorrow, starting from the fallen ancestors.

The mission of religion is to find the original world. 

Today, there would not have been such a division as between white and black. They would have all mixed together. They would have all mixed together. If that is the case, what kind of people would have lived? Language has changed, and all climates and regional characteristics have changed, and of course, that must have been to survive, but the motivation for all of that began in fighting. When brothers fight, the older brother becomes disliked, and everyone becomes disliked. When the older brother says "rice," the younger brother says, "I will have something else," and thus the language changes. This has led to a history of fighting, through personal fights, family fights, tribal, national, and global fights. Ultimately, the history of the earth begins in misery and is heading toward misery.

What is the result of such a world? It is a history where the strong oppress and sacrifice the weak. In this universe, as long as God exists, there is no one stronger than God. There is nothing stronger than God. If we look at the fallen world, the strong sacrifice the weak. From this perspective, if heaven is the strongest, what would heaven have been like? The strong God would have developed a history of living for the weak. For the weak... That is different.

If heaven exists, what is the difference between the world we live in now and the world heaven is heading toward? In this world, the strong sacrifice the weak, but if the world of heaven is realized, if the ideal world is realized, if the world of love is realized, what would it be like? It would be a world where the strong live for the weak. That is the difference.

How do we fulfill God's will in this world and return to God's original world?
To find a way to transform this is the mission that religion must undertake, and it is the task of those who envision a better world for humanity. 

Heaven's providence for the restoration and salvation of humanity is not carried out from the perspective of the strong, but rather from the perspective of the weak. Gathering the weak... Religious people are also weak. These weak individuals who are infringed upon in their human lives, those who have fallen behind in the march of human history, must be gathered and expanded from individuals to tribes, nations, and a global foundation. This is the play that religion engages in. When we analyze the history that has unfolded until now, we see that religion has emphasized sacrifice. It emphasizes sacrifice for both the strong and the weak.

Now, what will happen as this reaches its conclusion? It must manifest as a single global form of religion. When we look at it this way, religion has been persecuted by the strong and has also been persecuted by the weak. Yes, it has been persecuted by the weak as well. 

A religion that deviates from God's will is destined to perish. 

So, what will happen in the future when religion becomes united as a global religion that can influence the world? We must discern true religion, or religion that can be in harmony with heaven. Among religions, there will be false religions and true religions. 

Then, how do we analyze and distinguish this? Ultimately, it comes down to whether one stands in the position of the weak, wanting to serve humanity, or whether one comes from the perspective of the strong, wanting to dominate humanity. 

If a nation becomes a religious nation, that religious nation must be a nation that serves the world, for the sake of the nation. It must become a sovereign nation that can exist for the world. 

From this perspective, where does our Unification Church stand? You must clearly understand that the Unification Church is not an exception. The world is like this. When the world feels wronged and resentful as the weak, it tries to move individuals for revenge. It tries to move families for revenge, and if that doesn't work, it tries to move nations for revenge, and if that doesn't work, it tries to move states for revenge. The same goes for the Unification Church. 

Among our members who have come to America, those who are in a position to return to Japan inevitably think, "I must trample all over this America." Therefore, that is always an adversary. It is a confrontation. The instinct to confront is the instinct of fallen humanity. 

So, what is God's strategy? It is not a strategy of direct confrontation but a strategy of encirclement. This is different. While being persecuted and oppressed, where do we spread? We spread sideways. However, the majority of religions do not think about spreading sideways; they only think about revenge. They think the same way as the people of the world. This should not be the case. 

If one's foundation grows larger, the larger it becomes, the more one should have the heart to serve the world rather than just oneself or one's own organization. 

For example, when Rome scattered the Jewish nation around the 7th century, the Jewish people, scattered across the world, thought, "Our God will repay this enemy. I will one day trample the world and take revenge." They did not think about spreading out and uniting to encircle the world and save it. Because their direction is different from that of heaven, they were persecuted and driven away. 

Currently, the Jews scattered around the world have established a global economic foundation, but why do people in England and other countries dislike Jews? It is because they do not think about guiding British society toward a more global direction; instead, they isolate themselves, thinking that when the Messiah comes, they will trample the world and gain power. The Jews may be seeking Judaism and the Jewish people, but they must realize that they are losing the world. From God's perspective, even if He loses the Jews and Judaism, He seeks to find the world. 

So, how do we encircle and take revenge? Even Christianity has followed this path. Christianity went through the Roman era and into the Middle Ages, but even though the Protestant movement emerged from the Catholic movement, if we look at the Protestant movement, new Protestant sects like Calvinism emerged based on Switzerland, and figures like Zwingli created sects and engaged in movements to cut off the heads of opposing factions. They always came out with force. They had no concept of nation or world. If God's concept, God's will, transitions to a time when it can encompass the world, they will naturally be isolated. They will be divided. A religion that deviates from God's will will perish. 

The Unification Church is a movement that inherits God's will. 

So, what kind of religion will inherit God's will? It is a religion that, no matter what persecution it faces, seeks to embrace the world, and the more it is persecuted, the more it spreads and develops into the world... A religion that, even while being persecuted, extends into the world for the sake of saving the world, tirelessly working day and night to expand its foundation will dominate the world. 

From this historical perspective, what kind of church should our Unification Church be? It is a movement that seeks to overcome the historically failed religions and continue on the path of a new providence of God. Reverend Moon is the same. When all of America opposes him, what does he do in England? He is conducting an encirclement operation against America. He is gathering young people from all over the world to carry out this encirclement operation against America. 

So, if America, as a nation, were to unite with the Unification Church and move together, what would happen? Would he take revenge for being opposed by America? No. Rather, it is about moving together to seek the world. 

So, what kind of awakening will arise from America? If they opposed the Unification Church, it is not about stirring up revenge against that opposition, but rather establishing a driving force that can serve the world even more. By embracing and forgiving those who oppose, we must develop activities that allow those involved, who oppose the Unification Church, to feel they should repay the work of the Unification Church. Thus, we can expand a more progressive foundation. 

The strategy of God is to have a small number of people sacrifice so that the majority can repent and create a sphere of influence that impacts the world. Do you understand what that means? The more intense the persecution, the more we must develop sideways and encircle the world to digest it, which is God's providence, and that is why the Unification Church engages in diverse activities. Because we cannot help but engage in activities that can influence various aspects of the world, the Unification Church must operate in a way that is beyond the ordinary. 

Rather than seeking revenge, we must embrace through forgiveness and naturally bring about surrender. 

Until now, religious believers have been going in one direction, believing in Jesus to go to heaven, engaging in strategies of fighting and winning, but we are not like that. We are trying to encircle, but that encirclement strategy is not easy. 

That is why those who disliked us end up liking us when they are encircled. Even when encircled, it is not about revenge. Do you think so too? You know, the game of laying a foundation for God while being opposed and not seeking revenge is not an easy task. 

Some young people might think, "Oh, our teacher has faced so much opposition, if only he would command us to take revenge, we would all gather and cut off their heads and stab them in the belly." But that will not bring about a world of peace. The world of struggle will always remain. 

What kind of training do you undergo in the 360 Family Church? It is training for the encirclement operation. Even when insulted, we continue on. That is the encirclement. It is God's method and strategy of encirclement. Do you feel that? If Reverend Moon did not know this... 

My personality is quite fearsome. When I was a child, at the age of eight, after being hit by someone, I sharpened a knife to take revenge and stayed awake at night just waiting for dawn. I was a fearsome person. (Laughter) 

I would stay up all night. At that time, I was wronged by someone who was bigger than me, someone who was born four or five years earlier than me, and I was planning revenge, not just on that person, but on his mother and father as well, intending to burn down their house. From that, I see that God has caught someone like me. In fact, I am a fearsome person. (Laughter, applause) 

That personality has not disappeared. It remains, but the method has changed. Because I have that personality, I have endured and come this far in my life. You see? With perseverance... The final victory or defeat depends on us. 

So, when the time comes for surrender, I have seen that surrendering 180 degrees means not killing but forgiving. Do you understand? Now, as you leave England, carry that mindset with you. Wherever I go, I must think that I will do ten times better than I did in England, creating activities that can naturally lead England to surrender on a national and global level. Then we will spread out into the world. We will extend into the world. Do you understand? "Yes." Even if I were God, I cannot avoid such a strategy. Without it, how can we change the world? 

The people of the world, when they conquer through fighting, do so for their own selfish desires, but that is different. Even if they conquer, if it results in serving others, then the history of war is considered to be over. That is how we can prevent the history of war in human history. We can prevent the history of war. Do you understand what that means? 

Young people in England must save Europe, even if it means living as slaves. 

Now, England is isolated... This England is a small country. When it boasts that there is no sunset over the five oceans and six continents, it is because it learned the pirate spirit from Rome and has taken that in a different direction... It has established a foundation through the pirate spirit centered on the sea. After occupying the world with Christian thought, we must quickly connect that occupation to God's providence and save the world. 

The providence of God to lay the foundation for the encirclement operation, drawing a line centered on one point to create a circle, is why God uses the English people. However, the English citizens could not align with such a perspective and have become divided, which is why they are now isolated. 

Now, what will happen to England from now on? I have already concluded that this will happen. Now, as citizens of England, without the mindset of sacrificing many times more than the sacrifices made in the past for the Commonwealth nations, there is no way for England to develop into the world. 

So, what should we do? What path should we take? In the past, we would say, "Hey, kids!" but now we must go to the bottom. We must go to the bottom and live as servants. Before we can regain the status of a master, there will be no second England that can step back into the world. 

Now, I too will soon leave England, and when I do, what will I say to the people of England, and what will I leave for the young people of England? I want to leave this thought behind. Then, I believe that England will conclude that the arrival of Reverend Moon has helped to change the direction of history. 

Now, to inherit God's blessing again within God's providence, the white society, white nations, and white Europe must turn these young white people back toward that direction. If they can engage in activities that allow them to serve as servants in the nations that have occupied the world until now, Europe will survive. There will be a way to inherit God's will again. Do you understand what that means? 

Let us have a mindset that can save the world and embrace the future. 

So, Reverend Moon has become a problem in America and is regarded as the worst person, but is Reverend Moon really a bad person? "No." What does "no" mean? You may think that way inside. "No." That already means Reverend Moon has triumphed. The fact that you said "no" instead of "yes" means that no matter how difficult it is, even if there are worse things than "no," I will still say "no," and that is victory. 

Now, all of us who have been chased out while doing missionary work are here working, but even though we have been chased out, we are trying to find a way back in, no matter what. Are we going to go back in and stab everyone? Are we going to kill everyone? What is it? (Laughter) This thought is a great thought. It is a great thought. Why is it a great thought? Because God likes it, it is a great thought. Do you understand what that means? "Yes." Because it is a thought that God likes, God protects and guards it, so it will not perish. 

If Reverend Moon did not know this, he would have just followed the path of a religious leader, always saying, "Let’s see you!" But what is the situation now? He is being opposed and chased around the world, but he is not an unfortunate person. All these young people... Why do young people follow Reverend Moon? Have you thought about that? (Laughter) Young people are like new sprouts. When spring comes, where does the sunlight first shine? It shines where the new sprouts emerge... It is not that I will rise; it happens naturally, naturally... Just by hearing about the Unification Church, it happens naturally... 

You all are working here in England now, but in the eyes of the world, I am worth only one person. However, I must go elsewhere... Now, the mobilization units living in England all want me to stay here, but I must go. (Laughter) You must understand that I have to go for the sake of the world.
We have to go. You need to know that. What you are being told to stay in England is an English way of thinking. There are many failing English conventional mindsets up until now. The mindset that can embrace the future and not fail is one that goes around even if the teacher says not to.

Now, is there anything? Just like working during the day when it was bright, even without the teacher, if you have the mindset that you will work at night just like during the day, heaven will surely work for you. It will be with you. God will undoubtedly be with you.

Then, you who are nothing will shine like stars and the moon. Do you understand? "Yes." That's why the teacher has to leave, right? (Laughter) To save England, to save the world, I have to leave. That is the historical direction, the historical direction. When I think like that and return, you should not cry for me, but say, "Teacher, go and come back. We will continue to fight." This is how it should be. When Jesus ascended, he rebuked all his disciples for saying, "Do not weep for me." (Laughter) Even without me, there are countless ways to go from England to the world. Do you understand?

The teacher has become great because he has worked while being persecuted. "To influence the whole world, I must have talents in various fields. I must have talents in various fields." That was the mindset. Even if I die now, the world will soon give me the title of "Reverend Moon was a great person." Look. The teacher has done what no one else has done in the history of the world, and is still doing it.

Now, is there anything that Reverend Moon envies? I have nothing to envy. Money? I can spend a million dollars or ten million dollars in a day. I don't need money. The money needed is not for me, but for the Unification Church and for the world. I am trying to save the world even at the expense of the Unification Church.

You all do fundraising and spend one penny, ten pennies, one dollar, like that, but when the teacher spends money, it is a hundred thousand dollars at once, or a million dollars. Why don't you complain about that? Why don't you complain about that? God says, "Hey, Reverend Moon, why is that? Why don't you give money? Is it not so? It is because I spend it for the world rather than for the Unification Church." That is why I make you suffer to the point of death. Yet, you do not protest, do you? (Laughter) Why not? Who in the world would accept someone who wants to strike for themselves rather than for the global movement that Reverend Moon is doing? It wouldn't be effective, so they don't do it. You all know that this is not beneficial, you are wise people. This is different from ignorant workers. This is different from ignorant workers who fight for themselves. This is different from the intellectuals of the Communist Party and from workers. Right? "Yes."

Now, let's stop. Shall we continue? "Let's do more." Isn't it fun? "Yes." This is a boring talk, but it is fun, which is strange. It has turned around. (Laughter) Everyone answering like that is brainwashed. (Laughter)

The global foundation of the Unification Church built through encirclement operations.

So, what is today's title? Where are we going? Did you know the way, or not? "We knew." Look. Recently, when some teachers from Juilliard were going to Korea, the president of Juilliard said, "If Reverend Moon incites, our school will go bankrupt, so we cannot allow that." They are really scared. (Laughter) If I work in America, what will happen to America? What will happen to the Congress and the State Department? They are all saying that if Reverend Moon touches it, he will ruin America, ruin the State Department, ruin Congress. (Laughter, applause)

So they all fought, and in the end, Fraser became the representative of the State Department, the representative of Congress, the representative of the Communist Party, the representative of Judaism, and the representative of Christianity, and became the opponent of the Unification Church, but he was overwhelmed by his own strength. (Laughter) The whole world made such a fuss that they knew about it.

That is why all the members of Congress became our PR team, calling and congratulating, and even calling that insignificant Bob Short, looking for the Unification Church. (Laughter, applause) So when this person is declared the winner, and everyone is excited, I told them not to get too excited and to be calm. The one who lost is the weak one, but heaven does not strike the weak. Protecting the weak is the way heaven goes, so I told the Unification Church not to be too happy that they defeated Fraser and go out to the streets dancing and boasting. (Laughter, applause) Do you understand? Winning against Fraser also means winning against Fraser's descendants. You need to know that. It is a victory over both. You win against Fraser and you win against his descendants. Isn't that right? Would Fraser's son say, "I need to take revenge on Reverend Moon"? Rather, those sons will praise Reverend Moon. Reverend Moon is the one who campaigned, and they will say Reverend Moon is great. Isn't that so?

I have been in and out of prison many times, but when I entered prison, I did not enter shamefully but confidently, and when I came out, I did not pray, "You guys! I will get my power and take revenge." I prayed, "Father! Let me come back with a smile." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." This is the way heaven goes, so those who walk this path are always protected by heaven.

We have held the World Scientists Conference up to the seventh time, but during that time, how much money… We need to sprinkle 700,000 to 800,000 dollars into the air every year. At first, all the members of the Unification Church opposed it, saying, "Why are we suffering? What is this? What is this?" But nowadays, they say, "Well done! Well done!" 

This time, when there was a problem with the British Home Office, all the professors wrote letters to support and protect Reverend Moon. Is that an easy thing to do in this British land? Do you understand? Such a foundation, an invisible global foundation, has been established.

This time, while being here in Europe, I am connecting Germany and England, and America and Japan, and planning a global mega factory… This is a plan. If we do not save England and do not save Germany, there will be no way forward in the future. You must listen to Reverend Moon to survive. That is why Reverend Moon has become famous. It is not just that he became famous. It means he has that much foundation.

With this foundation, I am not trying to take revenge on anyone. It is for the world… If I buy a private plane for Reverend Moon, people will criticize. However, when it is for the world, they do not criticize. At that time, they say, "Well, that makes sense." Do you understand? "Yes." Isn't that right? That means everyone did well. Our Unification Church members encourage that. If you have a private plane, you can go back and forth as you please. It means it is okay either way. (Applause)

Now, we have grown that much. I am thinking of chartering five jumbo jets. What are five jets? We will need about eight. We need to have eight. (Laughter) So when you say "Reverend Moon!" at the airline, their ears perk up. (Laughter) We can do such things. What money? I wonder what there is to spend a lot of money on if I take you all to one place. If we separate here, it will save money, so why not do it in a way that saves money instead of playing around like this? I thought Reverend Moon was smart, but they will think it is bad. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." However, everyone wants to go to one place, whether it is Korea or somewhere else, because it is a historical fact, so you need to know that the impact this will have on history is a source that cannot be bought with billions or trillions of dollars. That is the problem.

So future generations will be united. People from each country, British people, French people, all will be united, and when Europe, Asia, South America, North America, and the whole world come together, a traditional history will emerge here, and in the future, it can bloom into a great ideological flower. That is why the present is the problem. The present is the problem.

Money is always with us, but time is not always there. You all know how to make money, right? "Yes." The money for going to Korea can be made by myself without anyone's help. Who made it so that I could do that? "The teacher." That is Reverend Moon. (Laughter) Did I do well or not? "You did well."

Our women, though young, have nothing. They just blink their eyes and have nothing in their mouths, and they are shabby, but even if this woman becomes active and her husband dies and she has a dozen children, she has the ability to feed them all. There is no problem. There is no problem. There is no problem. It is a great Unification Church. If we do not have money, we can start with "Let's do it!" and in 40 days, we can make ten million dollars or twenty million dollars. Do you understand what I mean?

That is why the Unification Church is frightening. They are not afraid of money and know how to spend it, and they are not afraid of people and know how to utilize them. The young ones are all utilizing them without fear. How scary is a person? They would take revenge and bite back… Even if there is a famine and everyone starves to death, our Unification Church members will not starve to death. Can you work even if you go a week without food? Can you work? "Yes."

Now, you have understood this. Reverend Moon has been doing a global movement until now, in various fields… Many people are studying Reverend Moon in the doctoral courses in America. Social scientists should understand the social impact Reverend Moon has made, religious scholars should understand religiously, businessmen should understand in business terms, and cultural figures should understand culturally. You need to know that many people are becoming doctors because of Reverend Moon. (Laughter, applause)

The reason we could do such things is that we understood this principle… God conducts encirclement operations. In Korea, because they oppose Reverend Moon, they have been encircled. It has completely happened. Japan is the same, and it is the same everywhere.

Entering into the bosom of Reverend Moon means entering into the bosom of God. It is good to be in there. Even if you are in there, it is not about complaining and protesting; it is good. It is good. (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

That is why we must clearly understand that we are walking such a path. Looking at it this way, Christianity will soon be drawn in according to the teacher's plan. Therefore, in the future, the world economic issues and global problems… In the future, countries that listen to the teacher's words will not perish.

The secret to winning the satanic world is to align with God's strategy.

Now, let me conclude. In a fallen world, the methods that God likes are constantly being persecuted. When the world comes to the right side, they try to block it… When you get kicked, they say not to even look back. Do not face it and just go this way. My path is busy. My path is… The fighting time…
It is necessary to take a step further than just the liver. 
 This is why we must overcome the satanic world, the satanic world. No matter what country or what opposition arises, I must become a decisive self that is determined to go forward. Therefore, we must overcome the satanic world. By what law? By this operational law, by God's principle, we must overcome the satanic world. 
 So, having won, what comes next is that I must win over my wife with this principle. I must also win over my sons and daughters with this principle. I must win over my parents with this principle as well. Once I have won over my family, the family must win on a tribal level. When the tribe wins, it must win on a national level. Furthermore, when the nation achieves that, it must win the world centered on the nation. 
 This is the path we must take, and we must understand that it is God's will to create a Unification Church that can be trusted to walk this path. 
 Although I may look unattractive, I have been chosen to walk this path. (Laughter) If that person is precious, it is because God has chosen that person. That’s right. As a person chosen by God, even if they are unattractive, God hopes that they will come into the Unification Church and work because of the untrustworthy world we live in, which makes that person precious. 
 Let’s walk this path that we must take, even if it means dying. 
 Then, will this principle apply in the Unification Church, or not? “It will.” That’s why there will now be a difference in ranks among you. The fact that the ranks have widened in this operational law means that the argument of "It cannot be done. Everything must be repaid" is established. Is that a yes or a no? “Yes.” Is it a complaint or gratitude? “Gratitude.” I understand. 
 Therefore, it is the same for you as well. Wherever you go, even in the spirit world, this principle will be applied. That’s why those who live on earth, who have matured in this principle and make it their philosophy of life, will undoubtedly overcome this fallen world and win over family, tribe, nation, and world, and safely pass into the heavenly kingdom. The question is where this starts and where it will go. How about it? Will you go that way? “Yes.” Why are you going to the wedding? What are you going for? You are going to walk this path. Love is the same. Everything is centered around this and the direction is determined. Only here is there peace. Only here, no matter how tired you are, is there the courage to continue. 
 Knowing this, the teacher has lived his life until now, being chased and pursued, without losing heart. It seems like everything will disappear, yet he develops even while being insulted. “Oh, that person has become like this! Who would have thought that Reverend Moon, that crazy person, would end up like this after being chased out and insulted in that neighborhood?” There are many people who think like that. (Laughter) 
 If the teacher's principle had been bad, he would have failed, but seeing that he has not failed, we must surely recognize how great and wonderful this living principle is. “Yes.” The people of the world may not know, but as long as you in the Unification Church think of Reverend Moon as your teacher and follow him, as long as you follow this tactical principle, infinite blessings, infinite happiness, and an infinite future will await you. You have complained a lot until now, haven’t you? “No.” Oh, didn’t you say you wish it would end soon? Would you like it to end in three years, or would you like it to continue longer? (Laughter) If you only go for three years, that’s all you will achieve. However, if you say you will go for ten years, for a lifetime, and that you will sacrifice even more in your lifetime, then that will shorten the time. 
 So, if this path is one that you can stop after three years, that would be good. It would be nice if it ended there, but it is not. You must understand that it is a path you must take even after death. You must know that it is a path you must take no matter how many thousands of times you have to repeat it. 
 At that time, it is not voluntary. You must go by compulsion, by compulsion. Heaven is achieved by free will, not by compulsion. Do you understand? Do you do it because Reverend Moon told you to, or do you do it because you want to? What is it? Do you do it because Reverend Moon forced you to, or do you...? How about you? You seem to have a Marine Corps personality... You seem to be a bit nervous, how is it? Yes, you do it because the teacher told you to, or do you do it voluntarily? “Both.” (Laughter) You rascal, it’s not both. Do you understand? Then, who do you complain to? There must be someone to complain to. If you are going by your own free will, who would complain? There is no place to complain. Does Reverend Moon go because God told him to? No. He goes by his own will. Now that you understand this, you go by your own will. It’s okay for God to intervene. I want to push harder than God pushes. Do you understand what I mean? 
 Now that you have listened to the teacher, there is no place to complain! Right? “Yes.” Now, I am going by my own will, so even if the teacher is not in England and everyone dies, I will definitely go alone. If you do that, you will surely become victors. You will surely become victors. May God’s blessings be with you. 
 Now, Mr. Park, watch the election of Congressman Fraser and try to do something. My talk is finished. (Applause) 
 The Path Religion Must Take 
 Today, as you know, is the second anniversary of the Washington Conference. We started the conference in the United States in 1972, and in 1973, 1974, and 1975—1975 was held in Korea—1976, and so on, through a series of consecutive conferences, we have reached the conclusion centered on the Washington Conference. 
 Restoration providence develops centered on indemnity. 
 The restoration providence must develop centered on indemnity and create new opportunities; this is the principle. Why is indemnity necessary? It is to discern the satan who always accuses based on historical sins while simultaneously settling historical mistakes. 
 In this position, anyone, whether individual or collective, is involved. Even when looking at you as individuals, the current "I" is not just the present "I." It is a descendant who has inherited the entirety of history. And the current "I" is not just the present "I" centered on individuals; it represents the entire world. Each of you is in such a position. 
 In such a position, I, as an individual, am not just staying in this era but am moving towards the future and the world. No matter where you started from or how you started, the path to the ultimate world is one path. This historical direction is the path to the world, and it must go through a straight line. There are various paths here. There are various paths. While adjusting the direction, we are heading towards one goal. People who were here may go this way and sometimes fall this way, and people who were here may go this way and fall this way; history moves in various ways. No matter how high you rise, if you make a mistake, you will fall. If you make efforts again from here, you will rise again. This is the game we play. 
 Then, when looking at the "I" that is here, it is all twisted... If you look at it upside down, it is all like this. (While writing, he speaks) 
 The existence of "I" is connected to the world. 
 When viewed this way, everything in history is twisted and improperly connected due to sin, and unless we settle all of this, there is no way to make it straight. Furthermore, when we look at the present, as mentioned earlier, it is not centered on you as individuals. It is "I" in the world. It is "I" in the world. If there is a Japanese person here, that Japanese person is a Japanese person in the world, not just a Japanese person in Japan. 
 When it becomes larger, "I" is the one standing in the providential realm of all humanity centered on the spiritual and physical worlds. When viewed this way, we are in such a realm. We are connected to the realm of the world. 
 In this way, you are all competing. You all want to go to a good place, to succeed, and not to fail. That is the struggle. Then, with this authority, where should I go? You must not go your own way. You must walk in the direction that connects with the historical direction, the past, present, and future, in this direction. 
 For example, centered on the nation, there is a large, what should I say, a circular shape, like a snowball, and where should it roll? It should roll this way. (While expressing with gestures) That is the fate we are in. If this goes off the track... If I go off the track, it is not just me going off; everything in the past and present will go off because of me. 
 Among this, there are countries like Japan, England, and Germany. They are all mixed together and are now gathered. Some countries are going this way, some are going backward, and there are all sorts of countries. That is why you must understand that this kind of collective responsibility is the world in which I live. 
 Religion must find the trajectory that has been shattered by the fall. 
 When viewed this way, history is rolling aimlessly. There is no trajectory in history, no rails. Originally, if there had been no fall, starting from God... centered on God, Adam and Eve would have been running on the trajectory centered on love, aiming for love in heaven or on earth. 
 What are those rails? They are Adam and Eve. They are Adam and Eve. What does that mean? It means man and woman, man and woman. The fundamental trajectory concerning man and woman becomes our human ancestors, Adam and Eve. 
 Then, what is the fall? It is that Adam shattered the trajectory he was supposed to follow. 
 Now, that blueprint is not held by Adam and Eve; it is held by God. Because of the fall, Adam and Eve fell without knowing the blueprint that God had planned, derailed from the trajectory, and became aimless. In this chaotic environment, God is working to establish that trajectory. 
 So, by establishing numerous religions, some religions are guiding the way to lay down those rails. Even before laying down the rails, there must be preparatory work. The road must be paved first. This is what is happening now. Do you understand? We are paving the road, digging tunnels, and doing everything, and then what must we do next? After that, we must lay down the real rails. Those rails are the mainstream thought, the mainstream religion among religions, which passes through Judaism and Christianity. Do you understand the concept? 
 The rails that connect heaven and earth are religion. 
 So, who are the materials for laying down those rails? The central pastors and leaders of Judaism and Christianity must become those rails. They must be able to connect the rails. If Judaism had taken on that responsibility, Jesus would have come and become the train, and God would have become the driver, running on those rails. God would be the driver. Do you understand? Therefore, the institution called Jesus becomes a family institution and runs as a global institution. 
 Now, starting from here, individuals ride. Then there are family stations, tribal stations, national stations, and the final destination of the world station, where heaven and earth are connected. If Judaism had believed in Jesus, it would have created all those personal stations: individual, family, tribe, nation, and world stations. Then there would be no need for the Messiah to come again. 
 So, what did Judaism do? It tried to pave the way. It tried to prepare the way for the Messiah to come. It intended to do the preparatory work. If they had united with the Messiah, everything would have been connected, and the rails would have been laid immediately, and then the train would have run immediately. Because of the fall, it was derailed, and this process is the fate that historians must inevitably go through. 
 So, when Jesus came to this earth and could not fulfill his purpose, he left behind the term "Second Coming." What does that mean? It means that the global preparatory work must be done again. Do you understand that? When the day comes that Christianity, the entire world of Christianity, welcomes the Messiah, it will happen in an instant from the personal station. Do you understand that? However, when Christianity opposes, it becomes a big problem again. Then the Messiah himself must pave the way, lay down the rails, and create the locomotive himself. This is the fateful path that religion must take. 
 The Unification Church aims to complete what all religions must do. 
 So, what is the Unification Church? The Unification Church aims to overcome the failures of Judaism, overcome the failures of Christianity, and overcome the failures of all humanity in the future, achieving everything from the starting point to the destination, aligning Alpha and Omega, so that God can freely come and go. Then God can drive and take humanity to heaven at any time. That is why humanity, regardless of whether they are religious, political, or social figures, cannot help but look for a global leader, a Messiah. 
 Now, if you do not take the train, you must walk. You must walk. (Laughter) Then what is the ideal? It is to create express trains at all personal stations and have them all go "vroom" at once. How much... (Laughter) Do you understand that? “Yes.” God is dreaming of such a history. So, what is the purpose of sending the Messiah? It is to create a ground where such rails can be laid and express trains can run freely without obstacles. Then it means that we can connect directly with God. 
 When viewed this way, have you made the preparatory work bright enough to find the trajectory from here to there? You do not know where you are going now, you do not know where you are going. Religion does not know where it is going. Everyone just dreams of going to heaven... Originally, whether it is Christianity or Judaism, there must be such personal stations, family stations, and those peaks in the historical process. This is how it goes. We must pave this. There must be tunnels here. There must be a big mountain, a river, or a sea; there must be such tunnels. 
 Now, if that wall, that personal and family wall, is this thick, then the next tribal wall or national wall is not easy. The walls get thicker and thicker.
When it comes to this, will there be anyone going to heaven? No, there won't. That’s why God must send a leader who directly guides and resolves this issue, paving the way. This conclusion is inevitable. 

So all the prophets prepared for this. Therefore, the Unification Church must engage in construction work, dig tunnels, lay rails, and create locomotives; these are the tasks that need to be done. Do you understand what I mean? In that sense, the Unification Church is a church that completes the work that all religions should do, combining everything into one. Do you understand? "Yes."

The Lord who is coming must seek the spiritual and physical worlds. 

Then, where is the starting point for Jesus, the Messiah? Nationally... If the Jewish people had completely united, it would have centered around this and taken this form. (Expressing with gestures) With this form of rail laid down, it could have started from the nation to the world. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Therefore, the individual, family, and tribal aspects are all things that Jesus will accomplish within seven years. It will be done within seven years. However, this has been extended, extended.

So this has been developed centered around Christianity. The mission that Judaism failed to fulfill was handed over to Christianity to develop that global mission. However, Christianity is in a position that is even worse than Judaism. Why? Because the Jewish nation was in a state where the external and internal worlds were united, and they awaited the Messiah centered on that. But Christianity has only been engaged in the movement of establishing a spiritual foundation through Jesus' death. There is no external foundation at all.

From that perspective, even if one becomes completely one with the coming Messiah, one must understand that the external foundation, the realm of Satan on a global stage, still remains. Looking at that history, the coming Lord must reclaim the physical standard that Jesus was infringed upon, fighting centered on the spiritual and physical worlds. That is the national standard. This national standard is always a problem. Up to this national standard, it is inevitable... Do you understand what I mean?

If the Messiah comes to Korea, then that fight must be centered in Korea. Therefore, such a nation must inevitably be divided. It must be divided. The nation must split, and churches must split from each other; such results must inevitably occur. Korea is in that position now.

Thus, the coming Lord will absorb this Christian cultural sphere to create an internal completion authority, and then absorb the communist world to complete the external authority. This theory is established. After achieving internal victory, external victory will follow. The responsibility of the Messiah is to connect from the national foundation to the global stage. Do you understand? "Yes." If Christianity completely unites with the coming Messiah, then if it is in Korea, it will unite completely in Korea, and if all of global Christianity unites, everything will be finished within seven years. Everything will be finished in seven years. If that happens, the internal Christians and the external non-believers will become one, and the world will unite. The communists will not emerge.

If that were the case, all non-believers would be within the realm of nationalism, and the internal Christians would be within the realm of globalism, so this would have been absorbed at once. Christianity has established a global realm, and each external entity fights within the national realm. Do you understand? However, because Christianity could not unite, what happened? A stronger external world, an equal realm, emerged. That is communism. Stronger, stronger than the internal. Thus, they try to trample all internal Christianity and even invade the Messiah. That time is now. Therefore, it is said that the Moscow conference must be completed centered around Moscow. (Applause)

The Unification Church must take responsibility for all historical failures. 

With this providential overview, we are fighting with our fate on the line. Now, what time is it? What work are we doing now? What game are we playing against the democratic world? We are returning to the position of Christianity that does not oppose opposing Christianity. What does that mean? It means establishing a position similar to how the Jewish people opposed Jesus, where Jesus liberated the Jewish people.

Without this, we cannot start toward the world. We are in such a fate. Do you understand? "Yes."

Therefore, how should the coming Messiah act? He must seek the center of Korean Christianity and a global center of Christianity. What does that mean? It means that to establish a national foundation that can represent Judaism and Christianity, we must find Judaism within Christianity and find a people, tribe, and family that can represent both Judaism and Christianity within Judaism. It goes backward. We must find the family realm. The Messiah could not do it... Do you understand what I mean? That is why history becomes a problem. History becomes a problem.

From the perspective of our Unification Church, both Judaism and Christianity become problems. From the viewpoint of the Unification Church, everything in the historical era has been a failed history, whether personal or overall. Therefore, today, centered on the Unification Church, we must establish a form that does not fail from the failed individual, failed family, failed tribe, failed nation, to a nation that does not fail, as if creating a station on the front line. Do you understand what I mean?

We must take responsibility for what Judaism and the nation of Israel could not do, and then for what Christianity and the free world could not do, both internally and externally. If Judaism unites, the nation will automatically unite; if Christianity unites, the free world will unite. This conclusion has been reached. It will unite automatically. Do you understand? Why is that? Because the spirit dominates the external. If this is strong... Do you understand what I mean?

After the Unification Church emerged, the entire global Christianity opposed it, so this law is all caught up in it. The foundation has completely collapsed. Then, what about Mr. Park? Mr. Park must take responsibility for what Judaism and the Jewish nation failed in the past, and then he must take responsibility for what Christianity and the free world failed in. Each person must take responsibility. Who must bear that responsibility? Do you understand? There is a historical responsibility in this era. As I mentioned earlier, I, as an individual, stand at the center of the world, so I am within that realistic responsibility. Do you understand what I mean? In reality, I bear such responsibility.

Now, can the entire world not know this and each person take responsibility for it? They do not know where Judaism is going, where the Jewish nation is going, where Christianity is going, and where the free world is going. They do not know. Therefore, the Messiah, knowing this, comes to indicate the direction for all. So with this material, we can build a dam, lay rails, and do everything. That is why we must become one with the Messiah. We must listen to the words of the Messiah.

How pitiful is the Messiah standing in a position receiving opposition from the world? Think about it. He is a pitiful being, isn’t he? How miserable is he? He is the most miserable in the history of humanity, in the history of nations. It is the most miserable. That is where we must start. That conclusion has been reached. Do you understand? Do you understand how things should be? Do you understand how this world should be?

Where must the Messiah start from? "From a miserable position." Therefore, he must start from the very bottom of the hell on earth, the deepest hell. The period of coming out of there is the path of indemnity, and then there is another path of indemnity centered on the individual, and then there is a path of indemnity to find the family, a tribal path of indemnity, a national path of indemnity, and a global path of indemnity that still remains.

Now, the Satan that rules the world attacks from all sides. Do you understand? Everyone, when the settlers landed in the East and pioneered the West in American history, whenever they went to a place, they had to fight the Indians and win, right? It is exactly the same. Exactly the same. That can be done by shooting with guns and cutting throats, stabbing and killing everyone, but can God do that? Think about how difficult it must have been. Going from the East to the West was a problem for anyone. How hard must it have been? Do you understand?

The Unification Church must pioneer that path. That is why the Satans are mobilizing Christianity to try to kill. Just like the closest thing, "Your household's relatives are enemies," brothers are trying to kill. Just like Cain killed Abel... Do you understand? So starting that fight in Korea, finally winning the personal fight in hell on earth... That is all national. It was a total national attack. Do you understand? "Yes."

Therefore, Unification Church members have no place to stand. All are... But they cannot escape. If they leave that nation and go to another country, their foundation will disappear. The historical responsibility of restoration will be severed. They must always have a historical background. Therefore, when fighting to eliminate everything from hell on earth, both personally and nationally, we must establish the foundation of victory while engaging in the highest fight, the highest struggle.

The main thought of the Unification Church is to create a new world. 

So finally, in 1960, the teacher chose a mother. If we talk in detail, there is no limit. Do you understand? Jesus was to establish a foundation centered on the tribe, the family of Joseph and the family of Zechariah, but a foundation that could restore that has been formed, which is why such a game has unfolded.

So, where is that foundation? It is the Unification Church. Then, what is the goal of the Unification Church in fighting? They have the concept of fighting for the nation and the world. Establishing a new nation, a new world, a new individual, and a new family is the thought of the Unification Church. Do you understand what I mean? Establishing a new self, a new family, a new nation, and a new world is the main thought of the Unification Church. That is four things. So, have you become a new man? Are you a new man? "I am a new man." What is that new man? It is a person who cannot fall under the conditions of indemnity, a person whom Satan cannot accuse; that is the new man. You must know that. You must know it for sure. You cannot fall under the conditions of indemnity. Do you understand?

So you are a new man, what are you? "I am a new man." Then how will you be recognized? You must have the thought, "If I have to bear the indemnity of the world, I will bear it; if I have to bear the cross of the world, I will bear it; I will die for the world." Then it will be fine. It is simple. 

To do that, no matter how much an individual tries to kill me, I will not change; no matter how many families come and try to stop me, even if they oppose me, I will not change; no matter how many nations attack, I will not change; even if the whole world attacks at once, even if the Satan of heaven and earth unites to attack, even if God attacks, I must not change. That is the kind of person who becomes the new man.

Now, Satan can mobilize individuals, but I will not budge, "Hey, you son of a..." Even if he mobilizes families, I will not budge, "Hey, you son of a..." Even if he mobilizes tribes, I will not budge, "Hey, you son of a..." Even if he mobilizes nations, I will not budge, "Hey, you son of a..." Even if he mobilizes the world and shouts, I must win without budging. The more it happens, the more God will come down. God will come down. Do you understand? Are you new people or old people? "We are new people." Then, I challenge you to hit me. I challenge you to strike and trample and persecute. "Even as an individual, I will not budge. Even as a family, I will not budge. Even if the nation and the world come together to persecute me, I will not budge." You must have that conviction.

Now, can all Unification Church members do that? If all of the Unification Church becomes like that, how great will the sacrifice be? That is why Reverend Moon walks that path, representing the entire Unification Church. Then it will be fine. Therefore, you should just do as you are told. If Reverend Moon does not retreat, even if you die, if you do not retreat and follow, you will have the qualifications of a new man, the qualifications of a new man.

From 1960, it was a time of working centered on the nation for seven years. 

Now, in 1960, God chose a harbor on this earth to establish a family through such complex content of indemnity. You must know that this is an astonishing fact. Therefore, history is from 1960, the era of great transformation. Isn’t that right? Now, it has been 18 years, and can the world change like this in 18 years? Why does it change? The world does not know that it changes because of the history of the Unification Church.

So, who will God hold onto? He can only hold onto the Unification Church after abandoning the free world and Christianity. Do you understand? Do you understand what that means? That is why Unification Church members must know that, just like Jesus was heading toward Golgotha, each must carry their cross and overcome the global Golgotha. Without that, we cannot save the world. You must know that you are walking that path. When you complain about this providential history, saying, "Oh, it’s hard," you must think about how absurd this game is. 

Look. What has God done in the 6,000 years of biblical history? He sent one Messiah. He sent one Messiah. But when we come into the Unification Church, what happens? A family is created, and the authority to have the qualifications of a Messiah and the qualifications of the sun has been established. Think about how astonishing that fact is.

You blessed men are connected to the 6,000 years of history of the Old and New Testaments, and the sun is connected to the 20 years of Unification Church history. Do you now understand how precious your blessing is? Do you understand how terrifying the punishment will be if you break this family? Do you understand? 

Thus, in 1960, God finally chose a harbor on earth and initiated a landing operation. This has been a 21-year course, through which all historical things are being indemnified, both the Old Testament and the New Testament. Therefore, you must fulfill the mission of the Messiah. You must carry out the history of indemnity centered on the Jewish nation. That is a past event, so no matter how much the Messiah comes, he cannot appear again. You must do that work during the period when past events can be settled.
What Jesus came to do must be done again. The Old Testament era must be completed. Because Jesus faced opposition and died, the path of opposition remains. If Jesus had not faced opposition and had established a family, the church, tribes, and nations would have all welcomed Him. However, because He faced opposition, and there is a history of opposition, the Lord who is coming now will also face opposition when trying to find a family. He will be persecuted for having a family. After that, He must embrace tribes and be persecuted, embrace nations and be persecuted, and overcome these challenges. Do you understand?

So, centered on the mother, during the 7-year course... What is the 7-year course? It is a time when, no matter how much Korea opposes the teacher's family, how much they slander the mother, and how much they slander the sons and daughters, it is a time when we must overcome familial persecution and familial tribulation that cannot be broken. Even if the entire family or nation opposes, the mother must not oppose. If the mother opposes, it would be a serious problem. No matter how much the teacher is insulted or imprisoned, he must not complain and must follow, and the sons and daughters must do the same, all of them. Do you understand?

So, centered on the national dimension... During these 7 years, we work centered on the nation. It means laying the national foundation to go to the world. Do you understand what I mean? At the same time, we must create tribal rights. We must create tribal rights. Then that tribe must advance for the nation and the world. They must advance. So, representing the nation and the world, we think we are fighting from a position that represents a global foundation.

With this, based on the 7-year course, on January 1, 1968, the 'Day of God' was established. Why? Because there was no family of God in the Garden of Eden. There was no nation. Right? So, based on that foundation, we can choose the Day of God, the Day of Parents, the Day of Children, and all other days. Do you understand?

Thus, representing this world and the universe, with the declaration of a familial victory, parents and children must be united, in harmony... Parents have not become one, and children have not become one. That must be unified. The Day of Parents, the Day of Children... Furthermore, because everything has not become one, we must serve God on this unified foundation. Do you understand? Because of this, it comes to an end.

Now, during this period, in 1965, what was done was to establish national holy sites and global holy sites. They established 120 holy sites centered on 40 countries. That became a stepping stone for Korea to stand in the will of God, so that land was all grafted in. It was grafted. So, they chose 120 holy sites in 40 countries. Do you understand? The place where the most holy sites were chosen was the United States. Why? Because the final conclusion will be made centered on the United States. Do you understand? The reason is that the United States is where the Abels have gathered. The Protestant church, which is in the position of the younger brother, has all gathered to unite against the Catholic Church, and that united nation is the United States.

The second 7-year course was a time when the children laid the foundation to go to the world. From here, starting from 1968, the second 7-year course transitions into the New Testament era. The Old Testament era ends, and we transition into the New Testament era. The foundation of the victorious family of parents is inherited as a tradition, and then the blessed people of the Unification Church... That is the era of children. The era of Jesus was also the era of children. Because we are entering the era of children, during the second 7-year course, the blessed families of the Unification Church will be attacked. They will be attacked. Satan will attack. Therefore, the blessed families must not oppose their husbands, and the wives must immediately tell their husbands, "We must go as the teacher says," and the sons and daughters must say, "Oh, mother and father, why aren't you doing what the teacher says? I will be an orphan, and I will do whatever it takes to work." Everyone must be in an environment where they can do this. Do you understand?

However, from the 36 families to the 72 families, and then to the 124 families, it was a situation where they were blessed and said they would live well. So, from 1970 to 1972, for three years, it was a must... There was a period of struggle for three years starting from 1960. This could be extended to three and a half years, six months, so in 1970, all the families were expelled. Because of that, confusion arose. Can you take the children with you? So, they would take them to their mother's house, take them to their sister's house... Who would take the children of parents? So, if they couldn't, they would just take them to an orphanage... They scattered all the families. The husbands went their way, the wives went their way, and they all separated. They would jump over the walls of relatives' houses at night and leave the children behind, and all kinds of things happened.

So, imagine how much the teacher was insulted. "That person is not human. They are like a beast. Where in the world is there a way to do this? They said they would bless us, and now look at this," and the opposition was severe. This Unification Church! This Unification Church! You crazy people! Crazy men, crazy women... But it had to be done. If I had done that in British society, I would have been beaten to death. Korea has endured because it has trained in suffering for thousands of years. Do you understand?

So, for three years, the entire nation opposed, and there was a fire of opposition, but they all understood that it was for the nation. So, at first, everyone opposed, but they had to save the nation... At that time, the crisis of Kim Il-sung's invasion was becoming increasingly urgent, so later on, everyone had to unite with the Unification Church to defeat communism. Although the established churches opposed, the Korean people all came to the belief that they could not do without the Unification Church. Do you understand what I mean?

So, because we entered this dimension, as soon as the second 7-year course ended, the third 7-year course had to start, so on December 18, 1971, the global start was made. The second 7-year course ends in 1974. So, it started three years earlier. So, how did it leave? Even though the blessed families were persecuted in all sorts of ways, they did not break, so they can be entrusted with Korea without breaking. It means that it can be entrusted to Korea with confidence. Do you understand?

So, I came to America, and while doing the groundwork, until the end of the second 7-year course in 1974, we must complete the Christian era, the New Testament era. That becomes the global foundation. It must be connected to the world. Why? Because the mission of the Unification Church is global, it cannot just be a national standard. We must complete the New Testament era that can connect with the world. So, in 1972, 73, and 74, we must set the conditions that the entire Christian community in America welcomed me, and that America welcomed me. So, receiving numerous proclamations, that became a bundle. In 1974, we achieved great victory and emerged.

We must unite with the government and subdue Christianity. Korean Christianity and world Christianity are one. This must be connected. So, although there was opposition in Korea, there was support in America, and because the mission of Christianity is a global mission, it was possible to indemnify and restore what was opposed nationally. So, God established the condition that He won on a national standard and a global standard. America completely welcomed it.

And we must connect all the foundations established in Western society to Korea. We must do the work of connecting. So, I took all the mobilization teams created here and re-entered Korea in March 1975. What does that mean? It means that we must not only connect spiritually but also physically, based on the victorious foundation established in Western society. Entering like that, people from all over the world united with the Unification Church and subdued Korea. So, we rose to the national standard.

At that time, what was happening was that the government and Christianity were enemies. The government was at odds with Christianity. So, who entered among them? I entered. Our Unification Church entered. To complete the New Testament era, since there was opposition centered on Jesus at the national level, we must establish the condition of becoming one with the government.

Look. Christianity and the government were enemies, they hated each other, but the Unification Church went to fight against Christianity, so the government came to our side. So, the government united with us, and Christianity... The government fully supported us, saying, "Reverend Moon, do well, international mobilization teams, do well." They clashed with Christianity. From Busan, Christianity put all its efforts into it. It was a total war. The Unification Church also put in all its efforts, and Christianity did the same... They clashed completely in every place they went, completely wiping them out.

By doing this, in the time of Jesus, Judaism became one with the state and became one with Rome to kill Jesus, but in contrast, America and Korea laid the foundation of support... With the support of the Jewish nation and Rome, Judaism killed Jesus, which is the opposite. With the support of America, and the victorious foundation in America, and Korea welcoming it, they subdued Christianity with the Unification Church. They subdued Christianity in contrast to the time of Jesus. It is exactly the opposite. Do you understand what I mean?

Because a foundation was laid like that... Therefore, the spiritual global Christian foundation can now enter a new era that can start from a physical victorious national foundation into the physical world. After that, we will confront the physical aspect centered on the Yankee Stadium event and the Washington event. We will confront it in reality.

The Washington event was the final battle with Satan. 

So, all the groundwork was done in America. Therefore, the teacher's full-scale activities in America began on April 30, 1974. To start in earnest, I needed a green card. Modern Rome is America, and the ancient Rome was a country that served the sun god and various deities, but America is a country that stands within the realm of God centered on Christianity. It does not oppose religion. It is different.

Ancient Rome tried to destroy the nation of Israel, but now America is trying to save Korea. It is the exact opposite. It is trying to save Korea. It is opposition, exactly opposition. And since it cannot oppose, it pushes forward with the same standard as Rome, pushing forward. (Laughs) Thus, from this time until today, September 18, 1976... It has been exactly three years and six months. From that time, the full-scale activities in America began.

So, I came to take responsibility for the providence of world restoration and finally appeared in public to give a major lecture starting from America. I have never done it in Korea. So, as I push forward, there will definitely be opposition. They must oppose. Therefore, until 1974 is the period of the second 7-year course, and from here, starting from 1973, I prepared. I prepared the foundation to go to the world. It was a year ahead. 

Among that, I had to prepare. You must understand that. That period doubles. That period internally becomes the third 7-year course... Here, the second 7-year course, completing the New Testament era, at the same time, I prepared to start the third 7-year course from 1975. Do you understand what I mean?

So, centered around 1976, originally, I had planned for three years until 1977, but I pulled it forward and finished the Yankee Stadium event and the Washington event all in 1976. Thinking about that, it was really good that it rained during the Yankee Stadium event. If it hadn't, it would have been extended for another year and done in 1977. It was a resurrection event, a resurrection event. From this time, I entered into the full-scale battle as part of the third 7-year course.

So, I pulled everything to go into the third 7-year course and fought for three years centered on the American government. Also, the communists joined in and fought. From a providential perspective, this is really good. This should come out after the democratic world becomes one, but fighting against me from the beginning is a strategy God is using to shorten the restoration providence.

Centered on the Washington event, the American government, the State Department, the Justice Department, and the Ministry of Justice all opposed. They all opposed. The whole world opposed, and a movement to expel Reverend Moon was launched. The entire world opposed. During that period, they sent all the missionaries, and in the second year, in 1975, 76, in the second year, they made it possible to clash completely, so that the whole world could confront me. Thus, in the face of opposition, receiving total attacks from the entire world, centered on the Washington event, we made a breakthrough. Here, based on the conditions of indemnity for individuals, families, tribes, nations, and the world, we completely settled and moved on. Do you understand? Since the Unification Church was established, this was the final battle that Satan waged to push the Unification Church.

Look. If the Washington event had failed, they would have pulled Bohee at that time to do it directly, all of them. Then it would have been extended for two years. It would have been extended to that extent. This person (the interpreter) did not know, but I heard all the reports and was going to do that. Such a thing, heaven and earth going back and forth, the world going back and forth, the path of restoration that the Unification Church has walked until now, all the paths I have walked in my life have gone back and forth, think about how serious it must have been. Do you understand?

And the Washington event was not planned for one year or three years, but it was a hundred-day period. The Yankee Stadium event was on June 1, 1976. June 1, how many days is that? Since it is September 18, how many days is it? About a hundred days, right? Planning that event during that period... Also, it seemed that the Yankee Stadium event had failed, and all the spirits were dead, and it was a complete mess. So, everyone there... How many days was it that we received permission from the Washington Park Service? "It was 40 days before." Exactly 40 days before the event, right? We had to receive that permission to prepare everything, so we started exactly 40 days before. So, during those 40 days...

Then, while preparing and publishing everything, after 20 days, after three weeks, everyone gathered... They planned to mobilize 500,000 people, but how many could they gather? They said they could only gather 8,000 people. So, how frustrated must that have been? (Laughs) "Can't you gather 300,000 or 500,000? You crazy people! You crazy people!" So, the Washington Park Service was just a complete mystery. American public opinion was that if the Unification Church failed, it would fall apart, and it would enter a trap that the government and the State Department could manipulate. (Laughs)

So, think about how serious it was for the teacher. I was on a tuna fishing boat in Boston, but did I have thoughts of catching tuna? Do you understand what I mean? So, thinking it was a restroom...
The person who is going says they go to bed and urinate several times. (Laughter) Now, the world is all in a stir... When I was leaving for the Washington convention, it was easier for a condemned prisoner to go to the execution site; it was miserable. Do you understand what I mean? But it was successful... God blessed it, and a dream-like event unfolded. It was a resurrection from hell, a resurrection from hell. Do you understand? 

With the victory of the Washington conference, Abel was able to attack Cain. So, even the Washington authorities suddenly found it impossible to intervene. When did Reverend Moon lay this foundation through the citizens and minorities...? They couldn’t touch it. So, they carried out an extended operation. They thoroughly tightened the noose globally, deciding that they had to cut off the head. Congressman Fraser was the representative of that play. The communists, Jews, Christians, and the U.S. government all joined forces to attack. 

As a result, it was announced that we were entering a new era, a new providential age on February 23, 1977. Do you understand what that means? It was the era when Cain was attacking Abel, but Abel was always conservative, and Cain was always aggressive; it was reversed. From that time on, it was "Attack Congressman Fraser!" It meant I could attack. 

Through our actions, because of Carter, our defense turned into an offense. It became a reversal. (Applause) Until now, the courtroom has been a tool of Satan, but now it has become a time when God can use it. So, we sued Congressman Fraser, we sued the New York Times, and lawsuits were initiated. Sue them all in Japan! Sue them in Korea! Sue the opposing factions in Korea! Do you understand? That’s why it’s a new era. Do you understand? That’s why it’s a new era. A new era, now we are entering such a time. 

So, this year is the second year after the Washington conference... The second year in three years is always a decisive time, so centered around Congressman Fraser, the two-year critical point... I was here for 120 days, and even that number matched perfectly. During those 120 days, how I spent the two months, 60 days, or 70 days... If it goes beyond two months, it goes beyond 60 days. If it surpasses 120 days, everything will be fine. I finished everything that took four years when I came. 

Now, the reason Congressman Fraser lost in the election is that the world knows he fought against Reverend Moon. Writing an article spanning four pages in a newspaper in one day will be recorded in world history. That’s the final offensive of the media, the final offensive of the media; those bastards, the communists who were happy that Fraser would win, the Washington Post, and all those newspapers were swept away at once. They broke their necks. (Laughter) How could it be so precarious... They lost in the final battle. When Jacob was fighting, he held on, and since he couldn’t win, the angel broke his hip, but he didn’t let go. And then he blessed him. It was a fight like that. Just like Jacob fought, (Applause) Reverend Moon will not lose no matter how much they oppose him; he is very clever. I don’t know if God is helping him, but he is clever. "There is no benefit in fighting Reverend Moon. He is the most terrifying person," that letter was attached. (Laughter, Applause) 

Thus, the nominal completion of the Old Testament, the completion of the New Testament, and the completion of the age of the covenant have all been completed. Therefore, you must believe and go out and fight! If you do that, there will be victory! He also said that to Bohee, fight like David against Goliath! Think about fighting Congressman Fraser. That’s an impossible game. It’s the first time in 200 years of history. When it comes to the U.S. Congress, the world is afraid; this is treated like something that came from a village... Compared to that, David is great, David is. Before Goliath... 

Now, we stand in the name of God. You stand in the name of humanity and America; we stand in the name of God and the Lord of the universe. Theism, the spirit world and the whole are united... That was really interesting. The third round, the fourth round, they ran away in the fourth round. The Washington conference was the subjectively significant conference that allowed such results to happen. 

As a result, the communist world can no longer do as it pleases, the democratic world can no longer do as it pleases, and Christianity can no longer do as it pleases... Now, in terms of power, we have become lions, so it has become an era where everyone must follow. Roaring lion! (Applause) Roaring lion, is it a male lion or a female lion? "It’s a male lion." (Laughter) How terrifying it is, quietly... (He makes a facial expression. Laughter) We are quietly here. We are quietly here. We are quietly here, you know. But everyone is afraid. Wherever Reverend Moon goes, the government goes "Ah..." wherever he goes. (He makes a facial expression) It’s the same in Japan. Wherever he goes, it’s all... (Laughter, Applause) 

We must take responsibility for the communism that is a problem in every country. Now, in Korea, if you oppose me, you will be labeled as a traitor, and when the upper and lower classes all become teachers, they will welcome you as a state guest. Look. At the same time as establishing the will of heaven’s providence, Korea was pulled out from captivity. It’s tremendous; you must understand that something enormous is happening behind the scenes that you cannot see. 

Before that event ends, I came to England and laid the foundation for 120 days, so based on this foundation, whoosh... Do you understand? In an environment that does not oppose, how much did the teacher want to work? In such a situation, it is the teacher’s wish to work even for 24 hours. That time has come. (The recording cuts off for a moment) 

Now the teacher is returning to Korea. On the way back to Korea, England did not treat the teacher as poorly as America did. That’s why they blessed him in Europe. This time, the engagement was a secondary blessing. Do you understand? You must know that we are entering a new era, a new era. You must understand that we are in a time when the third seven-year course is ending. If done well, when this third seven-year course ends, we will enter a dimension where we can deal with the Soviet Union. Do you understand what I mean? 

There are communist issues in England, communist issues in America, communist issues in Europe, communist issues in Africa, and communist issues in South America; who will take responsibility for this? It must be Reverend Moon. You must have courage and go out and fight before Europe unites. If you go out and fight, they will automatically cooperate. 

That’s why we have been continuously engaged in anti-communist activities regarding communism until now. So, communism has shifted from global communism to national communism, and now it is entering into ethnic communism. The communist parties fight among countries. They are fighting globally and nationally. So, we are entering the era of ethnic communism; it’s the last. We must overcome the ethnic age, surpass the national age, and rise to the global age, knowing that communism will hand over its power as it goes down. 

Let’s fundamentally achieve world unity centered on the love of the family. Now, we are saying that we should solve the issue of European unity and world unity fundamentally centered on marriage, based on God’s love. Are we doing that or not? "We are doing that." When we had the engagement ceremony in Europe, was it two pairs among the British? Was there only one pair...? Was there one pair between a Scotsman and an Irishman? They all mixed it up. (Laughter) So, you see, just because Reverend Moon... "This German to the Jews..." right? "Oh, Reverend Moon, thank you. I am grateful that my groom is German." They think like this. (Laughter) Think about that. 

So, from the perspective of the spirit world, how happy would the ancestors be! How happy would the various colored races be! (Laughter) Think about it. Until now, in the spirit world, whites were with whites, blacks were with blacks, and the spirit world was all divided. Yellow races were all growling at each other... This time, since they are all doing this on the ground, they are all softening and becoming one. Unity is unfolding. Therefore, it becomes one world. It becomes one world. "As it is done in heaven, let it be done on earth" is happening in the spirit world, so it is happening on earth. You must understand that. So, did the teacher do a great work? How is it? "He did a great work." (Applause) 

Therefore, unless we make one in the spirit world, we cannot become one on earth. If we cannot become one on earth, we cannot become one in the spirit world. It’s a shared destiny. Now, look. Westerners wanting to marry Easterners, and Easterners wanting to marry Westerners is a very good thing. 

What does that mean? It means the spirit world is rotating between the Western and Eastern hemispheres. It rotates. Your hearts are not your hearts. Since heavenly fortune rotates like that, you also rotate like that. That’s why Reverend Moon plays the role of a mediator, a mediator. I light the fuse on this dynamite. Now, does gunpowder made in Germany and gunpowder made in England not explode because they are enemies? If you light the fuse, "Boom!" it all explodes. 

Love, too, will explode if you light the fuse. It can be stronger. It can be stronger. Such things are happening. 

From now on, you will attack the satanic world with love centered on the family. You will attack this corrupt satanic world with the family. Do you understand? So, you must destroy all the corrupt animalistic families of the free world. You must break them all. You must break them all; they are not going to collapse while saying, "Oh, I am collapsing," but rather, while collapsing, they are saying they are happy. "Oh, how good, oh how good." Do you understand what I mean? That time has come. So, I told you to do the home church movement, which can move families, tribes, and nations all at once. Do you understand? If this is completed, if this is established, it is a time when the world can be drawn in, a time when I can say I can establish heaven. 

Believe like a bear, foolishly. Now that we have laid the foundation for victory inside and out, they do not oppose you. They do not oppose you. They welcome you. On the day they oppose you, we will receive compensation for damages. They will collapse quickly, quickly. Believe this! "Yes." Will you believe it or not? "I will believe it." These Americans, the seminary students, these pragmatists, if you ask the responsible people, "Do you have any benefit in fighting Congressman Fraser?" they will say, "No, no, no." "How about what the teacher is doing? Is there any benefit?" they will say, "No, no, no." Did you do that, or did the teacher do that? The teacher is the only foolish one, a foolish person, but now they are saying, "Oh, this could be possible." (Laughter) Right? What about you, you bastards? "That’s right." You should swallow England whole. There are so many people... What is this, so many? What is this, so many? The teacher has been fighting alone. Do you understand? We must sweep it away. 

Only then will you have the qualification of being direct sons and daughters who met the teacher and received his guidance; otherwise, what qualification do you have? You bastards! Do you understand? Believe and be foolish like a bear. Do you know what a bear does? A bear climbs a tree and then falls down to see. Whether it dies or lives... If it falls and dies, it dies, and if it lives, it lives... (Laughter) Then all sorts of things happen. All sorts of things happen. That time has come. 

Look. Everything the teacher said has happened, right? I see how the world is changing. Today, talking about how history has come to be is a simple story, but how difficult and terrifying the content is. You must think about it. Would a historian think like that? Would a politician think like that? Who would think like that? This is because the theory matches reality, and the history the teacher practiced is perfectly aligned, so you must recognize that you stand on an authoritative tower that cannot be denied. Now you understand how precious the teacher is, right? "Yes." Do you understand how precious it is to receive orders from him? "Yes." 

Now, within two or three days, I will leave here. Where will I go next? Until December, you will be with Dennis... I am thinking of tennis rather than thinking of Dennis (the president of the British association), tennis. When I hit the ball, "Bang!" I hit it, and if I do this, you must receive it and pass it back; that’s what you must do. That’s why it’s called tennis. (Laughter) Do you understand what I mean? (Laughter, Applause) 

So, since the teacher has laid the foundation for 120 days, starting today, I have commanded, "Attack!" from today. So, from today, prepare and within a week... At the Washington conference, we prepared for two to three weeks, but in this small town, we must break it all within a week. To do this... Do you understand? Will you do it or not? "We will do it." If you create that atmosphere completely in England over the next three months, I will come back here again. (Applause) Good. Don’t shout out loud with applause; do it quietly inside. Do you understand? 

Taking care of the spiritual, internal, external, and overall, we have completed all the preparatory work for history, laid the rails, and then made all the locomotives and created the steering wheel so that God can take control and drive it. After that, we even lit the fire; can’t we do it? Now, will we drive excitedly, or will we drive while dozing off? "Oh, stop for a moment. Oh, stop at the station. Why don’t you stop and keep going?" Will you want to keep going and going? How is it? (Laughter) At first, it was serious, but then it becomes, "Wow, this is exciting. Hahaha, this is good." That’s how it becomes. 

What use is it to commemorate this day? What use is it to commemorate a commemorative day? We must have a commemorative ceremony to be better than that. Will you do that? "Yes." Where? "In London." When you say "Run," it brings back memories. When you say "Dun," it feels like something nostalgic has fallen. Will you do it? "Yes." So, we must resurrect, resurrect. So, when you say "London," it brings a feeling of sleepiness, but now a name like "Livingdon" must emerge. Do you understand what I mean? Do it like that. 

Now, this time, for three months, my back has been hurting... Here, Michael says his back hurts, but I will go and see how it feels to have a hurting back; I will go and see how it feels to have a hurting back. Oh, I must not let my two eyes sleep, so I will sleep with one eye and keep one eye open...
I will see, and this is what it means to move. What if someone says I'm crazy? Even if they say I'm crazy, I would prefer to have a golden plate and hold onto diamonds, even if I'm crazy. Do you understand? Do you want to try it once? "Yes." That's how it is done.

So, we need to increase the number of family members by more than three times. Yes, it has been extended for three months, three months. Originally, I was going to finish this in 120 days and leave, but it has been extended. I was planning to do this work and leave within 120 days, you see, teacher. Do you understand what I mean? Now, I hope you will work hard like that. Thank you very much. (Applause)

Now, don't think about meeting you all. This is a farewell. Don't forget what we talked about today. Don't say a word, Bohee! Say a word about the Washington Monument competition. If you have something to say about the Washington competition, say it. (Chairman Park Bohee speaks)

Since I have suffered as you do, think of it as the teacher participating in what I have suffered when you suffer.

Is it a bit cool over there? Is the air conditioning running over there? We should at least have a fan back there. It seems like they want you to sweat because you came from a cold place, right? (Laughter) If it's too hot, that's not good either. You shouldn't have a hot head.

I started my path in a place where everyone dislikes and opposes me.

Now, let me excuse myself. I need to take this off. I know it's rude, but I'd rather talk without sweating than talk while sweating. Please forgive me. "Yes." Teachers, please forgive me. Will you forgive me? "It's okay." Thank you. If a pastor does this, I think God would reprimand him, but I believe the God I know would forgive me, so... Drinking a glass of water and starting is a habit. (Laughter)

Our Unification Church members know that when the teacher comes, he brings good news, but there is no good news. I am in a position to guide young people, so I am skilled at motivating young people. (Laughter) So, I apologize to the older gentlemen, but please forgive me.

One thing I felt while coming this time is that I traveled from London to Tokyo and then to Korea, and somehow, the homeland feels strange. The homeland doesn't have to be particularly beautiful or special, but it feels strange. As soon as I stepped onto Korean soil, I felt an indescribable affection.

Therefore, whether America is good or Britain is good or wherever is good, we must take pride in the fact that Korea, where you live now, is good. Those who dislike Korea will not find a good place anywhere in the world. Leaving one's homeland is extremely miserable. No matter how good things are in America or anywhere else, I want to introduce to you that Korea is the best. (Applause)

I would like to talk longer, but since it's hot, I will try to keep it short. Should we keep it short or long? "Long." If it's long, it could go for twelve hours... fourteen hours, even fifteen hours, there are records of that, should I get started again?

What I want to say to you today is 'the destiny of restoration,' the destiny of restoration. Those who are here for the first time may not understand this well. "Where is the destiny of restoration? I don't even know my own destiny, let alone the destiny of restoration?" They might think. Furthermore, in the terminology of the Unification Church, it is called the destiny of restoration, but from the perspective of general religions, like Christianity, it can be seen as the destiny of providence. Let's talk about that content.

What is destiny? In Korean terms, those who read fortunes say that you have to be born with it, that's how they see it. Therefore, it is the path of destiny. The destiny of providence, in the terminology of the Unification Church, is the destiny of restoration. Since I believe that all of you have heard the principles, I will speak about the overall outline.

The person speaking here is not particularly good-looking. I am blunt, and when I go to places like Japan or America, I hear rumors that I am like a log. Even though I am not good-looking, everyone in the Unification Church says that we cannot do without the teacher. So, there are many times when I wonder if that is true. Whether they are older people or young people, even children, when they say "teacher," it seems like everyone likes it. But that doesn't mean everyone feels that way. So, how about those who came tonight? Do you like the teacher? "Yes." Thank you. (Laughter)

Having an individual body is the same. I was born as the son of a farmer in Jeongju, Pyonganbuk-do, Korea. As time went on, I pondered what God's will was, and eventually, I became who I am today. In this world, I wanted to play freely like others, and even if I couldn't play freely with others, I wanted to fight happily. If I was born a man, I wanted to do what I wanted, but what have I done until now? I've been insulted, insulted. The person named Moon in the Unification Church has been rumored to be seducing women and doing all sorts of things, dancing naked, and all sorts of rumors have spread. I thought it was only like that in small Korea, but it turned out that the whole world was like that because of this little Korean land.

So, when I go to Japan, the Japanese treat me as a neighbor, and wherever I go, I am treated as an outsider. When they go to their own country, they don't see it as bringing blessings but rather as bringing trouble. Therefore, what have I done throughout my life? I have spread such rumors. Wherever I go, when I go to Japan, the Japanese dislike me and oppose me, and when I go to America, the Americans dislike me and oppose me. As I went along like that, there was no limit, no limit. When was it that this became a global issue? It was in 1976. Do you understand what I mean? 1976.

Someone has to pioneer the path of restoration.

So, why did I do such things? Did I do it because I was not as good as others? Did I do it because I liked being insulted? Why did I do it? If you ask that question, the answer is simple. I did not do it according to my own will. I did not do it for myself. The issue is simple. I did not do it for any of my desires, nor did I do it with any ambitions or hopes. I simply did this because I knew more about Heaven than anyone else.

I understood who God is and how God has established many religions throughout history and what direction He wants to take and what end He wants to reach. Through the historical providential process and historical view of religion, I realized that humanity has not been able to take responsibility for what it should. Many prophets and sages have come and gone in the past, but they only fulfilled part of their mission and the mission of one era. From the beginning of humanity, through the historical era, after judging the destiny of the end, no one has been able to present a hopeful path that anyone can affirm about how the new ideal path of humanity is connected. This fact is, of course, the responsibility of the Korean people, and I realized that any country that is considered a developed nation, such as Japan or America, must also bear that responsibility.

Therefore, I realized that someone must stand in a position that transcends the world and transcends ethnicity and must fulfill a mission in any era. Because I understood this, I felt a sense of mission to connect the path of providential destiny, or in other words, the path of restoration in the history of the Unification Church, from growing up in the countryside to reaching the top of the world.

So, from my teenage years... our character is like that. We don't lose to anyone when it comes to playing. My head is not that bad. My physique is not that bad either, and I can do anything. Even in a fight, I cannot lose. In any sport, there is no event I don't place in the top three. I have talent in every aspect. Given that I was born with such a mind and body, I would think, like today's young people, "Oh, I wish I could be president. I wish I could be a member of parliament," but I couldn't even dream of such things.

I understood that someone must pioneer this path of destiny that remains in human history, and I knew that there is a God who must realize this mission. Then, when I pondered the question of "Who will do that?" I could not find anyone who would say, "I will do it." So, I, born in this ugly land of Korea, which is poor and struggling, thought I would give it a try.

But what do the Korean people say? They say, "That's wrong." What do Asian people say? They say, "Who are you?" Today, Western people say, "What is Reverend Moon?" Americans say, "With whites at the center, the whole world is being manipulated by us, and Korea is busy begging and struggling, so what are you doing in such a place?"

However, how did I, living in Korea, have the confidence to do such things? This path is not an easy one. If it is difficult, it is the most difficult, and if it is scary, it is the scariest. Everything is the best. If it is good, it is the best, what is it? Huh? "..." My mouth is interpreting. If it is good, it is the best? "Good." Good, and if it is bad? "The worst." (The recording cuts off for a moment) If it is a fight between life and death, it is the most urgent and desperate fight in history. That is what it is. Therefore, from the very beginning, I made a firm determination and resolution... If there is a nylon belt, even if I tie a few cows to it, it may stretch, but it is so hard that several nylon belts may break. Do you understand what I mean?

We must pave the way for God to walk.

So, the association president says, "Teacher, you don't even know how to eat when you go to England..." but do I really not know how to eat? Why wouldn't I know how to eat? I know well when I'm hungry. I have a watch, so I know what time it is. But why should it be like that? In a world where men are living well, they should be able to stretch their legs and sleep, play, eat, and rest, so what sin have I committed to have to do this? When I think about these issues, the problem is simple. It was because I wanted to walk the path of providential destiny. That's why I was insulted, and that's why rumors spread...

Numerous countries and numerous ethnicities must launch a total attack at some point. Without a total attack, it will not end. So, even if I don't want to, since I was born in Korea and started walking this path... Who would say they like receiving such a total attack? Even if I absolutely hate it, God will carry out a total attack. I went out with a flag in front of that total attack.

For example, when someone is building a bridge, they design it and set up pillars, and when the water is low during the dry season, anyone can sit on the sandy beach and look at the river, and it may seem easy to build that bridge. People might think it is easy, but those who know the seasons know that "we must set a safe standard centered around the time when the floods are the worst. Only then can we overcome any difficult season, whether it be spring, summer, autumn, or winter, no matter how much it rains." 

Then humanity goes... If it is God's providence, when paving the way for God to walk, can it be done with what humans think is "good enough"? It cannot. Even if humans say it is the best and that it is sufficient, they are standing in a position where that is not enough.

So, from the very beginning, I was prepared for death, whether my head breaks forward, backward, or sideways, it doesn't matter. The question of how to fulfill this task has been my lifelong thought. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Today, so-called civilized countries in the late 20th century boast about what they should have. They say they need to have good cars, and the country is clamoring to pave highways. Is paving that highway easy? To pave that highway, countless economic resources must be consumed, and many sacrifices must be made, and blood must be shed.

Even with a road that cars can travel, people live and die, and think about a country marching forward, with a staggering 4 billion people rushing along. How big must that be? How strong must it be? When you think about those issues, I hope you feel that it is indeed a difficult path.

Then, when paving that road, if we talk about providential destiny, that destiny includes the whole world. The universe is included, and God is included. Everything is included. It is not that one part goes south and the other part goes north. Everything must be connected, from individuals to families, tribes, nations, and the world. This is a path that not only the people of today's earthly world must take but also the spirits who have passed away must follow. Only then can it be called the providential path centered on God. Only then can we attach the title of destiny to it; there can be no exceptions.

This path must be taken by a specific person, and at the same time, that specific person must be connected to the destiny of a specific nation. That specific nation must be connected to a cultural sphere, whether it is Asia, Europe, the Middle East, or South America, and there must be a path that flows out from that background.

Religion must be connected to the path that can meet God and develop into the world.

To pave such a path, God has established religions throughout the course of human history. That religion must be a path that individuals go on, that families go on... This must become a path in the long historical process. And through that path, anyone must fulfill the purpose of religion and must be able to connect with God if God exists. They must be able to connect. It cannot just be between humans, just between humans. If it is just between humans, as they meet, it will develop into an increasingly harsh era, and religion will naturally decline. God must be seen! From this perspective, it must be connected to a global path.

To fulfill such a mission, God has been working through history. This must select chosen individuals through the chosen family, and based on the selected family, a chosen tribe must be established. After establishing the chosen tribe, a chosen nation must be formed, and after forming the chosen nation, it must develop into a chosen world. This is the principle.

Then, how do we know whether the facts that have been passed down over thousands of years are real or fake? How do we know if that path is the true path? Even in Christianity, there are over 400 denominations, each claiming their God is the only one.
This is God. These days, the Presbyterian denominations, even as they are collapsing, are still claiming that God is theirs. Even when they are facing destruction and are on the brink of crisis, they are making a fuss about the Lord coming centered around their churches. Is that true? That is a riddle.

How can a religion that lacks universality be connected to world culture, world trends, and world history, and instill new hope and images for the future? Is there such a religion? No, there isn’t. It is ambiguous from the beginning, ambiguous in the process, and ambiguous in the future. It just flows away in ambiguity. They don’t even know if God exists or not. I dislike such religions. I am an enemy of such religions. Such religions should be swept away from the earth. This is not Reverend Moon’s words but God’s words. 'If you cannot sweep them away, I will sweep them away!' I am aware of that notification.

For this reason, Christianity today has taken on a global religious form after World War II, creating a UN that represents the democratic world and dreaming of an ideal. However, this has been completely handed over to the communist bloc. The religious people of this world know that this is also a whip of God’s judgment and they must awaken and repent. They need to repent. Because they do not repent, people like us are being used to beat them with a club. Yes, first, since my forehead hurts, I need to wipe my forehead, and while wiping my forehead, I lose my senses and fall down saying, 'Oh, please save me!' Even a club-wielder like that needs to come out. Do you understand what I mean?

If someone is sick, they should hurry to call a doctor. I can say sweet words or flatter someone to avoid being scolded. I know how to avoid being scolded. I also know how to flatter. I can even analyze the psychology of what a person would be like if they looked like that. That’s why I went to Japan this time and got 1,610 couples engaged in just two days. Do you have confidence to match 1,610 couples in two days? (Laughter, applause) Even if you say it’s a lot, 1,610 couples means a total of 3,220 people, and making 3,220 match cards in two days is difficult. 

The reason I can do such a thing is that I am a dictator, a king. They say I am like Hitler, Mussolini, or Stalin. What Hitler, Mussolini, or Stalin did was pay people to work for them, but what Reverend Moon of the Unification Church does is eat up their salaries while making them work. If that’s the case, what’s wrong with it? (Laughter) They are just jealous because they can’t do it themselves. That’s what I think.

Just because a Korean did that, why should Koreans be jealous? How is it? Is the taste in your ears good or bad? “It’s good.” If the taste in your ears is bad, then die, I say! That’s a lack of patriotism. This country, which was about to die, became a coward, and now, at a time when the 38th parallel is dividing life and death, a person like me is being established globally to lead Korea in a good direction, and Koreans should be happy about that. Instead of lamenting that they should die, they complain that someone named Moon is telling them to die… That’s why I get scolded. (Laughter) If I say such things, I will get scolded every time, so I say it in public.

For example, here are the Americans, (Laughter) look. 'Oh, what is this, a global conference…' so many nations have gathered to solve a riddle at Reverend Moon’s conference. 'What kind of person is that? He came from Korea, so he must be neither black nor white, only yellow.' (Laughter) They say he doesn’t even look interesting. That’s the truth. When you see a Korean, is there any characteristic whether they are white or black? Their faces are flat. Their hair is yellow, they look just like a grass plant living in the shade. (Laughter) That’s right.

That kind of person comes and causes a stir in American society in a short period, and from the White House to the State Department, FBI, CIA, all are in a frenzy… The fight is a wonderful fight. If this were to stay hidden, like a toad or a mole, it would be nice to live quietly, but this is out in the open making a loud noise. It must be done out in the open, making a loud noise, like making rice cakes.

Look. The young men and women of America are sick. It’s not just the young men and women of America who are sick; the country of America is collapsing. It is rotting and collapsing. This won’t last long, this country! Since all of America is sick, is there a doctor? They are all sick themselves. There is none, so they need to go to the sick house and call a doctor. But when they try to call a doctor, there are none… If all the Americans die, it would be a big deal, so out of pity, God sent Reverend Moon. (Applause) That’s a remarkable thing.

Now, a fire has broken out all over America, so they should call the fire department, but since everything is on fire, the fire station itself is on fire. If the fire station itself is on fire, is there any chance to put out someone else's fire? Everything is on fire. So, they have no choice but to call the fire department from outside, and God has called Reverend Moon from Korea as the fire chief. (Applause)

So, in this situation where everything is upside down and you can’t see ahead, there is no choice but to sprinkle this all over… So, in doing so, I have done something to be scolded. Isn’t that right? I could also sit quietly like those doctors and think while writing something. (Laughter) But when will there be time? There must be time. This is a charge battle, and I hope to do it quickly, so I have no choice but to hurry.

To become a core member of the Unification Church and to truly understand through the spiritual world.

So what are we trying to do? Is there something hanging on my butt, or something growing in my pocket? What is growing? There are police detectives following me around, (Laughter) and the FBI and CIA are all looking through telescopes wherever I go… This is remarkable. Did I steal from them, or what did I do? (Laughter)

Even when I went to America, I didn’t eat even a penny… I am a person who doesn’t want to eat American food, who doesn’t want to spend American money. Then they would say, 'How can you live for several years and still lie… That’s a blatant lie,' but I did spend it. Even so, 'Oh, did you use Korean money? If there are such people here… That’s not Korean money. Got it? (Laughter) I used money from another country. Then where did that money come from? I prepared all that money. I didn’t steal. I didn’t rob a bank.

When I first came and spent like that, it was a rush… Reverend Moon, who didn’t steal anything, is said to have taken all the young people and made them into slaves? They did a good job of propaganda. If you say exploitation, people will pay attention; if you don’t say exploitation, will they pay attention? (Laughter) That’s all a strategy. It’s a propaganda tactic.

I met the religion editor of the New York Times and told him. I said I could raise 15 million dollars in cash immediately, and I could have a bank account within a week. Why? Because in America, if you don’t have money, they won’t acknowledge you. (Laughter) Especially, what would they recognize a Korean for? Even professors need to be good-looking to be acknowledged. Isn’t that right? No matter how skilled you are, if your nose is flat, your ears are turned back, and you are short, no one will recognize you. That’s why a signboard is necessary.

So, for Koreans like us to work in America, can we do it without a signboard? So, I had no choice but to buy Belvedere and East Garden. I bought them with cash. Now, this is also a riddle. You know, making money in America is really hard. 

Why is this person acting like this? (Laughter) Don’t take it too seriously. I dislike that the most. When you look at it, all the journalists are like that. (Laughter)

While fighting, there’s nothing left, and while fighting, there’s only running away. Isn’t that right? There’s only running away. But now, the Unification Church’s Moon cannot even run away anymore. He has become so famous that wherever he goes, everyone knows him. When he gets on a plane, the stewardesses come right away and ask, 'What would you like to eat, Reverend Moon?' Who did this advertising? I dislike advertising.

All of this was done by the devils of the satanic world. It was done by the people of the satanic world more than by our Unification Church. So, the infamous Moon, the infamous Moon of the late 20th century. But the members of the Unification Church like that infamous Moon? “Yes.” So, since they like that infamous Moon, they are the infamous Unification Church! (Laughter) They say that’s good, still. (Laughter) That’s how it is. Since they are made into a group with the teacher, they must think that’s good. This is something that no scholar can understand even after researching for hundreds of years. You have to become a true core member of the Unification Church and connect with the spiritual world to know this taste and understand the content.

There are doctors here, and I don’t know if professors or church people have come, but although they are called professors, the word professor is the worst word when you think about it. What happens if you just add 'great' to it? Excuse me, (gesturing) “Having lived my whole life, that infamous Moon is called a professor, and it feels bad!” But they still say it’s good, those gentlemen. Just try it once. Then you can think differently. “Wow, this life has changed! Since I became a professor,” and if they think they raised their students wrong and ended up in such a position, they can humbly reflect and truly become professors. Isn’t that right? If you reverse 'professor,' what does it become? “Student.” If you change the word a little, it becomes 'hard work.' 'Student' means communication. So, it’s a good word either way.

The grateful ophthalmologist from Ilshim Hospital.

So, do you like the teacher? “Yes.” How much? “A lot.” Would you love me as much as your own eye? Would you love me intensely? That’s how it is. Since we are talking about eyes today, you know, did the teacher get into a fight with someone at the airport while flying? I might not even know if I got hit! My eyes are a bit red. Do you want to know? I got into a fight on the way here. Do you want to know what kind of fight it was? “Yes.”

What kind of fight was it? I went to Ilshim Hospital… Did I make a hospital in Japan? I instructed to do that and funded it, but the director of that hospital said that since the teacher hasn’t come in a long time, he earnestly hoped I would stop by for a moment. I am quite busy. I am busy to the point of not being able to open my eyes. So, when I went to the ophthalmology department, he said, “Let’s take a look at your eyes!” So, he looked into my eyes. (Laughter) He told me to open my eyes. (Laughter) He said he would take pictures of my eyes and look at the back of my eyes! (Laughter) He looked into my eyes… You know, at my age, there are things that shouldn’t come out that come out. Do you know what I mean? Older people know. There are things that come out around the eyes, right? Do you know, Dr. Han? There are such things, right? “Yes.” That all connects. (Laughter) Since I am about 60 years old, I saw those things coming out. “This won’t do, teacher, you need to have surgery no matter what!” He said while holding on to me. “It’s not that I’m asking for money, but others come to me…” But what should the teacher do? When I said I would go to Korea and have it done at the public hospital where I used to go, he said that couldn’t be done. So, it was a five-story building, and I just looked around and came back.

Everyone was asking to be saved, and I met someone who said they would save me without taking money, which I have never met in my life. Even when people help me with money, they usually scold me, but someone who said they would fix my eyes without taking money is something to be thankful for, isn’t it? So, I agreed. Also, my wife said, “Oh, that person is good.” I am famous for listening to my wife, right? (Laughter, applause) So, I made a promise. Now that we are close, it’s okay to speak informally. You all know that if I had stopped there. Since we are exchanging greetings, professors can become brothers, so don’t feel bad if I speak informally. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.”

So, that’s how it happened. Everyone went around once and found their way back. Then he told me to lie down again. So, I lay down. It’s like going to a temple, isn’t it? Can you do that, even if you are a Unification Church teacher? They are disciples, but they hold knives and put something in my eyes? Oh, I dislike needles the most. (Laughter) They said something about anesthesia. What do I know about anesthesia? How painful is it… (Laughter) When my size says it hurts, they probably thought, “Oh, it’s just a little prick,” and poked me. (Gesturing, laughter) “Oh, our teacher goes around the world shouting, and he’s startled by this one needle! What a coward,” they probably thought and felt good about it. (Laughter)

But they said they needed to take out the root? They said it would take about 10 minutes, but it took about 30 minutes. They pushed and poked, and my eyes turned bright red. Now, can I stick to my dignity and get off the plane? So, what can I do? I had no choice but to wear glasses; where are my glasses? (Laughter) I didn’t bring my glasses. So, I put on sunglasses… That’s expensive. (Laughter) That’s how I came. And now, I have to appear in this public space… “Why are those eyes like that? Did he get hit in a fight?” they will think. So, that’s why they turned bright red. That’s also a fight.

After the procession, one should not become a trumpeter. 

So, do you think of me even a little, like this? Do you think? “Yes.” What do you think? “Yes.” Do you really think? “Yes.” Do you think of me as much as 100,000 won? “No.” Then how is it? Do you think more than that? “Yes.” Then if I ask for 100,000 won, how much would that be? (Laughter) Can you do that? “Yes.”

I know you have a thief’s mindset. (Laughter) Our teacher dislikes being in debt, and once he gives, he knows he will return it multiplied by several times. So, you are answering with peace of mind. Would you really give me 100,000 won? Would you do that? “Yes.” Then thank you. They said it’s time before dinner. I came without even eating dinner. I was about to eat rice with soup and left. It was like following a wild boar while hunting. (Laughter)

Now, if I get heated while talking and get hungry, I have to be careful in the middle, fearing that I might say something like fate or providence without meaning. Anyway, it’s good, so thank you.

So, Koreans are going around getting scolded, and those Koreans are fighting when they go to America. I have a lot to study. When Koreans go abroad, they should help each other when they are in trouble, but…
It's all just fighting. That was the kind of world it was. In such a world, is there any possibility of God's will or the purpose of religion? It's a game that's close to impossible. Isn't it sad for the person who is struggling to play this game? Isn't it? "It's sad." Huh? Is it sad or not? Think about it. 

Now, this is about the paddles in Korea, the Unification Church paddles. They don't even know what the teacher is doing, and every letter says the same thing. "Teacher, fight well, fight strongly, so that the whole world can come back!" They can't say that; they just say, "Come to Korea quickly! Come to Korea! We're waiting!" It's the most unpleasant letter among all. They can write well, though. That's how it is. 

Today would have been the same. Many people might have come but couldn't enter here. So, I'm feeling good. What would they do if they all came in? What will you do with the teacher's words, everyone? If you hear those words, will you do them as they are? "Yes." Will you do it or not? "I will." I need to get a promise from you. After the procession, we shouldn't have people blowing trumpets. Raise your hands if you want to do that! 

The West is a bit better; maybe it's because their civilization is a bit higher. Korean people do this while looking at each other, but Westerners don’t do that. They just do it. So, which is better? How wonderful is this, swish-. It's like a gentleman holding a pipe, isn't it? (Laughter) Do you know how a gentleman holds a pipe? Even if there’s a match, it has to be struck with flint, with flint. That's what a gentleman is. Isn't that right? Is the Unification Church a gentleman because of that? The ones getting cursed are the lowly ones, not gentlemen. I'm also the chief of the lowly ones, the chief of the lowly. (Laughter) So, will you do it that way? "Yes." 

So, raise your hands again! That's right, that's right. It's a bit better! So, once more, will you do it? "Yes." You have to do it ten times to catch up with the West. (Laughter) That's how low the civilization is. 

God's providence of salvation is the providence of restoration.
What is God's providence? What is God's providence of salvation? It's the providence of restoration. It's the history of finding what was lost again. So, how do we restore? It's not done haphazardly. Since everything was created through the Principle of Creation, it must also be restored through the Principle of Creation. Therefore, what is the history of restoration? It is a history of re-creation because the creation history failed. Thus, the providence of salvation is a history of re-creation. Do you understand? "Yes." It is a history of re-creation. 

Then, is the creation history easy, or is the re-creation history easy? To create a new product in a factory, you have to make a blueprint and have all the technicians put in their comprehensive skills to create the model. Here we have our architect, Um Deok-mun. You have to draw that blueprint perfectly. After doing that, you buy all the necessary materials and make everything. Do you understand? 

God is the King of Wisdom. He is the subject of all providence and the King in every aspect, and He does not do things haphazardly. Today, the Korean people who like to do things haphazardly look for haphazard ways, but God does not like to be sought in a haphazard manner. That leads to accidents and failures repeatedly. Do you understand? 

From this perspective, God's providence... What is salvation? If you save a sick person, they become the person they were before getting sick, and when you see someone who fell into the water and got rescued, you say, "That person was about to drown and was saved." They return to the state before getting sick. What does that mean? It means restoration. Restoration means returning to the original state. However, since there is nothing in the original state, it has to be made again. And in making it again, it cannot be done haphazardly; it must be made according to the blueprint. It must comply with that principle. Therefore, it must be taken to the repair factory. 

What is that repair factory in human history? It is a religion that is unpleasant, full of slander and malicious gossip. What is religion? "A repair factory." A repair factory. That repair factory is not a local shop that repairs broken two-wheeled carts. To repair the highest ideal standards of humanity and God's ideals that have been broken, you cannot do it with a local factory. No matter how you try, the technology cannot reach it. You must create a comprehensive repair factory on a global scale. 

Then, what should the scale of that repair factory be? You must know that it must exceed national standards. It must exceed national standards. Therefore, if religion becomes a repair factory, that religion will fail if it cannot exceed national standards. It can be called a superstitious religion, but it is a failing religion. Why? Because it did not exceed national standards. It must enter the ranks of a global repair factory... Yes, the headquarters of the world's best repair factory must be established, and there must be a factory manager who can oversee it. Not just a factory manager, but the whole... (The recording briefly cuts out) This is the messianic thought and savior thought spoken of in religion, the savior thought. Do you understand? That doesn't mean the Kyushu (九州) in Japan. 

How is humanity? Human beings themselves are broken. Since the individual human is broken, that brokenness has spread and expanded, causing families to break, societies to break, nations to break, and the world to break. Therefore, even if any ideal nation appears within the cultural sphere of historical times, that nation is bound to show a temporary form and then collapse. Why does it collapse? Because it does not meet the standards of principle, it is bound to collapse. 

A guide is absolutely necessary for those who do not know the way.
So today, in religion, for those who believe in Jesus, who must come? "The Messiah." The Messiah! The returning Lord! The fact that Reverend Moon is the returning Lord is known worldwide. I haven't said a word. Since it is known, I say, "Go ahead and say everything you want." That's what I'm doing. So, I wish I could become the returning Lord. It's a big deal; ask the pastors and elders. While all the established church pastors in Korea are making a fuss, they seem to think that Reverend Moon is just wandering around, getting cursed, and just playing and sleeping. 

He is using all of God's strategies to conduct a siege operation. What is God's strategy? It is a siege operation. Human beings are engaged in a direct confrontation operation on a straight line. Humans rise and fall here, but God is conducting a siege operation. So, I am a player in the siege operation. I don't know what I'm doing right now. Even though Park Bo-hui is following me around and making a fuss, they don't know what the association president, or someone named Kim Young-hwi, is doing. The American association president and everyone else don't know either. They don't know what I'm doing right now. "Oh, it turns out he was doing that!" They start to realize ten years later, wide-eyed, "Oh—" and that's how it is. Is that an easy thing? It's a difficult thing. 

So, what part do you play in the repair factory? What is the repair factory? Do you want to be the electrical wiring in the engine, or do you want to be the piston? What do you want to be? "The piston." Huh? What is it? What do you want to be? It's obvious that greedy Koreans want to be the piston. That's good. You just need to have the content to be able to be that. That's the best thing. 

So, let's say you've made a car. Now, let's say you've made a good car. Will it be a good car, or will it be a driver? "The driver." What is it? What’s better? "The driver." Why? Why the driver? Is it to carry the car? Can you ride on the driver's back? What does the driver do? What is the reason for needing a driver? It is to guide the way. No matter how good the car is and how good the owner is, if the owner doesn’t know how to drive, they have to follow the driver wherever they lead. They must go through the driver. Do you understand? 

Even if they know how to guide, that’s enough. If they just believe and sit there drooling, snoring, or doing anything else, as long as the driver is sane, they cannot reach the destination. Isn't that right? "No." What do you mean? 

They can't go, they can't go! "I will go." You guys, you can't go! "I will go." (Laughter) You can't go, you can't go! "I will go." (Laughter and applause) No matter how loud you shout, in reality, no matter how big and good someone named Moon is, they will have to raise their hands. You may feel disappointed, but saying you can't go is the wrong person. Even if you curse for saying you can't go, that's okay because it has nothing to do with that. Then you will go. 

The problem is not that there is no church in God's providence of restoration. Do you understand what I mean? It's not that there is no car. There is plenty of gasoline. There are many excellent people, pastors, and PhDs in theology. They are all there. They exist, but they are blind, blind. They need to know where to go. That's what it is. 

So even if a blind person knows how to guide... Even if a person who looks good, who seems very impressive, cannot guide, a person who is blind but knows how to guide is better. If they know the way, they should be praised and should know how to ride. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

We must pave the path of destiny that leads the Unification Church to the world beyond.
Then, when people say, "What about the Unification Church?" they don't know. The Unification Church might be like that. Even if a person named Moon is not good, no matter how bad they are, they do not engage in games that get them cursed. They do not engage in games that get them cursed. I do not engage in games that involve taking advantage of others or deceiving them. I haven't done that. 

Even if the people of the world dislike it, why does God do this? Does God have one more beard? He loves me. When I am hungry, He brings me food. He brings me food. When I don't have a train ticket, He buys me a ticket. Do you understand what I mean? When I get caught in a predicament, He kills the one who wants to kill me and puts them in the cave, and He saves me whenever He can. That's enough, isn't it? Isn't that right? That's what it is. Because there was something that human beings in this world do not know... 

Reverend Moon is not just a religious leader suffering from delusions of driving into the sky. He is practical, pragmatic... In driving on the practical highway, even if he is a cripple or wearing rags, he drives well. He does well. 

Look. Now, President Carter and so on, just wait and see. Carter, that guy, just wait. He hates it for no reason. Because communism is throwing insults, he gets cursed, but the CIA is here too. Report it. "Oh, Reverend Moon went to the headquarters of the Cheongpa-dong and directly attacked President Carter!" Report that. I am attacking. Everything I said has already happened. The life and death of America are at stake. So, these days, he will reflect a bit. 

Do you think it is easy to drive the Unification Church, which is being attacked worldwide, to the world beyond that does not perish? Think about it, professors! The whole world is trying to kill it, trying to trap it, but even if it gets caught, it escapes. Even if it is pushed into a sewer, it gets out. Is that easier than President Carter deciding world policy? Think about it. That is nothing. 

"You American citizens, just leave all the young people to me. I will stop you from going down the path of drugs and destruction within five years. Just leave it to me, you guys!" But they don't do it, so they are opposing me while doing this. Unification Church youth, do you understand? "Yes." You cannot understand that. (Laughter) 

Now, just hearing that one word will make the Unification Church members feel good. "Our teacher says that, so it must be true. That's why I am getting cursed and packing my bags to go to the other side..." they might have thought. But at that time, they couldn't say "Unification Church." They could only say "Unification..." (Laughter) They couldn't say "Church." What kind of church is it? "Unification..." (Laughter) They are foolish people, foolish people. If I see them, I will kick them and make them into toads. Do you know what a toad looks like? To catch something, it has to be like this. Do you know that? Is that true or not? 

How much have I been cursed in Korea? How much have I been attacked in Japan? How much have I been attacked in America? The whole world is on the offensive. If I don't do this, I can't. When I see God's will, it is clear that I must do it. So what must I do? I must pave the path of destiny. That path of destiny is so winding that it is beyond words, and the situation is a complete mess. 

To wash away sin, it is natural to suffer according to the law of indemnity.
Our mother and father... My mother was the most loving mother in the world. I know that all my family members have passed away in North Korea. I know that my siblings were massacred. 

So, what kind of crazy disease makes me do this? I didn't even buy a handkerchief for my parents. Do you understand? How much does a handkerchief cost? (He takes out a handkerchief from his pocket.) Here it is, this one. I couldn't even buy a set of clothes for them. Yet, while wandering around, I bought clothes for other people's wives and suits for other people's husbands... While I was in England this time, I bought about 200 pieces of clothing over several months. The best ones, costing $350 or $400. I bought good shoes... I told the Unification Church members to wear the best ones because they couldn't wear them. When I go to London, what do they call it? Harrods or something? 

Yet I am unfilial to my parents. I made my father and mother suffer the most in front of my siblings. I am unfilial to my parents, and then I made the members of the Unification Church suffer. What is this? It is evil. I made all the Unification Church members suffer. Have I ever told them to sleep for even one night? When I bring them in, young and old, I just made them suffer. 

What did I make them suffer for? I never said to suffer for Moon. Even if they suffer, I don't want them to suffer more. They all suffer for the country. They are made to suffer for the country. Today, gathering the global youth of the Unification Church, what do I say? "Die for the world!" "Die for the world, you bastards!" That's what I'm doing. 

So, does this end in a day or two? As I go on, I am crossing the Himalayan mountain range. It's like crossing the summit of Mount Everest.
It's a journey over one ridge and then another. The higher you go, the more treacherous it becomes. The higher you go, the more solitude there is. Now even God seems to want to use me. Do you understand what I mean? I thought God loved me, but often, I find myself being turned upside down and thrown into situations that seem impossible. There, what will you do? Is God still God? Do you understand what I mean? If you start blaming God there, everything falls apart. If you blame because the nation opposes you, everything falls apart. If you blame because the world opposes you, everything falls apart.

When God made a promise to me, He said I would become something that would not be envious of the world.... If I were to list everything, I could talk from tonight until dawn, for 24 hours, and still not cover it all. It would be incredible if we could do all that. That's why I am now.... After making that promise, He said, "Now, if you want to go, go." It's turning things upside down, upside down. Why does God have to play these games? Why does the God of Christianity, who says He loves us and believes in Jesus as our Savior, have to put us through such suffering and make us shed blood? Such twists and turns are deeply felt; why is it so? To wash away sin, there is naturally the law of indemnity, the law of restoration.

Therefore, if an individual is chosen by God, after overcoming the ridges they must cross, they must center around those who follow them, and the whole must undergo indemnity. Thus, the responsibility to save families remains on God's path of destiny. Until now, God has.... Well, the history of the Bible is about 6,000 years. Nowadays, scholars argue about hundreds of thousands or even millions of years.

Christianity must sacrifice for the sake of humanity. Through such historical eras, what has been accomplished? Not even one Messiah has been seen. Not even one Messiah has been seen repeatedly. What is that? Nowadays, Christians believe that Jesus is the Messiah. After brutally killing that Messiah, how can humanity be saved? Where is such a cruel God? What kind of love is that? Stop with such trivial, unworthy nonsense. If God has power, He wouldn't have to kill like that, wouldn't have to kill His Son.... Is God one who loves blood? Historically, sacrifices have been made by slaughtering lambs and cows; what is this nonsense? We must understand all of this. This is all about the law of indemnity.

Therefore, if an individual stands on God's side, what must be done with that individual is to offer them as a sacrifice for the family. They must be offered as a sacrifice. Why must it be so? Blood must be shed. So, since they cannot die, a substitute offering is made to shed blood in their place. Therefore, those who have been offered as sacrifices receive conditions of indemnity, but they do not meet the standard of substance; thus, in that area and environment where the substitute sacrifice is made, it can be a condition of indemnity, but it cannot be settled historically.

The path humanity must take, if there had been no fall within the original good will of God.... When the unfallen Adam is completed, it will be the completion of humanity, and the individual starting point will be the beginning of the completion of the universe and humanity. Then, within that, nations will enter, and the world will all be included.

However, because the progenitor of humanity fell, thousands of years have passed, and humanity has spread out and become chaotic. Therefore, it is difficult for all of humanity to overcome the realm of the fall.

That is why those who are chosen must repeatedly come and become offerings. They must be sacrificed. So, does it end with always shedding blood and dying? No. They must not die. They must enter into the place of shedding blood and come back to life.

Isaac received blessings by doing so. Isaac. Abraham offered him as a sacrifice on Mount Moriah and came back to life. The reason he could live was that there was Abraham, who could sacrifice Isaac as an offering. That is how liberation came.

What is Christianity today? Christianity is an altar. Then, what is the mission of Christianity? Jesus came with the global mission of salvation as the Messiah. That responsibility is not for a specific Presbyterian church, or Methodist church, or Holiness church. It is not to save those; it is to save all of humanity. Not just for the Republic of Korea, but beyond the Republic of Korea, if there is a great kingdom in Asia, it is for the sake of all humanity. Therefore, what must Christianity do? It must shed blood for the world.

Thus, the brothers of Christianity entered the Roman Empire and had a history of shedding blood for 400 years to subdue Rome, which dominated the world. As a price for this blood, through the movement of individuals being annihilated, families being annihilated, tribes being annihilated, and nations being annihilated, a hope for a resurrected nation can be welcomed. Such events remain on the path of providence. Therefore, we must understand that God is in a position of ruthlessness. Therefore, God is not God. God cannot be God. God is a pitiful God, a God who cannot help but see blood, a God who has become that way.

So, who will inherit the mission of Jesus on this earth? Today, the Israelite nation must rise up, carrying the 4,000 years of historical foundation, and take up the banner to sacrifice in place of Rome, turning the nation back under God's banner. That banner must be the Israelite nation. And there, they must uphold Jesus and lead Rome to become an offering for the world. Yet, what about denominations? Only then can God become God. What about predestination and all that Calvin nonsense! What a foolish person! Go to the spirit world and see if Reverend Moon is lying.

Sacrificing the nation to save the world is God's desire. This ragged religion, these ragged doctrines have made it difficult for people today. If they had listened to my words, they would not have fallen into the communist world. I believe that the Republic of Korea would not have been divided like this. They wasted 33 years. Just as Jesus wasted 30 years, I have spent my life in persecution for 33 years.

Applying the law of indemnity, whether I fall or live on the world stage, Reverend Moon has prayed to be burdened, to be driven as a substitute offering. I have fought a bloody struggle. If there is anyone who has grievances, I am the man with the most grievances. When I gather humanity and speak, I can tear the hearts of all humanity and make them weep. I am a man who lives with such hardships. That is not for the sake of Reverend Moon's own self. It is for the world, for God, and for the nation. It is for the Republic of Korea, this foolish Republic of Korea.

Who will take on this realm of destiny? When the Republic of Korea declares that it will become an offering as a nation, it is God's will that this Republic of Korea will be sacrificed to save the world, and that day was one of the wishes of Jesus Christ. It should become the Israelite nation, and the Israelite nation should be a nation that has gathered evil leaders who have ridden on the back of the Messiah for their own success. That nation must be broken. They must pay the price of blood shed over the past 2,000 years many times over.

So, I have led the Unification Church.... I have no connection to the Unification Church until now. I bought you with the blood of my mother and father. I ruined my family, I ruined my brothers and sisters, and I bought you. Become an offering, our! The family of Reverend Moon must become an offering, become an offering. Because of this, I have not even bought a handkerchief for my suffering parents. Become an offering.

When I was liberated in Pyongyang, North Korea, and the People's Army came in, I knew how the situation in South Korea would turn out. Even knowing that, I went back to my hometown and did not bring my loving mother and father with me. But you, these beggars, the Unification Church members, after making me suffer and trying to send me to prison, should I seek out these people? The circumstances of heaven are not like that. I knew that I had to leave my parents behind and gather the children of the enemy and make them the offerings for their own parents and families. I knew that I had to push them into that position.

If you say you don't want this, then Korea must shed blood. The 38th parallel will be divided. If the established churches have sinned, if they have lost all loyalty before the Japanese envoy, the leaders of the fighting denominations should have come together after liberation and…. Whether it is Presbyterian, Methodist, Holiness, or Buddhism, any religion would be good. All should have come forward for this nation, centered on God's desired will, and the entire 35 million people should have declared that they would become offerings before God for the world. If they had done that, if all Christians had done that, Korea would not have ended up like this.

Because they have a habit of fighting, while Reverend Moon has been trying to save everything with great difficulty, they have been devouring each other, and the denomination that was trying to drive out the Unification Church has collapsed. When they faced the nation, they became beggars and had to go to the beggar's den. Such games have been played. The place they are going is a sea of tears, a sea of wailing. Where can they find the nation, where can they find the world? It cannot be there. That is why I am making the Unification Church members suffer. I have told them to go to the place of death.

Now, looking at the 36 families, until the end of the 3rd 7-year course, they cannot live comfortably. They must not spread their arms and sleep. It cannot be done. When I came to Korea, I prayed before heaven. These children! We still have the fight between the North and the South ahead, and the fight against world communism is still ahead. Somehow, the world Christianity must become comrades and unite.... The United States itself must understand this today. They have been caught in the three major threats and are sitting silently to die. Who will take responsibility for the collapse of Christianity, who will take responsibility for the moral decay of youth, who will take responsibility for the threat of communism? Reverend Moon will take responsibility. Reverend Moon will take responsibility!

These pastors and theologians do not listen, so I had no choice but to establish a seminary. I have done all sorts of things. I must brainwash all the famous theologians in America with our Unification theology, even if I have to spend more money than gold. This is the price of blood. This is money made by squeezing my blood and flesh. I do not eat or wear, and I have taken all these people by airplane.... While feeding my children barley rice and wheat bread, I have made them all eat galbi jjim, and this is the kind of servitude I have endured.

The Unification Church, which is trying to take responsibility for the destiny of this world, you Unification Church members, you who say you are in the homeland of the Unification Church, do not be happy that the teacher has come. The teacher is a heartless person, a heartless person. I have blessed you, but I do not see that positively anymore. I must take this and make you suffer. Since I have fulfilled my mission for the Republic of Korea, I must present this Republic of Korea on the world stage as an offering. Even if it becomes that offering, if it does not die, all spirits in the spirit world, of course, and even those on earth will bow their heads before that offering.

The offering that has been placed on the altar must welcome the Lord who is coming; with that sincere loyalty.... Just as Isaac went up to the altar and lived, when the nation lives like Isaac on the altar and stands before Abraham, the blessings of heaven can be poured down. If there is a nation that can do that, that nation will dominate the world. That is what I see. That is the path of destiny in the history of restoration.

Why does it have to be that way? Because Cain killed Abel, because the parents made a mistake and fell, it is because of this fall that it has come to be. No one has escaped the trap of this fall; how deep it is, who will build a bridge to solve it?

So, what is human history? It is the history of Cain and Abel. Losing God, building a wall against God, and building a wall against the true ideal human being.... It must become a nation where true God and humans can be united, where God can say, "This is the nation I have longed for, this is the nation of my ideals."

What kind of nation can be called the nation of God's ideals? That nation cannot be a nation that can be bargained with money. It is a nation of love. It is a nation of love. When we look at love centered on God, if God is love, then how does the God of love express love? It is given from God. The fundamental origin of love is giving. It is a history of giving. It is not a history of receiving; it is a history of giving. Shouldn't it be that way? Just as parents give for their children, it is a history of giving.

If everyone had engaged in a history of giving to one another, this universe would have become an ideal world, but it is the opposite. Everyone wants to receive without giving, and it is a world that steals and plunders what others have. Therefore, this is the world of Satan. It is the world of evil spirits.

In such a world, today, the Unification Church is doing the opposite. Give! Give! What are we to give? It is not to give hotteok (sweet pancakes). It is to give God's love, a united heart.... Therefore, expand the altar of love, expand the altar of love.

Thus, I entered in 1970 and told all the families that had supposedly been blessed in the Unification Church to pack their bags and be expelled. "You children! Who told you to settle down and live here? I thought you would live well if you were blessed, but the teacher is cruel! Oh, merciless..." But whether you take the children to an orphanage or throw them over the neighbor's fence, I told you to leave. I am an unreasonable leader. That is why my name value today is not bad.

It is not unreasonable. Why is that? Centered on God's love, I must set up a line before the nation that is falling apart and give them a rope to hold on to, even if it is a net to catch them. I have been doing this for three years, suffering. I have shed many tears secretly. I have shed many tears of resentment and injustice.

Now, everyone, just wait and see. The sun sets, but because morning comes, instead of regretting the setting sun, there is a heart that waits for the morning sun, so we willingly send off the setting sun. No matter how much the Unification Church is said to be collapsing, do not think it will collapse; think that the sunlight will come. To do that, you must go around the earth. Therefore, the nation is also a person who has done such things. I have done all my spiritual responsibilities in the Republic of Korea, and when I leave for America in 1972, in the following year, even God....

The more opposition I face, the smaller the offering I must make.
I didn't talk about it, but I talked about leaving. "I am not someone who can hold onto the foundation laid and live comfortably in Korea. I am going to walk the path of hardship," and I set off for America, determined to fight to the death. So what I am doing now is the fight in America. No matter what, all 50 states of America, centered around the U.S. State Department, all institutions, and all citizens must oppose... They must oppose. It has to be that way. Heaven and Satan are opposites. I already knew that such a time would come. That's why I sent missionaries to 127 countries by 1975.

Germans and Americans are enemies. They are all enemies. I called the Japanese, Americans, and Germans and said, "You are enemies. You have been enemies for 30 years, you bastards! If you cannot become one, the world will perish. The countries that are enemies must become one. Standing in the position of God's love, you must become one and offer yourselves as a threefold sacrifice, like sheep, cattle, and doves." I commanded them to do so. If they cannot become one, they will suffer immensely, but if they become one, they will develop infinitely.

The whole world must either attack or oppose Reverend Moon. Why? Why must we stand in a position of opposition? Because when you stand in a position of opposition, the offering does not become greater, but smaller. Do you understand what I mean? The more you are opposed, the smaller the offering you make. Do you get it?

If the whole world opposes Reverend Moon, I will become the offering instead of South Korea. It is an offering to the world. That is the ideology. Strike! When I die, I want to die having spoken my piece before God. Do you understand what I mean? The nation may perish, and I should offer the nation as a sacrifice, but the more persecution I receive from the world, the more I should offer the nation as a sacrifice. Yet, there is a way for me to become an offering alone. Do you understand what I mean? That is why I am opposed by Christianity. That is why I am opposed by religion. This is a simple matter.

Why is that? Why is it so? It is to clear away all the sins committed by all the Satans of the world and to pave a single path from the individual to the world. There are many highways, but there only needs to be one road to Seoul. Do you understand? It is the same. That is why we should not play around paving numerous roads but rather pave a single road. Reverend Moon is trying to pave this one road. Let’s pave the road for the individual, the family, the tribe, the nation, the state, and the world! That is why the prayer is, "Father, I am alone. I am left alone. When this explodes, do not let me explode like a coward. If there is a way to become an atomic bomb that can love even the spirits in this earthly world and the spirit world, let me walk that path." That is the game we are playing, that game. There is nothing else. To do this, we must make sacrifices. I did not come this time to give you blessings. How can I make you suffer...

In the path of providential destiny, the base of Asia is Korea. So what did I do? The United States is a leading country in the world. This place was opposed by the Catholic Church of Rome, and all the religious revolutionaries of the Protestant movement fled across borders, even to the point of death... It is a tangible place. It is tangible, this is. This is how the United States was founded, centered around the Protestant thought. The United States is not a Catholic country but an independent nation centered around Protestantism. The United States bears the burden of the world...

Originally, centered around the UN General Assembly, the Second World War... These bastards did not take responsibility. Why did they hand over the territories that Japan had to the communists? Why did they hand over the territories that Germany had to the communists? Why did they allow the UN base to be completely taken by the communists? God wanted them to become cowards... They even created the UN forces for Korea, and why did they retreat? The United States is retreating. However, they cannot retreat. Because they are retreating, I say I will fight. That is the game we are playing. There seems to be no one in Korea who will fight, as I see it. But it is not for Korea; it is for God's providence.

Look. The base of Asia is only Korea. It is only South Korea. But I am not fighting for the Korean people. You American bastards! The older generation may have let go of Korea, but their children, the second generation, I will bring back to Korea with my own hands and make them fight again, shedding blood. Heaven will make it so.

That is why I gather all the young people of America. All the young guys will spend their whole lives... This is like the 40 years of the Israelites in the wilderness, the same as the world’s journey back to Canaan. Christianity is like the second Israel, and they must cross over to the heavenly kingdom, the welfare of Canaan. They must understand that this is the 40 years in the wilderness, the 40 years in the wilderness. Centered around the Second World War on this earth, there are now 7 years left. In these 7 years, I will see the conclusion.

Will I lead our Unification Church properly and fulfill the ideal that God desires, the land flowing with milk and honey? Or will I not? Here lies the division of the nation, and in the wilderness journey, there are those who doubted Moses, and all sorts of idol worship and arrogance are becoming the center and decaying. This is true for America and for the whole world. We are crossing over a moment of urgency where we could receive the punishment of sulfur and perish. Do you understand that now? I am struggling to walk the path of providential destiny. Do you understand? "Yes."

So, centered around the year 1960, as I passed through the third 7-year course, I said that when 7 years pass, such a time will come, and when 14 years pass, such a time will come. Before the third 7-year course, I said that the world’s young people would welcome the Reverend Moon, who was opposed in Korea. What you could not create and what the Unification Church members could not create, I have created with my own hands. Isn’t that right? Even in Japan... Who would listen to the Prime Minister, who thinks he is great? Who would listen to the Emperor? It was all done by the Reverend Moon, who is considered unworthy. How about you here? Do you listen to the teacher?

If you are from Tokyo University, you are quite a group. I must reform all these people... To reform them, there is no other way than marriage. If you look at what they like, it seems like they are all going to perish, like foolish little fish trying to deal with them.

I could not marry recklessly because I have to take responsibility for the future of the Unification Church. I am better than you, so I have no choice but to do it. I am struggling while doing this. Do you understand? "Yes." Those who are here for the first time might feel uncomfortable hearing such words. But go and see. Try dying.

I don't know if the professors are all here now... All the Unification Church members must ensure that their children are born better than their parents; if they are not, they will perish. The Unification Church will perish. I don't want to see this, this suffering, this... what should I call it, this group. They say, "Teacher!" But I am trying to make you all an offering. Is that okay? "Yes."

Because of the fall, we must connect the individual altar, the national altar, the state altar, the world altar, and the heavenly altar to communicate with God; it cannot be done without shedding blood. If I die, everything will be cut off, so I have no choice but to make you suffer. While being a cripple, I want you to not die and not betray but to remain. God told the teacher, "Hey, you suffer, whether you become a bear or whatever, just don’t die. I won’t let you die," and so I did not die. I was in danger... The communists were trying to kill me in the communist world, and in South Korea, they were trying to kill me in their own way, wherever I went... The Americans, too, do you know how many plans they made to kill Reverend Moon? I don’t talk about that, but it is a serious game.

If you have a wife, do you love her more than God or humanity? You must not love her more than God. You must not love her more than humanity. You must be willing to sacrifice your wife as an offering for God. You must even take your parents and offer them for humanity and for God.

Where is such unfilial behavior? Such things do not exist in Confucian thought, but just wait and see. Ask about Abraham. "Abraham, would you sacrifice your child? Would you become the offering for your child?" How would a parent respond? They would say they would become the offering. That is the principle that is bound.

To pave the path of providential destiny, even enemies must be saved.

Since the teacher came here today, there must be many matters to discuss, such as budgets for 1978 being insufficient. What must be done? Generally, what must be done... That is fine! The teacher says to suffer more than he does. I welcome those who suffer more than I do.

Look. This is not British-made; it is Polish-made, Polish-made. The best wool suits in Britain are all given to the Unification Church leaders... I do not wear such things. I came wearing all Polish-made clothes. Why? Because it makes my heart feel comfortable, no matter what sins I have committed. Otherwise, I cannot sleep at night. I feel the same way about Korea. I cannot sleep at night because there is no one to fight.

These days, when I flew on KAL, everyone said, "Reverend Moon is coming," and I wondered when I became Reverend Moon. I don’t want to hear that name. Before you call me Reverend Moon, you should repent. Before you praise Park Bo-hee or anyone else, you should repent for opposing the Unification Church. That is unacceptable.

When I look at the spirit world, the grief that the nation must go through still remains. The clouds of misfortune have not yet departed, so I must lay my head on a stone pillow... What sin have I committed? I have not sinned against God. I have not sinned against this historical path of destiny.

I do not want to receive greetings from anyone. What about Fraser? I told Bo-hee that when he called to say he was happy to have beaten Fraser, I said, "Shut your mouth." I know that those who whip those whom heaven has punished will have their descendants punished in the future. "Shut your mouth, calm down. Isn’t it pitiful? It is pitiful. If you say such things, the descendants of Fraser and your descendants will become enemies. Reverend Moon and your descendants will become enemies with his descendants. What sin do those descendants have? We must save those descendants," I said.

I am the enemy of all the pastors and elders of Christianity. Even if I bite my tongue and spit blood, the grudge I hold is deep. But it turns out they are all in the same boat. They become older brothers of the Unification Church. That is why I spend money and go hungry, secretly feeding them all, buying rice and doing such things. Do you understand what I mean? Why is that? Why for others? To pave the path of providential destiny, it must be done.

You Japanese, you Americans, you oppose me, but your descendants must resolve this before... If you do not want to perish, you must resolve it. You will have to kneel. That is the principle.

Because of this, the Unification Church has developed even while being persecuted. I thought it would perish, but it did not. This is repeated... Even when I fought with Congressman Fraser this time, when I asked the young people of America, "Do you think we can win against Congressman Fraser?" every single one of them said, "Namu Amida Butsu." It is just the Reverend Moon, who is unworthy and insufficient. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

I intend to make these young people an offering. If you do not do it, I will take our children and make them an offering. That is the thought I have. What God has given is simply being returned to God. Coming empty-handed and leaving empty-handed, I believe I can resolve the grievances of heaven and pave the path of salvation for humanity. Dying does not mean dying; all of that remains alive in the spirit world. You must understand that.

We must lay the foundation to naturally subdue Cain.

Now, when have you thought about individual restoration? When did you do it? When did you do family restoration? It is not a haphazard approach. When did you do national restoration? When did you stake the nation and the world and fight against Satan? When did you engage in the history of separating Satan? You all knew nothing. You are forgiven because you did not know. However, the person named Moon cannot be forgiven because he knows.

As I returned this time, I thought to myself. I set a 7-year course before heaven and declared it, and on that day, how can I shorten this? This is a battleground for a global conclusion, and I must not become the loser here but the winner. Then, since America is the center of the Christian cultural sphere, a multi-ethnic nation, a country built around a new Christian cultural history, I must enter that arena where life and death intersect and determine whether I will be the loser or the winner... Am I not a white person? As a person of color, do I think I can endure? Think about it. I set out risking my life. I left on December 18, 1971; it was the beginning of a painful history. "I must create a storm across all 50 states of America centered around the Washington Lincoln Center. I must ignite the fire of victory as much as you have evangelized in the history of American missions."

When I first did it in New York, I said I came from Korea, and they probably thought, "What kind of country is America, and what kind of guy comes here to talk? He will leave in a few days." Today, they did not know Reverend Moon would become like this. It is not me doing this. I am a foolish person. To open and break through the providential destiny, I was willing to become a bomb, fertilizer, or even a corpse to go forward; that is how foolish I am. I have no greed. I have nothing.

So what about you? Did you come to take advantage of Reverend Moon? Did you come to use him? It is the same. Until the end of the third 7-year course, if you do not die, you must become a traveler. Recently, someone came to our Unification Church and said, "Oh, will you buy us a house? House, house, house!" I said, "You foolish children!" They do not know what kind of path they are on, seeing their desire to settle down... This time, I will teach them all clearly. The 36 families must go back. The 72 families must go back. So, I have fought in America, walking the path of individual, family, tribe, nation, and world restoration.
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
Unification Church members! Those people need to be worked hard for them to receive blessings in the future. Do you understand what I mean? 
While I was in London this time, I captured 150 graduates from theological colleges and issued a spy command. "You guys go as spies to the Iron Curtain, the Soviet satellite states. Will you go or not?" I trained them. As soon as they arrived, that very evening, I kicked them all out. "Get out, you guys! Go out and settle down on the streets in a short time!" They couldn't come back. Within a week, they all settled down. That shows how frightening the Unification Church members are. If they can't catch them, they have to sleep in parks for three or four days, right? They all settled down in the corners of London. Within a week, they were all independent.
What is the reason for such antics? They boast of being first-class citizens, wealthy sons from good families, graduates of Harvard University... They are all smart. I take those smart ones and say, "Do it, you brats! Do it!" They do this to train them. So, I brought nearly a thousand people from all over Europe and said, "The leaders who can become the central forces of the Unification Church are all coming from Unification theology. Are you going to go or not?" What could they say? They all got kicked out. Everyone in the New Yorker building promised to kick them out on the first day of September.
The significance of realizing heaven through the official path
Everyone, what is this year's official slogan? What is this year's slogan? "Realizing heaven through the official path." Yes, what does that mean? It means this game, this game. You don't even know what it means, realizing heaven through the official path, what does that mean? That is the providential view. It is official. In the place where Cain strikes Abel, Abel must be hit and naturally subdued, and the elder must become the younger. Do you understand? Do you know what I mean? "Yes." The elder must become the younger. So, Jacob deceived his brother and took the birthright; this was done for this historical judgment.
So, a person named Moon from the Unification Church is the younger brother, the younger brother regarding Christianity, but he is paving the way to become the elder. The pastors may feel uncomfortable, but just wait and see. Just wait for about ten years, and you will see if I am right or not. By then, it will be too late. Now, repent and just swallow it like eating honey, you brats! Haven't you become capable enough to recognize my established foundation and all my prepared capabilities? Do you understand? "Yes." What do the established churches say? "Elder." And what do we say? "Younger brother."
From the perspective of inheriting the traditional history of Cain and Abel, Cain is on the side of Satan, and Abel is on the side of heaven. The Bible says, "Your family will become your enemies. If you do not love me more than your mother, father, wife, children, or anyone else, you cannot be my disciple." That is the teaching of Jesus. That is why Jesus is great. Perhaps Moon, whoever he is, has realized this in the spiritual world.
Here, who is this professor? What is his name? He is a famous professor from Seoul National University, right? He came to the Unification Church by mistake. He came to the Unification Church by mistake. When a professor goes to the spiritual world, no one recognizes him. They do not recognize him. There are many professors here! What, Professor Jeong, Professor Choi, Professor Han... Doctors, all of them have been university presidents and such, and it is rude to talk about this day and night in front of these people, but I must say this clearly. I must say this. And what did I do? I killed them all and turned them into wild horses, you know, turned them all into pups. That is why I am trying to establish a university. Because these brats have ruined everything...
What is the Unification Church to the established church? "Younger brother." Who is the younger brother? "Abel." Since it is tied to the fate of a history that kills, it must be harvested as it is sown. That is why the elder is trying to catch and kill the younger. In the nation of Israel and the Jewish church, if viewed as a king, this is royal Abel and denominational Abel, but the royal Jewish nation through royal Rome killed Jesus. That Jesus was unfortunate. If he had been clever, he could have escaped without dying. Looking at this, Jacob was clever. After working hard for 21 years, he was able to send gifts to his brother and had the means to send hundreds of gifts. But what about those following Jesus, what do they know about being elder or younger?
Because I know that... Today, I must receive blessings greater than Jacob. Reverend Moon needs money. But that doesn't mean I want to buy everyone off. Reverend Moon has been despised by Christianity until now, right? Why was that? He was despised as an individual... Well-believing deacons, elders, pastors, theologians, oh... I am not inferior to those people at all. In terms of strength, looks, intelligence, hands, in every aspect, I am better. Such a capable man, I need to speak a bit. In fact, it is a pity. It is a pity.
If the thirty million people believed as this young man said, Korea would have already led the world and stood at the top of the world... I am someone who thinks that way. Korea did not accept it, but now I have laid all my foundation. Now I have laid all my foundation.
Listen. That is why there is a personal struggle between body and mind. Because of that, if a believer follows the desires of the body, they will absolutely not go to heaven. They cannot go. What is family? An individual must go through family, family must go through tribe, tribe must go through nation, nation must go through world, and the world must go through heaven. Only through heaven can one enter the world of God's love. That is established as an official principle, it turns out. So, what is realizing heaven through the official path? It is the realization of the heavenly kingdom on earth, the realization of heaven.
Leaders must break down the walls of persecution before they die and carry out the work of preparation.
With the wife... What is that professor? He came from Cheongju! "Bae Dae-sik," what did you say? Professor Bae? "Yes." Not Professor Gong? You too are the same, you know. If you have a wife, it is not just living with her, but you must unite and become a sacrifice for your tribe. This is the same; this is an unbreakable principle.
What am I doing with this Unification Church? I am trying to offer sacrifices for the nation. So, if these ignorant ones cannot do it, I will become a sacrifice for the nation. Let all of it be placed upon me! I did that game in America. Do you understand? Watergate or whatever Korea Gate... Did I receive a penny from the country's intelligence agency, what did I do? You brats! They made a reckless man into a butcher in broad daylight, made him into a thief, made him into a fraud, made him into a swindler. You filthy people of this country, you brats! That is why I am walking this path now. I am suffering alone for the world. I am carrying it all alone... I am fighting head-on with America.
That is the Washington Conference centered around 1976. If that was an internal conference, now I am working based on an external two-year period. Now, as we pass the three-year mark, the two-year hurdle has been said to be the decisive period of life and death. "Let’s endure and get through September!"
Look at that. Problems have arisen in Korea. Problems have arisen in Japan. Problems have arisen in America. Everything is a problem. So, since 1976, it has been an offensive! I held the Washington Conference and firmly established that sign. After that, the Unification Church is turning around. The era of offense has come. Now, I will not remain still. I must reveal the facts that I was angry and resentful about in Korea. I must reveal everything that happened in Japan. This is why we fought.
What is there to fight in Korea, those poor things? That is why I fought fiercely in America. If this is not settled, the Unification Church will face a thousand years of tribulation continuously. I have the responsibility to pave the way for the Unification Church before I die, and I have the responsibility to break down the walls of future persecution and create a level ground. A leader must pave the way even if it means shedding blood.
Look. When I held the Washington Conference, I went out on a boat to catch tuna... Do you know how hard it was? Going to the bathroom was like peeing in bed. Do you understand what I mean? This is a place that has no precedent in history... I would rather die in the midst of all the American people mocking me. I wouldn't feel wronged if I died, but the day Reverend Moon becomes a loser is the day heaven and earth will be broken. Heaven and earth will be broken. The wailing at the time of facing Washington cannot be described. Jesus' cross is simple. It is simple. Heaven, Reverend Moon is so pitiful, because I am pitiful, he saved me. In this way, a historical judgment is made.
Even while dying, I must ensure victory on the second front to be a great commander.
Look. I held the Yankee Stadium event on June 1, 1976, and it rained... With 200,000 to 300,000 people gathered, they said the stadium would break and there would be chaos, but that was destined to happen. The data said it would happen, and it rained heavily, pouring down and making a mess. I am thankful to God for that.
That day was strange. As soon as I entered the room, the picture of the teacher that was hanging fell down, and it started pouring rain. "Oh, I am carrying the cross!" How shocked the leaders must have been. Time was running out, and it was time for the teacher to go to the podium, with only 30 minutes left, everyone had to prepare, but it rained all day and it was chaos. So the leader came in and was wailing, "What is this?" "What is this?" I told him not to worry. The event would definitely take place, so don't worry. And so it was held. The event ended successfully... So, they exceeded what they had expected... I knew it would be like that.
Then, on September 18, for the Washington Conference, it was 100 days, 108 days. They had to rent the Washington Monument Plaza from the park service. When negotiating, everyone in the city knew that Reverend Moon was causing a stir in Washington, and it became a big deal. So, while fighting, the permit was granted 40 days before the event - that is also historical - the permit was granted 40 days before, so we had to make flyers and organize everything, which was very busy. So, we started and it took about a week to make the flyers and about two weeks for everything else, and as it turned out, after three weeks, everyone was urgently called to report their activities, and it turned out that while we planned for 500,000, only 8,000 could come. This was a complete failure.
I was sitting there hearing all the news that the Washington Post or the State Department was preparing to attack if this went wrong. They are not the only ones with a way out. I also have my own ways. But do these foolish ones understand? It is a fate of life and death, just like pulling the last card of a game. Do you know what that means? I learned all that when I was young.
So, how painful it is. But a leader must know how to encourage soldiers who are failing. Even while dying, they must ignite the fire so that they can achieve victory on the second front to become a great commander. Gather all those who are broken and wounded and struggling, and surely they will achieve victory.
I also have an antenna. I have a telescope and I can clearly see how the end will be. Because of that, I do this game. Here, Park Bo-hui is also here, but fighting is all... That is why I give all the instructions. You brats! Do you understand what I mean? Huh? "Yes." That is why even in a place that seems doomed, it does not perish. The Unification Church seems destined to fail, but it will not fail.
In this way, that fight is the lifelong battle of the teacher. It is the last battle. The whole world... And I have been saying for decades, "Until the whole world opposes Reverend Moon, the world of God's will will not open!" The world must face persecution. That is the time. In this way, thankfully, on September 18, it truly became a full house.
From there, it became a turning point in history, and the history of Abel shedding blood was reversed... Abel, who was under attack and in a defensive position, will be turned upside down. It must be a day like that in history. Do you understand? I, being ugly and despised, was chased and hunted down, and now I have returned to Korea to gather you all and speak like this for the first time. I am driving in the stake and turning around. The turning point of history is coming.
So, the elder becomes the younger, and the younger becomes the elder. This is crossing over the three-year period. But this year is the second year. This second year is a time of spiritual and physical trials for the Unification Church. Do you understand? We must get through this two-year hurdle well. Centered around this hurdle...
Fighting with Congressman Fraser is definitely a battle of principle and numbers. When I went to England, I was supposed to stay for 120 days. I went on May 13, so September 13, that day is the 120th day, and what day is that? That is the day Fraser is judged. Isn't that right? He started attacking me on June 6. The number of Satan is 6. Truly, that is principled.
If you want to die, you will live; if you want to live, you will die.
So, I also think that I cannot believe there is no God. If you think there is none, everything appears as if it exists, and if you think there is, it disappears. So, while struggling and going through hardships, I barely reach the point of saying, "Oh, there is no God! I am going to die!" and then I am saved again. (Laughter) That is the history. Do you understand? So, those who want to die? "Live." Die, and those who want to live? "Die." What did the Bible say? Those who want to die? "Live." Die and perish! "Live." What? Those who want to die live, and those who want to live? "Die." You know that well!
Our main professor, if you want to live? "Die." It is destined to die, and our Bae professor, if you want to save? "Die." You have a handsome face! Your forehead is broad. (Laughter) Your ancestors must have been good, your ancestors. Looking at you, you must have inherited the virtue of your ancestors. So, in the future, you will not suffer. You will eat rice, that is what it means. But no matter how much you eat, if you say you want to live? "You will die." You will die, and if you say you want to die? "You will live." So, did you say you would die because of the Unification Church, or did you say you would live? "I will live." This person! (Laughter) When asked about the Unification Church, when asked if you would die or live, what does "I will live" mean? Professors, that won't do. You are close to getting a score of 30 points, almost failing. (Laughter) This is our Unification Church style. Professors, what is that?
Because they are brothers, it can happen. They see it as being brothers. This house was poorly designed by this idiot. I didn't know it was built like this! Don't just stick a switch in a place like this. They are comfortable over there with their air conditioning, thinking, 'Even if the teacher sweats, it's okay because he's a cheap person...' That's not acceptable. So what if the Unification Church wants to die? "Live!" If Reverend Moon wants to die? "Live!" If you want to live, you will be struck by lightning. (Laughter) You will be struck by lightning. I heard something nice!

So why did you come here? Did you come to die or to live? Huh? "We came to die." What? You came to die? (Laughter) You came to cultivate the way to die, and to be able to live even if you die. You came to cultivate the way to die. If you cultivate the way to die, you won't die even in the place of death. Look at me. Do you know how many hardships I have gone through? There are so many people in places like New York who want to kill Reverend Moon. If you give them $170, they will cleanly take care of a person anytime, even in broad daylight without any greeting.

The professors who lived comfortably and were treated well have entered the Unification Church by mistake. They went to established churches to be treated well, saying, "Why would I want to die?" They say, "Why suffer...?" They need to understand that. When America fights against heaven and earth, I am alone... Everyone in the embassy knows what Reverend Moon is doing. They are scared of that. They are scared of Reverend Moon. Even when I stop by Japan, the television is in an uproar, asking, "When did Reverend Moon come in? When is he leaving?" I have become that famous; I might be more famous than our professors in America. It's the same worldwide. The professors want to become famous, but I said I would fail, and I became famous, while the professors want to become famous, and look at their situation. Even Professor Bae, if he is at Cheongju University, what recognition will he get outside of Cheongju University? Ah, I am tired, but I am so self-absorbed that I don't even realize time is passing!

After stepping on the platform of victory, I can expand my global activities. The Unification Church, whoever it is, has already crossed borders. If Jesus had become a man who could freely cross borders, even if he entered a place of death, he would not die. Do you understand? If Korea does not accept this Reverend Moon, the world will surely...

So what will happen now? I am doing this, so believe it if you want to, or don't believe it if you don't want to. My philosophy, whether it's the fate of restoration or the fate of providence, is what history philosophy speaks of. Now that I have stepped on the platform of victory, even if the Korean people expel me, if there is a country that welcomes me, I can consider it a nation of greater value than Korea and can immediately expand my global activities.

There are many borders and many countries on earth, but within God's providential realm, this is disregarded. So even though the Unification Church is being chased and hunted, even so, I can drop anchor somewhere and unfold God's providence. It is now time to develop that providence from a national scale to a global scale, horizontally. That is one different thing. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." In other words, from a principled perspective, there are many countries like John the Baptist worldwide. Now that this has happened, it is time for Korea to realize that the members of the Unification Church cannot perish, so the ancestors of Korea will awaken.

Earlier, Pastor Lee said that many ancestors are cooperating, right? Where did Pastor Lee go? Oh, he has come to sit in a position more related than I am. (Laughter) That's my seat; why is he sitting there? (Laughter) That's God's seat. It's a seat where God sits. Oh, it's okay, it's okay. (Laughter) Whether one is great or small, fake or real, I don't know. Anyway, with that kind of disposition, whether crazy or whatever, since I fought like that, what is there for Koreans to be envious about? Isn't it a good feeling, everyone? "Yes." Even those who came for the first time today won't feel bad. I am sweating like this and speaking earnestly; I am not lying. Do you understand?

No matter how incompetent a person is, they cannot be used for three years. You know that, right? This guy has been coming for 30 years, to Reverend Moon. (Laughter) For over 20 years. The members of the Unification Church are not fools. They are all smart. How much they have tried to pick Reverend Moon apart, how much they have wished for his downfall, and how much they have watched to see if he lies... Do you think only the professors here can't do it? They have dug, pried, poked, hit, and bitten. When they tried it and it didn't work, they just sat tight. If you look at this, they are all using me; these guys. (Laughter) They are the ones who want to take advantage. Have you become comfortable? Isn't that right? Even Mr. Hwang has done everything as a president.

So, is there anything to be envious about? "Yes." Even those who are here for the first time feel the same way. There is nothing to be envious about. So what is wrong with Korea? If there is a world feast held in Korea, you can get free kimchi soup, and if you can't do that, you can at least listen to the festive sounds and sing spring songs. But does that make you envious? What that means is, don't leave feeling bad after coming. I, too, am a Korean person with the blood of the Korean people. Even though I am Reverend Moon, who is being scorned. I am saying to listen pleasantly today and go back. Do you understand? "Yes."

To become True Parents, one must pave the way of sacrifice for the world. So, centered on the history of Cain and Abel, I will conclude it from a principled perspective. Then, where will the judgment of fate take place? Reverend Moon is not doing that; Reverend Moon is the man of sacrifice, the man of sacrifice. Do you understand? What are you? You are the priests, the priests. By one person's sacrifice, you benefit. Isn't that right? If you take a small calf, make it bleed, and the village gathers to offer sacrifices at the shrine, isn't that how it goes? Isn't that right? That's the level of it. I have become the sacrifice.

One cannot pioneer as an individual; no one can walk the path of restoration for family, tribe, nation, or world. I have pioneered this mysterious path that no one can walk and have planted the flag of victory, and this highway is one that anyone can drive on as long as they know how to drive, do you understand? As long as you know how to drive, you can run. I have made that path.

So now look. Koreans must absolutely not despair. Just wait and see Kim Il-sung. They absolutely cannot invade and swallow you up. These days, whether Japan is like this or that, or China is making a fuss, Koreans will absolutely not perish, as long as the Unification Church members are here. With the Unification Church members, they just stretch their butts to heaven and say, "Kill me," while guarding the 38th parallel and the coastline...

If we are to die, we should pray that we die first. Today, all the heads of organizations, no matter what they are doing or what they are eating, there is no need to think about that. The ones who need to offer sacrifices are us. Do you understand? "Yes." We need to know that we are the ones who need to offer sacrifices. That's why we are turning around. That's why I have paved the way for all of this.

In the Unification Church, they say something like True Parents to Reverend Moon, True Parents? What need is there for True Parents? Since fallen false parents have come out, True Parents must come out. To become True Parents, one must pave the way of sacrifice for the world. It must be paved not for oneself, but for one's children. That is the way of heaven.

With this, I am trying to pass on the path that I have paved without taking a penny from you, to pass it on. Do you understand? Coming to Korea is to perform the transfer ceremony. I have been standing on the path of restoration for 18 years, sweating blood until today, and I have come to hand over everything I have paved to our poor Korean people. Otherwise, why would I come here? What am I doing in Korea? Do I have a house in Korea or anything? There are companies, but anyone can do it without me. What am I here for? I am here to pass on all the blessings of heaven that I have had to the Korean people.

Why does it have to be like this? If there had been no fall, there would be no Cain or Abel. God, the angelic world, and the world of Adam, these are the three. But as a result of the fall, what happened? The world of Cain came into being. Something that should not exist has come into being. This world of Cain is the elder brother. He is the elder brother but has inherited the blood of Satan because of a mistake.

So, in overcoming this, religious people must be a strength in making it submit naturally. America has lost that strength, Korea has lost that strength, and they are all just being despised... Pastors are cheap, globally speaking. But Reverend Moon is not cheap. I can work with my own strength. Even if I go to the remote areas of Africa, I know how to survive.

Today, I have built this economic foundation starting from the 70s. I have built such a foundation in eight years. What did I do in Europe this time? I have come to tie up the leaders, businessmen, and those who have been eating well in Germany and England, and I have come to set the economic policy for the future. You don't believe that, do you? There are PhDs in economics here, right? 

In the future, if we do not create a balanced economic system that can equalize resource countries, consuming countries, market countries, and producing countries, everyone will perish. The earth will quickly perish. But why are religious people playing this game? If no one else will do it, I must do it. We cannot let it perish. What, if Reverend Moon comes out, are they going to call him a Korean evangelist or a Korean industrialist...? These kids! Do you think I am doing this because I am worse than them?

What is it that our Unification Church is doing? What does the Unification Church want to do? It is to resolve the grievances of Jesus. That is the purpose. Jesus was not welcomed by the nation, nor was he welcomed by the people, nor by the tribe, family, or brothers. Isn't that right? Look at the Gospel of John. Jesus' brothers said during the Feast of Tabernacles, "Show yourself to the world," right? That means Jesus had grievances.

These days, the Catholic Church is making a fuss about the Pope, and I laughed. If Jesus had married and had children, what would happen to those who call themselves the Pope? If that had happened, would all the Popes have become Jesus' disciples or his direct descendants? How would that have turned out? If that had happened, would Christianity have split? If there were many sons and daughters of God, wouldn't the countries they live in have become good countries? They say all this and call it heresy... Nowadays, in Korea, the atmosphere has changed. Even pastors say, "Jesus should get married," and they say, "That's true!" I have brought it to that point.

Jesus is androgynous, right? He could become a woman by himself, right? Is the physiological function androgynous or masculine? "Masculine." Where did you see that? (Laughter) I have been scorned so much that now I can say it openly. (Laughter) What is there to hide? It's obvious... So, if Jesus is a prince of God, and if a person like a princess of heaven is quietly sitting next to him, wouldn't the prince's heart be restless? Would it not? (Laughter)

Our lady—who looks like a noblewoman with glasses—answer that. Would you say, "Hey, you! The prince and princess of God are restless... That's all a sin"? If I say it bluntly, I acknowledge history. I am making history acknowledged. To cover it up and be vague is to bury history. What do you think?

Where is the calm professor? Answer me. What do you think? If the professor is in the position of Jesus, and there is a beautiful princess of God like Jesus next to him, would he not have the thought of wanting to marry and live with her? Wouldn't that thought come to mind? If it doesn't come to mind... If he has been an elder and all that, what would he think? That is reality. A God who transcends reality is not needed by us. Our Unification Church does not ask you to believe recklessly. I am not that foolish.

So, you will acknowledge that Jesus should get married, right? "Yes." Will you acknowledge that Jesus should get married or not? "I will." The Unification Church has already acknowledged it, right? "Yes." The reason I am asking this is that there are pastors and elders here, so learn from this and follow it. (Laughter) If you don't believe it, just wait and see. You will perish, perish, perish. You will perish. You will sell out Christianity and die. After dying, where will you go? You will go to hell.

Ask Jesus when you meet him. Have you ever met Jesus? How is the spirit world... They say they will dig a hole in the ground and stand upside down to go to heaven, but do you think saying "Namu Amida Butsu" will get you to heaven? If you tie a rope and make all the machines turn, and sit there with a cloth on your head, saying "Namu Amida Butsu," then you will enter heaven. That kind of delusional religious era has passed.

That is why the Unification Church... Those who believe in the first generation of delusional religions will all collapse in the wilderness and become eagle food. To prevent the second generation from perishing, Reverend Moon says he will take on the mission of Joshua and Caleb. You must understand that I have come with the mission to nurture the second generation, even if the first generation perishes. Do you acknowledge that? "Yes." Then, do you want to be someone who facilitates Jesus' marriage? Answer me. What is something that makes Jesus feel good? "Marrying him."

Who should do that? The parents should do it. The parents should do it. Mary could not take responsibility. Woman, what does it have to do with you and me... When the scholars talk about making wine, what do they say? That is all a lie, a lie. Do you know why? If you come and ask me, I will teach you. "Woman, what does it have to do with you and me? To meet a spouse who can rectify the path of salvation and lay down the course... You should not become the son of a peddler, the son of a peddler."

With this, in front of the knees, the holy family of parents should come wearing what the pastors these days wear—what do they call it?—and every morning and evening, they should worship, present offerings, and pray to heaven, saying, "May the lord who has come to find the earth become the king of world peace." The king should be prayed for, and the queen should be honored, so that they can reign over the world and fulfill God's wishes. What need is there for a second coming? What need is there for a second coming?

Knowing this, knowing this, Reverend Moon is in a shocking situation.
I'm doing this. Knowing this, I am releasing the sorrow of Jesus. I am releasing the sorrow of Jesus that the nation killed. So what was the first start? It was to have the authority of a national and ethnic Messiah, so that the impoverished nations of the Middle East, which were against Rome at that time—now the Arab world—could unite and rise up against Rome, sensing a fortune from that time...

Look. In the meantime, Rome has dominated the world in the West, and here in the Far East, there is China, and India is right in the center. If the Middle East had united against Rome, India would have cooperated, and China would have cooperated. Do you understand? That is all centered around religious and cultural spheres, establishing Confucianism and Buddhism, paving the way for everything. Thus, centered on Asia, the flag of the Great Peace Kingdom should be raised to dominate the West from the Middle East... Why? Because Rome is strong, and if Jesus stirs up a breeze in the Far East, everyone will cooperate. To block that strong Roman Empire...

If that had happened, the Roman Empire would not last 40 years, I tell you, 40 years. The emperor of Rome, Caesar, would come and receive orders before Jesus, selling off all the heavenly intentions... So how could that nation be at peace?

Today, the United States has sold off the entire world order that could create a unified world after World War II. These guys are doomed. That’s why our Unification Church had to engage in this work.

Why did Jesus die? He could not become a familial Messiah, you understand? He couldn't do it with a family. A family cannot move a nation, so it has to be a national and tribal authority... Zechariah's family and Joseph's family are interrelated. They are brothers, brothers. Centered around one house, they all formed connections to establish a heavenly lineage, but conflicts arose between these brothers, and troubles emerged between the mother and father! The Bible does not record those troubles. I went to meet them, and after facing them, I understood.

So, Jesus, who could not become a familial Messiah, also could not become a tribal Messiah, and died. Isn’t it shocking? He was supposed to subdue Rome and unify the world, and with the authority of the King of Kings, all people should have blown trumpets and offered praises before the holy heavenly lineage, but instead, he left behind the tragic history of the cross. So how shocking is that? That sorrow must be resolved. That sorrow must be resolved. Christians must do that, you understand?

Unification Church members must become tribal Messiahs to restore and return.

What must Unification Church members do? So, what kind of person is Reverend Moon? He is someone who will raise you to become tribal Messiahs. Even if you cannot become a world Messiah, you must be able to play the role of a tribal Messiah. If you cannot become that Messiah, you must at least be like John the Baptist. Do you understand? So, this is what we are doing now.

You have heard of home church, right? Home church? You have heard of home church, right? Yes. Now the issue of home church is arising. Fallen humans are trying to restore individuals, families, tribes, and nations, all suffering and being persecuted throughout their lives, thinking they will go to heaven. Will that work? You need to establish representatives and have them pave the way. Once the way is paved, that’s enough. As long as you know how to maintain it, you are being made capable of running. I have paved the way, so you must establish the conditions for restoration and return based on that form...

360 homes must include people from twelve nations. It must start from such nations. There are only the United States and the United Kingdom. That’s why I left Korea. Do you understand? You must lay that foundation. Thus, centered on more than 120 nations, you must engage in a great battle, establishing the banner of victory from the position of unity with Satan, and you must lay the foundation of victory, receiving Satan’s receipt. To go to heaven, you must receive a receipt from Satan saying, "You are going to the Kingdom of Heaven from this position, so I have nothing to accuse you of." God does not give receipts. If you receive a receipt from Satan, God will stamp it. Heaven uses Satan to bring salvation. Therefore, you must win against Satan.

Now, why must that be done? You have lost your elder brother, you see. You have lost your mother and father. Abel, right? Who did you lose? "Elder brother." You lost your elder brother, and then what? "Mother and father." You lost your mother and father, and then what? "The archangel." And then what? "God." You lost God. What do you say? First, what do you say? "Elder brother." Next? "Mother and father." Next? "The archangel." And then? "God." You lost God. Where do you find that? You must mobilize all at once. If you try to find them one by one, it will take thousands of years, so you must mobilize them all at once. The only place where you can connect all at once is not a nation, but the world, the world. Do you understand? God's restoration providence is the world. You must go to the global judgment seat now.

When all were dragged away by Satan in the Garden of Eden, it was not individuals that were dragged away. The starting point was the global judgment seat. There, numerous nations and peoples were all included. Likewise, the proliferated humans can be seen broadly as men being Adam-type and women being Eve-type. They are all like an incomplete Adam, struggling to become Adam. Men are trying to become the unfallen Adam, and women are struggling to become the unfallen Eve, just like those groups.

So, they do not know God, and since they do not know God, they do not know the angelic world and do not know anything. Therefore, to teach about the angelic world and to teach about God, the Messiah must come. They do not know who the elder brother is, all of them. Can that be okay? Cain is the elder brother. If you do not unite with the elder brother... You must unite and say, "Hey, hey, hey, since you worked hard, you must receive the reward." The reward is given together. God is fair.

Abel works hard and receives all the blessings of the elder brother, but the elder brother, you see, does not know any better and tries to kill him, becoming a tool for Satan. He is on the front line of Satan. He tries to kill him. Satan is trying to kill him. Only when he does not die here and is naturally subdued will he finally know who his elder brother is and who his younger brother is. Why? Because of God, for God is the parent. Only then does he return.

When this brother becomes one like this, who does he seek? He seeks the parents. The parents are Adam and Eve. When he finds that, he realizes that he lost God, the archangel, the parents, and the children all at once from that standard, and on the world stage, he seeks everything with the cooperation of heaven and the angelic world, and then with the cooperation of all brothers.

Even if there is opposition, from that same position, he must confront all the followers of Satan, and only then will the very being that became the elder brother realize and serve the younger brother, establishing the standard to bow and say, "I will receive the blessings through you." Only when that happens on a global scale can history turn. Restoration, restoration. Otherwise, it cannot turn back. No matter how much the family has returned, it must go back in reverse. It must go back in reverse. It cannot turn back. Is the goal of God's restoration providence the family? Is it the nation? It is the world.

The principle of God blessing the second son.

Now, looking at this, I see that this Abel has two kinds of Cain rights, due to the fall. One is the Cain rights of the world of Satan, and the other is the Cain rights of the family, which includes all the relatives who gave birth to him. Isn’t that right? If I am Abel, is this Abel one or two?

There is also a familial Cain right. That is the relatives. Therefore, what must happen? The Cain rights of Satan's side and the Cain rights of heaven's side must become one. Do you understand what I mean? If that happens based on the clan foundation, what becomes on that foundation is the tribal Cain rights of Satan's side and the tribal Cain rights of heaven's side becoming one. They are your relatives. Clan, clan.

Why must that be done? You must create one. Originally, if there had been no fall, the angelic world would unite centered on Adam. What is the fallen angelic world? It is the Cain rights, and what is the unfallen angelic world? It is your relatives. Relatives do not oppose. Isn’t that right? They do not kill. They do not seek to destroy.

So, this family issue is not even a problem. Therefore, what must you do after leaving your home? You must fight and win centered on Cain and Abel, on the individual, family, tribe, nation, and world levels. And when you win, where do you return? You must lay the global foundation and return to your hometown, hometown. Do you understand? Religious people cannot start from their hometown.

Why is that? You must subdue the Cain rights of Satan and be able to restore all that authority back to Abel's rights. Therefore, when you stand in the position of the firstborn, when you return to heaven, you become the elder brother. When you fall and go out, Cain was the elder brother, but when you return, what does the younger brother become? "Elder brother." He becomes the elder brother. Such a shocking twist of history is tied up in this.

Thus, the good people of the historical process are on Abel's side, so they sacrifice repeatedly, and only after dying do they return. Isn’t that right? They are chased out of their own country and only after being killed do they find their place and return. Why is that? Because the twists of history are like this, the history of the struggle between good and evil flows in that direction. Do you understand? Yes.

Therefore, Cain, who was originally to become God's son and daughter, became the firstborn of Satan, so for that firstborn of Satan to return to heaven, the second son must stand in the position of the firstborn and restore all that Satan took away. That is why the historical riddle of Jacob buying the birthright was established. The principle of God blessing the second son is here. Do you understand? Yes.

In any society, what is first sought is the firstborn. It means standing in the position of the eldest son. The obedient person is the second son. The persecuted person is certainly the second son, and the persecutor is the firstborn. Then, when we speak of a sovereign nation, from the perspective of ruling the sovereign nation, the sovereign is in the position of the firstborn, and what about the citizens? The followers are the second sons. This is the same globally, both horizontally and vertically. Do you understand?

Then, when you can return after winning through the world from the position of the second son, you are returning for the nation. Of course, even if you return for the nation, that nation must not become an opposing nation. Do you understand? You must return when you are welcomed. Then, when there is opposition, you can return to your own tribe within that nation. You must understand that.

So, when you win in the world and return, this situation becomes a globally recognized standard, so even if you return to that family, you will inherit the conditions of restoration on a global basis. When you utilize that as a stage for the 5% of global restoration centered on the family, you can completely establish the conditions for restoration and go beyond the world to heaven. Do you understand what I mean? For example, whether it is a judge in a big city like Seoul or a judge in a tiny rural area, it is the same. The authority is the same. Why? Because they are in a position bound by legal conditions.

360 homes are the earthly kingdom of heaven that has condensed the global restoration rights.

Therefore, if you have won in the world, you inherit the authority of global victory and can engage in such work centered on this globally representative task, and by doing so, you can overcome all global restoration hardships. It is the same. That is how the conditions for restoration are applied. Do you understand what I mean?

Then, what has Reverend Moon been fighting for until now? Our Unification Church members are on Korean soil, but that is the stage of restoration representing the world, which is to be 360 homes. Why is it 360 homes? In terms of principled numbers, it includes the whole. It includes one year, twelve numbers, three times 120, and everything. It includes the numbers 3, 4, and 12, and it includes everything. This also speaks of historical periods. Furthermore, it has all the three-dimensional content of 360 degrees. There are four seasons, and this is the sum of twelve months.

So, in such a nation, such a place must ultimately include people from twelve nations, twelve nations. That is why the teacher has been seeking the United Kingdom until now. He has not come to Korea. Do you understand? After leaving the United States, where did he go? He went to London, England. Why? Because people from all nations gather there. And what did he do? He fought against the nations that oppose globally. You heard the news about the trial, right? Yes. Even if they try to expel Reverend Moon, they cannot do so within 120 days. He laid the foundation in just 120 days. He blessed there, did so in Japan, and now has returned to Korea.

Now, I am passing on all the conditions for restoration that have been established to you this evening. By inheriting this, what happens to you is that even while being on Korean soil, if you say, "What I have centered around the 360 homes is the earthly kingdom of heaven that has condensed the global restoration rights," then that connects with the global foundation that the teacher has laid. Do you understand what I mean?

Therefore, you do not have to suffer like the teacher. How can you inherit that? You are in a parent-child relationship. You are in a parent-child relationship. The characteristic of the Unification Church is that it is a parent-child relationship. It is about passing on the victories of the parents to the children.

Also, if the teacher has become a big tree, you must graft onto that. Do you understand? If the teacher has become the root, you must graft onto that root as one. It is the same. Do you understand? That is the kind of relationship it is. Therefore, the grafted branch itself becomes one tree that can share the sap of the entire tree. Do you understand?

So, the 360 homes can also be seen as three times the 120 nations. This represents the three eras: the Old Testament era, the New Testament era, and the Completed Testament era. It is all a comprehensive number. Therefore, you must now take a stand centered on the 360 homes and make a life-and-death decision. I have suffered and struggled my whole life to have a world stage, but you must now create one 360 home.

Then, even as a Korean, if you have determined such a position in Africa... That is possible. In the past, no matter how much you tried, you could not do it within Korea. You could not connect with the world, and there was no victorious foundation that transcended the world.
Because of that. Do you understand what that means? So the problem is how you will realize the heavenly kingdom from now on. 

Yes, centered around the 360 homes, you will fight with all your energy and your sons and daughters. You will oppose there. Even if you oppose, it is not about fighting. You cannot say, "You son of a gun," and get angry just because you oppose. You serve. You must go back to the position of a servant of servants, to the era of servants in the Old Testament. You must go from the era of servants to the era of adopted sons, to the era of sons. Therefore, standing in the position of a victorious son, you will determine the opponent and then receive blessings, thus ascending to the authority of the tribal messiah. This is the conclusion. Do you understand? 

The internal and external Cain rights must become one to appear as a tribal messiah. 

So when you establish this position, what happens is that your historical ancestors are mobilized. Why? Because since the fall, until now, your ancestors have all established a relationship through you in the path of restoration and indemnity. Therefore, all your ancestors can establish relationships, and from a horizontal perspective, they can connect with the world, and from a vertical perspective, they can connect with the future heaven. It will be an amazing era. 

From now on, those who opposed the Unification Church will have their heads cut off in the spirit world. They will be asked, "Why do you oppose?" Wouldn't it be better if they did? This phenomenon will occur as we enter the second half of the 1980s after passing through the three-year, seven-year course. So, the question is how you will become citizens of heaven. 

To become citizens of heaven, you must be able to have families and tribes within that nation and live in a country that can become one with that nation. This is the conclusion. 

Therefore, to enter heaven, you must now deal with sin, home church, centered around the 360 homes. What this means is that it is the fallen archangel's authority. The archangel originally should not oppose heaven. It should not oppose. This has expanded the world stage, and this is the fallen angelic world that has been reduced to draw that world in. In the language of the Unification Church, it is the rights of children of faith. Do you understand? It is the rights of children of faith. That is the individual, family, and tribal rights. 

Now, it is not only that. After this is over, you must return to your hometown. You must return to your hometown and unify your relatives. Who are your relatives? They are the archangelic type who did not fall. 

When that happens, those who stand in such a position will be the ones who have restored the angelic world that assisted Adam in the Eden before the fall and the fallen satanic world that caused Adam's fall. Because they are in the position of having made both angels one on God's side, there will be no one to oppose. There will be no one to oppose. Do you understand? Since there is no one to oppose, when these two become one, these two entities, that is, the internal Cain rights and the external Cain rights—if we look at this from the Cain side, it is Abel-like, and from here it is Cain-like—by becoming one, they will appear as a tribal messiah, the messiah. You must understand that. 

But why is that necessary? That is the problem. Why is that necessary? Because through the fall, everything was taken away by Satan. Everything was taken away from me, and then my family was taken away, my tribe was taken away, my nation was taken away, and my country was taken away. As a result, what happened? My counterpart was stolen away. You must understand that. There can be no counterpart. Where is the counterpart? 

So what did Jesus do when he came? If everyone had believed absolutely, he would have restored everything within seven years. Then, in the process of restoring the nation of Israel and the people of Israel, what would the messiah do? When these two Cain and Abel rights become one tribally, the messiah in the position of the parents of the tribal rights will appear. When the bride is welcomed in the position of these two tribes, what will the tribal messiah become? It will inherit the position of the true parents. It will become the true parents. Do you understand? 

What is the desire of Jesus? Jesus had to do such work centered on Judaism. If he had done such work centered on his tribe in a place united with Judaism and the nation of Israel, that would have become a global standard, and the world could have united, but that did not happen. If Judaism and the nation of Israel had welcomed him, centered on his tribe, that tribe would have welcomed the messiah based on the national standard of Israel and chosen the bride among them, thus appearing as the national true parents. The same logic applies. Do you understand? 

If you do not know this, there is no way to establish your destiny to enter heaven. This is the formula. This is not only for Christians today. It is not only for those who believe in the Unification Church. Whether one believes in Christianity or not, everyone has entered into a common realm of benefits globally. All religions and everything have entered. Therefore, since the time has come, God will sweep away all religions and everything. Do you understand? It is that easy. If not, your personal restoration, family restoration, tribal restoration, national restoration will be a one-way street, a one-way street, a one-way street. 

So, the teacher, while being opposed globally, established the conditions for indemnity on a global basis, and centered around September 18, 1976, in this opportunity that surpasses the second year of the three-year period, he will finally return in glory. 

There is a saying about returning in glory. That is the position. So what is the gift given to you when you return to your hometown? It is the gift that allows you to become a tribal messiah. Do you understand? 

So what must the Unification Church do? There is no need to build a big church now. Once you evangelize these 360 homes of the tribal messiah realm, when they become the foundation to welcome you, you will naturally return to your hometown. Therefore, when the day comes to welcome the Unification Church globally, it must be established within the three-year period. This three-year period must be established. Jesus could not become a tribal messiah during his three-year public ministry, right? The only way to run to the world is through this. This is the time when all of humanity has come to inherit the sacrificial merit of the Unification Church. The condition to inherit that is because we have a relationship of wealth. Do you understand? 

So now, whether in Japan or the UK, what has been instructed is… There are no exceptions. There are no exceptions. So where do the members of the Unification Church go? They must return to their hometown. They are returning to their hometown. So when returning to the hometown, do you know the instruction to evangelize 84 people centered on the three disciples of Jesus, the twelve disciples, and the seventy-two disciples? So this is up to the engagement stage…. Until three years, what is it? It is to make one Cain. It is to make one Cain. After that, you must return to your hometown and unite with your wife centered on the hometown Cain and advance to the position of true parents. That is the three-year period. Combining that, the seven-year period is something everyone must go through. Therefore, the Unification Church has three years left after engagement and marriage. Do you understand? 

That is how it will be. This is the formula. This is what Jesus died for. 

So what are the three disciples? They are for the restoration of the family of Adam and the restoration of the family of Noah. What does that mean? It means being able to stand in the position of the family messiah. Right? It becomes the center of the family of Noah. Right? The family of Noah has eight members, right? The family of Noah is in place of the family of Adam, so it becomes the eight members of the family of Adam, which means it appears in the position of the family messiah. What about the twelve disciples? This is the tribal messiah realm. Right? The people of Israel were formed around the twelve tribes. What about the seventy-two disciples? This is the national messiah realm. 

So, from the family messiah to the tribal messiah, then? "National." The national messiah. Then it transitions to the position that can save the nation. When the nation is saved, it transitions to the position that can save the world. The stages of restoration are such a formula. It is an undeniable formula. 

Thus, the question is where the destiny of providence comes to an end. Do you understand? If a person's fortune is good, where does that fortune end? It does not end elsewhere; it ends in the family. It ends with the restoration of the family based on the tribal messiah. Do you understand? 

The significance of each training session in the Unification Church. 

So what will the Unification Church do from now on? Those who enter the Unification Church will go through a training process. How do they go through the training process? There is a two-day training session, then? "Seven-day training session." Seven-day training session, then? "Twenty-one-day training session." Twenty-one-day training session, then? "Forty-day training session." Forty-day training session. So, a total of seventy days of training is necessary.
So what is the training over those 70 days? It means that people who have fallen due to ignorance can restore their fall through knowledge. 

Then what is the 2-day training? It is about turning the ideologies and concepts that one has held until now in the opposite direction towards a new direction. This can be said to be at the stage of the restoration providence, similar to the expectation of restoration providence. Therefore, a person who has lived in a confused world until now thinks, "I must go to the Unification Church's 2-day training."

Next, what is the 7-day training? From the 7-day training, one enters the era of resurrection. It corresponds to the completion providence of the Old Testament era. By entering the completion realm of the Old Testament era, what does it mean? It means that one must think about welcoming the Messiah of the New Testament era. Do you understand what I mean? Therefore, receiving the 7-day training corresponds to the Old Testament era and is a period of liberating the resurrected personality.

Next, what is the 21-day training? It corresponds to the New Testament era. Therefore, one must become a person who can welcome Jesus as the Savior, who could not be welcomed before. In other words, it means completing the personality of John the Baptist in front of the substantial Messiah. Do you understand what I mean? In other words, it means completing the qualification of adoption.

Then, when one receives the 40-day training, they stand in a position corresponding to the era of the covenant, entering the position of grafting. It is the position of grafting. Do you understand? Because it is a place where one welcomes the Messiah and enters into oneness, it is only then that one can receive the position of a son who can inherit the lineage of the kingdom of heaven. By doing this, one inherits the qualification of being a son of God, which is higher than that of an unfallen Adam. Therefore, what must happen to that son? What must happen? He cannot just go to heaven as he is. He must obtain the qualification of a son, which is what is aligned with the home church. He must engage in the historical struggle within the home church and achieve victory.

This historical struggle means, "I am now facing 360 families, but this is a branch that represents the world, which the parents fought for and won, and I am fighting with that branch!" Do you understand? There, one fights against Satan. That Satan also fights representing the world. Even if the issue of whether I live or die is at stake, one must fight unwaveringly, and by making the 360 families naturally surrender, one finally becomes the Messiah. 

What is the Messiah? It is the one who has subdued Satan. Right? It is the completed Adam. That is the messianic position. It is the completed Adam. Therefore, since one has become the completed Adam, one can now welcome the bride from a position that is free from the accusation of Satan. By welcoming the bride, one can finally become the tribal true parents within that realm. This is the principle.

So what must Unification Church members do today? To become a member of the Unification Church, one must undergo the 2-day training, 7-day training, 21-day training, and 40-day training, totaling 70 days of training. The 70 days correspond to the number 7, which is also the number representing 7,000 years. It means that I become someone who can restore what was fallen due to ignorance through education and knowledge, subduing Satan and heading straight to heaven.

Becoming a tribal Messiah and walking the path of labor leads to heading straight to heaven. 

So when I enter, if I lead my family and tribe, it means that Jesus became a tribal Messiah. After that, going to the nation happens automatically. Thus, the resurrection is individual, the family is growing, and then the tribe is completed. This is how it works. Therefore, once one becomes a tribal Messiah, this can remain. If you cannot fulfill this, then... Because of this principled content, on the day you establish only this traditional thought, centered around the Unification Church, you will enter an era where you can expand this global new paradigm across borders, transcending nations, day and night, 24 hours. Do you understand? "Yes."

For example, how many people are there in South Korea? How many are there in North and South Korea combined? "50 million." If we say there are 50 million, and if we take five people per generation, how many generations is that? Ten million generations. If we say ten million generations, how many houses would that be if we divide it by 360? If we distribute it like this, if we only engage in this movement, Korea will become the kingdom of heaven on earth.

Given these results, this will undoubtedly lead to an era of global competition. Then, who will be the most troubled person in South Korea in the future? Those without a paradigm will have to go to Africa. They will inevitably seek a paradigm. Do you understand? So, the era of great migration is coming. Those opposing the Unification Church, such as established churches, if the pastors of established churches come to know this principle, even if they distribute the tribal foundation firmly, they will have nowhere to go. Because they must transcend nations through this principle, they will have no choice but to go to Africa.

Therefore, it is not the time for those who opposed to be blessed; they will lose their country. Well, at that time, the country will unify, but during that period, even if they want to return to their homeland with sad eyes, they will not be able to return. This time, I could have returned from England to America, but I did not. On the way back this time, America must plant all its flags upside down. Reverend Moon cannot return without victory. Do you understand what I mean?

Then, Unification Church members, what we must do from now on is to organize. We must organize. Korea is doing this work, and Japan is also fully organizing, and we must earn about 2 billion won by October 16 within 21 days. Special instructions have been given to build the headquarters. We must earn about 2 billion won in 20 days to build the headquarters. "You all seem to be unable to do it," so I went and commanded that gifts be given to enable you to earn 2 billion won in 21 days to build the headquarters. It will definitely happen.

Next, I blessed 1,610 couples. Do you understand what I mean? Korea must also align with this principle, and you all... whether you are a professor or an elderly professor, whether you are part of the 36 families or someone like Lee Sang-heon or Park Bong-ae, there are no exceptions. There will come a time when there are no exceptions. If you cannot do this, I do not know you. This is not my word. 

What God has desired throughout the numerous historical processes is to grant the privilege of having that hell, which He has designated, become the heavenly base representing the heavenly land in such a free environment. This has been the history of God's hard work since the beginning of history, and you must understand that it has been a history of sacrifice involving many religious leaders.

Today, Reverend Moon has walked a suffocating path of sacrifice throughout his life to grant this to all people. Therefore, you cannot help but respect someone named Moon. The first generation may not come, but the second generation is all on my side. Just like those who came out to the wilderness and disbelieved became food for eagles, the Christians who opposed me and the Unification Church will all perish and become food for eagles. However, it is not God's will to destroy them. They are all my brothers, so I have been praying and engaging in interdenominational movements, spending money to save them, even if it means carrying a heavier cross. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Then where is the providential destiny judged? Where is it judged? It is not in South Korea itself, nor in the United States itself. Now, based on the foundation centered around 360 families, you must become a tribal Messiah over the course of three and a half years and fulfill the role of tribal true parents there. Therefore, by making this a single clan, you must establish a global foundation that can praise and not accuse Satan, allowing your families to head straight to heaven from this earth. Here, the destiny of restoration, the providential destiny, comes to an end.

Then what will Unification Church members do during this time? When the teacher goes to the global stage, you must connect the historical ties and global ties in South Korea. The national realm and the global realm have not been connected at all. Those who follow the teacher are not only South Koreans but also people from all over the world. All races are connected. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, when you take on such responsibilities, the angelic world will cooperate.

Now, when you take responsibility for the world, the spirit world will cooperate. On the day of the third 7-year course, in the year 1981, the fortune opposing the Unification Church will tilt towards sunset. Do you understand? "Yes." Then, seven years later, after passing through 1987, the communist world will be divided. Do you understand? "Yes." After the communist world is divided, we will not lay the foundation; we must lay the global foundation before it divides, and underground, before spring comes... In that winter, where the ice is frozen, a life base must emerge with buds. It cannot be absent. Do you understand? This is the movement we are currently engaged in.

So, I have heard that many have sent tears in secret, and if they cannot meet on earth, they have made solemn farewells to meet in the spirit world. Do you understand? Our Unification Church members are also in the Soviet Union and in those satellite countries. You must know this. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." When spring comes, they will pave the way for us to go. Therefore, the more they oppose, the more they will crumble. The second generation in the Soviet Union is crumbling. It is the same as the second generation in America entering the Unification Church.

Now, just wait and see. America is worried because there are too many Unification Church members. That will happen. Do you understand? There will be a human situation. They cannot help it. The ancestors of the spirit world—this is the angelic world—are attacking from three sides. Their entire lineage of Cain has come down to the earth and is driving everyone out. Then the angelic world of the spirit world is also driving them out. God is orchestrating such a movement.

Therefore, in the future, the Unification Church will evangelize even if it remains still. Wouldn't that be nice? That is what is happening now. The business in Japan is not done by our Unification Church members. The spirit world is conducting all the business. Look, how much is one of our vases? It sells for 5 million yen in Japanese currency. Can you believe that? Where is our Ilshin Stone Company president? Yoo Hyung! "Yes." That guy, it was made cheaply, right? It costs only a few thousand won, right? The cost is like that, right? Yet it sells for 5 million yen. Usually, it is 1 million yen in Japanese currency. How does that happen? The spirit world is taking all the wealth and selling it! Buying it means being blessed. So, one person bought it for 20 million yen. Yes, 20 million yen. They bought it for 20 million yen. The spirit world said, "If you buy this during the Japanese crisis, it may become worth several million dollars in the future when the time comes." That is what is happening. So how can they not buy it?

So, the spirit world that cooperates in business, wouldn't it also cooperate in human business? Wherever Reverend Moon goes, such history unfolds. This tsubo (つぼ: jar), what is it called in Korean? "Flower vase." Is that a flower vase? Did it have flowers in it? Anyway, the spirit world that cooperates in selling that jar, why would it not cooperate with people? People are not even worth that jar. Why? They eat breakfast and change, eat lunch and change, and all these kids who come and go, can they cooperate? But this jar, it never changes. Right? It does not change in spring, summer, autumn, and winter.

So, even though I came to Japan without a penny, after 20 days, more than 2 billion won will come in. Wouldn't that feel good? So from now on, we will do business globally. A house can be built for about 500 million won. And based on the rest, in Japan... In Japan, the banks are now trying to lend us money, but there is no one who can utilize it. And don't let President Kim get greedy. There is plenty of money...

Now, I say "Misen-sho" (みせんそ), which means "taste" (味) and "immortal" (仙), and "shop" (莊) is called "sho" in Japan. So, I have created a restaurant called "Misenjang" in Korean. Anyone can come here, and even the fat sumo wrestlers in Japan can eat all day for no more than 1,200 yen. So, they all say they are losing money... What is there to lose? Is Reverend Moon going to lose money? I can now clearly pave the way to bring this financial situation to Korea. Wouldn't that be nice? "Yes." Wouldn't that be nice? "Yes." I thought I was going to die, but now that I hear I can make money, I feel excited. You have to be prepared to die to see such good times.

The path to heaven is through the home church. 

So, where do you have to go? The home church. You must return to your hometown through the home church. After falling from the Garden of Eden, having the fate of ruin through family, tribe, nation, and world, you will pass through the fate of prosperity, and through the home church, where will you go? You will go to heaven. This is the path of destiny.

Therefore, it is impossible not to believe in Reverend Moon of the Unification Church... Go ahead and boast, is it true or not? I am saying to try it. Because of such a thing, this smart Reverend Moon is now suffering and engaging in this work throughout his life. Do you understand? "Yes." He is giving everything he has built as a foundation. He has built all the buildings, and he is giving you the documents. I don't know how the documents for building houses turned out, but if you have the documents, you become the owner.

So everyone must go to the 360 home church. We must start from September this year. The United States will also start, and everyone will start. Before October, you all in Korea will pack your bags and set off with the teacher. How many houses are you heading towards? "360 houses." Not 360 nations. For how many nations is the teacher heading? I packed my bags for more than 360 nations, but I have fought and struggled to win, but how many houses are you going for? "360 houses." Instead of 360 nations, if you fight and win centered around 360 houses, you will receive the same equal condition of indemnity and the equal lineage of blessings. Do you understand? "Yes." 

To do that, here, professors must also receive the 21-day training and the 40-day training. You must undergo the 70 days of training, including the 2-day and 7-day training. Otherwise, you cannot become a full member of the Unification Church.
Where did Dr. Han go? Ah, this old man who says he doesn't need any religion is sitting there like that, so do his disciples praise him? He's getting old and about to die, and he has to go on a 70-day journey and whatnot about home church... You have to receive 40 days of training to have a home church. I want to have the Han family's home church, but Dr. Han loves the Han family very much, yet he cannot love that Han family. He cannot love the Han family. To love that, you must pack your things and go out and love the people in the home church area representing this world more than the Han family. Otherwise, Satan will not submit.

Up until now, he has been in a position where he loved Satan more than God or even an angel... That's why he made Jesus go through that ordeal. After doing that, when the day comes when this is possible... There are the 12 disciples and the 70 disciples, right? If they all gather and go back to their hometown, if just one person can hold onto three people, the hometown can be completed in a 21-day training. 21-day training. Do you understand? It doesn't even take 40 days.

Just gather however you can, gather the soldiers and have a 21-day training... At that time, everyone who says they like the Unification Church must enter. With mouths that are like a trumpet and ears that are like a drum, they will say, "I just want to meet Mr. Moon of the Unification Church and just want to hear about it." It will happen like that. If you go like this and do just a week, two weeks, or three weeks of training, your clan will become one, and at that time, Dr. Han will be able to receive blessings.

Everything received until now has been my responsibility. Centered on the 21-year course, I have taken responsibility, but now at the end, you must bring such conditional foundations. Until now, since these people had no way to go, I took responsibility and brought them along, but now I must create a way and drive them all out, all of them. Whether it's the Cheongpyeong or anyone else, they will all be driven out. Even the ones who are seeking to live will be driven out.

You must become the tribal True Parents who unite the brothers in the home church. So don't come looking for me at the headquarters. You don't have to love Mr. Moon or anything. Up until now, what has Mr. Moon of the Unification Church done? He has taught how to love, how to love in a way that Unification Church members can love. Then you must love more than the teacher. Do you understand? Your own clan, do you understand? You must love the people of your home church more than the teacher. The standard is to love more than the teacher, and then who should you love more than anyone? You must love God more. Do you understand? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Who must you love more than anyone? "God." And then? "The teacher." You must love more than the teacher. That's what I've taught you. You won't die if you don't love Mr. Moon. You won't go to hell. He is waiting for you, having gone ahead of you. Do you understand? There is no need to feel sympathy for the teacher.

So when Jesus was going to the cross, he said, "Don't weep for me, but weep for your children," that is what he meant. Jesus' path is already paved. Do you understand, clearly? If you don't know this, you can't go anywhere. Where do you have to go? "To the home church." For the home church, where do you go? "To the hometown." What happens when you go to the hometown? "You become the tribal Messiah." You become the tribal Messiah, and then? "You become the True Parents." Oh! You get married, receive blessings? "You become the True Parents." If there is a bride, there must be a groom.

What this means is that Jesus, after ascending to the spiritual world, comes down to earth riding on clouds, that kind of providential age... The home church here is the angelic world, right? Jesus is also in the angelic world. He is not in heaven. The home church, having descended from the angelic world, where does he come? He comes back as his tribe. What will he do with that? He will create one brother, and what will he do? He will obtain his wife, and what does that make him? "Tribal Messiah." Tribal? "Messiah." What does he become? "True Parents." He becomes the True Parents. Therefore, to save this fallen world, the tribal standard must be established... for seven years, for seven years. (The recording briefly cuts off.)

Now it is not like that; there is no opposition. There is no opposition now. The age of opposition has passed. If there is opposition in Korea, you can pack your things and go to places like New Zealand. Do you understand? Live in a country that does not oppose. England does not oppose. This time, a member of parliament named Poloz has completely submitted to the Unification Church, and Reverend Moon has already fought and won in court, making everyone submit. The whole of England has turned upside down. "I thought the Unification Church was bad, but it turns out to be the best!" That's what they say. When they meet all the Unification Church members, they realize this is it. So there has been a problem in London, and three mayors have come to study the Principle, saying they need to research it. It has become a topic of conversation. So they are whispering to keep Reverend Moon from going out. Why? "Because our England will survive..." they say.

So how about Korea? Do I need to be there? "Yes." Do I need to be in the Unification Church? "Yes." Should I come and live in Korea now? "Yes." Will you feed me? "Yes." After having used me so much, will you now give me a salary and let me live comfortably? "Yes." Will you do that? "Yes." You've developed a bad habit. I have fed you and taken good care of you, and you just look at the teacher, just look at his face, and that’s it. What are you looking at me for? Do you understand? You need to drive them out, drive them out, these children! It's time to go. 

36 families must come here. So when I came this time, I firmly told Kim Won-pil. Do it here! This is the true gospel. An Asian can live in England. If Jesus could do that, he would never have died. If he had crossed the border of a country in the Arab world, he would have lived, but now Reverend Moon of the Unification Church will not die no matter how much the country opposes him. There are plenty of countries to go to. Do you understand? You can go to Japan or anywhere else. Korea won't oppose, right? Did I do anything bad in Korea? There might be some officials from the government here, but you must know that such a time has come. If I return around mid-November this year, what I must do before then is to make all this happen.

If we win in the home church, God will also be liberated. On the day this happens, the Unification Church will develop day and night. It will develop day and night. Because the content of this Principle is like this, the world will occupy even the communist realm without fighting. Do you understand? It will occupy Africa without fighting. Now, 5 million followers of Kim Bang-gu in Africa will come over to the Unification Church. Do you understand? The organization will come over.

What the U.S. State Department fears about me is that Reverend Moon is a monster. For years, he has had all the black people in his grasp, so if I give an order, I can make anything happen. I have all the black leaders in my hand, and I have also done the same with the Spanish community, having united all eight factions fighting in Cuba into one. Do you understand? And when I go to Cuba, the teacher will say... Cuba is a Catholic country and a communist country, so anything strange will be suppressed, but still, "We will take over Cuba, so when the time comes, please be the leader of all factions, whether Catholic or whatever," that is what they are saying. This is what is happening.

Also, all the world scholars... This time too. When I went to London, there are 300 famous professors in the Peace Professors Council, and when my trial case came up, they all wrote letters of petition. That would be enough. If the Korean government builds a bridge for me, I can call in all those famous professors, Nobel Prize winners, and so on. Do you understand? Do you know that? Even those who cannot move, if a bridge is built, I can make them move. You need to know that.

Now, putting all that aside, that is not a problem for me, and you should not dig into the ground. I don't need to do all this while saying I am restoring the world or whatever; there is no need to set a global net and surround it. You all need to put your foreheads together and center around 360 families... This is the altar of the world, the altar of the world. It is the altar of the world, and if I become the offering, if I die and save all these people as offerings instead of guests, when the day comes to do as the teacher says, these people will absolutely not die like Isaac. Do you understand? They will not die. Do you understand? Do you think I am less than Abraham? Do you understand? I am not less than Abraham.

So strive to the point of shedding blood. Sleep there, go to work there, and live there 24 hours a day. Go there to relieve yourself, on the hometown land. Then you will be blessed, and the spiritual world will cooperate. The spiritual world will cooperate. Because of this, what is the problem here today? To finish the destiny of providential fate and the destiny of restoration, to escape the accusation rights of the satanic world, to establish the liberation rights of the angelic world, and from a position equipped with liberation rights before God, you will surely be able to enter heaven. It is this complicated. Do you understand what I mean?

By achieving this, the nation of liberation for humanity will come, and by achieving this, the sorrow of Jesus will be resolved, and by achieving this, God, who has been pitiful and wronged until now, will be liberated. God is not able to act as the true God. By achieving this, even Reverend Moon, who has been chased and insulted, will die thankful before God. This is the teacher's wish. Do you understand? "Yes." And you will also die thankful. Therefore, your descendants will say, "Our ancestors who met the teacher in any age did not become the ancestors of the fallen but became the ancestors of the completed restoration," and thus you will leave a time of good ancestors who will be praised for thousands of years. Do you understand? Therefore, 

the history of restoration will come out like this. 

We must resolve the path of fallen destiny so that the fortunes of heaven and earth can interact. Now, raise your hands if you want to participate in this work. Raise your hands if you want to participate. Put them down. Do you understand? Raise your hands if you are blessed. Raise your hands if you are blessed. The same goes for the blessed ones. That is why, until now, you have given birth to children and loved your wives, but without laying this foundation... From a principled perspective, you cannot love your children or your wives without laying this foundation.

The teacher has walked that path. When our Seong-jin was born just a few days ago, he said he had to leave everything and walk this path... Why must he walk this path? If Adam is perfected, even if Eve falls, as long as Adam does not fall, Eve can be created as many times as needed, right? Our Seong-jin's mother is opposing so fiercely. By not bending to that, the teacher can establish representatives as many as needed. The same goes for blessed families.

Even if you are dragged into the satanic world, do not fall. If any Unification Church members have fallen, please inform your husband or wife. "I have fallen, so you remain, and even if I flow into the world, do not perish," you must become a wife and husband who can pray for blessings and return. Do you understand? In other words, even if you perish, you must save your husband. Eve caused her husband to perish when she herself fell, which is against the principle.

Isn't our wish to establish this thought and cross over the hill of resentment? So, by doing this, we are crossing over the hill of resentment. We are resolving the path of fallen destiny. Do you understand? "Yes." Do you understand for sure? I will say it again; you must not forget this. If you only know this, it is okay to forget everything else.

The principle was that unfallen Adam and Eve would be supported by angels and God, but because they fell, the angelic world was created. This must go on a personal, family, tribal, national, and global level, but it is all blocked by walls. We must break down all these walls, and these walls must collapse so that anyone can enter here. Just like the tides of the ocean, if the water of the Han River flows for a certain period, it will ride the current that can circle the world from the Pacific Ocean. In this way, we must ride this authority within the world, the authority. From individuals to families representing the world, tribes representing the world, nations representing the world, and the world representing the world, we must pave the way. We must break down all these walls of indemnity. Therefore, heaven and earth, the fortunes of the heavenly world and the earthly world can interact.

Then you will ride the waves of this fortune... You are a whirlpool, a whirlpool. You have the form that can represent this... You know what a crystal is, right? You know what a quartz is, right? The shape of a large crystal is the same. Because you have entered the era of benefits where you can cross anywhere without obstacles, just like this crystal, when you win centered around the 360 families representing the world, you can go to heaven and return to your hometown regardless of the path of global indemnity. Reverend Moon has been trying to return to his hometown until now. When I came back to Korea this time, I finally brought hope. Before that, I couldn't bring hope. Now I have something to say before this nation. I have something to say. It is the same for you.

So what I will say this time is that our mother and father are all in the spiritual world. In worldly terms, we should hold a memorial service, right? We cannot hold that service, but all those things... I must fulfill my duty as a child. We also have our tribe. We must fulfill our duty as children to our ancestors, and we must fulfill our duty to the descendants. Then there is the nation. We must also fulfill our duties to the nation.

Then, if I do this, our Unification Church... The Moon family will be blessed. Are there any Moon family members here? There are no cursed Moon family members. Until now, they have been cursed. They are trying to die, so they are cursed. There is nothing as foolish as the Moon family. Wherever they go, they are gathered in the neighborhood, and they are often robbed or deceived, just being insulted and pushed around. I represent them, so the Moon family is like that.

Now, such an era is coming. So if the Moon family is blessed in Korea, who else will be blessed? The Korean people will be blessed. If the Korean people are blessed, then the Korean nation will be blessed, and the North and South will be liberated. The North and South will be liberated. The North and South will be liberated, the North and South will be liberated. When the North and South are liberated, the second generation of the Japanese nation will all dig tunnels across the Tsushima Strait and say, "Let's make one country."

The Unification Church must share blessings for the world. From now on, the members of the Unification Church should have compassion for the Japanese people. The Japanese people who opposed us, the enemy nation of our people in the past,
Do not be divided? "Yes," that era has passed, it's all over now. The borders have disappeared. The spiritual borders have disappeared. So, the good spirit of Japan comes to Korea to cooperate. Do you understand? "Yes." I am calling them all. The spirits of America and the spirits of Britain, I am calling them all to gather in Korea and make history.

Does that sound like a dream? It sounds like a lie, a blatant lie, but just try dying. When your spiritual eyes are opened, see if it's a lie. You cannot understand such things. Because that era has come, now is the time for the Unification Church to help Korea, and now is the time for America to help Korea. This is not something the current leaders will do, but the second generation will do it, the second generation.

So, instead of seeing each other as enemies, we should see everyone as brothers, and from that perspective, we should have a deep love for the world and embrace it. We gather and take out the representative nations that I need from among them. This is what the sixty families are about, right? "Yes," it's called the home church movement.

Then what is Reverend Moon's mission? It is the mission of nurturing tribal messiahs. Do you understand what that means? Who is Reverend Moon? He is someone who makes people who know nothing, people scattered across the world, into tribal messiahs. By making tribal messiahs, what do we do? We create people of the world. We make them into God's people.

Since Korea has become the nation of aid, all Westerners are coming to Korea. Do you understand Korea? So, do not sell all the lands in Korea cheaply right now. If you sell them in ten years, they will sell for a high price. It will definitely happen. Now, foreigners will sell all their assets and come to Korea to build houses and live. This is happening now too. In England, three hundred and two couples were married, and everyone there is clamoring to come to Korea. They want to marry Koreans. This is not a lie. Everyone is like that. Just thinking about it is astonishing for Koreans. The women feel the same way, wanting to marry Eastern people...

Now, if you stand in that position and receive blessings, those blessings are not just for you. If Mr. Moon receives blessings, those blessings are not just for Mr. Moon. Through that person, blessings are shared with the nation and the world. So, you must endure more hardships. Do you understand? When the Unification Church receives blessings, it is not for the Unification Church itself, but to share with the world, to give everything away, and then what is due to them comes back to me. I will give it to them. If they did well, they will receive more; if they did poorly, they will receive less. Do you understand or not? "I understand." This is something you must know.

Jesus also died for this, and I have suffered my whole life for it. This is a miserable thing. There is a lot of resentment. So, let’s liberate these poor Koreans, these poor Unification Church members. Isn’t that right? It’s time now. So, shall we do it or not? Shall we? "Yes." Now, let’s raise our hands again. This is unbelievable. Put them down. Let’s raise both hands and make a pledge. Done. 

Engagement and Blessing Ceremony
"There is a curfew here." (Someone next to him reminds him) What time is it? "It’s eleven-thirty." What time is it now? "It’s eleven-thirty." If it’s eleven-thirty, everyone should be asleep. (Laughter) "It’s already late." What? "It’s already late, we need to go back." I am sweating and talking, and you’re thinking of going? You should be punished. (Laughter) Ah, we came after almost three years, and who has been here for a long time...? (Laughter) This is the Unification Church style, so we got criticized, right? (Laughter) What does night matter?

This time when I came to Japan, I tied up one thousand six hundred couples in two days. Do you know if it was night or day? What is it? After a 26-hour flight, I went straight there, and at ten-thirty, I started at one o'clock. When would I tie up one thousand six hundred couples? It was so crowded it was scary. Two thousand two hundred people gathered, including the executives, four thousand people gathered. They were all sitting there saying they wanted to get married, think about it. (Laughter) Just think about it, with this ugly Moon sitting there, all these young men are sitting there saying, "I want to get married," think about it.

I came on the 25th, but I was supposed to come on the 23rd, but I extended it for two days. So, I rushed... The wedding ceremony was the only thing left. Do you understand? So, it’s not just an engagement. It’s an engagement and blessing ceremony. (Laughter) It’s different. Do you understand? It can be both an engagement and a marriage. So, I had no choice but to create a name. It’s called the "Engagement and Blessing Ceremony." (Laughter) So now we just need to do the wedding march. (Laughter)

So this year, I need to send a special envoy for this. There are special envoys in the world too. No matter how much Reverend Moon is a quack or a charlatan, he knows the principles of heaven and understands human morality. If the time of heavenly victory has come, then we need to send a special envoy, a special envoy. This is a special envoy.

Originally, a man is supposed to marry at the age of twenty-seven. So, like Jesus, he goes through three years of training and marries at thirty, then goes through another three years, totaling seven years, and only after surpassing thirty-three does he start married life. That is how it is. That is not a plan of Unification Church Moon. That is how the heavenly principle is. Since the parents went that way, the children must go that way too. That cannot be changed.

So when I look at Western people, by thirty, they look old... How old are you now? "I’m twenty-seven." They look old, their eyes are droopy, and they look half-aged. That’s right. They age on the outside. Even if you see a sixty-year-old Eastern person, they don’t look like a thirty-year-old Western person. It’s astonishing. In a world where people are cheating every day, swapping wives and husbands, in the Unification Church, they say there are many sins, and this is a ridiculous game. You have to wait while gasping for breath. So, inevitably, we need to shorten that.

To do that, certain conditions must be met. So, since this is the time to bring this joyful news, originally, the blessing was given at twenty-seven, but it has been lowered to twenty-four. After being engaged for three years, based on that three-year standard, entering the living rights at twenty-seven grants a three-year reduction benefit. Do you understand? Reverend Moon said he would do it, and God said, "Yes, do it." (Laughter) Do you understand? This is something that Dr. Han could not do, something that Dr. Bae and other doctors could not do. Therefore, such things must all be received from Teacher Moon. Do you understand? I know it may be disrespectful to the doctors, but given the circumstances and the content, I am telling you clearly.

The value of marriage in a joint blessing ceremony
So this time, will Korea do it or not? Would you like it to be done? "Yes." Why do the blessed people say "yes"? Because they are thieves. (Laughter) Now, where are the unblessed people? Would you like it to be done in Korea or not? "It would be good if it is done." So, if we do about three thousand couples, since it was finished in two days in Japan, how many days should it take in Korea? "One day." One day. We promised, right? Do we promise? (Laughter) If it cannot be finished in one day, if it cannot be done in one day, pack your bags and quit. (Laughter) That way, there is prestige, prestige. You all sit there, and like the thirty-six families, it absolutely will not be arranged that way. Absolutely not. If you don’t like it, Korea will have no benefits, you little brats! None. Marriage and engagement, do I care? If you want to go, go find your parents! Why should I work hard and sweat to do that? Because you will listen to me, right? Do you want to lose to Japan or not? Do you want to lose or not? "We don’t want to lose." And the fact that the thirty-six families discussed it was not good.

I don’t know if it’s possible or not, but I came with the intention to do it, but if even a little bit goes wrong, it won’t happen. And the wedding can be held anytime within three years. Do you understand? The wedding can be held on the last day of the third year, and that is all fine. It is the same as living together for three years.

So, in my opinion... America now has about one thousand six hundred people, eight hundred couples. It’s close to two thousand people. Since everyone is coming, if two thousand people come, it costs two thousand dollars per person, that’s four million dollars going away.

And how many from Japan now? Three thousand people need to come, how much is that? Even if the plane ticket is fifteen hundred dollars each, how much is that? If it’s fifteen hundred dollars each, how much is that? For three thousand people, it’s four hundred fifty million dollars, and if we include the Western society, it’s ten million dollars going back and forth. Now, the reckless Reverend Moon, no matter how much he doesn’t know how to calculate, thinks, "Let’s do it." Would you rather deposit that fifty billion or throw it all in the air and bring it to Korea for a joint blessing ceremony? Which is better?

Look. If they come to Korea and get married once, it will last for thousands of generations... Our ancestors, in what year did the teacher come? "1978." What month in 1978? "October." What is that? In October, getting married in Korea is something that can be sold for a thousand years, ten thousand years, a thousand generations. That’s how I think. When thinking about such things, money can always be earned, and money is always the same with us, but the time of the teacher is only once. Do you understand? The time to send a special envoy is only once. Do you understand? There won’t be a second time. Do you understand? "Yes." This is something that cannot be bought with money. In that sense, this is a big issue.

Join the joint blessing ceremony that will turn the world upside down
So what does the teacher think? That’s the thought. If we wait about three years, Japan will have five times the number of one thousand five hundred couples. What is five times one thousand five hundred couples? Seven thousand five hundred, five times five is twenty-five (5×5=25), seven thousand five hundred, what is seven thousand five hundred plus one thousand five hundred? Nine thousand, about ten thousand couples, let’s set up a big tent in the vast wilderness of Japan and then gather all the Japanese people. "NHK, until now you have opposed Mr. Moon, gather everyone! Let’s talk face to face." We need to gather and do it once. If ten thousand, twenty thousand people gather to get married, what will Japan be like? Will it be flipped? (Laughter) It will be turned upside down.

And if America does the same, America will surely have even more. Without a doubt, America will have more. If we go for about three years, it will be about five thousand couples, and if we do it grandly at Yankee Stadium, then after that, through the Telstar satellite, immediately, what do they call it when they do it live? "Live broadcast!" Through the satellite, the world will be... (Laughter) That can be done. Reverend Moon does things that others cannot do; how many thousands of followers are there? Now, even with one thousand eight hundred couples, it’s not even close to Korea’s one thousand eight hundred couples, and there is nothing more appealing than that. I think this way. How do you feel about that? "Yes."

This time, while coming, there were people from America saying they would come, about ninety-two people. Then when leaving London... This is increasing every hour. So, sixty people, how much was it? I mentioned it. They can’t come if it’s more than seventy. Seventy is the limit.

So, what are those people coming to do? What are they coming for? Westerners are trying to marry, so why are they coming to the East? They want to marry Koreans. So, let’s raise our hands if anyone wants to marry a Westerner. (Laughter) Can there be no one? If I command, you must do it. (Laughter)

Now, when inviting guests, should we treat them poorly or well? We should treat them well. How should we treat them? Should we treat them poorly or well? "We should treat them well." That’s right, that’s right. So, I told the people coming from Japan, "If all the Korean paddlers do not want to do international marriages, then I will let you do it." They are all coming from Japan now.

So, knowing that time is late, I will sleep a bit, and you all stay here and stay up all night. (Laughter) I couldn’t sleep last night. I couldn’t sleep the night before, and I haven’t slept at all. Can you all stay up for a day? It’s okay, right? "Yes." The doctors can’t either. (Laughter) It’s better than all going to jail. (Laughter)

Now, what is it? My words are finished. Report. (Laughter) Tell everything that Congressman Fraser was curious about in Korea. (Applause) * 

I must go now
Today, I will speak on the topic "I Must Go." We know that the land we live on is not a world governed by God’s presence. Because humanity has fallen, this earth is ruled by Satan and is undergoing a historical process to achieve Satan’s objectives, heading toward the end of the world.

Overcoming the world of Satan and establishing the world of heaven is humanity's purpose
Among them, one person is me, one country is Korea, and one group is the Unification Church. However, we must understand that our position, or that of our nation, is not centered solely on Korea but has a historical perspective on the world. Furthermore, the Unification Church, as one church, is not limited to a particular sect but carries a historical mission on a global scale.

So, what is the final destination humanity must reach? It is to overcome the world of Satan through us and realize the world of heaven. The question is how to achieve that. This is the purpose of history, the purpose of humanity, and furthermore, the purpose of a nation, an organization, and an individual.

You have received God’s calling and have gone through many historical processes, leaving behind different historical backgrounds. Whether from the South to the North or from the East to the West, we have come together to fulfill this historical responsibility, and it is not a coincidence that we have gathered in the Unification Church. You did not think of this since birth, nor did you think about it in every step you have taken until now. However, the fact that I was born and have gathered in such a meeting indicates that a greater historical force is at work.
If I exist, then God has intervened and guided our historical destiny, leading us to be present in a place like this today. 

From that perspective, when we consider the direct issue of heaven and me, and further, God and me, we must think that there is a world-historical content unfolding here, or a significant cosmic mission and calling. 

Now, if I have received a calling starting from Korea, how should that departure be? It must go beyond the individual. If we cannot overcome the individual, we cannot establish a victory in the world of Satan. Thus, we must transcend the family, the tribe, the nation, and move towards the world. The evil forces that block this path are the powers of Satan, which we have learned through the principles. 

In this path, there are both invisible enemies and visible enemies. The power of that enemy is not limited to any specific nation. It blocks the entire history that goes beyond nations, towards the world, and further, towards the future destination beyond the current world history. Moreover, it is the invisible and visible enemies that engage in fierce struggles to ensure that this path does not open forever. We must understand this fact. 

We did not realize that this entire power structure was attacking us as individuals. We did not know that this power structure was surrounding and attacking our families today. Furthermore, we did not realize that the nation and the world have entered this encirclement, unable to find their direction or maintain their position, leading humanity into this miserable path of destiny. 

Those who are called must go towards a predetermined goal. 

So, the path we must take centered on the individual, the path towards the purpose of our calling, is not a path we can take according to our own will. It is a path that must be taken by the clear will of the one who has called us. We must clearly understand that the historical path of calling that we could not take remains as the path we must go. Therefore, there is a path left for the individual, a path left for the family, a path left for the Republic of Korea, and furthermore, a path left for Asia and the entire world. 

This path cannot be taken voluntarily, even if the nations differ, the historical traditions differ, and the environmental habits differ. It cannot be taken to the east or to the west. We must go towards the predetermined goal. If I cannot go, my descendants must go, and if my descendants cannot go, then there remains a path that must be paved through history. That is why we must aim for God's will, and we must understand that our individual selves, our country, and the world we live in are encompassed within that will. 

This path is extremely long. Even in our lifetime, we must think about how to walk this path, how to live, or how to engage in a history of struggle or suffering. When we consider how miserable, painful, and horrific this path that the entire world must take beyond the individual will be, we must recognize that we have been called to overcome this path. 

Then what is the end? The end is not a time when this calling is limited to our national sphere or our family sphere. It may be placed upon the individual, but that individual is connected to the world, and it may be placed upon the family, but that family can connect to the world. And the era connected to the world is not merely a present reality but a time that can connect to the will. The end cannot be anything but a time when we can newly settle the entire historical path and set a decisive limit of victory to leap forward. 

As you know, everyone is saying that we are truly in the last days. Those last days are the last days of the individual, the last days of the family, the last days of the nation, and the last days of the world. Furthermore, when viewed in light of God's will, it is the last days of the will, the end of the will. 

What is that will? Until now, history has not fulfilled the original purpose of God but has begun as a fallen world, a history of sorrow, a history of pain, and a history of suffering. Therefore, it is a time when we can overcome and transcend all these historical realities that God does not desire. It is seen as a time that must be settled. 

All relationships of fallen humanity are formed not in correspondence but in opposition. 

In the past, as we traversed historical distances over long periods, we established a path of indemnity and advanced step by step. However, that is not the case now. Everything is laid out flat before me. Moreover, the environment that has appeared before us is so chaotic that we cannot have any expectations; it is a stage of confusion and disorder. We have reached a point where we cannot discern what is good, what is central, or which country or system can guide us. Therefore, today’s world has reached a stage where we have lost ourselves. We have reached a stage where we have lost our families. We have reached a stage where we have lost our homeland. We have reached a stage where we have lost the world we live in; this is what we see as today's miserable chaotic world. 

From one perspective, one might see this as a "historical dark age," but it is not. Rather, it is a pit from which we must not fall but a time that heralds the beginning of a new providence that can leap over and beyond. Just as there is pitch-black darkness before the dawn, we must recognize that a time of leap is approaching us to meet that bright new morning, and we must prepare ourselves fully to overcome and transcend all this darkness. We must stand before the purpose that has called us to such a position, and at the same time, we must place our families centered on ourselves before that purpose. Furthermore, we must fulfill our responsibility to place the nation, the world, and the purpose before that purpose. We must think that fulfilling such responsibilities is the standard of the purpose that has called us today, and we must move towards this place. 

Globally, today, we humans, whether male or female, are losing our value. In families, when we look at parents and their children, the entire family is also falling apart. In society, when we look at any central figure and their counterpart, we know that all hierarchical relationships are not in correspondence but in opposition. The same is true for nations and for any ideology or thought. 

Even in today's democratic world, I do not feel welcomed or hope to be included; rather, I wish to transcend it. I want to overcome and escape from it, and I want to deny the present; this is the reality of the democratic world. The communist world is the same. When we see it transitioning into a suffocating world of confrontation, we realize that none of this is the world we welcome or desire. The time has come to transcend and overcome this world. This world is a world of darkness, a world of chaos, a world where the center and the counterpart cannot become one. We understand that this entire aspect of the end of the century is not meant to destroy humanity but to serve as an opportunity for a new determination, new resolution, and new hope to leap forward. 

Therefore, even when I consider myself today, I have gone through such history. Everywhere I look, there have been confrontations of individuals, confrontations of families, and confrontations of tribes, nations, and the world. 

Why is that? Because the world of darkness is blocking the way forward. The more we push forward, the more it does not resolve everything from the individual to the world; rather, the more we push forward, the more we collide with barriers, leading to a time that is not vertically ascending through individual times and family times but horizontally and flatly emerging. 

Only true people can overcome all the problems of the world. 

In the past, we have played the game of finding true humanity through history and seeking true families, true nations, and true worlds, but we have not yet seen the resolution. Even if we have seen some resolution, it is merely a stage. Therefore, there remains a path to ascend to a higher-dimensional world beyond that stage. This path does not disappear just because we have resolved it in our current era. It may seem resolved, but there remains a stage that must be resolved again afterward. This is similar to how a vertical battlefield is not separated but compressed. Sin is the same. We are in such an era. 

That is why the world we live in today, my life as an individual, is subject to historical invasions and historical influences. Even the Republic of Korea cannot survive on its own. The Republic of Korea is necessarily within the era that is directly influenced by global historical trends. No matter how much we try to avoid that influence, the environment that has already been established is such that it is a time when the Republic of Korea cannot go alone. If the Republic of Korea is to go, there is the issue of Asia; if Asia is to go, there is the issue of the world; and if the world is to go, it is not only about the visible world, which humans today only think about, but we must recognize that the spiritual world is also waiting. 

Today, in this abnormal chaotic era, what is even more chaotic? We find that spiritual phenomena are unfolding in a complicated manner all around us. What does this mean? It means that the world that is compressing and pushing in is not limited to the visible world. The invisible world, the spiritual world, has compressed this world from its position. 

If there is a way to cut through this compression all at once, if there is a time when we can cut through the problems of families, tribes, nations, the world, and even the spiritual world all at once, that time would be the most desirable time for humanity. 

If God exists, He must prepare such a time of resolution, and if there are individuals and religions that follow God's will, there remains a mission to break through such a stage and establish a decision of victory. 

We must understand that this dual purpose of the caller and the called can be overcome all at once, and that time remains in the historical end we are living in. That is why we must leap; we must take a leap. Even when we leap, we must cut through. We cannot simply ride over it. We must cut through and then leap. 

So, what will we use to cut through? Will we cut through with force? That will not work. Can we cut through with any knowledge of the world? We cannot. Then, can we do it with power? That will not work either. If we could overcome this with knowledge, we would have already done so; if we could do it with power, we would have already done so. What will we use? We must use truth. 

That truth, as seen from the perspective of the people of the Republic of Korea, is based on their traditions, habits, and cultural backgrounds, and it varies according to the intentions of the sovereign. Living under the legal authority of the sovereign, we advocate for righteousness and truth according to the law. Therefore, it is different for each person. We cannot rely on those different laws. Thus, we must have something true… what is that truth? It must be true humanity, true character. 

What is that true character? Among that truth, there will be true individuals, true families, true tribes, true nations, true worlds, and true spiritual worlds. We must be such true people who can advocate for all of these and, furthermore, unite them before the true God. 

To cut through the powers of Satan, we must use the sword of love. 

Can we cut through this with the power of a true person? Even if there is a true person, there is no method or means to cut through it. This can only be cut through with the sword of true love of a true person. Without the sword of true love, we cannot cut through all the historical traps that have been compressed. 

Therefore, the responsibility to cut through this in this historical end has fallen upon religion. If God exists, He has the responsibility to cut through this, and that is why He has expanded the system of religion in the world of humanity towards that direction. We must restore true people through this religion, and through these restored true people, we must cut through. This is not the power of authority, nor the power of knowledge, nor the power of money. It is simply the sword of love that a true person has for humanity. That love must be concentrated. 

If such a person exists, they do not love individuals here in the east, then go to the west to love families, and then go to love nations. They must concentrate all their efforts. The love for individuals must be directly connected to the love for families, and the love for tribes must be directly connected to the love for nations and the world. The love for nations and the love for the world must not diverge but must be connected in the same direction. Furthermore, the path of love for God must also be connected in the same direction. The path of love that one loves and the path of love that God desires are different. Therefore, we see that there remains a path of destiny that must be connected in a straight line to cut through. 

So why did heaven give us a calling, and how did we receive that calling? The purpose of receiving that calling is to cut through this. 

Then what does it mean to cut through? It means to cut through the invisible powers of Satan and to cut through the visible world of Satan.
Yes. Here, we should not confront with power. It should not be with anything else. We must cut through this with the sword of love.

Therefore, what is it that you must always have, whether you are asleep or awake? What is the weapon we need to equip ourselves with? It is not about having some means of living that allows one to survive on their own. It is not about the morality that some humans living on this earth claim. It is not about the ethical system. This will inevitably be invaded and will come to an end. Therefore, we must possess a character that can overcome this, a character that can break through this difficult situation and become the protagonist of love.

So, if God calls a person, what kind of person will that be? That person is not someone who is outwardly impressive in character, nor someone who is strong in inner conviction. Rather, they are a person who possesses patience. Even if they appear weak, they carry the sword of love and, with the heart of love, when they confront all of this, they can cut through it and remain. Without becoming such a person, we cannot move toward the destination of our calling, nor can we be recognized as having reached the path that we must walk before the one who called us.

A religion that can transcend the world can stand before heaven. The title of today’s message is "I Must Go." You have lived as you pleased, but now, at this time when you must determine your fate, you must complete the character that God has presented. You must possess a character that can be represented as the ideal of all humanity.

What does that character reflect? It must be reflected in my personal life. However, that life is not an isolated one; it must necessarily have a social aspect. Living with such a character means that in this evil world, in a world that leaves behind two original sins, it is fundamentally impossible to live welcomed. Where they appear, arrows of persecution will be concentrated from all sides, and on the path they take, barriers of fierce struggle will collide. They will face challenges personally, within their family, and on a tribal, national, and global level.

However, even if they cut through it, it still remains globally. If they have cut it in the Republic of Korea, even if they have cut it personally, within their family, tribally, nationally, it still remains in countries like the United States. In such countries, there are still individuals, families, tribes, and nations remaining, so even if they claim to have cut it and achieved victory with the victorious shield of the Republic of Korea, it will not suffice. In the arena of struggle that is the world, if a country stands before the global stage, that country also has individuals, families, tribes, nations, and states. Even if a developing country has cut it, the rights of individuals, families, tribes, nations, and states in developed countries remain, making it impossible to overcome this. This is because, as a weak country, the weaker it is, the more it will be encompassed by the central powers of the world, and we must recognize that it will only serve to illuminate a regional distribution.

Therefore, all religions must transcend. They should not pursue a faith that is confined within a sect but must develop into a religion that appears as a national subject ideology and, furthermore, as a global subject ideology. Toward the end, they must push forward all currents of the world, with the past steps passing through individual rights, family rights, tribal rights, national rights, Asian rights, and aiming for the forefront of the world. This sounds like a dream. We must recognize that such a historical destiny path remains.

However, compressing the entire world and pushing it forward does not solve the issue. If it were something that could be overcome by my own strength, God would have already done it. God is the being of power, the king of knowledge, and the master of all creation. If it were something that could be achieved with such means, it would have already been done.

So why can’t it be done? Because a true person has not appeared. Throughout history, many people have come who possessed everything. Many knowledgeable individuals have come. Many powerful individuals have come. Many who boast of great wealth have come. There have been many who possess all the authority that we can boast of and can present themselves before the entire world, but such people cannot bring an end to it.

Therefore, setting this aside… The religious framework here must be transcended. It is a call to strive to supply new strength. So, you all know the terms like putting in sincerity, praying, and so on, right? This is not a religion of individualism but a religion that can overcome and remain in the historical context of the world.

From this perspective, even though Christianity today occupies the global landscape, it is exceedingly foolish to see Christianity itself standing in a sectarian position and fighting within its own church. There are numerous religions, but sects are in conflict, claiming that their own sect is the best, that their own sect has been born…

When viewed in relation to religion, the purpose of God calling us and calling religion is not to overcome reality but to overcome historical world history. That is why it has been established. Nevertheless, there are religions today that cannot transcend national rights. Or there are certain tribal sects. There are many paths of various religions. Whether it is a religion centered around a tribe or a religion centered around a nation, there are various forms of religion. However, even if there is a religion for a tribe, it cannot survive as a religion that only serves that tribe. Even if there is a national religion that represents a nation, that national religion cannot survive if it only represents that nation. Even if it has become a global religion that transcends and overcomes a nation, it cannot survive merely as a religion among the world. Only a religion that can overcome and transcend the world can stand before heaven as a called religion. This is how it is viewed.

In this context, when thinking about humanity and religion, and religion and God, it is not about a religion among humanity but a religion that can overcome humanity. When considering history and religion, it is not about a religion within history but a religion that can overcome history. Why must it be so? Because all history does not move forward in a world where character can be found within history. We are not in a position to hope or determine victory or defeat within history. It demands a victory that can overcome history at the end of history, because it has originally aimed for a world that can transcend today’s history, and history flows toward that place.

The Republic of Korea is the same. What must the Republic of Korea do to survive? It must become a nation that can overcome and surpass the many countries in world history, those within that fateful realm. Then it will remain as a global nation. Even if the Republic of Korea stands in such a position, it cannot survive solely on its own. There is a fact that heaven is behind it, possessing and calling the Republic of Korea.

So, what does it mean for the Republic of Korea to overcome the world? Even if it stands in a position to overcome and surpass the world, there remains one thing to overcome: how to overcome the historical religion. With a global religion, the unseen inner strength and the visible reality must become one to overcome and surpass the global.

Only through God’s ideology can the body and mind become one.

So, within yourselves, the body and mind are fighting. This struggle has never ceased since history began. It is because good and evil have been sown in this way that this person unfolds into a tribe, and through this struggle, a tribe unfolds into a nation, and through the unfolding of the nation, it develops from a state to the whole world.

Therefore, at the end of days, the inner, mental person’s world and the outer, physical person’s world will be separated into the spiritual and the material. This is how it is viewed. Because one reaps what they sow, in the end times of humanity, the world of the mind and the world of the body will clash head-on and fight.

In the past, there was a visible world, so we came out toward that form, but now we are in a saturated world, entering into chaos, where the goals of communism and democracy themselves are becoming blurred. Where are we going? Where are we going? Thus, the two are fighting. They are fighting even as they are dying. They are fighting until the very end.

Then, when is the era of completion for humanity, the era of happiness for humanity? It is when the body and mind of the person who has been fighting become one… What will they unite with? This is the question. If God originally created people in this way, to be able to fight between body and mind, then that God is not an omnipotent God. He is not a God with ideals. He can only be a God who presents chaos and ruin. The reality that has been created is the fall.

Then, in this era where the realm of the fall can be overcome, we must make this person, who has been fighting between body and mind, into one. What can make them one? There remains a pit that makes it impossible to unite. The evil enemy, the unseen satanic realm, and the visible reality of the satanic realm are blocking the way. This must be cut off. Isn’t that so?

What will it be cut with? It cannot be cut with national power. It cannot be cut with the faith of any religion, or with doctrines or teachings. Only by possessing the love like God can it be possible. It cannot be done with just the person themselves. When the power and ability of love that a person can exert manifest, then the body and mind can become one through that power of love. You must understand this.

So, where is the source of that love? Who is the subject of that love? It is not me. It is not me. It must be God, who is the source. God is the subject of our life, and God is the subject of love. Because God is the subject of the source of everything, the body and mind clash through the power that springs from love.

When we think of this, the religion presented by God must become one who overcomes the world. It has been said to overcome the world. That world is not the world within the historical limits in which I live, but it refers to the world that overcomes and transcends several billion years of history and moves toward the era of transcendence. Jesus Christ did not come to this earth for the Jewish nation within that era. That world refers to the history that represents the end times, which can be overcome and transcended.

When we consider what our most urgent issue is, what is the urgent issue that the Unification Church must present? What is the urgent issue that today’s world religions must present? It is not about possessing any global power. It is not about creating some global economic power. It is not about establishing a global repository of knowledge. Of course, all of these are necessary, but after overcoming all of this… Before that, no matter how much you do, it will become useless.

What must come first is to become a person of character who possesses the ability to defeat the unseen satanic forces. It is to become a man and a woman. Then what must be done? Based on that foundation, we must cut through the iron net of historical progress compressed by the satanic enemy in one stroke. The question is whether one can become the protagonist of love who can do that or not. Do you understand what that means? Without becoming a true person and without possessing the power of true love, one cannot leap, cannot achieve victory, and cannot make a leap.

Humanity now hopes to leap toward a new ideal type, to make a leap, to overcome, but with what will that be done? It cannot be done without becoming a true person.

Then, what kind of person is a true person? From the very beginning of the historical era, it is true. The process is true, and the end is true. This truth is a stage of truth that can draw a circular path, not by descending but by riding on its own orbit and must rise to draw the circle. Moreover, what is evil? It is the opposite of truth, possessing a character that draws a circular path.

Then, what kind of human is a true human? What kind of person is an evil human? What kind of person can draw the circular path of truth and occupy the realm of the world? What kind of person is one who is occupied by the realm of evil and cannot overcome it? What is the boundary line? The boundary line is the self. Humanity has become the boundary line.

So how do we overcome the self? When we say "I," it encompasses everything. My home, my country, my claims, my thoughts, everything revolves around the entirety of me.

What is the center of the realm of evil? The self is at the center. God should exist for me. The nation should exist for me. Everything, including teachers and society, should exist for me. The evil world is one that envisions a dictatorial system centered on the self. Everything else is a no. It must be about me first; it must be centered on me for it to be a yes. Do you understand? What kind of person is an evil person? It is one who seeks to globalize centered on themselves. While globalization centered on oneself may seem good, what kind of view is that? It is one that has deviated from God and deviated from true humanity. It stands in a position that can separate from God and true humanity. Pursuing a worldview centered on the self is evil. Such a person is a villain.

Then, what is the realm of the true person? It is to pursue ideals. It is to sacrifice today’s self to discover tomorrow’s self. Today’s self may be powerless, but tomorrow’s self aims to be powerful. Today’s self may have lost everything, but tomorrow, it seeks to find it. These are the claims of such individuals.

Therefore, there are two types of people in the world. Those who dream of dominating the world centered on themselves are all part of the evil realm. They are under the governance of the evil realm. However, those who sacrifice themselves to pursue tomorrow’s truth, who sacrifice themselves for tomorrow’s ideal world, and who can put their individual selves, their families, and their nations into that sacrifice are those who can possess the hope of tomorrow, standing on the opposite side of evil.

When we look at that path, all those who came to pursue goodness in the historical era…
It was inevitable that they would be eliminated from that world. The more one approaches that world, the more rebellion occurs throughout that world. Therefore, when we look at the entire past of the saints and historical figures who have come and gone, they have all been persecuted. As the influence of such individuals expands, the opposing forces of that influence also expand globally. The more admirable they are, the more they are not recognized and increasingly criticized globally. This is how they are eradicated. They aimed to uproot everything. That is why we know that such a struggle has been ongoing. Jesus also died on this path. Thus, after history has passed, after that entire era has gone by, it is inevitable that it will appear in a new time.

The history of the Unification Church is a history of persecution. The reality of such historical movements will manifest today as a similar historical tradition, and it will be the same when someone appears representing heaven in the end times. There will inevitably be a clash. This struggle, expanding from the Republic of Korea to the world, is one that can overcome this satanic world with a posture of strength and character, capable of overcoming with God's love, as long as God exists... 

If one insists on their own desires and centers their worldview around their own concepts, they will inevitably be extinguished. 

So, what kind of religion is the Unification Church? What has the Unification Church come for? It has emerged as a problematic religion in the late 20th century. What kind of person is Reverend Moon, who leads the Unification Church? It is a globally notorious organization. It seems like it will perish, yet why does it not disappear? That is the problem. Everywhere it goes, it faces opposition, and everywhere it goes, people spit on the Unification Church, saying it will perish, that it will disappear without a trace, yet how has it survived? That is a mystery. How has the Unification Church survived today? While others are being persecuted and the world is crying out that everyone is dying, our Unification Church, on the contrary, is advancing with dreams for tomorrow's hope, awaiting the final command! Is that so? "Yes." Is that really so? "Yes." When commanded, we must have the power to overcome life and death and must strike with the power to separate life from death, but what is that sword? What is that sword?

From that standpoint, we must all understand. The history of the Unification Church is a history of rebuttal, a history of persecution. The history of Reverend Moon's era is seen as a history of being chased, cursed, and oppressed. 

Why is that? It was not for oneself. It is not about dominating the world centered on oneself. It is not about dominating the world with some ideology or thought of Reverend Moon and creating a form before humanity. The existence of "I" has already disappeared within history. My life itself has all flowed away within history. 

However, the only thing that can remain is what humanity desires and what God desires, which is to possess a certain character. Beyond that, one must be able to possess a love that can break through this compressed final barrier, true love. Only such a person will remain in history, and only the love that such a person possesses will remain as a guiding light for a nation moving in the direction of victory after overcoming this evil world, the visible world, and the invisible world.

In other words, it is nothing but love. It will be a world of love. Many people have spoken of the world of love, but when it comes to the content of that love, was it not for some personal desire? That place is where God can rest in a free and unrestricted space, where He can freely act. Why is your family good? Because that family is a base for free activity centered on parental love. Likewise, God must be able to act freely.

For God to act freely... What does that require? Not money, nor a power base? No. It is not a kingdom of knowledge. No matter how shabby it may seem, if one possesses the shining core of love among those who have overcome the world, it is possible. When such an internal human being achieves a certain external social form, then God is free.

Isn't that right? When you go as a guest to someone's house, is it not uncomfortable? Why is that? It is because there is no bond of love. It is awkward because the bond of love is not established. It is awkward.

So what path must we take? It is the path of developing character. What is that character? It is one that must overcome the individual, must sacrifice the individual for the sake of all humanity, for heaven, and be able to sacrifice one's family, one's tribe, and one's nation. 

An existence that centers only on itself will disappear within history. 

Regarding today’s Republic of Korea, do not say that you sacrifice only for the sake of the Republic of Korea, which has 35 million people in the South. You must take the direction of sacrificing for the 4 billion humanity. Today, even if there is economic revival, if it is only for the Republic of Korea, that will disappear. No matter how much revival there is, it must be based on the expectation of economic revival that can benefit Asia, and beyond Asia, the world. This is the traditional ideological foundation upon which we must seek economic revival. Such a revival is what we can hope for and establish. However, a revival that abandons the world and the heavenly principles is one that can perish quickly.

It is certain that advanced countries in the world are blessed nations. However, if those advanced countries boast of their authority for the revival of their own nation, the end is not far off. 

Even looking at the United States today, I have confronted it. No matter how much the United States has become a great base for establishing the cultural world of the 20th century, if all the achievements of that established culture culminate in results that serve only the United States, then the United States will be punished by the world and will face judgment before the Lord of the world. Today, Christianity is the same. Christianity has formed a cultural sphere and has established a democratic world, but this Christian principle must not become a principle that abandons the world and humanity for the sake of Christianity itself. If that happens, it will be punished.

You must understand this. 

When I returned to Korea after several years, I found it had changed a lot. In the cities, I hardly recognized it. It has changed a lot. However, do not boast about this. Today, the Republic of Korea, which has harbored a sense of resentment in the end times, is now making a leap forward with the first step of unity. So where is the limit of that leap? If it just goes around in circles within the Republic of Korea, it will perish. It must face the world... 

(Recording cuts out briefly)

What about our Unification Church? In some ways, the more you think about the Unification Church, the more it receives criticism yet remains quiet, even when it is oppressed. But that does not mean it is perishing. Rather, there is a leap here.

To overcome the individual, one must conquer the body that can overcome the individual. This body, here, young men and women, this body is the satanic devil. Why? If you look for the sin, it is the framework of love. Love is sin. Love centered on oneself, animalistic love centered on oneself, uses others, whether they are men or women. It regards everyone as its own food. That is satanic. That is doomed. It is doomed.

We must save the nation. That is necessary. (Recording cuts out briefly) It is not about fighting and cutting everything off. It is about a strategy of taking hits and coming out. The evil satan employs a strategy of hitting and taking away, but good people employ a strategy of taking hits and coming out. You must understand that. Even that strategy, if you know the method, is simple.

That is why historical figures up to now have been persecuted in their times, but later they all... The authority was struck down as a national traitor within a single tribal authority, and according to the flow of time, that authority does not diminish but rather grows. It expands from a national scale to an Asian scale, and then to a global scale...

Even someone like Jesus, who represents Christianity, was executed as a national traitor after three years of uproar by the Sea of Galilee. He did not disappear or diminish. By returning, what happened? Did he grow or not? He grew, right? "Yes." It is the same.

This movement, the starting point is in Cheongpadong, all of it. "Let's go to Cheongpadong!" and as we go to Cheongpadong, it has become so famous that it is associated with the Unification Church, but it did not just spin around there and disappear. This has become a problem and has caused waves to reach the world. Isn't that right? Who did this? Reverend Moon did this.

Your family is the issue. Pulling the family and working for the tribe... I do not tell you to live well in the Unification Church. From that perspective, you may feel a bit uncomfortable. The leader of the Unification Church, Reverend Moon, whether man or woman, gathers everyone and tells them to sacrifice for the nation. It is all about gathering them together. If your body resists, it says to catch and beat it. If your family opposes, it says to overcome that. If society opposes, it says to overcome that as well.

One must have a principle that works for humanity and the world to remain forever. 

Now that I have returned, I think, "I must pull all of this from the Republic of Korea to the world and push them into a path of hardship." Are you welcoming that? "Yes." "Oh, living in this small peninsula of Korea, even if I live a thousand years, I will be in a miserable state, so before I die, let me at least go to the world stage! Leading with the Unification Church, let me go to the world stage as I please..." If you think like that, you will be punished. You cannot use the Unification Church. If you try to use the Unification Church, you will perish. It will perish. Look at Congressman Fraser this time. All those who have opposed the Unification Church have perished. Just wait and see. They will be shattered.

What time is it? (Laughter) What time? "It is six twenty-five." Huh? "It is six twenty-five." It hasn't even been an hour yet. What do you mean it will perish? What will happen to the Unification Church? "If opposed, it will perish." 

Then, according to that principle, what should Reverend Moon be like? If he goes about doing things his own way, will he perish or not? Huh? (Laughter) If he does things his own way, will he perish or not? "He will perish." The Americans who do things their own way, the American administration, Fraser, they will all perish. However, those who seem to be in a position to perish, if they do not act on their own but follow the principles of humanity and the normal path, will they perish? Will they perish? "They will not perish." They may not perish. (Laughter) That is because the time has not yet come, so they may not perish. We will have to see when that time comes. When that time comes, whether Reverend Moon has perished or not... What will happen? That will be interesting.

When I go out to America and fight, why is Korea making a fuss about me? Just because America is the leading country in the world, I am fighting with these people. It is not for my own sake. Of course, you may think differently in Korea, but I never thought of it centered on myself, yet behind the scenes, there is a fuss. It is not just one person; the Republic of Korea is fussing, and the world is fussing.

That is why black people are on Reverend Moon's side. All the minority groups in America support Reverend Moon. They have completely split into two factions. Which side has more people? The colored races have more people. When the fight occurs, the decision of victory will be formed. Why? Is it because Reverend Moon has good means? No, it is because historical destiny is such. It will conclude in accordance with heaven's will. Do you understand? "Yes."

What is the path to being blessed? Do you want to be blessed? Women, do you want to be blessed? "Yes." These days, young women think of the teacher since he has come, thinking, "Oh, if I am blessed, I will have a good husband..." (Knocks on the table, laughter) And they ask, "Honey, where did the teacher go?" or "Honey, when will I be blessed?" Those who ask this... they are all doomed. They are doomed. (Laughter) Why do you get married? "Oh teacher, please let me get married..." You little brat! (Laughter) Since you are not yet married and are of an age like my daughter, it is okay to call you a brat. Isn't that right? And, "You brat, what will you do if you are blessed?" Then they say, "To live happily." Will you say that? (Laughter)

How miserable it would be to die alone! How miserable would Jesus have felt? While carrying the cross, he might have said, "Oh, my beloved! Oh, my beloved husband! Though blood flows from your right hand, endure it. I too have blood flowing from my right hand." (Laughter) If blood flows from the left hand, he might have said, "I too have blood flowing. This blood is offered as a sacrifice for heaven and for the liberation of humanity, and I plant it today as joy. If I have planted joy, I will bear joy." If he died like that, would Jesus have felt good or bad? "He would have felt good." If he died like that, even in death, it would be a shining death. Isn't that right? "Yes." I see it as a glorious death. Our mother would think so too. (Laughter)

The desired marriage, you see, Reverend Moon can sign with his eyes open or closed, and it will pass without issue. Those who are not like that, no matter how much they insist, "This must be signed, it must be done," it will flow away. Does that sound plausible? "Yes."

Yes, believing in the Unification Church... These days, when I see the women... When I landed at Gimpo Airport, there was an older lady. I wondered what kind of lady she was, and I saw that about 20 years ago, she was still like a flower, though she may not have been a rose, she could have been an azalea flower, (laughter) possessing some beauty, though she may not have been a camellia, she could have been a rhododendron. At one time, she had dreams centered on herself, but after coming into the Unification Church, suffering persecution, losing her husband and children, and appearing like this, saying, "Is the teacher coming?" (Makes a facial expression, laughter) "Oh! That person succeeded, and I am in this state!" If she thinks that way, she is doomed. (Laughter) I think so. Doomed! Let her perish!

Then, if she says, "Teacher, please help me. I don't know about the world or anything else. I have become like this, so please help me," I would say, "You brat!"
Yes. (Laughter) Since it didn't work out, I should at least be scolded. Only then can there be a way to receive forgiveness. Hey, you rascal, for whom have you lived and followed? Did you follow for Reverend Moon, or for the world? What is this? I'm too busy going for the world. I have invested all my possessions, all my sincerity, and all my love in embracing the world and investing in South Korea.... So how much frustration and anger do I feel? The term "frustration and anger" may not exist in the dictionary, but that's what it is. (Laughter) It's because I'm so astonished and speechless that I say such things.

Oh, if I feel deceived, if I think I've failed, then I should build an altar and pray, "May Reverend Moon fail, may he fail." But Reverend Moon will not fail. While praying like that, whether you collapse in front of that altar and suffocate to death, or die of a heart attack, the one praying for that failure will rather end up dying. 

Hearing such words makes you feel disappointed, doesn't it? Now that we've met, let's talk a bit. You feel disappointed, don't you? You feel disappointed, don't you? If you struggle and can't get over the wall in front of you, you will fail. If you struggle because the path of your country is blocked, you will fail.

There are people who believe in the Unification Church and say, "I want to become a member of the National Assembly. I came dreaming of being a member of the National Assembly, and there is a position available, so Teacher, I will become a member of the National Assembly." What will you do as a member of the National Assembly? Are you going to serve your own greed, or are you going to serve God's will? What is this? God's will is not about being a member of the National Assembly. Before being a member of the National Assembly, you should desire to sacrifice yourself for Asia. Do you understand what that means? Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Even if you cannot become a member of the National Assembly in South Korea, I want you to become a man or woman who can go out onto the world stage and shed blood for humanity. Isn't that a bit unpleasant? Isn't that a bit unpleasant? You all think that South Korea is the best, right? With that mindset, you will definitely divide. Then what kind of mindset? You must have a mindset that lives for the whole world. Such a mindset must be there even if the nation perishes....

In the history of world humanity, the Unification Church is a problematic group.

So now, I will catch those who have different thoughts about the Unification Church and stick dynamite fuses in their behinds, filling them with chaff, and send them flying into the world. Fly into the world! Whoosh— (Some parts were not recorded due to poor audio quality.)

Everyone, did you hope for the teacher to come, or not? "We hoped." Why did you hope? Did you hope that the older unmarried women would get married? You need to repent for that. Recently, someone reported to me, "Teacher, there are people who have believed in the Unification Church and waited for ten years while being chaste." Who told them to do that? (Laughter) Who told them to do that? "Please bless me again, please bless me. You came to bless me again." Those who make such decisive statements will fail. Do you understand? "Teacher, I cannot go. If you don't bless me again, I cannot go anywhere." That will lead to failure. "Teacher, I don't need the blessing or anything else. Even if I perish, please save the world. Please go." What about such a person? What about such a person? "They will prosper." They will not fail? "They will not fail." They will not fail! (Laughter) That means they will fail, doesn't it? Will they not fail? "They will fail." They will fail. So they will not fail, will they not? (Laughter) Laugh, let me drink a glass of water.

In America, they say they cannot understand our Unification Church no matter how they look at it. Even when they curse, they remain silent, and even when they see a rough-looking fist, it looks so elongated like a front paw that it seems it could flatten a face in an instant, and those fools.... (Makes a facial expression. Laughter) That's a mystery. They don't know if that one has bones or not, but they are always cheerful. If you tell them to sell peanuts, they will sell peanuts.... Everything is fine, they say. Listen carefully to what I say. Do you know that? Do you understand? They earn money and donate it all to me. I am the one they donate to. Those Western kids, they take everything they have in front of the small Reverend Moon in the East and donate it all. Why do they do that? For the world. I am not a thief. Do you understand? They know better than anyone that I am not robbing them. Just look at how I lived in the past....

In front of South Korea, Reverend Moon is the church of the dung heap, what is it, the Victory Alliance.... It has already rotted away, and in the end.... Just like that dung water, if it sits long enough, it becomes clear water, I thought Reverend Moon would gradually become a residue, but that water flows and turns into rain that appears in the world. How many people wanted me to fail, how many people tried to bury me, that's what it is. However, I am a person who has no shame in my conscience. I have no shame before heaven. I have no shame before my nation. Even when I went to America and suffered for them, they tried to capture me, but I have no shame. I am not a coward who carries debts. I am not someone who relies on others or takes advantage of others.... In this world where there is so much to do, I am not someone who goes around doing such foolish things. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

So now the final barrier.... A fight is breaking out where they are trying to push me out from all over the world, from South Korea. They have pushed out families completely. As they push, the families of South Korea, the tribes of South Korea, and the nation of South Korea are all being extended and divided until the end. Do you understand? As they push through, it is like drilling a hole, and everything is splitting apart. Individuals are cut off, families are cut off, tribes are cut off, and nations are cut off.... It is automatically breaking apart.

So in the history of world humanity, today our Unification Church is a problematic group. Just because it is a problematic group doesn't mean it can be handled freely with tweezers; it cannot be handled freely. It is too big to be handled with personal greed. Do you understand? It is too big to be handled with individual greed. It is too big to be handled for the greed of a single nation. In South Korea.... It will fail before it can be handled.

The Japanese government, what about the National Assembly? It is too small to handle the Unification Church, right? Isn't that right? It is too small? "It is big." The American government, that so-called democratic kingdom that claims to lead countless people in the world, is trying to handle Reverend Moon with tweezers in the National Assembly and everywhere, but it is too small to handle? "It is big." What is big? (Laughter) Is it small or big? "It is big." It is big. With the telescopes they have made until now, they cannot get the right focus. The more they try to adjust the focus, the more blurred it becomes. That is a mystery. No matter how hard they try, it does not match. What about you?

As they push through, they push the lines of individuals, families, and tribes, and as they push all the way to the world stage, if they cut it off, it will all come crashing down.... Do you understand? You need to know this history. Do you understand? "Yes." Do you understand? "Yes." Those who think they are not good enough, there will be many people who are not as good as the teacher. Isn't that right? "Yes." Such people should think they are not good enough. They should think they are the very last. (Laughter) But do not admire the American president, who is considered great by the world. In front of us, there is a privilege given to each of us who has received such a calling in this historical era.

Become a beauty that God can admire. 

Become a beauty that God can admire. Do you understand? Become a beauty that God can face! When we talk about beauty, are we talking about men or women? Huh? We are talking about men, right? (Laughter) When we say become a beauty, what does it mean? "A woman." I find that a mystery. Why do we say become a beauty and refer to women? When we say become a beauty, it is a woman, but when we say become a beauty? The center of the signboard is a beauty.

So when you become a beauty, what about men? Men are also beauties, right? Yes, aren't they? Men are also beauties, right? What do we call them? "Handsome men." This is a side issue for men. Isn't that right? The center of beauty is women. In humanity, both men and women should be included, but when we talk about beauty, we refer to women. Then when we say handsome man, are we referring to women too? "Men." We are referring to men. Looking at that, it is a side issue. That is why women are the problem. In the world of people, women are the problem. When we talk about beauty, we represent people, but the woman who represents people is the problem. The woman is the problem.

Here, grandmothers, I don't know if the older grandmothers feel disappointed, but do you understand? Now, even if you have received seeds and cannot produce pure sprouts in the spring garden, even if you have become a grandmother who can be taken by a passing woodcutter, what is it? In the past, when you were a beauty, you would boast about it. The one who represents people is a woman. And today, the one who has ruined this world is also a woman, a woman.

So who does the Lord come to find? He comes to find men, right? Who does the Lord come to find? "The bride." What is needed for the bridegroom is a man, right? (Laughter) A man, right? Who is it? "The bride." The bride, the bride. He is coming to find a true woman in the world. To find a true woman, you need a true? "...." If you cannot meet a true woman, you cannot find a true? "...." It is the same. If you cannot find a true woman, you cannot find true parents. If you cannot find true parents, there are no true men. Such a conclusion unfolds.

That is why today, on this earth, women are the problem, women. What do women demand? They do not demand the inner world. They demand the outer world. Isn't that right? Women do not like the inner world! Where are the women who will protest? Do you like it? Try it. Do you like it? "No." Here, what about the women? They seem to be indecisive! Don't you like it? They like the outer things. Now, is there a woman who dislikes pretty clothes? (Laughter) Is there a woman who does not like necklaces, earrings, or rings? That is why women live by being adorned, running, and being fitted! (Laughter) Even if you feel disappointed, there is nothing you can do. That's right, isn't it? Over there, older ladies, older grandmothers! Since I am old too, I can only call you ladies. If I call you grandmothers, you will all die, right? (Laughter) What about the ladies? Do women like outer things? "Yes." Do they not? Do they not like it? They like it!

Women like outer things. Even if you go to America, it is all.... The problem is women. The reason I am creating a training center now is to catch women and make them into people. Do you understand? Our mothers also put on makeup, right? They put on lipstick. They put on makeup and cook. (Laughter) Even now, when they come, they say, "Wait just 10 minutes." What do they mean? They say their hair needs to dry after washing it? They make me wait and then say, "This is how I turned out." (Laughter) I came like that this morning. Being honest is what connects to the history of eternity. (Laughter) If you are honest, it connects. No matter how unattractive you are, you are the best. What about you? (Laughter)

So, that is why women are external! Do you understand? "Yes." Reverend Moon of the Unification Church has received a lot of criticism because of women. These girls, these rascals, just go around talking however they want, and so.... I am not someone who deserves to be criticized. If they just listen to me, the whole world will welcome them, but they made a fuss and did that.

The women of the Unification Church, even the grandmothers, when the teacher says, "Do this!" they listen well, and the middle-aged women listen well when I say, "Do this!" and the young ladies also listen well when I say, "Do this!" That's right, isn't it? "That's right." That's right, isn't it? "That's right." The world is a truly strange place.

So they want to catch all the women and not send them to good places for marriage but to the poorest places for marriage. Is that okay? Yes, the poorest men of the Unification Church in the world. (Laughter) They are chased around and gather together, barking like neighborhood dogs, and the neighborhood dog stops barking.... (Laughter) But they say they are okay with that. Then that is enough. Why? Because they are not living for themselves.

This time, I held a blessing ceremony for about 1,600 couples in Japan. Do you know, 1,600 couples? How many hours did it take? I did 200 couples in one hour. "Phew—" What is with the "phew"? It should be about 1,000 couples, but I could only do 200 couples, so "phew—" Hey, you rascals! (Laughter) So, in just two days, "whoosh," it was all done. It was all done. Like a goblin or a magician, I appeared at night and disappeared at night. Whoosh— if I stay a little longer, oh, the newspaper reporters and the paparazzi will come in and start making a fuss. "Hey, you rascals, you won't catch me in your operation. By the time you try to catch me, I will already be on a plane over there resting." (Laughter) After I leave, "Oh!" I might say that. "Hey, after I leave, announce everything through the Japanese media."

Recently, Reverend Moon went to Japan and caused a problem.... Japan sniffed and.... (Imitates a sound. Laughter) Why is that? Ah, because I am marrying those Japanese.... They cannot sleep at night, not knowing whether they have a head or not, doing this for 24 hours without eating, without lunch, without dinner. What kind of power is there? There is nothing.

A joint blessing ceremony to reform the nation.

What is that doing? They think they need to reform the Asian nations. Do you understand? They think they need to reform the Asian nations in the future. These little creatures of this island nation. (Laughter) They think they cannot do it with these people. They also think they cannot do it with those Chinese who only know about China. That is why they are trying to reform Asia. Do you understand? That is the meaning behind the joint blessing ceremony. Is that joint blessing ceremony holy or not? "It is holy."

In South Korea, if the people of the southern country hold sovereignty and think they will only eat among themselves, that sovereignty will perish. They need to employ the enemies of the northern country.... They need to reform with such nationalism. Who is the greatest enemy of the Jeolla Province people? "The Gyeongsang Province people." What will they do with the Gyeongsang Province people? They will make a pair. (Laughter) If you don't like it, stop. You will curse, right? Just wait and see. Curse, go ahead. I am not being cursed because they cannot hit their own daughters-in-law. I will match the Gyeongsang Province people with the Jeolla Province people and the Pyongan Province people with the Chungcheong Province people.

When I did this, there was an evaluation recently, and everyone said, "The joint blessing ceremony is not bad." That is what it means to be balanced. After a little more time passes, the joint blessing ceremony will be? "A good thing." A good thing. (Laughter) So for the people of the Unification Church, the joint blessing ceremony is extremely good, for the people of the world it is not bad, and in the satanic world, it is an eyesore. (Laughter) It is the process of rebirth, growth, and completion. An eyesore is an eyesore. That eyesore will be completely wrapped up and covered with seaweed.
Don't you know how to fly a helicopter without it?
320   
So, we must reform our nation.
I am the one responsible for the Unification Church. Isn't that right? As the leader of the Unification Church, for the future of the Unification Church, we need to have good offspring. Do you understand? We need to receive better seeds for our descendants than we have now. Women may look like they are just carelessly scattered around like eaves… Do you know what I mean by that? They may look unappealing. (Laughter) Even though they look like that, men may also look unattractive, but they are matched accordingly. So, the nose resembles something good, the ears resemble something good, the mouth resembles something good, and altogether they create harmony. "Get rid of all the bad traits and only resemble the good ones!" This is the teacher's wish. Do you understand?
To achieve that, what must we do? Your hearts must align with the teacher's, and if you devote yourselves and pledge your loyalty to heaven, then your sons and daughters will not ride on their own fortune but on the fortune of the Unification Church. Do you understand? Just wait and see.
These days, there is a famous saying among fortune tellers and physiognomists in Japan, and when you look at the parents of the Unification Church families, what do you see? They are all, what do you call it? Like a pair of crutches. (Laughter) After spending a few years, I forgot the exact term… There is a saying. I forgot what it was, but it means they are the worst among insects. They are even worse than a shell. However, when you look at the fortune of their sons and daughters, they are marked as princes and princesses, which is surprising. That's because of the joint marriage! That joint marriage is not bad in the Unification Church, is it? "No!"
Now, if I keep talking about this, time will run out. I have a long way to go today. I'm busy. Is it ten minutes before seven? "It's six fifty." Whether it's ten minutes before seven or that, (laughter) someone who answers like that is not quite normal. (Laughter) Whether it's ten minutes before seven or six fifty, it's the same. (Laughter) Generally, Korean men are like that. Why is that? I think it's because Korean men have strong opinions.
321 
Even if they are unattractive, their opinions are strong. That’s why they have managed to survive until now. That's not bad.
So, what is the purpose of heaven calling you? What is it? To become a person of justice who can strike down the world. The calling I received is to become a person of justice. You must not yield to injustice.
Did you join the Unification Church to receive blessings or to give blessings to others? Did you join the Unification Church to receive blessings, or do you believe to give blessings to the world after you die? "To give blessings." Oh! Answer quickly. You must answer clearly. If you answer incorrectly when you don't mean it, you will be caught in a trap. Do you believe in the Unification Church to receive blessings for yourself, or do you believe to give blessings after you die? "To give blessings." Women, what about you? "To give blessings…" You are not sure. What is it? Why do you believe? "To give blessings." Answer clearly. Why do you believe? "To give blessings…" To give blessings. So, have you given blessings? How is it? (Laughter) Have you given blessings? There are many people who run away and hide while attending the Unification Church, right? When asked, "Where are you going?" they can't say, "I'm going to the Unification Church," but instead say, "I’m going somewhere." They lie, right? (Laughter) They lie to their husbands, lie to their parents, lie to their friends, all of them. Did I teach you to do that? Now, talk to me. Did I teach you to do that?
Why can't you proudly say, "I am going to the Unification Church"? If you get caught doing this and it goes wrong, you will be beaten and cry, and I have seen all kinds of disgrace. So, where can you go? If you are chased away by your husband, you should say, "I am the teacher" and beg… That’s really disgraceful. (Laughter) Think about it. If you were chased away by your husband, you should be begging him to save you, but instead, if you are chased away, you go over the wall to the Unification Church… All of you come to the Cheongpyeong Church and go, "Ugh…" This is neither a wolf cub nor a kitten… (Laughter) Why are you laughing? How much did that happen?
Why do we believe in the Unification Church? What is the purpose of believing in the Unification Church? What does the Unification Church do? "To give blessings." To give blessings? So, how many people have you blessed? (Laughter) Raise your hand if you have been in the Unification Church for more than ten years, more than ten years. Oh, you are holy people! So, how many blessings have you given? What have you done for the Unification Church for ten years? Do you not know the people who have believed in the Unification Church for ten or twenty years? You don’t know the 36 families, you don’t know the association leaders, you don’t know the mothers, how many people have you evangelized? How many people have you blessed? When you come before me, you won’t even be able to open your mouth. Have you blessed the Republic of Korea? Have you blessed the world? 
The duty of the called
The person called Reverend Moon… I went to America, and those Americans, look, even the Americans came here. (Laughter) Until now, they have treated Koreans like what? They have removed that kind of derogatory term. A man from the Republic of Korea has appeared, saying that America will collapse. So, how bad do you think that felt? I know that feeling and I am talking about it. If I spoke without knowing, it would be crazy, but since I know, it is a thought. If you speak without knowing, it is not even a cause for a fight, but if you speak clearly knowing, it becomes a problem. 
I came out and said, "America is dying. America is sick. Young people are sick and called a doctor from outside, and that person is Reverend Moon." So, how shocking would that be? He is saying to entrust your youth to me. "You young people, entrust yourselves to me. I will raise you all as blacksmiths, and if you entrust me with the swords you use, I will make swords that can cut without any problems."
So, what about our Unification Church youth? Raise your hand if you think you are a Unification Church youth! I am here this time, and my fists are moving.
323 
What have you done until now, you guys? You have been pushed this far, what have you done? Is this acceptable? All of you should be bowing down… The spring frogs, you know, they have a hibernation period to welcome spring, and they are crouched in the ground, but they are doing that to jump out. But when will you jump out?
So, will the Unification Church become a loser or a winner in front of the world? What will it be? "We will be winners." I know well the sorrow of the losers. I am someone who knows the sorrows of the losers well. When there is no foundation of goodness, it is miserable. So, you struggle to overcome this sorrow, unable to eat or sleep. Others may think that the teacher has been dancing and playing like a grasshopper while the time flows, paving the way for the world. Not at all. I have shed all my blood and flesh. It is too precious to inherit this foundation to you.
If you, the Unification Church, have been called and have embarked on the path of purpose through Reverend Moon, then as a called person, you must know what you were called for, where you are going, and if you have decided that you must go this way, you must know where you stand, whether it is at a certain point or on a certain ridge. Once a person has made a decision, they must make a determination centered on that decision. You must answer yes or no.
The same goes for the teacher. Before heaven, I made a promise… "I will surely go this way, even if my co-workers betray me, even if my parents betray me, even if my spouse and children betray me, I will go. Even if my nation betrays me and the Unification Church itself betrays me, I will sweep it away and go." This is how I have been going since the day I received my calling. I am still going now. I will go tomorrow as well. The faster you go, the better. The slower you go, the worse. There are millions of lives riding on the train to hell, all falling into hell.
Look. If we take the mortality rate centered on humanity as one percent, that would be four billion, which means forty million, right? Forty million people are going to hell. We must think about the fact that such a train is desperately running. At this hour, while I am resting, humanity is all falling off the edge of hell. Do you understand what I mean?
God is love, a good personal owner, and is in the position of a personal parent. When looking at such humanity, would He say, "Express train, you have sinned, so hurry and perish. Go well, you child"? Would He sing that? His heart is to cut off all the tracks of that train, blow up the locomotive, and save the lives of those on the train. So, who will do this? Cut the rails! Blow up the locomotive! This is what I think. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." I stood at the forefront to dismantle the Communist Party. I will sort out this darkness that is ruining America, and I will sort it all out with my own hands. I will definitely sort it out. Even if I get stabbed with a knife or a bullet pierces my chest, I will do it. This is what I am thinking.
If God has the responsibility to save the perishing world, He would want the religions that have saved the perishing world until now to inherit that responsibility. Today, when all religious organizations have become corrupt, and all the doors are closed, and the pulpits have become desolate wildernesses, we must realize that this is wrong. We must recognize that the path we are on is wrong.
The responsibility to build the kingdom of peace lies with religion.
Even if Christians sacrifice their blood and pile up offerings for humanity, the responsibility to break through this evil Communist world and build the kingdom of peace lies with religion today, and no one thinks of this even in their dreams. That’s why I am touching on various aspects. I am touching on various aspects. From the economic field to the industrial field, political field, cultural field, and religious field, I am touching on everything. Why is that? Religion must lead, must stabilize, and must provide direction, not just be religion. This is the world.
325 
Therefore, we must push all Unification Church members to the front lines. We must push them to the desolate front lines, where stormy winds are raging. Not only that, we must send them to the front lines where enemy bombardments are pouring down. We must hold hands with all of humanity and push through. We must create people who can overcome that.
This is the thought of Reverend Moon. This is the thought of Reverend Moon and the thought of God.
When young people today carry their university bags and go in and out of school gates, it is not that they need excellent grades there. To break through the world's scholars and intellectuals, they must go through this path, and to surpass global figures… So, even if some sovereign of this world opposes me, I will push forward, and even if someone threatens me, I will cut it all off and push forward. Without getting tired and falling, if I reach the very bottom there, I will cut it all off and push through at once. You must have the ability to cut it all off and push through at once. You must be able to stand before the will of heaven after receiving your calling. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."
In the Republic of Korea, in Asia, and further in the world, I thought that I would not have to deal with certain people, but today this has become a problem. How will we cover this? We must not cut it with our tyrannical ambitions but rather draw out the sword of love to cut through this line of death.
In this satanic world, tangled due to loveless, selfish love, in the intangible world, in the world of intangible enemies, in the world of tangible enemies… Therefore, our Unification Church members, equipped with a smooth path like a highway, must overcome this… You must understand that this is the Unification Church led by Reverend Moon. Do you understand? "Yes."
That’s why you must know that the position I stand in is on the historical line. To walk this path, God must walk the path I walk, must walk the path of the family I walk, must walk the path of the tribe I walk, must walk the path of the nation I walk, must walk the path of the world I walk, must walk the path of the cosmos, and must walk the path of the heart of God’s liberation.
326   
Today, countless religions say they cannot go, but we are different. We must liberate God and liberate the terrifying religions.
Religion is miserable. Religion sheds blood. It not only connects to the altar of living beings but also expands to the world stage, binding God, the True Parents, and beloved sons and daughters together, even if they are presented before the satanic world all at once, so that Satan cannot strike them. You must understand that the victory's foundation is not determined by any royal palace's throne but is already determined at the altar where Satan sheds blood. You are being pushed to that suffocating altar. Do you understand? "Yes." Do you understand? "Yes." 
To walk the path, you must walk it rightly.
What is a true person? A true person is someone whose heart moves their body. They move their body as they wish. A person whose body and heart are completely harmonized and united through God's love, such a man and woman must unite to form a family. A family that becomes one through God's love and sacrifices for others must attack endlessly, regardless of the hardships they face in saving their tribe. They must desire to hear the call to advance, want to stand in front, and even if they have to blow the trumpet themselves, they must be able to advance.
So, what kind of denomination does God desire? Not only to save the Republic of Korea but also to lead the Republic of Korea to save the world. This is the principle of the Unification Church. What is the Unification Church? It is beyond globalism; it is cosmopolitanism. That ideology is vast, but it does not ignore national and ethnic identities; rather, it centers on the dignity of the nation, ethnicity, family, and individual, establishing a standard from the current family foundation and the reality in which I live. Nationalism must not ignore familialism. Furthermore, globalism does not ignore nationalism and statism. The Unification Church stands in between. That is what makes it different. (Some parts could not be recorded due to poor audio quality.)
Now, when women think about it, their husbands oppose them, their children oppose them, and there are relatives' eyes on them, all of that. However, you should steadily walk this path. Just try it for a year, two years, ten years, twenty years. It will naturally yield to you. It will naturally yield.
What about our Unification Church members? These days, the Republic of Korea is boasting about this and that, but do not boast. Do not dance in boasting. Your path remains. The more such environments arise, the closer our time comes.
We must accelerate our efforts even more. I must recognize that my path is busy. In that sense, I must go the right way. I must go the right way. Every time I pray, I say, "Father, I must go the right way." That's right. Reverend Moon may be just an individual, but as he becomes a focal point of attention from people around the world, I feel that I must go the right way. Even if I cannot wear it, even if I cannot eat, even if I become a prisoner in a foreign land, I must go the right way. Even in places where the nation is resisting and where I betray the heavenly principles, I must step over that and continue on the right path, no matter how much the great powers of the world block and threaten this path. Even if I encounter difficulties while heading towards the communist world, I must go the right way. This is the thought I hold.

So what is the path I take? It is the teaching of love. That is why Americans want to follow me, and Germans want to follow me as well. Look, this time in Europe, about 27 countries gathered, and I blessed and engaged them. However, only 2% of the British people marry among themselves. Do you understand? When it comes to marriage, Germans and French are enemies. British and Germans are enemies, all of them. In the past, just thinking about it was unpleasant, but after coming into the Unification Church, they have started to get along and become partners. They are all enemies, and even if I set up an interpreter, they do not listen... Do you understand? Those who came to me before the blessing and acted disgracefully were all excluded.

If you have received a mission from Korea and were born as a Korean, you must go, you must go as a person of justice, and you must go while rooting the love of justice. In terms of conviction, any nation or culture in the world must bow their heads before that. This is what we must cherish. We must boast of this to the world and establish traditions with this. There is nothing else.

Our family members in America are the same. Even if they spit and mock, they sell peanuts and candy on the street with dignity. This is a suffocating struggle. From this perspective, you in Korea must awaken. You must repent. You must not become a doomed believer who relies on foreign aid. Therefore, wherever I go in the world... even if I go to America, I do not use American money. Even when I go to England, I do not use British money. I carry my own money... I assert the subjectivity of Asia and establish the subjectivity of Korea. Reverend Moon goes out as a representative of the Korean people.

Now you understand what the true character of heaven is, right? Yes. Sacrificing the individual to save the family, sacrificing the family to save the tribe, sacrificing the tribe to save the nation, and using the Republic of Korea as an offering to save the world is God's will. It is to save our ancestors and spirits in the heavenly realm by sacrificing the world, and to liberate God by sacrificing the spiritual and physical worlds. We know that this is the sad history of fallen humanity today. Therefore, we must do this not with multiple knives from the individual to the world, but with one knife... from the individual base to the tribe, nation, and world. The day when everything scattered is restored and opened up is the day when we can march only with the flag of love. You must understand this.

Because you have received such a calling and been summoned, you must know that you should say, "I must go, even if it means dying. I must go towards that calling." You cannot just go without leaving a tradition. You must leave a tradition. What tradition? You must leave a tradition of having worked hard to shed tears of blood for the love of humanity. Then what will you leave next? Next, you must educate for future generations. You must leave good descendants behind.

Therefore, the reason you get married and have children is not for yourselves. You must understand that it is for your descendants and for the future world. This must all be the origin. What must you do? You must leave a tradition. Do you understand? Yes. What comes next? You must leave good descendants. You must leave excellent descendants. Not weak descendants, but descendants who are stronger, bolder, and more excellent than you.

If that happens, even if the nation is pushed to the brink of collapse, it will not perish. It will prosper. A new authority will be established in the place of collapse. You must know that a new flag of victory is following in the place of being chased. This is not just a matter for the Republic of Korea. It is a transnational matter. We must leave a tradition that all people can rejoice in and good descendants for all people.

If you cannot do this and leave, you will have no offering to bring before heaven. When you go before heaven, what must you bring? You must bring good sons and daughters, good tribes, good nations, and a good world. Even if you cannot bring the whole, you must be able to present conditional people before heaven as an offering of your life that is not shameful. And by having heaven accept that, we can live forever. This is the ultimate purpose of the providence of salvation that we must clearly understand. Do you understand? Yes.

Day and night, it does not rest for 24 hours. Heaven does not rest either. You must know that even at this moment, God does not rest. I may be resting, but my heart does not rest. Likewise, if you value every moment, you must not rest. Even if you sleep at night, you must carry that forward daily, and your life must be one that continually advances spiritually.

So I must go. Do you understand? Yes. Even if I cannot eat and starve, I must go, and even if I die, I must go. For the sake of this pitiful humanity, I must go towards the source of God's resentment. I must step over this whirlpool and leave behind the word leap, and I must go until I can plant the flag of heaven's victory. Even if I die, I must go until I can plant the flag. This is what it means to be called as a group of unification.

Do not die on the Korean Peninsula where I was born. Even though I was born on the Korean Peninsula, I must go far away, even to the remote areas of Africa, to plant the flag in the world. With the flag of love that embraces all races, and with the sword of love, there is no one who will not submit before the person who goes. No one can resist love. I hope you will become the main character who can praise victory through you and be proud before all creation. Do you understand? Yes. Is it possible? Yes. Those who can do it, raise your hands!

[Prayer]
Beloved Father, the suffocating history of the past has driven me to this place. All the paths of my past have passed like a dream, but the shining focal point of victory in the remaining history is coming closer before my eyes. The confused historical humanity continues to groan, unable to distinguish between life and death, but today we have come to a point where we can not only step over this but also promise to leap forward. No matter what stands in the way, my advancing steps cannot be halted, and the slogan of your love for the salvation of humanity that burns in my heart does not change. Please remember that this pitiful group is the group of the Unification Church that struggles to go forward.

We see that as the sunset shines, everyone mourns the coming of night before looking forward to the morning. Today, we are in the tedious period of night after receiving the sunset light, enduring harsh winds and being beaten, yet we are coming out, struggling not to perish. Because of this group of unification, we believe that the path we have paved amidst darkness will bring a bright new morning of hope. When we think that because of such a past, the world of unification today is preparing to welcome us with a bright future, we cannot help but be grateful. We thank you for being with us even in the place of being beaten, in the place of being chased, in the place of loneliness, and in the place of despair.

Father, this child standing here has struggled in the desolate wilderness since the day I came to know the truth, and I have groaned in a lonely focus, but I cannot forget the words of encouragement you spoke, saying, "I am here." No matter how much sorrow I endure, I know there is nothing that can make me forget that, and I have reported to you that I will be a person who goes.

I thought I would perish on the way, but even though I said I would seek the path of destruction, every time I see the shining flag of light welcoming me, I feel again that there is no way to express my gratitude before your boundless grace.

Father, struggling like this is to ensure that I do not lose the way to save the Republic of Korea. This is the wish of this pitiful child, and you know well that it is a struggle not to hand over Asia to the grasp of the communist world. I know that you had a hopeful wish to prevent countless religious people from being swept into the world of destruction, into the black clouds.

Before this historical mission, there should not be many people who look at the group of unification with despair. They must be strong and courageous. They must be strong and courageous like Joshua and Caleb. They must be strong and courageous like David before Goliath. I hope this morning becomes an opportunity to pledge to be able to offer this throne before you.

We have resolved before you with both hands raised. We have made a resolution before you to leap and advance while facing reality and settling the past. I have resolved to be a person who is not ashamed before the path of calling, to struggle to go, and to crawl while going. So please forget the past, and as you look towards the second hopeful future, please forgive us again. And I earnestly ask you to willingly set them apart so they can go forward vigorously.

Please do not let me be a coward who seeks forgiveness before heaven with a shameful posture while carrying the sorrow of a loser before the new morning that tomorrow calls. Please allow me to be a son or daughter who can call upon God with joy, looking towards the victorious heaven, and who has the posture of a victor today.

May your protection and special love be with this nation and this world. Today is especially a day to commemorate National Armed Forces Day for this nation, so I ask that your blessing be even more abundant in the places where we gather and stay.

Please remember this Republic of Korea, which has become an offering that worries about the future amidst sorrow and groaning. Father, please receive the Korean Peninsula in the northern hemisphere, and may the day come soon when you can receive this peninsula as a base for your kingdom, a foundation that can be boasted of for all eternity. I earnestly ask that your grace and loving hand be with us forever in all things, and I pray all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen.