1

Sun Myung Moon's Words Compilation Committee

Foreword

President, Family Federation for World Peace and Unification

Hwang Sun Jo

Table of Contents

Foreword .................................................................... 3
.................................................................................... 9
.................................................................................... 70
.................................................................................... 156
.................................................................................... 165
.................................................................................... 190
.................................................................................... 277
.................................................................................... 400
.................................................................................... 400

01)

Let Us Become God's Victorious Elite Soldiers

2 Timothy 2:1-13
<Prayer (I)> Heavenly Father, please allow this one hour to be a time when the life of the original nature that we possessed before the Fall is infused into us. Please allow this to be an altar of life overflowing with Heavenly Father's love.
Please allow us to feel the blocking wall of death with our minds and bodies at this hour. Thus, by receiving the grace of resurrection, let us build an altar of glory and become those who can go forth with new candles on all the scattered altars. Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
Is there anyone with a wounded heart? Please look upon them with compassion. Are there any traces left on their bodies from being captured by Satan? Please remove them. And so, please allow them to be able to take on the original form before the Fall. Loving Heavenly Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
Heavenly Father, please appear with words of power. Please remold all of us and bring about the work of re-creation. Loving Heavenly Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
You have called each and every one of us from difficult circumstances, so now we will cross the hill of trials and difficulties. The time has come when we must raise a song of victory in the remaining battle of reality. Therefore, Heavenly Father, please add strength to our strength, add ability to our ability, and appear with the authority of resurrection.
April 8, 1956 (Sunday), at the former headquarters church.

8

Let Us Become God's Victorious Elite Soldiers

Please allow the spirits that were trapped in darkness to be liberated, and resurrect them with the flames of hope. Please grant us the flames of Heavenly Father's life that can more than illuminate the blocked garden of truth, this world ruled by evil, and the foundation of Heavenly Father's 6,000-year resentment. My Heavenly Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
We know that the new history begins with Heavenly Father at the center. And we also know that it was a historical fact that if the standard of history was not placed in heaven, it could not become the standard of the entire history.
Heavenly Father! Since you have established us, please allow us to accomplish the new history, and establish us as the heavenly elite soldiers of the new era, so that we can build a new garden and return the glory of joy to Heavenly Father. Please grant us this grace. Loving Heavenly Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
We have entered the same path that the prophets and saints went, breaking through the barriers of battle. We have entered the path that is said to be difficult. We have entered a path from which we cannot turn back. We know that the time has come when we must fight with autonomous courage toward a one-sided goal. Please allow us to become the heavenly elite soldiers who can, by pouring out all our final passion, make a bold decision against Satan, stand at the forefront, raise the flag before others, and charge toward Satan.
Heavenly Father, until we can gather the remaining altar of battle as an altar of victory and settle it as Heavenly Father's altar of rest and glory, please protect the path we are going, and consecrate the place where we stay, so that we can plant the white flag of joyful victory before this nation and the 2.4 billion people of humankind and have more to spare. Heavenly Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
Father, at this hour, even if it is a small number of family members, we have gathered to immerse ourselves in Father's love with one mind. Therefore, please allow us to be immersed in the Father's love that has been hidden, even for just this one hour.
Please reveal the love of heaven and the history of truth that have been hidden for 6,000 years, and reveal the history of resurrection, and allow us to receive the liberation of freedom from our minds and bodies and become the true sons and daughters of the Father. Please establish us as children who can face the Father with a song of victory and face the Father with the glory of victory. Heavenly Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
This is a holy day. To the altars gathered on behalf of the 30 million people, Heavenly Father, please work. If there is a dead altar, please show the work of life. Regardless of the time, the environment, or the place, Heavenly Father, please work.
Please raise the beacon of life that has been sleeping, and allow us to go forth with a new flag of life through the conscientious children, the children who follow the Father, and please allow there to be many children who can protect the hidden altars. Loving Heavenly Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
We have gathered at this hour, so Heavenly Father, please consecrate our spirits, and if there are any self-centered ideas or elements of sin, or any unclean dark roots remaining, please appear with the work of the Holy Spirit like a flame of fire and lead us. Heavenly Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
We earnestly ask and desire that you allow us to become sons and daughters who fulfill our mission, who carry out the mission entrusted to us without any shortcomings, and who can save face before the tens of thousands of saints and the family members of that land by dedicating our minds and bodies to this one will.
Please protect us so that no one is caught in the conditions of Satan's accusation from the beginning to the end of this hour, and allow even one more life to be moved by the grace of resurrection, to taste the joy of new life, and to receive the grace of new life. And so, please allow this hour to be a time of returning the glory of the resurrection of new life to Heavenly Father. Loving Heavenly Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
Now I entrust everything to you, so please allow the fundamental work of the living life to appear from the beginning to the end of the hour, and please allow only the will of joy to be revealed. I have prayed in the name of the Lord. Amen.
<Prayer (II)> Heavenly Father, on this day too, though we are lacking and sinful, a small number of family members have prostrated themselves before the Father's holy temple.
Until now, you have commanded through the prophets you have raised, you have commanded through the Holy Spirit, and you have commanded through Christ, but we know that you, Heavenly Father, have not yet commanded in person.
10

Let Us Become God's Victorious Elite Soldiers

Please allow the words of the Father's command, which you have not been able to give in person, to appear here. And so, please allow the Father's will, which you intended to accomplish through the Holy Spirit and through Jesus Christ, to appear here.
We know that the Father desires to fulfill the will of joy. Before the Father's will, we want to pour out all of our lacking devotion, we want to offer all of our lacking loyalty, and we want to offer all of our lacking bodies, so Heavenly Father, please extend your hand of compassion.
On our hands and feet, there are marks of Satan's arrows, and on our bodies, we have the wounds of battle. Father of compassion! Please allow your hand to hold our hands and feet that have the marks of Satan's arrows, and hold our wounded bodies, and apply the oil of life, and wrap us with the new bandage of resurrection. We desire a single word of new exhortation, so Heavenly Father, please exhort us. I earnestly ask and desire this.
Please remove all worldly minds and all natures that belonged to sin, and allow us to cherish only the original nature that can admire the Father.
Heavenly Father, now that you have called and gathered us, please command us. Please allow us to find what is the center of the providence that the Father wants to find, and please allow us to find what is the center of the heavenly law that the Father wants to find.
Heavenly Father, please descend at this hour. We have prostrated ourselves meekly and humbly to repay the words that the Father has given us. We know nothing, and our bodies are wounded, but we want to be offered to the Father, so please accept us. Heavenly Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
At this hour, Heavenly Father, please take charge of everything. We who have now come before the will, know that we must bear fruit with life, so at this time when the end is approaching, Heavenly Father, please grant us your hand of life.
We know that even if the world and history may change, the Father's life does not change, so please allow us to run toward the eternal life, the unchanging standard.
11

At this hour, if there are any children who are not worthy of that one standard, please command them one by one, and grant them your hand of power, and work so that they may resemble the Father's divine image. Heavenly Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
We have gathered before the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, so please remove their subjective ideas and grant them the work of life. May the Father alone become the center of their minds and bodies, the center of the entire gathering, and the shield of victory, and please allow this to be a joyful hour.
Please establish them as children who will not be wounded even if they have a head-on collision with Satan, by forming the flesh and blood of eternal life and creating the shield of eternal victory with the elements of life found from this day on. Heavenly Father, I earnestly ask and desire this. I entrust everything to you, so please take charge. I pray in the name of the Lord. Amen.
<Sermon> The words I want to give you today are, "Let Us Become God's Victorious Elite Soldiers." I will speak for a moment on this topic.
We Are the Ones Responsible for the Battle and the Embodiment of Hope
The term "elite soldier" is not a word that has existed from the beginning. It is a word that came into being because human beings fell, and it was a word that could not but come out. In other words, because the battle remains, and because sons and daughters were needed who could take charge of the battle on behalf of God, this word came into being.
Unless these sons and daughters are established and go through the course of battle until a certain time, God's will cannot be completed, so He chose these sons and daughters, and God Himself has been fighting Satan on earth for the long period of 6,000 years, repeating the changing history.
However, who are the responsible ones who must take responsibility for this history of God's battle and come to the forefront to fight the actual battle?
It is not God who fights directly, nor is it Jesus Christ who fights directly, nor is it the Holy Spirit who fights directly. You all know well that the saints who believe well with God, Jesus Christ, and the Holy Spirit in the background are in charge of the direct responsibility for this battle.
12

Let Us Become God's Victorious Elite Soldiers

This battle must be concluded by all means. However, 2,000 years have passed since Jesus Christ came and went, but this battle has not yet been concluded. Now we must expand the ground of this battle and create the foundation for victory, but who are the beings who will take on this responsibility? It is none other than us, who are insignificant and worthless.
When we think about this, we can see that God's hope is not in God Himself. And the hope of Jesus Christ is not in Jesus Christ himself, and the hope of the Holy Spirit is not in the Holy Spirit itself, and the hope that the prophets and saints desire is not in themselves. It is in none other than us, who are insignificant and remain on this earth today.
Then, if heaven is calling you who are on the earth, what standard are they using to call you? God's 6,000-year providence as a whole
is setting the standard and calling you.
Therefore, you must be well aware that you have the responsibility to conclude with victory the 6,000 years, and furthermore, the countless eons of human history. And you must know well that Father is calling us in this way. Not only that, but you must become the true elite soldiers of Heaven who take responsibility for the age, for history, and for the eternal providence.
Pioneering the great destiny of the providence directly is not something for Jesus Christ to do, not something for the Holy Spirit to do, and not something for God to do, but it is precisely what we must do.

To Become Heavenly Elite Soldiers

We must be able to look at ourselves, who carry such a great mission, and criticize ourselves from a third-person perspective. We must consider whether we have become people who can answer with dignity even if the Father Himself appears and questions us. Have I become a heavenly elite soldier equipped with the courage, pride, and conviction to take responsibility for the entire providence and fight? Even if the Father asks, have I become someone who can answer without hesitation, “Yes! That is correct.”… Heaven is looking for such beings who can answer with dignity.
Then what are the conditions to become such elite soldiers? Within ourselves, we cannot find the conditions to become heavenly elite soldiers. If so, how can we become heavenly elite soldiers?
For us to become heavenly elite soldiers, we must emulate the one who has already appeared as the representative heavenly elite soldier, that is, Jesus Christ, in whom we believe. From the background of Jesus Christ’s coming, his life and his entire ideal are contents that we can boast about to Satan. And they are the contents and conditions that we must absolutely emulate to become heavenly elite soldiers. You must keep this in mind.
The same is true of his words, the same is true of the principle of the cross he showed as he passed away, and the same is true of the principle of the resurrection he left behind. All these things are the absolute conditions and laws that we must possess in order to conclude all historical battles and become heavenly elite soldiers. We must be equipped with these conditions.
However, what we need to know here is that Jesus Christ also prepared, made efforts, and suffered for some 30 years of his life until he was equipped with all the conditions that a heavenly elite soldier must have. It did not happen in a day, nor did it happen in a single moment. He had to go through a long course of trials for some 30 years.
Then what is the course that Jesus Christ walked when he came to this earth? As a heavenly elite soldier, he showed the conditions of trial, the course of trial, that must be overcome to win against Satan on earth.
Jesus said on the cross, “It is finished.” He did not say this because it was all finished on the cross. He said it because he had fulfilled all the conditions that a heavenly elite soldier must have before being hung on the cross. And he said it in the sense that he had fulfilled all the missions he had to do as a heavenly elite soldier.

Let Us Become Victorious Elite Soldiers of God

Because Jesus was a heavenly elite soldier who lacked nothing, Heaven was able to resurrect him after he passed away on the cross. Therefore, after Jesus’ resurrection, Jesus has been working in heaven and the Holy Spirit on earth, fighting against Satan for 2,000 years.

The Lesson from the Life of Jesus Christ

You must keep in mind that the course of trial that we, who have been called by Heaven, must now keep is none other than the path of Jesus Christ, who walked it for some 30 years of his life.
When we consider the course of Jesus Christ’s 30-odd years of life, he walked the 30-year course of his private life, went through the 3-year course of his public life, and concluded the trials during the 3-day period in the tomb.
Not only must my individual self follow the way of the cross and the path of resurrection, but all of humankind in the entire world must walk this path.
The fact that Jesus Christ received the grace of resurrection after he passed away on the cross was not as easy as you might think. It is not a principle that was accomplished in one day, nor is it a principle that was accomplished in a few hours. You must know that it is a principle that was accomplished through victory after walking a path of suffering for some 30 years, combining the heart of God who went through a long 4,000-year history and the heart of Jesus Christ.
We are living a life of faith and reading the Bible, but we should not interpret the Bible according to our own will. Believers often think that the way of the cross was accomplished only on the cross, but that is not the case. You must know that it is a principle that was accomplished at the end of a life of suffering that others did not know, without eating well or dressing well for some 30 years. And you must know that Jesus is the only-begotten Son of God who perfectly fulfilled the remaining conditions of a heavenly elite soldier.
Now we must analyze what the lesson from the life of Jesus Christ is and repeat the course of Christ’s suffering from the beginning of our faith in Jesus. You too must go through a course of trials. During the course of Jesus Christ’s trials, there will be battles. And you must emulate Christ who fought not for 10 years, not for 20 years, but for 30 years, and you must emulate the unchanging heart of Jesus Christ who was not afraid of death.
What you need to know now is that you yourselves are the ones who must bear the remaining path of suffering and the path of death, protect the cross, and keep the way of the cross.
After Jesus Christ came and went, the apostles had the responsibility to protect the fortress of the cross that Jesus had built on this earth and to take the first step of the fierce battle. You must know that the saints of the last days now have the responsibility to protect the remaining fortress of the cross.
The time has come when we must decide victory or defeat in the final decisive battle, and the crucial issue here is whether I have become an elite soldier who can remain, and whether I can bring about a second history of resurrection, a revival, just as Christ died and was resurrected.
Jesus is waging a battle even in the spirit world. He is fighting against Satan on behalf of countless good saints. The one who came to wage a battle on earth in imitation of Jesus who is fighting in the spirit world is the Holy Spirit. We have the responsibility to actually fight with the help of the Holy Spirit. In other words, we are the ones who must become the heavenly elite soldiers who actually take charge of that battle.

When We Must Resolve the 6,000 Years of Resentment

Now the final battle has begun, and you today must know that the battle you are fighting is not a battle for you alone. You must know that the battle is a battle connected to you from heaven through the Holy Spirit. And the purpose of that battle is to cast out Satan.
Therefore, we must now cross over the hill of battle and become the elite soldiers who take responsibility for the cross of Christ that remains, all the way to the original homeland, and sing a song of victory. We must become elite soldiers of victory who have resolved the 6,000 years of resentment and fulfilled the 6,000 years of desire.

Let Us Become Victorious Elite Soldiers of God

We must become elite soldiers of joy.
The group that appeared as the representative elite soldiers who took responsibility for the fortress of the cross left behind after Christ was the 12 apostles. The 12 apostles went beyond death to protect the walls of the cross, and they defended the walls of the cross without hesitation, offering their bodies and minds and shedding their blood and flesh. Heaven is looking for such elite soldiers.
The traces of blood shed by the prophets and saints as they walked the path of the gospel still remain on the walls of the cross. And this land is a land where the resentment and blood of our ancestors are pooled, and a land where the appeal of blood remains. The ones who will resolve this resentment are none other than us. The death of Jesus Christ is a resentful thing, but the deaths of the prophets and saints are also resentful. You must be able to feel resentment for the deaths of the prophets and saints as well as the death of Christ.
Now we must know that the time has come to have resentment. The time has come to resolve the resentment of heaven that has been endured and endured for 6,000 years. What is needed at this time is heavenly elite soldiers. What is required in this age is heavenly elite soldiers.
We must become the true sons and daughters of God who can say, “Father! Let the 6,000 years of resentment explode through me!” If there are many such true sons and daughters among the 30 million people, the way for the 30 million people to live will be opened. Also, if such people become priests and protect the walls of the cross and become fighting elite soldiers, this nation will not be destroyed. Today, we believers must become such heavenly elite soldiers.
Jesus Christ, who came to this earth and died on the cross, built a temple of victory in the spirit world and has been expanding that temple. If you look through the spirit world, you will know that the darkness of the fall had reached below the throne of God. As a result of repeating battles and adding toil to toil, a foundation was finally prepared after Jesus. The battle to expand this foundation even more has continued to this day, and the battle with Satan has continued on earth as well. Heaven is now hoping that heavenly elite soldiers will emerge who can finish this battle.
Now we must be aroused. Jesus Christ not only toiled and fought for some 30 years of his life on this earth until he crossed the hill of the cross of death, but he also continued to fight for 2,000 years. You ignorant people who do not know this battle…. You must appeal to yourselves. Before you appeal to the people, before you appeal to the family, society, the world, and the earth, you must appeal to yourselves.
You must fight for the will, emulating Jesus Christ who fought for the will for 2,000 years. Therefore, you must win in heaven and win on earth, so that heaven and earth can respond to each other, represent the heart of God, and reveal the beauty of the original creation. This is the purpose for which God has providentially worked for 6,000 years, and the will for which He sent Jesus Christ.

What Heavenly Elite Soldiers Must Know

Now we must become heavenly elite soldiers and protect the walls of the cross. You must become heavenly elite soldiers in this way, and you must be able to discern which corps of elite soldiers you belong to.
Because the history of the earth is a history that develops the history of heaven in a figurative way, just as there are 12 corps of elite soldiers in heaven centered on the 12 apostles, on earth there are 12 denominations of the Israelite 12-tribe type and countless peripheral corps.
These corps have been formed over the course of 2,000 years of history, and you must know which corps you belong to. You must know what kind of self you are, belonging to which unit of the heavenly army, which is systematically organized just like the armies of the world, which are organized into squads, platoons, companies, battalions, regiments, divisions, and so on.
And now you must know what kind of mission you are being commanded to focus on.
Now, after going through the process of battle, we must greet the time when the entire created world can rejoice, centered on one center. That center is none other than Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit, in whom we believe.

Let Us Become Victorious Elite Soldiers of God

What is the ultimate purpose of the heavenly elite soldiers? It is to complete the battle with Satan and receive a reward from God and Christ. It is to win the battle and receive the reward of heaven on earth.
Now the battle is taking place on all fronts. It is taking place all over the world. Also, the will of the providence is unfolding throughout heaven and earth. You must become elite soldiers who win in the individual battle, win in the family battle, win in the social, national, and world battles, and win in the battle taking place in heaven and on earth.
Jesus Christ has not been able to conclude the battle that is taking place in heaven and on earth. Therefore, you must become the elite soldiers who protect the departments of each front and conclude the battles of each front. Only when you win as a limb with Christ as the head, and after your body and mind become one, and you offer worship before heaven, will all things in heaven and earth be in harmony.
You must now pass through the traces of blood left by the apostles, and you must take command and responsibility for the company if it is a company, or the battalion if it is a battalion, that the apostles commanded. Furthermore, you must take responsibility for the responsibilities that Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit are bearing.

Ultimate Goal of the Heavenly Elite Soldiers
Heaven does not want a battlefield to remain on earth. Because resentment has been맺힌 on earth, the battle of Jesus Christ can be concluded and Christ can come again only when we win on earth and resolve the resentment. What does He do after He comes again? He concludes the battle that has been going on for 6,000 years and receives blessings from God. A banquet where God personally raises both hands to bless. The banquet of the Lamb is a banquet where the victorious elite soldiers gather and are all blessed together, and this banquet of the Lamb is to be held.

You must directly receive the words that God, the commander-in-chief, commands. You must go to the position of directly receiving God's command on behalf of Jesus.

In Revelation 14, it is written, "Then I looked, and behold, on Mount Zion stood the Lamb, and with him 144,000 who had his name and his Father's name written on their foreheads." (v. 1) As it is recorded, you must receive the seal of the Father.

Until now, you have been guided by the Holy Spirit and by Jesus Christ, but this is not all. You must receive the seal of the Father to become eternal elite soldiers not only on earth but also in the kingdom of heaven. Please keep in mind that you must go to that position.

After you individually become such elite soldiers, you must make all of humanity become such elite soldiers.

You must become not only the elite soldiers of Christ by winning all battles, but also the original human beings, the true sons and daughters who have completed the ideal of creation, with whom God can be pleased. The time must come when the triumphant cry of Hosanna returned by such heavenly elite soldiers shakes the whole earth, and then God's resentment against Satan will be resolved at once. You must know this for sure.

The battle still remains. Therefore, you must launch the final attack, cross the hill of battle, receive God's seal, and become elite soldiers who can make Satan surrender before God. Only then will the battle with Satan be concluded.

The battle does not end even if you make Satan surrender before the Holy Spirit and before Jesus Christ. The battle is concluded only when you make Satan surrender before God.

The Father has suffered through the 6,000-year history of the providence to create these victorious elite soldiers. Knowing this Father, you must become victorious heavenly elite soldiers. *

Jesus Christ, Who Became God's Pride

2 Corinthians 8:16-24

<Prayer (I)> Beloved Father, this is the day you have granted the gift of atonement to all people. Please allow us not to forget at this hour the bloody course of the Father who worked while leaving behind traces of labor in the course of the ever-changing history, and the traces of martyrdom of the pioneers who went before us.

Please allow this one hour of worship before the Father on this day to be a time of offering sacrifices as earnestly as Abel's appeal of blood. Please guide us so that we do not become a group centered on our perishable bodies, and allow us, though a small and insignificant group, to build an Abel-type altar on behalf of the 30 million people, just as Abel became a fragrant offering before the Father and all things on the altar of sanctification.

I earnestly hope and pray, my beloved Father, that you will not allow us to stand in a position of boasting of ourselves from Cain's position, seeing Abel shed his blood.

Please allow the heart of heaven and the heart of the appeal of blood to overflow. On this earth, the stains of the blood of the righteous still remain, this is a bloody land, a land with the lump of sighs of hundreds of millions of years, so please allow many children among the 30 million people to appear as offerings of joy before the Father for this and offer worship of gratitude. Please allow many among the 2.4 billion people of humankind.

May 16, 1956 (Wednesday), former headquarters church.

I earnestly hope and pray, beloved Father, that a multitude of children will appear in every corner of the country who can tear down the wall of sin accumulated over hundreds of millions of years, create a garden of joy, and attend the Father in joy and glory.

We have lived until today forgetting that the hand of heaven has labored for 6,000 years to find me and to establish me. Please allow us not to stand in a position of forgetting that the reason I can live comfortably and believe comfortably today is not because I am great, but because of the bloody and laborious hands of countless prophets and saints who are enshrined in the course of history until my own self came to be in this position today.

Please establish them as children who can worship the Father as one offering that prostrates itself in meekness and humility, as one offering that is given, as one offering of joy that is offered, Father, I earnestly hope and pray.

Father, please awaken this sleeping castle. Please have pity on this people who are wandering in the darkness, not knowing the direction. For this, please quickly establish the children you will establish, and please quickly call the children you will call. Please allow it to be quickly established as a beloved altar that can represent the whole by establishing a center toward heaven.

Please allow this entire nation to be victorious, and guide them to be grateful for the holy grace and to praise the holy light, beloved Father, I earnestly hope and pray.

Father, a small group has gathered in this place today, so please take charge. Please take control. Please have insight into the center of each individual's heart, and please do not allow the center of the heart that they have established themselves, the heart of the self, to stand in a place that begins with the self and ends with the self. Please do not allow them to stand in a place of forming their own ideology through the perception and concept of the self and being intoxicated with self-satisfaction.

Please allow them to be meek and humble offerings before the heart of parents, frankly laying out all their own concepts or assertions. I earnestly hope and pray, beloved Father, that you will allow this to be a time when we can deeply feel our own insufficiency before the majestic Father and fundamentally offer all of ourselves to the Father.

Jesus Christ, Who Became God's Pride

I earnestly hope and pray.

Father, since you have gathered them and established them and have already sounded a new alarm in this castle, you must take full responsibility, Father. You must complete the entire mission, and you must take charge of the entire work, so please allow them to quickly step up and rise above this age, and Father, please allow them to become heavenly elite soldiers who can stand at the forefront and go out to fight.

Please establish them as elite soldiers who can represent these 30 million people, so that they will not be lacking whether they stand before the tens of thousands of saints, before the angels in heaven, or before the saints on this earth, beloved Father, I earnestly hope and pray.

During the three days, there was much time when I thought only of myself, and there was much time when I lived to love only myself, and I wasted much time to make excuses for myself. However, please forgive me for not living in the position that the Father desires, where I cannot but go and cannot but move to find the Father, forgetting myself, to fulfill the Father's desire, forgetting myself, and to reveal the Father's overall value.

Please do not allow those who have come out to find the Father at this hour to be those who have come only with a conceptual attitude of faith and a mind to receive blessings, and please do not allow them to be those who have only a mind to receive grace. The history of the appeal, "Save me," has passed 6,000 years, so please allow this to be a time when we can pray, "Receive me, Father," as the cry of prayer, "I offer all of myself, so please receive me," is heard from the earth and reaches heaven.

Please allow us to ask ourselves whether we ourselves have become offerings worthy of the Father, and whenever we stand before the holy body of the manifested Father, to keenly feel our own insufficiency and to feel that we are sinners, and to bow our heads and worship the Father. Please awaken us at this hour so that a heart of repentance may arise, and that we may feel the original nature of goodness and the substance of goodness, and worship on behalf of the Father's glory.

We know that this work is the desire of heaven, and that heaven is being mobilized for this one will, so please let the Trinity move and the work of the Holy Spirit appear, and place the whole under your hand, and Father, please take charge of the entire event. I earnestly hope and pray, Father, that you will guide us to form an altar of saints who offer the whole to the Father, without having any concepts or perceptions that deviate from the Father's will.

Please bless every place where lonely groups are offering earnest pleas to heaven at this hour, and since they have set out under heaven's command that they cannot but go, please protect the children who have pledged to go without regard for the path of death, the path of battle, the path of refuge, the path of adversity, or the summit of Golgotha.

Those who follow behind those who go on a difficult path will also have difficulties, and I know that there will be many wounds from following that path, so Father, you must take responsibility for this. Please take them as offerings in place of the Father and grant them the heart and the gift of love of the Father that you will allow at the last day.

Please let the direct work of your dominion, where they can be immersed in joy and feel the Father's pleasure, be with each of their hearts, and in every place where they are, please come personally and comfort them so that they are not held by the cross of the environment, and please personally admonish them. The path of battle is not far and the remaining hill is not high, so I earnestly hope and pray, Father, that the direct work of admonition will be with them so that they can overcome it.

At this hour, we have come out with our hearts bound together to see the Father, and we wish to have a time of worship, so from the first hour to the last, please lead the entire meeting with the protection of your love and the gift of your love, and please bless us to become offerings of the gift that the Father desires, I have prayed in the beloved name of the Lord. Amen.

<Prayer (II)> We know that the Garden of Creation is a garden of goodness, a garden of love, a garden of oneness, and a garden of harmony. We know that it is our responsibility to be good according to God's love, it is our responsibility to become one, and it is our responsibility to be in harmony.

We are leaving behind the course of children who must be good in their daily lives and go forward in harmony with this one will. Father! Please command us again at this hour and guide us not to grow weary in the battle so that we can walk this entire path that you have allowed.

You must hold on to us so that we do not deviate from the standard of the Father's will. Father, we are descendants of the fall, so we are sighing because we have no strength, so please reveal the perfection that you have hidden in heaven, please find the value of the beauty of harmony that you seek to find, and please reveal the beauty of the original nature of all things themselves so that all things in heaven and earth can be in harmony, and please establish all of creation as one original self that can give glory to the Father through love, Father, I earnestly hope and pray.

We know that the resentment of heaven is맺힌 on human beings, the resentment of all things is also맺힌 on human beings, and the sighs of hundreds of millions of people are맺힌 on Christians. Therefore, the responsibility now lies with them to perfect the value of their own individual selves and remove the sighs of the heavenly law, so Father, please establish them as figures who perfect their original value, and please admonish them.

Please grant them the overall ideology of the love you desire for them, and let them face the entire lost value of the Father. Please open the Father's hidden heart and appear to them so that they can consult with you, beloved Father, I earnestly hope and pray.

Father! We want to know all of your hard work in gathering the weak multitude, so Father! Please appear again and hold on to the wounded hearts, and you must admonish the wounded chests, Father.

In the process where hundreds of millions of Satans test and challenge them, please allow them to be the ones who bear the eternal resentment on their behalf, and in walking the path of heaven, please allow them to become one centered on the one goodness before the entire will.

and allow this to be a time when we can create harmony centered on the will that You have established, beloved Father, I earnestly pray and desire.
Have our hearts now become weary? Have our bodies become weak?
Please allow the flame of God's love in our hearts, and add the heat of God's heart to our bodies, so that our hearts and bodies may move, the heavenly hosts and all the spirits in heaven may move, and all the beings on earth may move.
Thus, restore one center for all things, and guide us so that we may not be lacking in appearing as God's sons and daughters before all of creation. And so, allow us to appear as beings of pride before our Father, who has toiled for six thousand years, and before the countless myriads of Satans, beloved Father, I earnestly pray and desire.
There are multitudes who are captive to death and lamenting, and pitiful multitudes who cannot escape from their position of sorrow. Father, please hold onto them, grant them a central heart that can face the heavenly law, and grant them wisdom and intelligence.
The time has come to build an altar to Heaven on behalf of the thirty million people, the time has come to offer the sacrifice of a good livestock, and the time has come to unite and become one multitude. Father, please come to Your sons and daughters gathered here today, and preside over their hearts, preside over their minds, and preside over their entire beings.
Therefore, if any element of evil that is not fitting remains, O God of love, O God of power, O God of omnipotence, appear with eyes like flames and examine their hearts with the power of the fiery heavenly Holy Spirit and the fire of life.
Father, even today there are countless of Your children who do not know where to go and wander, unable to find the path of life. Has there been anyone who has laid down their life, taken responsibility, and appealed for them? Has there been anyone who has built an altar of life and shed tears for them? If there is, please quickly find and raise them up, and like Jesus who appealed while looking at the final cross, and like Elijah who earnestly appealed, saying, “I am the only one left,” please allow there to be many of Your beloved children who earnestly appeal.
Please allow there to be many altars of practice that can remain before this people, holding onto the news of joy, and allow there to be many multitudes who offer earnest devotion, so that this people may break through the suffering of darkness and become a light before all the nations of the world, radiate the light of love, and be able to uphold and advance the will that You have permitted. Father, I earnestly pray and desire.
Beloved Father, we have come out at this time hoping for the Father's grace, so first we must examine ourselves, and our hearts must not become critical. Please remove our concepts up to now and allow us to remain only as an offering dedicated to the Father's will, as a single element that can be used. Through the beauty of our original nature, through meekness and humility, may the Father Himself appear in our bodies and minds, and may the Father Himself, centering on us, bring about the work of re-creation. May the Father's work of love appear at this time, Father, I earnestly pray and desire.
Father! The children of this nation who have faith have come this far, breaking through difficult environments and the path of the cross. Even if it is for just this one hour, please show us the will of the Father's love that has been hidden for six thousand years. As we offer our worship to the Father, please allow this to be a great joy that cannot be exchanged for billions of dollars. Through the grace we feel on this day, may we pioneer our lives and pioneer our living, and by clarifying the great way of the heavenly law, allow us to become offerings that can be grateful before the Father's will.
Even if we are here, we are prepared to run toward that place whenever the Father calls. Please connect us to the standard of the Father's moving heart and the standard of Your love. And again, through Your heart, may we achieve goodness in our hearts, and may that goodness become a seed, forming a glorious garden of goodness from our bodies, and allow it to extend to the family, the church, society, and the nation.
We know that we have such an overall responsibility. We know that we have the responsibility to take on the Father's remaining mission and fight against Satan. Even if we are in a position of exhaustion, Father, please give us strength. Even if we stand in a position of weakness, Father, please admonish us, and when we fall, raise us up and command us, so that we may break through the final barrier and lead the multitude of victory to go before the Father and return glory with hosannas. Until that time, please lead us, my Father, I earnestly pray and desire.
Father, on this day as well, please be with the flames of the Father's love and grace on the countless altars that are being built on behalf of the thirty million people. Even if they are ignorant and cannot discern the will of the six thousand years, please do not let them stand in a position of resenting the heavenly altar for that reason.
The time has come for the fulfillment of the will of Jesus who wept, holding onto the temple in Jerusalem. The words that not one stone would be left on another are appearing today in the churches and denominations. Father, hold onto the altars that are in a realistic process where hearts cannot be united as one, and make them repent again and connect them to the life of Heaven. Father, be with them until they become an altar that can sing of glory, carrying the suffering of the cross of Christ on behalf of the six-thousand-year history.
Father, I desire that You directly preside over all events, and establish us as victorious missionaries who can raise up the Father's kingdom and whom the Father can bless. Even at this hour, Satan is stirring and coming out. Father! Please do not let us become those who are weary and fall. Stand behind us to the end, protect the altar, and even if we become a sacrifice and disappear in blocking the dark arrows of Satan, allow us to be a multitude that can be grateful. Father! I earnestly pray and desire.
Father, I have entrusted this entire hour to You. May we admire the Father, and admiring the Father's love, dedicate our lives and follow the Father's path. Please do not let us lose the standard that the Father intended, and allow the will of the heavenly law, which can penetrate to the ends of heaven, to appear among humankind. Do not consider our shortcomings as shortcomings, but appear as a friend with love, appear as a familiar Father, and appear in the form of a protector.

Jesus Christ Who Became God's Pride

Because human beings lost their original form, the Father has toiled for six thousand years to establish me, one person, to find my one self, we know. Therefore, Father, please hold our hands and allow us to have a time of grace where we can repent. Father, please grant us the grace to hold us, embrace our necks, and kiss us. May the grace to reflect and repent with tears, while being grateful for the Father's love, be abundant upon each individual's heart, body, and entire head at this time.
The entire multitude that has attended this hour desires to appear before the Father with love. Please do not let us become a form that is caught in the condition of accusation. Please allow the multitude prostrated here to take charge of Your hope, and guide them so that they do not become those who fall away due to Satan's slander and ridicule. Establish us at this time as children who can humbly worship before the Father's love to the end, and Father, please hold onto us, I earnestly pray and desire.
Hoping that the grace You have permitted will appear upon the entire heart and body, I have prayed in the beloved name of the Lord. Amen.
<Prayer (III)> Beloved Father! We have read the words of the earnest content with which Paul appealed with one mind and one heart to establish Titus as a reformer. When we come to know this earnest appeal of Paul toward Heaven, we feel at this time that his heart has not disappeared but has remained as a trace on the earth, and that the building of the altar is the work of God reflected in the background.
Father! The time has come to look at a new world for a new will, to overcome all the complex historical barriers, and to stand before the heavenly law. Father, please lead us until we can settle our complex past, transcend our complex reality, and settle down with a heart that can be at ease in the bosom of love that Heaven can take, and worship the Father.
Whether we live or die, as a shield against the remaining six thousand years of resentment, restore the glory of the final victory before the Father, and allow the joy from that to penetrate the entire creation garden. Father, please allow us to gather our strength and achieve this one will with Your cooperation, Father, I earnestly pray and desire.
If we acknowledge today that we are beings who have faced the will, please allow us to realize our own shortcomings through self-questioning and self-answering. Father, please allow us at this time to have at least the heart to repent before the Father, to stand close to the Father and rely on Him, and to expose ourselves more closely before the Father and receive mercy. By having such a heart, may we not be lacking in equipping ourselves with the form of re-creation to be molded again, taking after the flawless image before the holy image of Christ. Thus, may we entrust everything to the Father's will, rely on it, and become an offering of submission before the Father. Please bless us to do so, beloved Father, I earnestly pray and desire.
Please command the children sitting around at this time. We know that many words are not necessary at this time. Please move their hearts with even a single word, and allow them to feel it with their bodies, and grant them the grace of mercy and the work of inspiration to be able to rejoice. Preside over us with the flames of the Holy Spirit, so that our individual selves may feel the work of the Father's grace and move before one will, and have a precious atmosphere of harmony where we can give and receive. Father, please allow it, and establish us in the place that the Father can permit, Father, I earnestly pray and desire.
Please preside over the remaining time. I have prayed in the name of the Lord. Amen.
<Sermon> Therefore, show to them in the presence of the churches the proof of your love and of our boasting about you. (2 Cor. 8:24) Centering on these words, today I will speak on the topic, “Jesus Christ Who Became God's Pride.”
Adam and Eve, Who Should Have Become God's Pride
God, who created all things in heaven and earth, created Adam and Eve as the embodiment of God's pride in all things in heaven and earth. He also created Adam and Eve as the embodiment of God's pride in the angelic world. And when Adam and Eve stood before all things, all things had to bow down to Adam and Eve.
This garden of creation that was created in this way was broken due to the fall of man. That is, due to the fall of man, the value of all things, which should have been a source of pride before man, could not be properly manifested. Man, who could have appeared as the center of value in the formless world, lost that qualification, and the position of man, who should have received glory as the center of harmony, appearing before all things on behalf of God as the meaning of God's pride, was fundamentally broken.
Therefore, what was the standard that God has been seeking until today, six thousand years after the fall of man? He has been seeking one representative who can represent God's heart, represent His form, represent God's character, and represent the work of the heavenly law, a representative whom God can be proud of.
Also, until now, Jesus Christ has also been toiling for this one will. Then, what kind of person was Jesus Christ, who came to this earth four thousand years after the fall of Adam and Eve? He was the one who represented God's internal heart and external form. Therefore, God intended to reveal the “standard of pride” that He had established with His ideal of creation through Jesus Christ. This was the original mission that Jesus Christ had to carry out.
Therefore, we must know that Jesus Christ stood in the position of a great person in charge who had to appear as a child representing God's heart and form in every part or any one part of his life through his life.
In this way, Jesus had to appear as a substantial being whom God could be proud of. First, he had to be able to be proud before all things, and then he had to be able to be proud before Satan, and he had to be able to be proud before the tens of thousands of saints. And he had to greet the one day of restoring what God had intended to rejoice and receive glory centering on Adam and Eve. This was God's will in His work and providence, having established Jesus as the central being.
God had the people of Israel build the nation of Israel, and
In their midst, He sent Jesus Christ to be established before you. Therefore, if the people of Israel had united to praise Jesus Christ and had treated him with a heart of gratitude based on the standard that God had intended to boast of, this historical sorrow would not have been prolonged for six thousand years.

Jesus, the King of Faith, Established as God’s Boast

What was visible in the eyes of Jesus Christ, who appeared as God’s boast, and what the people of Israel were boasting of were vastly different. That is, the way the people of Israel, who came forth to fulfill God’s will for the providence of restoration, boasted of themselves as God’s chosen people was different from the way Jesus Christ, who fought to uphold God’s will for the providence of restoration, boasted for the sake of God’s will. Therefore, the people of Israel had to be in a position to abandon their national pride, which they had built up until then, before the words of Jesus, who could boast on behalf of God, and before the life of Jesus.

If they had abandoned their own pride and humbly bowed down before Jesus Christ, who appeared with a new boast to boast on behalf of God’s will, the difficult gate of the cross would not have remained before Jesus Christ. In the history of Christianity, there would have been no such thing as the way of the cross. There would have been the words that one is saved by listening to the words of Jesus, but there would have been no such words that one is saved by believing in the cross.

Today, we bless the death of Jesus Christ and believe that the cross has the authority of redemption, but that is not everything. Christians today have forgotten that the words Jesus Christ spoke during his lifetime had the authority of redemption. What we need to know is that, of course, spiritual redemption is possible by believing in the cross of Christ, but if we had believed in the words Jesus spoke during his lifetime and practiced them as he said, redemption of both spirit and body would have been achieved.

Then what should Jesus Christ have boasted of first when he came to this earth? Adam and Eve failed to establish God’s word because of their fall.

Jesus Christ, Who Became God’s Boast

They did not believe the word. Therefore, because human beings fell by not believing God’s word and the providential history was prolonged for four thousand years, the one center that Jesus Christ established before Satan to block this prolonged four-thousand-year history was faith. In other words, Jesus appeared on this earth as the king of faith.

What kind of person is Jesus? And where did Jesus establish the one standard of value by which he could stand as God’s boast? In the course of four thousand years of history, Jesus appeared as the king of faith before all people who could not believe anyone and could not face God’s will. Therefore, God was able to boast of the faith of Jesus Christ.

Many people said they believed in God, but with such faith, they could not establish an internal relationship of high and low through the heavenly heart of God. Also, numerous prophets and sages came and went, but through what they believed and followed, they could not know the principle of love that permeated God’s heart. Furthermore, Jesus Christ took charge of the entire historical process of faith that numerous saints had walked and tried to cut off all the history of Satan single-handedly. Jesus Christ, in the position of bringing to fruition the four thousand years of faith, came and went as the central figure of the universe, the protagonist of faith.

Because of this one standard, God established Jesus Christ as the king of faith. Jesus Christ represented God’s will and conveyed God’s word on His behalf, but the proclaimed word was not the Old Testament word as it was. He did not believe with the Old Testament faith. He did not believe within the limits of what the prophets and sages had spoken and prophesied. In other words, Jesus did not have the messianic idea within the realm of the Old Testament that the people of Israel had believed in.

What kind of faith did Jesus Christ have? He had a faith that was not in the Old Testament, a faith that had not existed in history until then, a new faith that had not appeared until then, a faith that had not appeared in any environment or anywhere in the world. He was the representative of faith. That is why the history of the Old Testament had to run before Jesus Christ.

Then what should we, who believe in Jesus Christ, the king of faith who was established as God’s boast, know? We must know that if we look at Jesus Christ within a certain limit, we cannot know his value that extends to the four-thousand-year history before his coming, his thirty-some years of life, and the eternal future. We must also know that even if billions of people stand in opposition because they do not know God’s will, I will hold on to that one will. I will believe what no one else can believe. We must know the fact that Jesus could stand as the savior of all people, the king of faith, only when the standard of faith was established.

Then did Jesus Christ, whom we believe in today, tell us all the words during his lifetime and leave? If he did not tell us all the words and leave, we need the words that the coming Lord will give us. Jesus was the king of faith who could be boasted of before Satan and all the created world after four thousand years since the fall of Adam and Eve, and the king of faith whom God sought, but because of the disbelief of the Jewish people, he had no choice but to hand him over to the enemy. Therefore, Jesus Christ is to come with a standard that can be boasted of before the created beings on this earth again and give you new words.

Jesus, as the representative of faith, the king of faith, announced new words that were not in the Old Testament. Those words are the words of the New Testament and have been handed down to us today.

Now, what we must possess is that today is a new era, and a glorious era will come in the future, and we must be able to have the faith to remain in that glorious era.

The hope and faith of Jesus Christ were not of the dimension that human beings had believed in for four thousand years. It was a faith that extended through his entire life to the distant future, that is, to eternity, a faith that could reveal a love and goodness that God had not thought of and that had not appeared at that time.

Therefore, Jesus Christ was the king of faith who had never existed in history, and he was the one whom God could boast of. Just like Jesus, you must also have this faith.

Jesus, the King of Victory Who Defeated Satan

Second, the reason God could boast of Jesus Christ was that although many people had fought against Satan for thousands of years, Jesus Christ was finally able to stand as the king of victory. That is why God boasted of Jesus Christ.

For four thousand years, numerous ancestors came to this earth and fought against Satan. Numerous prophets came and fought against Satan for the sake of God’s will to send the Messiah. However, they could not subdue Satan. They fought against Satan for four thousand years, but they could not conquer Satan and could not subdue him, but with the coming of Jesus Christ to this earth, Satan was finally conquered and subdued.

With what did Jesus subdue Satan? He subdued him with the principle of heavenly love. You must know that. What we Christians today must know is the fact that in subduing Satan, there is no other way than the principle of love.

What kind of principle is the principle of love? Jesus Christ died before all people. Also, although numerous people have come and gone on this earth, Jesus Christ is the only begotten Son whom God loved so dearly. That is why, when you look at the life of Jesus Christ for about thirty years, there is no part that is not the life of a filial son. A day’s life before God, whether day or night, was a life that was suitable for God’s heart, a life from which no time could be taken away. It was a life of a filial son to the extent that God would say, “On this earth, there is only you.”

Even if everything in his life were to disappear, Jesus’s heart was solely for God. Even if his own body was disregarded, he only had the heart to fulfill his mission as the savior of all people. Only, Father! I will disappear and become a filial son who can return the price of love as the object of Your love, whom You have been seeking for four thousand years, as the son who receives Your love. He had nothing but this one heart.

Therefore, even if tens of millions of people said that Jesus Christ was not the Son of God, God could not do so. The power of the heavenly principle of the parent-child relationship, which is connected to the center of heaven and earth and is related to God’s love, cannot be blocked by anyone. Jesus did not succumb to the environment in any difficulty. He carried the cross even in the lonely place on Golgotha. Jesus knew that God’s will was in that place, and he knew well the heart of the Father’s love that he had longed for for four thousand years.

Therefore, as long as the Father’s will does not change, the pride of being a son who can receive the Father’s love is eternal. God boasted of Jesus Christ as the only begotten Son, the embodiment of God’s unchanging love, before all created things. He boasted before the satanic world.

In the six-thousand-year history to this day, there are many people who have been filial to the parents who gave birth to them. There are many filial sons and daughters in Satan’s bosom. However, in order for God to be able to boast of Jesus Christ and to receive God’s love like Jesus, there must be a value and achievement that is more than the sum of all the filial sons and daughters in the satanic realm throughout history. Only then can God say, “This is my beloved Son,” and he can become the only filial son in heaven and on earth who represents the heavenly principle.

When Jesus looked at the numerous crowds with this standard, he was dumbfounded. Because of such a heart of Jesus, he felt that there was a difference between heaven and earth between his own value and their value. Therefore, Jesus was able to pray for them before heaven with dignity.

Also, he was able to destroy even Satan with the power that came from the parent-child relationship connected with God through love. This is because there is no comparison between the standard of many people in the satanic realm sympathizing with Satan and the standard of Jesus Christ serving and loving God. Where Jesus Christ appeared with God’s love, it became a shield like an iron fortress before the enemies. Therefore, wherever people gather around Jesus, Satan can be subdued.

Jesus was able to achieve a standard by which he could use as his foothold all the victories and defeats of his ancestors for four thousand years, so God could boast of him.

What should we think about today? Humanity has been fighting against Satan for six thousand years until now, but you should think about how Jesus Christ was able to achieve a victory that was more valuable than the sum of all the victories of many prophets for four thousand years. You should also know how to think about how our ancestors were able to win against Satan, and you should also know how to think from their standpoint.

What would heaven desire from the saints on this earth now? It is not only Jesus Christ who will subdue Satan, but all the saints of the last days will subdue Satan and feel God’s love through the love of Jesus Christ.

Jesus Christ lived a life of victory for about thirty years. Jesus avoided words that he could not win with. He avoided words that he could not win with. He avoided words that he could lose with and that Satan could approach. To others, he was a young man from the neighborhood, but once he took responsibility for the whole, his words, actions, and hopes were words, actions, and hopes that could place the whole on the expectation of victory.

Today, you are standing on the foothold of victory that Jesus has worked so hard to lay. You are receiving this gift from Jesus. Now, the problem is how you will go higher on the foothold of victory that Jesus Christ has won and established on this earth. You must know that heaven has come down to this earth for you and shed the sweat of victory until you go up to heaven.

We must fill our hearts with God’s love. We must feel the love of Jesus and the Holy Spirit and experience the love of heaven.

Jesus won personally, but because he died on the cross, spiritually…
37

He built the foundation of ten thousand victories. Therefore, we who must conclude the 2,000-year history must stand on the spiritual foundation of Jesus and establish a victorious foundation in place of Jesus' body. Also, when Heaven proclaims a new word on this earth that will complete substantive salvation, going beyond the dimension of the New Testament, which completes spiritual salvation, Satan will oppose it, and we have the responsibility to fight and win against this as well.

Next, on what condition was Jesus Christ able to receive God's love? Jesus was able to receive God's love because he became a prince who took responsibility. Although Jesus Christ worked as a carpenter in Joseph's house from birth, he strove to fulfill his responsibility. While helping with the carpentry work in Joseph's family and helping to support the family that his parents were in charge of, in Jesus' heart, that was not all of life. Also, while holding a great will in his heart, Jesus was one who took responsibility for even small things. You must not forget that this was the kind of person Jesus was.

Jesus, the prince who took responsibility for the entire will

Jesus' entire life was a life of fulfilling his own responsibility and mission. He completed on earth a responsibility that could remain for eternity. Jesus' life of over 30 years was a life that achieved on this earth an eternally unchanging record, a record of having fulfilled his responsibility. Therefore, as long as the words of Jesus Christ, the gospel of Christ's faith, remain, his life will also remain.

Jesus took responsibility not only in his own generation, but also in a historical sense. And he alone took responsibility for the will that God had been working on for 4,000 years. There was not a single person on this earth other than Jesus Christ who came forward to take responsibility for God's will. You must know that Jesus took responsibility all by himself.

While Jesus felt lonely about taking responsibility for the entire will by himself, he felt an even greater responsibility. Therefore, Jesus' daily life was a life of laying the foundation for fulfilling the entire responsibility. And during the 30-year preparation period, the 3-year practical period, and the 3-day completion period, Jesus' eyes were only on subjugating Satan and fulfilling God's will on that foundation. It was a life lived with a keen sense of this responsibility. Jesus never forgot this responsibility for a single moment.

Also, when he went to the top of Golgotha carrying the cross, even at the last moment when all the people slandered him and Satan mocked him, Jesus' heart to bear the responsibility of the heavenly law that he was entrusted with did not change. Because Jesus crossed the pass of the cross with the single-minded determination to fulfill his responsibility, he was able to bring about the history of resurrection. And because he had the responsibility to re-gather the disciples who remained on earth, Jesus was able to go to the kingdom of heaven, come down again, and bring about the history of resurrection by relying on God's power.

Even in death, Jesus was concerned about his scattered disciples, and during the three days in the tomb, he had the heart to protect these disciples forever, so after his resurrection, he went to the shore of the Sea of Galilee to look for his disciples.

Today, when we think about it from a human perspective, it is easy to think, "How could Jesus have done that to those who had no sense of responsibility?" Although they were disciples who rejected him in a difficult situation, Jesus went to Galilee first after his resurrection and began to carry out his responsibility. In this way, the character of Jesus Christ, who established them as unchanging disciples when crossing the pass of death, is the character that we today should emulate.

That's not all. You must know that he was responsible for the disciples of that time, the countless saints after that, and even us today, 2,000 years later. The history of salvation was the history of the whole. Since Heaven's will is to save the whole, Jesus is responsible for all of humanity.

Then what kind of responsibility does Jesus have? Jesus is not responsible for worldly affairs, nor is he responsible for a good life. He is responsible for our lives. Everyone, there are many difficult things in this world, but there is nothing more difficult than this. Because he took responsibility for the matter of life and death….

39

Today, believers are at a crossroads where life and death come and go at the slightest misstep. Jesus has the responsibility to pull everyone who is standing on a precarious line like a knife's edge to the right side. In this way, Jesus Christ was the same when he lived for over 30 years in the past, when he entered the path of death, and at any time and any period. Even if humans do not feel this sense of responsibility and mission, Jesus Christ is still working to achieve this one will of responsibility and mission.

We who must bear the entire responsibility

Then, what should we do to serve this Jesus, the Jesus we believe in today? We should not always be the ones who place responsibility on Jesus.

Then what kind of people should we become? Jesus was responsible for 4,000 years of history, he was responsible for the people of his time, and he has been responsible for humanity for 2,000 years since his death. We ourselves must also become people who take responsibility. We should no longer live a life of placing responsibility on Jesus.

And we ourselves should be able to say, "Abba, Father, I understand the difficulties of Jesus Christ who has been responsible for 2,000 years," and we should be able to feel sorry for Jesus who is taking responsibility for us and for the world today.

Whose fault were these things! It is because of us, who are insignificant. Therefore, we should think about this and become people who can bow our heads before Jesus. While calling out, "Lord!" we should feel a heart that feels like our bones are melting, a heart that feels like our flesh is melting.

God was finally able to hold on to Jesus Christ, who was trying to take responsibility for the 4,000-year will, and say, "You alone are taking the responsibility that I must take." So He could believe in everything and entrust everything. God was able to face Jesus in a position where he could take on the bundle of all responsibilities.

40

Jesus Christ who became God's pride

In the same way that Jesus was established before God, we must also be able to bear the entire responsibility. If the work of responsibility is difficult, we should be able to appear before God and Jesus with a heart that can say, "Please give me that difficult work," and say, "Please reveal the earnest heart you desire through me. Please show it through me."

These are the people who will remain in the last days. If such a group does not appear, where will the purpose for which God's only begotten Son, Jesus Christ, has been responsible for humanity for 2,000 years be fulfilled? If Jesus, who walked the course of responsibility with his life as God's only begotten Son, cannot find people who know how to take responsibility….

Therefore, the time has come for us to pray, "Please give us the responsibility that Jesus Christ pledged to God on the cross to take responsibility for history, for the present, and for the future."

In our lives until this day, there have been many times when we have passed the responsibility on to Heaven. But now, we must be able to pray, "Instead of the anxious heart of God for 4,000 years, I will fight with the responsibility of Jesus Christ, who has been working on earth as the king of responsibility, bearing all historical responsibilities. Even if the enemy Satan and tens of millions of people do not welcome me, I will take responsibility and fight." People who can pray like this must emerge. Only when such people emerge can Jesus rest in the garden of rest.

Today, in the last days, what we hear is the words, "Who is the one who will listen to my appeal for life?" But who is the person who will listen to the appeal for life of Jesus Christ, who inherited God's life? Heaven is looking for such a person.

Until now, Jesus has been praying at the right hand of God for all people. The reason Jesus cannot rest and is still praying is not because Jesus did something wrong. Nor is it because Jesus is in a position where he cannot stand before the Father. All of this is because of us.

41

Therefore, for the sake of Jesus who has been toiling for 2,000 years, you must try to fulfill the responsibility of life, even if it means cutting off your own life.

The responsibility of life remains on this earth because Jesus died on the cross. The time to fulfill this remaining responsibility of life is the time of the Second Advent. The time of the Second Advent begins with the appearance of a person who takes on this responsibility of life. He is a person who takes on the historical responsibility of life and the future responsibility of life, so you must fight with him in the final battle.

The beginning of the Second Advent

God established His beloved Jesus, and through the Jesus of faith, or through the Jesus of truth, He wants to love human beings. He wants to love you.

Today, when we are told to emulate the Jesus of faith, even in our hearts, we should be able to say, "Yes, that is so." When we are told to emulate the victorious Jesus, we should be able to say, "That is so," and when we are told to emulate the Jesus who is taking responsibility, we should be able to say, "Yes, that is so." If you cannot become such a person, how can Jesus Christ, who has not rested for a single moment, for a single hour, until now, rest?

Therefore, you must take on these conditions that God established as His pride. And you must become people who fulfill on this earth the conditions of pride of Jesus who went to the spirit world. So you must become people whom God can be proud of.

First, you must be proud of believing in a world that does not believe. And you must be proud of having won the fight against Satan. In this world where people cannot take responsibility, you must be proud of taking responsibility.

Through this, God's pride must reach us on earth through Jesus Christ in the spirit world, and through us on earth, that pride must also reach all things. Only then will God's ideal of creation, the will to set up human beings as the lords of all things and be proud of them before all things, be fulfilled.

42

Jesus Christ who became God's pride

Only then can human beings and all things offer thanks and worship to the God who is proud. We have this entire responsibility.

Today, we are so pathetic. The faith we have is also insignificant. Therefore, when human beings have to fight Satan in the future, we must pray, "Abba, Father, please give strength to all the people of this world so that they can fight and win against Satan. Please let all of humanity be able to bear its responsibility." And we must be able to fight the enemy of the whole alone, win, and say, "Father, be joyful."

By showing God the appearance of taking on all the responsibilities of the world, and through a person who can be proud of the center of taking responsibility before hundreds of millions of people, or tens of thousands of saints and the created world, God's resentment toward the earth can be resolved, and through such a person, God's will can be unfolded. You must know this for sure. Let us pray.

<Prayer> Father! I know that the life of Jesus Christ was one where tears did not cease when he saw the evil of the world, saying, "This way is my responsibility, and that way is my responsibility."

Today, we have no feeling even when we see evil, and we are unrighteous and inadequate, and we do not feel the responsibility with a painful heart for the will of heaven. I was the one who did not have a heart to defeat the enemy and a sorrow that was filled with resentment, and I was the one who did not have a record of fighting, and I was the one who did not believe in the almighty God. I did not know the loyalty of Jesus Christ to heaven.

Father, this evening I have admonished a small group. I have learned that Your will to establish Jesus Christ and be proud of him was connected to us today through the apostles and through history, and that You hope that will bear fruit in us, and I have learned that the central responsibility that tens of thousands of saints can welcome, in addition to the joy of having obtained life, has been entrusted to us today.

Now, please allow us to become a sacrifice to resolve the resentment of heaven and earth, all things, and Jesus Christ, and please allow us to become filial children who do our best with all our heart and soul.

43

Please allow it, Father, I earnestly hope and pray.
You established the ideal of the bridegroom and bride through the way of the cross, and now the problem we face is to what extent we can practice the love of Christ, to what extent we have fulfilled our responsibility centered on the love of Christ, and to what extent we can find the value of faith through the love of Christ.
As the Father has admonished us at this hour, please allow us to know that we ourselves today have been entrusted with the responsibility for resolving Heaven's sorrow, and that the situation is such that the battle to resolve Heaven's grief must be concluded through us. Having understood this, please allow us to have only the heart to practice it more than anyone else and the heart to be grateful to you, Father.
Allow us to be grateful even while carrying the cross, and please do not let us become cowardly before you, Father, even if we fight against tens of thousands of millions of satans. Even if we stand in a difficult position carrying the cross, Father! Please guide us to become children who can say, “Do not worry, for I am here.” Please allow us to become children who can comfort the Father, who is sorrowful as He looks upon His children who are in difficult positions. I earnestly hope and pray for this.
Please work so that the Word may become their life and their path, and please allow them to find a central point and standard to live by appealing to the center of their lives, and lead them so that they can go before the Father with a center of unchanging faith and life. I earnestly ask and desire that you allow the history of the creation of the Word to be so. I have prayed all these words in the name of the Lord. Amen. *

Thus, Jesus Is Seeking Us

Matthew 18:1-14
The content I would like to speak on at this hour is “Thus, Jesus Is Seeking Us.” I will speak under this title.
Jesus Christ is the one who came to the earth as the one person whom God prepared through 4,000 years of toil. This Jesus Christ came to save the countless multitudes of humanity left on earth, representing God's will and God's anxious heart.
Fallen People Are Like a Single Lost Sheep
Since the fall, where has our human race stood before God? We are in the position of a single lost sheep that has strayed, not among the ninety-nine sheep.
Even the myriads of angels and archangels in heaven are unable to offer joyful praise to God because of the loss of Adam and Eve, who were like one sheep. God has been repeating His toil until now to find again the humanity that has prevented the angels and archangels from offering joyful praise.
Jesus Christ was sent to the earth as the one being whom God had sought for 4,000 years. As the ancestor of goodness before all people, that Jesus is repeating a history of toil, standing in the position of True Parents to bring about the rebirth of us human beings who have entered into death.
May 20, 1956 (Sunday), at the former headquarters church.

Today, we simply know Jesus Christ as the one established as God's only begotten Son in the course of God's 4,000-year providential history, and as the central being who was victorious over Satan by carrying the cross to save humanity, which had fallen into sin.
Then what did God do to establish Jesus Christ as the one center? He entrusted to Jesus all the things He had been providing for the world's people. Thus, Jesus Christ was established as a new center and came to stand in the position of having to take responsibility for and save all people. When Jesus stood in this position, his mind and body must have been submerged in unspeakable sorrow.
Jesus Christ Who Came to Find Us
Then, through what course does Jesus Christ find us today? Through 4,000 years of history, God established the Word for human salvation, and through many prophets and sages, He announced to the multitudes that the Messiah would come.
Therefore, the believers of Judaism had been preparing to receive the Messiah through the words of testimony that many prophets had proclaimed. That is the history of the Old Testament. Jesus Christ, who came upon this prepared foundation, had to conclude the 4,000-year history of the Old Testament as a history of goodness before God. Therefore, the new words he spoke were words imbued with the sorrow intertwined in God's 4,000-year providential course of restoration, and at the same time, they were words that clarified the heavenly law that the multitudes of creation must possess as they walk the path of faith.
However, what must have been the heart of Jesus as he looked upon the crowd that could not believe, even though the many believers of Judaism should have listened carefully to and believed this new word that Jesus announced? You must know that Jesus appealed with a sorrowful heart.
Until today, Heaven has been toiling for a long time to find me, one person, and to find and re-establish our human race, which has fallen into sin.

Thus, Jesus Is Seeking Us

In the Old Testament Age, He gave the words of the Old Testament law to the Israelite people through the prophets. And to resolve the sorrowful 4,000-year history, He sent Jesus Christ and announced the new words of truth. However, because the Jewish people did not believe those words, they could not comfort God's sorrowful heart, and you must know that the result was that they instead intensified Heaven's sorrowful heart from within their own hearts.
Therefore, Jesus appeared before the crowd that did not know which way to go and was in the hands of Satan, and he presented the direction to go and taught them the way to live. However, the people of Israel did not listen to those words. Thus, our human race lost its direction in life, and the altar of 4,000 years of toil that God had established also collapsed. If the people of Israel had become one on the foundation of God's Word, they would have borne fruit by the Word God gave, and God would have embraced them again as His children.
The Jewish People Who Did Not Believe the Word Jesus Gave
Because the people of Israel, who were originally supposed to be the model, did not believe the new word that Jesus gave and could not become one, Jesus Christ left behind words of sorrow and departed. Therefore, what position did the people of Israel, who should have stood in the position of a hundred sheep, come to stand in? They were placed in the position of a single lost sheep, and we are also in the same situation.
We must know the heart of Jesus who dealt with the people of Israel, who were in the position of one lost sheep. To find and re-establish the lost people of Israel, Jesus cried out with a sad heart.
What we must know today is the fact that Heaven has been carrying on the providence for 4,000 years with a sorrowful heart to find me, one person, and that after that, Jesus Christ inherited God's sorrowful heart and is following behind us, calling out to us.

Then what course did Jesus go through during his thirty-some years of life? Jesus prepared for the 30 years of his private life, hoping for God's will to appear. After that period, when he appeared with a new word and began to preach, Jesus did not preach the word with a feeling of joy, but with Heaven's sorrow in his heart.
He spoke many words, such as, “Follow me,” and “Believe in me,” but the crowd that listened carefully to the voice appealing from that sad heart and followed him was extremely small.
In such an environment, Jesus spent his 30 years of life with a sorrowful heart, and you must know the fact that the earnest voice that Jesus cried out while he was alive is still appealing to you through the words of the Bible, and that even at this hour today, Jesus is pleading for you from the spirit world.
Therefore, you must now find the direction you must go by knowing what the content of the words that Jesus appealed with was.
If you yourselves are in the position of a lost sheep before Heaven, and yet you do not know the direction you should go, nor do you know what position you are in, and you think that the world will just continue as it is, you are greatly mistaken.
You yourselves may not know it well, but Jesus has been calling with a sad voice throughout the 2,000-year historical course from his birth until now, and that calling voice is becoming your hope.
God's Heart and Jesus' Voice
Will you turn away from this voice that calls so earnestly? If there is anyone who cannot hear, they should at least have the same heart of resentment. Is there anyone among you whose ears do not know how to long for the calling voice? You must strive to discern this voice. Or, even if you have heard the calling voice, when your body is not strong enough to move, you must become a self that can gather your heart toward that place.

Thus, Jesus Is Seeking Us

God's steps in seeking to find me today, an individual in the position of a lost sheep, were not for a day, not for a year, not for a hundred years; He came seeking for 6,000 years.
The 6,000-year history of striving to find the lost flock of sheep on heaven and earth was Heaven's history of great redemption.
Because we human beings could not hear God's calling voice, the words proclaimed by showing them through Jesus Christ, who was the God of substance, and by having Jesus, who was the substance, reveal God's formless heart, were the words of the gospel.
Because human beings do not know the heart of God who exists without form and cannot hear God's voice, Jesus appeared as the substance of God to resolve this. And when they heard the words and voice he preached, the people of Israel were in a position where they should have come to Jesus, known the true will of God that they had not known for 4,000 years, felt God's heart, and repented. Nevertheless, the people of Israel did not repent and instead distanced themselves from Jesus.
Therefore, you must now prepare to understand the sad voice of Jesus that you hear. To do so, what must you do? Just as you listen well to all worldly words, you must have a heart that can say, “I believe in Jesus, who appeared before all people on behalf of God's heart and on behalf of God's will.”
Jesus came on behalf of the formless God and walked the course of atonement on behalf of the ignorant human beings who had only brought sorrow to Heaven for 4,000 years. You must be able to fathom the heart of God who made Jesus re-determine himself by placing him in such a sad position.
If the people of Israel had broadened their hearts and known how to discern the voice that cried out on behalf of God's anxious internal heart, they would have understood without problem the words that the Jesus Christ who appeared in substance cried out, pierced with sorrow. But what were the people of Israel like? They tried to be satisfied with only the words that appeared in the Old Testament. They thought that all of God's final words were recorded in the Old Testament.

God's sorrow is not only this. The people of Israel did not realize that when God established Jesus Christ and showed and testified to God's internal heart in substance, if they did not attend him, Heaven's sorrow would be connected to the sorrow on earth.
Jesus Christ was supposed to resolve with joy on the earth the sorrow of the 4,000 years of toil of the formless God, but because of the people of Israel who did not know such a Jesus, you must know that God's sorrow was not resolved through Jesus Christ and remained as sorrow once again.
Jesus Christ, who came to the earth on behalf of God's will and on behalf of the 4,000-year history, went without being able to announce the words of joy. Therefore, although the 2,000-year history since Jesus has passed, when we look at it through the 6,000-year history today, the sorrow of God and the sorrow of Jesus Christ are still piercing the earth.
Today, we must know this sorrow of God and the sorrow of Jesus Christ, and now we must be able to fathom the words of God's joy and the words of Jesus Christ.
The purpose for which Jesus sought us was not always to convey only words of sorrow. In the process of toiling to find us, who are like a lost flock of sheep, he should not always speak only words of grief. Since he has spoken words of grief for 6,000 years, at the moment the lost flock of sheep is found, the 6,000 years of sorrow must be completely
The word of joy that can be forgotten must appear.
You think that the word of joy will appear from heaven, but that is a big misunderstanding.
Now, before the heart of Jesus Christ who has toiled for 2,000 years, we must become a flock that can run to the Lord who is coming to find us.
We must not be those who, even after hearing the cry of the sorrowful Jesus Christ, the wounded Jesus Christ, linger and fail to set a direction and run. When Jesus Christ suddenly comes and calls you with a voice of sorrow, you must not cower in that place.


This is how Jesus finds us

Then what should we do? Before the voice of Jesus Christ's sorrow is heard, you must first cry out with a voice of sorrow.
I must first cry out, 'My shepherd! Lord!' so that my voice fills the heavens and the earth.
Then Jesus, who is coming to find you, will listen to your cry and when he cries out again, he will not cry out with a sad voice but with a joyful voice. You must stand in such a position.
We who must testify to the sorrowful heart of Jesus
Today, we must testify to the sorrowful heart of Jesus Christ.
We should not just be sad about losing our shepherd, but we should know how to cry out to find the lost shepherd.
Only when we become beings who can take responsibility for the toiling steps left by Jesus who cried out like this, will we be able to offer satisfaction to this Jesus. You must know the fact that today Jesus is looking for us with a voice of sorrow, and is repeating a life of suffering to find us.
Jesus, who represented the 4,000-year history to save humanity, could not live a comfortable life due to the providence of salvation for all humanity. He is coming to us today through a life of suffering.
As you know, Jesus' 30-odd years of life were a life of suffering. His life during the 30-year preparation period as the son of Joseph the carpenter was a life of suffering both externally and internally.
He could not live as freely as you in a comfortable place. It is a great misunderstanding to think that he lived as befitting the savior of all people. In a position where he was criticized even by his stepfather Joseph, Mary, and his younger siblings, Jesus spent a life of suffering, unable to say all that he had to say.
Jesus' suffering was not for himself. Knowing that if it were not for him, there would be no one to find the lost family again on behalf of the heart of God who had toiled for 4,000 years, he was earnest with his heart toward heaven day and night.


And seeing the multitudes struggling in a miserable environment centered on their surroundings and themselves, Jesus entered a life course of difficulty and sorrow and fought by dedicating his life to realize the ideal world on behalf of the living word of God for 4,000 years.
Jesus, who was not treated properly from birth, lived a lonely and difficult life like a life in the wilderness until he died. This external suffering of Jesus was also suffering, but the hidden suffering in his internal heart that was not revealed externally is known only to God.
The people of Israel, who should have believed in and followed Jesus, did not recognize the person they should have known, but recognized the person they did not need to know. Among such people of Israel, Jesus longed for life in his hometown.
The life he ate, wore, and drank was not a life for himself, nor a life for his own comfort. All his eating, wearing, and drinking were for God, for the world's humanity, and for the nation, beyond Jesus himself, and his footsteps were also such footsteps.
However, there was not a single person who understood the circumstances of such a messiah.
There was no one who, embracing the lonely heart of Jesus Christ, would say, 'I know your heart, I know your heart, I will follow you wherever you go and be a friend to comfort your heart.' Even his disciples, who should have comforted him, could not comfort Jesus' hidden inner heart.
Therefore, the 30-odd years of Jesus Christ's life were marked by a life of suffering. From the day his three-year public ministry of preaching the gospel began, the words he preached were not private words. They were not words for his own benefit, nor were they words to establish any of his own power. They were words to fulfill God's will.
However, there was no one who, on behalf of the entire nation, recognized and wanted to be a friend to Jesus who came with such words and will. Therefore, Jesus was an object of contempt in the village and an object of contempt for the entire nation.
Today, you are in an environment where you can hear God's word in a comfortable place.


This is how Jesus finds us

You must not miss this time when you can face God in such a free environment.
The suffering Jesus
In Jesus' time, he had to preach the word secretly, and he had to listen to the word in hiding. That is why the place they went was the wilderness. Even in such circumstances, Jesus tried to lead a large crowd into the wilderness and preach the word of God. You must know the heart of Jesus Christ who tried to fulfill God's will by preaching the word of God even in that way.
In this way, Jesus preached the gospel to the multitudes in the course of his life, but there was not a single person who welcomed it. No matter how earnest his heart was in preaching the gospel, there were many who did not know. The more Jesus worked to fulfill the mission and responsibility he was given, the more people acted destructively towards it.
Looking at this, the pitiful Jesus Christ, who had been crying out in the wilderness to the multitudes all day long, went into the rugged path of the Mount of Olives to appeal to heaven again. You must think of the toil of Jesus who, with his disciples scattered, went before God alone to heal his wounded heart and to replenish his strength to fight Satan for the second time.
You must know that Jesus Christ lived a life of suffering among sufferings by burning his 30-odd years of life. Not only that. It is a great misunderstanding to think that Jesus' suffering ended with the suffering of his 30-odd years of life. Even today, in the spirit world of that country, Jesus Christ is in suffering.
Jesus Christ, who is acting on behalf of the will of the providence with the one purpose of fulfilling God's will as the 2,000-year history is extended, is living a life of suffering even at this hour today. That life of suffering is connected and continues to this day.


Then where will this one suffering be resolved? It is not all things on this earth today. It is absolutely not all things on this earth. The resentment that has been formed in that suffering and toil must be resolved through you who can take responsibility for today.
Therefore, Jesus revealed the suffering in the course of the providence of eternal life before you, regardless of the historical distance. If you know this fact, you yourselves must know how to hold the suffering hand of Jesus and comfort him. Thus, the responsibility to comfort by taking on the deep-seated resentment of Jesus Christ, who was hated and cursed, is on you today.
But if you have not been able to stand in such a position, what should you do? You must know how to feel the suffering of Jesus in your environment. You must become a person who knows how to analyze the life of suffering of Jesus Christ in your life.
Then what sin did Jesus have that he had to live a life of hardship and suffering for 30-odd years? If there was a sin, it is only the sin of being established as a savior who must save all people before God. You must know the story of this Jesus who suffered for all people and cried out earnestly for all people. We must have a heart of repentance for such a Jesus today.
In your life, too, there are traces of the suffering of Jesus Christ's 30-odd years of life. If you are to gather this, you must gather everything from the suffering at birth in a manger to the suffering on Golgotha, and even the traces of suffering for 2,000 years after the resurrection. You must know this overall will.
Jesus' sorrow did not end with his earnest cry. It did not end even after going through a life of hardship and toil. Today, people think that Jesus' sorrow ended with his death on the cross after a life of hardship, but because of that, the will was extended and Jesus' sorrow remained as a resentment that could not be resolved. Knowing this fact, you must save Jesus from sorrow at the risk of your life.


This is how Jesus finds us

In this way, Jesus Christ has toiled and walked a path full of resentment until today, after 6,000 years of history, to find us, and he has laid down his life and walked the path of the cross, so you must hold on to such a Jesus.
When Jesus was about to die on the path of death on the cross that concluded his 30-odd years of life, he cried out earnestly, 'Abba, Father...'

The bloody appeal of the numerous prophets and sages who had toiled for 4,000 years should have been resolved by the people of Israel, but since the people of Israel could not resolve it, how could they repay the bloody appeal of their ancestors? There was no way to repay it.
However, it was Jesus Christ who paid the price of the historical bloody appeal on behalf of the nation and made indemnity. When Abel's blood cried out, the condition that the numerous prophets and sages who shed their precious blood appealed to the torn and blood-stained land and to the people of Israel was resolved by Jesus. The sound of crying that had been appealing for 4,000 years, the purpose of the bloody appeal of numerous prophets and sages for 4,000 years, was fulfilled through the death of Jesus himself, and also through his resurrection after death.
Because of the resurrection of Jesus Christ, the resentment of the ancestors who shed their blood on this earth was gathered, and their will to resent the earth and demand the resolution of their resentment was fulfilled. Thus, only then could they worship before heaven with Jesus at the forefront.
We who must resolve the resentment of Jesus
What did Jesus, who completed the bloody appeal of the prophets and sages who were sacrificed because the people of Israel did not believe in and serve heaven, leave to posterity at the same time? Jesus left the blood of the death on the cross to posterity. That is why the blood of the death of Jesus Christ remains in your hearts today. Therefore, when you stand before Jesus, and when you look at your life, you will feel that there was a hill of blood in your life as well. You must know that this is a reward for the bloody appeal of the prophets and sages and at the same time a reward for the bloody appeal of Jesus Christ. That is why when Jesus, who came to us through the path of the cross, tells us to come, we must also go to Jesus through the path of the cross.
Now you must experience that the passion with which Jesus Christ appealed with his blood on the cross on the hill of Golgotha is beating in your pulse.
Even though Jesus Christ found you by hanging the cross, you have not known the toil of Jesus Christ who came to you in that way until now, and you have not called on Jesus by hanging the cross. Jesus Christ, who walked the path of death, Jesus Christ, who came to me carrying the cross, is still crying out for me, appealing infinitely for me, suffering, walking the path of death, and toiling for me.
Now we are facing Jesus with the cross in between, but who will resolve the resentment of this cross? We must resolve it today. Before resolving this, we cannot hold on to Jesus Christ and call him my bridegroom.
That is why when Mary Magdalene said, 'Oh, Lord!' right after the resurrection, Jesus stopped her. And that is why Mary Magdalene wanted to live a life in heaven from the day she met the resurrected Lord, but the life in heaven was blocked for 2,000 years. Knowing this remaining resentment of the cross, we who believe must now resolve this remaining resentment of the cross.
I will.
What did Jesus Christ, who crossed the hill of the cross over and over to find us, leave behind?
Jesus left the nouns bridegroom and bride on this earth. So now, in your prayers, the Lord will appear as the bridegroom. You are the bride and the Lord is the bridegroom; in that form He will appear to you. When you see the Lord appearing as the bridegroom, you must always think of the price of the blood of the cross.
Now, what is left? What is it that the Lord must find for us again? It is the way to abolish the cross and bless all generations.

<01456>

Thus Jesus finds us

He must find a way to get beyond the cross. If Jesus cannot freely hold onto us after crossing the hill of the cross, He must resolve this one resentment of taking down the cross. The history of the Second Advent will not be completed until a single, unchanging standard is established through my own body, through the altar, and through heaven and earth, by which the cross can be abolished.
The light, water, and oil that Jesus left behind
What did Jesus, who found us in this way, leave for us today?
What did He leave for us after finding me through a sad life, through a life of suffering, through death on the cross? Jesus left us the light of life. Jesus came to us at the risk of his life, and what gift did he bring? He brought the light that can brighten the dark world. That is why when we shed tears of gratitude for the death of Jesus Christ, we come to know the heart of Jesus Christ and the circumstances of Jesus Christ.
And what else did Jesus Christ leave for us? He left us water and oil. What did Jesus leave for us to heal us who have been afflicted as much as we have been and wounded as much as we have been? He left us water and oil.
Therefore, we must shine the light that Jesus left us to find our wounds and wash them with water and oil, and knowing that we are sinners and naked, we must put on the wedding garment. The time has come for this. In this way, after you have lit the lamp in your heart and mind, washed your sins clean, healed your wounds, and put on the wedding garment, you can fulfill the desire of Jesus who died 2,000 years ago today.
Now, after lighting the lamp of our hearts, washing our bodies clean with water, anointing our wounds with oil, and putting on the wedding garment He has permitted, we must cross the cross ourselves, without needing Jesus to cross it for us, and offer our worship to Jesus.

<01457>

This is what human beings must do on earth.
Do not hope for Jesus to cross the cross, but you must try to cross it. It is not that Jesus will cross over, but you must become beings who emit the light of life, and then, with all your strength, put on the wedding garment that can replace the light of eternal, unchanging value, cross the cross, and hold onto Jesus, saying, "Lord, may you rest in peace forever." You must become loving brides who can offer worship. God is hoping for such brides to emerge.
You must now untie the burden that Jesus left behind. Inherit the light of the heart from Jesus, receive the gift of water and oil from Jesus, and then put on the wedding garment... This wedding garment is not a garment that will remain with you as an individual. It is not to be fixed on you, but through you, many people must receive the light of life, receive the gift of water and oil, and by putting on the wedding garment, become brides before the Lord.
<Prayer> Father of love! As we feel how harsh the 6,000-year history has been, please allow us to become those who feel fear before that penetrating heart and that penetrating mind. We did not know what sin was the greatest among sins, but now we know that it is a great sin to consider the light given by the Lord as my own, it is a great sin to have water and oil and keep them only for myself, it is a great sin for me to be wearing the wedding garment and not have many people wear the wedding garment, and we have learned that this is a great sin representing 6,000 years, not to have made them believe when we had the responsibility to do so.
Today, the children of Yours who have gathered in this place, please allow them to realize that it is a greater sin to cause one life to sin than to sin themselves, and that it is a greater sin not to leave behind the light, water, oil, and wedding garment left by the labor of Jesus Christ.
Father, now through the words that have been conveyed, let the scattered children receive the image of Jesus Christ and hear the voice of the calling. We must take responsibility for the historical labor and suffering, even the suffering of the cross, but since they are in a position of insufficiency, do not know the will of heaven, and are in a position of not knowing the will that the Father desires, Father, please encourage them and first reveal the will to them, and allow them to hear the direct voice of the Father. As they desire to live a life of goodness, I earnestly hope and desire, loving Father, that you will guide them so that they can live as they have embraced.
I earnestly hope and desire, loving Father, that you will guide them to become children who can cross over all things and reveal the glory of heaven by adorning themselves as the bride of the Lord, and that you will have them take charge of a new historical work.
I entrust everything to you, so please take charge according to your will, appear upon the hearts of those who have gathered, and I earnestly hope that you will establish them as children who can represent the eternal glory of victory, and I have spoken in the name of the Lord. Amen. *

<0144)

Jesus who comes and goes for the sake of heaven and earth,
and who will come and go

John 14:2-12
<Prayer (I)> The young children have come before the Father's knees again to find the way to live, so Father, please receive them. We know that you have told us that we are more precious than the universe. A large crowd has gathered before this holy altar, thirsty for life, so Father, please allow this gathered crowd to represent the Father's glory, and to know the Father's concerns and worries on behalf of the altar of joy, and I earnestly hope and desire, Father, that you will allow this one hour to be a time when they can experience the Father's heart.
We know that the Father is in a position where He has no choice but to believe in insignificant things, and we know that He is in a position where He has no choice but to rely on insignificant things and bring about history. Please forgive our past faults for not being able to let the Father believe in us, even though we know that heaven is in a position where it must believe in us and establish us until today.
We were human beings who could not even fulfill our responsibility to be a source of support, so Father, I earnestly hope and desire that you will forgive us at this time. I earnestly hope and desire, my loving Father, that you will receive us at this time as a worthy offering for the Father to take, who can believe in the Father, rely on the Father, and even give up my life and frankly offer my entire life to the Father.
May 23, 1956 (Wednesday), former headquarters church.

<01460>

Jesus who comes and goes, and will come and go, for the sake of heaven and earth

Father, you have called us, who are insignificant, from among many people, so please take charge of us and embrace us with your compassionate love.
At this time, we offer our entire body and mind to the Father, and we earnestly hope and desire, loving Father, that you will allow us to experience the Father's anxious heart, and that you will allow us to become children who can receive and bear the one desire that the Father requires of us.
When we look at the history in which your sorrowful circumstances that have been맺혀져 for 6,000 years continue to this day, and your lamentations continue to this day, please forgive us for being the source of the Father's lamentations ourselves today.
I earnestly hope and desire, loving Father, that you will make us the substance of the Father's life and desired ideal, and that you will make us the root of life that the Father can rejoice in.
I earnestly hope and desire, Father, that you will look upon the children gathered here with compassion, and that this time will be a time when we can offer all our sincerity to praise the Father's love, and become a living sacrifice without shame as children established before the tens of thousands of saints.
I have entrusted everything to you, so please take charge. I have spoken in the name of the Lord. Amen.
<Prayer (II)> Father! The children who were walking the rough path toward heaven, each carrying their own cross even in a lonely environment, have gathered before the Father's knees at this time, hoping for the great and high gift of the Father's love, so Father, please come personally and embrace them with love, comfort their weary hearts, and raise up their dry spirits.
If the Father does not personally hold onto us, where do we have to go? We are pitiful children, so Father, please be with us personally and guide us on the path we must go, and help us to become children who can strive toward the will that the Father aims for.
At this time, Father, please personally take charge of the bodies and minds of the gathered children, and since each has laid their heart before the Father, Father, please bring about a new history and treat them with a compassionate heart.
I earnestly hope and desire that you will bestow a great gift so that a great history of the Father's love can occur at this time, as each person lays before the Father all that they have done in the past and repents.
Father! There is still a rugged path before us, so I earnestly hope and desire that you will personally hold onto us and grant us the strength to walk all the paths of death and still remain.
Now, please embrace the foolish children who are just watching, and grant them the courage to strive to achieve only the will of heaven, and I earnestly hope and desire that you will help them to go forward as called children of heaven, as warriors of heaven.
The saints who have the responsibility to awaken all the sleeping children and lead them to the Father have gathered, so please help them not to be lacking in fulfilling the mission they have shouldered. Please help them to become children who can be even higher than any saints of the past, and I earnestly hope and desire that you will help them to become children who can love even Satan.
I hope and desire that you will help them to become children who walk a proper path in response to the Father's support, and that you will help them not to become a laughingstock of Satan. I hope and desire that you will help them not to become foolish people who measure the heavenly law centered on themselves, and that you will help them to become children who can reveal only the Father's glory and exalt the Father's gift on this earth.
At this time, please bestow a special gift upon the heads of all the children who gather in the Father's name, and in every nook and cranny where worship is offered, please raise up the flames of life so that they may realize the new providence of the last days, and I earnestly hope and desire that you will quickly call the children who can exalt the Father's glory on this earth.
Even at this time, how many children are there who call on the Father, build a hidden altar, and yearn for the path of the will? The mission to find them is also shouldered by the children gathered in this place, so Father, please help them not to be lacking in fulfilling such a mission, and please gather all the children to the Father, and I earnestly hope and desire that the day when we can exalt the great and glorious will of the Father will come quickly.
We have the mission to find the 2.4 billion sleeping people and bring them before the Father, so Father, when we go forward with confidence with the words you have given us, please raise up the flames of life in every place, and bring about the history of resurrection, and I earnestly hope and desire that you will help us to become children who can exalt the Father's joy and glory on this earth.
The earnest heart of Christ who has been laboring for the people of this earth for thousands of years until today, and the lamentation of Christ who appeals to the Father for us
Please let us firmly believe that we have the responsibility to resolve the resentment.
Please do not let us abandon Heaven's standard before we fulfill the responsibility that human beings must fulfill, and please allow us to become children whom only Heaven can care for. Father, please be present in this place at this hour, and we earnestly hope and desire that You will help us become children who can receive Heaven's grace by fulfilling our responsibility.
Please help us not to become children who cast aside the mission we have already shouldered, and we earnestly hope and desire that You will help us to be established as the Father's beloved children, children of ability, who can reveal the Father's glory to the end, so that we may have no regrets.
Father, please personally embrace and work through the children who are building lonely altars in the midst of difficult circumstances and crying out and appealing before the Father. Thus, we earnestly hope and desire that You will allow them to become heavenly children who can come forth upholding the Will splendidly.
Father, please work personally at this hour and grant us the grace to receive the word of life with which we can walk the course of eternal life and return.
At this hour, please be with us to the end, and we earnestly hope and desire that You will refine the children gathered in this place so that when they return, they may have beautiful hearts, receive Heaven's great grace, and return while praising the Father.

When we do, we have offered all these words in the name of the beloved Lord. Amen.
<Prayer (III)> Father! Please let us know the heart of Jesus, who had to cross the hill of the cross and go to the eternal world, leaving his beloved disciples behind, and please allow this to be a time when we can experience the heart of Jesus Christ, who gathered the beloved disciples who had followed him for three years, sharing joys and sorrows, before his knees, and earnestly requested with concern.
We earnestly hope and desire that You will allow us to become beloved children who can be offered as humble offerings for the one Will, whose hearts to respond to it by discerning with the heart and experiencing with the body reach heaven and move the people on earth, so that when their hearts are moved, we are moved together.
Please allow us to experience the heart of Jesus Christ, who felt that among the twelve apostles who remained after the countless multitudes who followed him in a state like a sea of suffering had all fallen away, there was a Judas who would soon betray him. We earnestly hope and desire that You will allow us today to experience with our bodies and minds the heart of Jesus Christ when the course of his three-year public life, in which he had trusted and worked with people, was left in such a desolate environment.
Father! Please allow us today to experience the sorrowful heart of Jesus Christ, who, with the path of death on the cross before him, had a one-on-one dialogue with Heaven, and we earnestly hope and desire that You will establish us as children who can become partners of comfort to his heart as living sacrifices prostrated before the Father.
Now, please do not leave us alone, but Father, please be with us personally, and please allow the footsteps that came to this one hour we gathered not to become steps that bring forth lamentation. Thus, we earnestly hope and desire that You, Father, will take charge of and govern all of our lives.
Please allow the beloved children to know that Satan is rampant around them, and please do not allow them to become children who have the leisure of mind to yield to Satan. Please give us a right body and mind toward the Father, and we earnestly hope and desire that You will allow this to be a time when we can build an altar of victory with a sense of mission and with all our intellect and sincerity.

Jesus, Who Came and Is to Come for the Sake of Heaven and Earth

Please allow it, beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire.
Please remove humanistic perceptions and humanistic concepts from the environment around us, and we pray in the name of the beloved Lord, earnestly hoping and desiring that You will allow the heart of the one who speaks and the heart of the one who receives to unite as one and become a joy and glory to the Father. Amen.
<Sermon> The words I want to give today are, “Jesus, Who Came and Is to Come for the Sake of Heaven and Earth.” I will speak for a short time under this title.
The Position of Adam and Eve in the Cosmos
It is an undeniable fact that God created all things in the heavens and the earth so that God could receive glory. That is why He first created the formless world of angels, and next, He created the formless substantial world as a representation of the formless substantial world. And He created Adam and Eve as the center and representatives of the spirit world and the substantial world.
As long as the heavens and the earth do not change, this Adam and Eve had to share the same destiny as the heavens and the earth. In other words, they were Adam and Eve who had the destiny to move as the heavens and the earth moved. Therefore, if Adam and Eve change, the heavens and the earth also change, and if the center of Adam and Eve is scattered, the center of the entire heavens and the earth is also scattered. And they were Adam and Eve who were created with the inevitable condition that if the center of the entire cosmos is scattered, the center of the Creator is also scattered.
Because this Adam and Eve fell, the center of the cosmos went astray, and because the center of the cosmos went astray, the center of the Creator also went astray. Therefore, God is in the position of having to re-establish the center of heaven and earth, have the created world harmonize with that correct center, and make the center of the Creator and the center of the created beings not two, but one. If that happens, then again, if heaven is happy, the earth will also be happy, and if the earth is happy, heaven will also be happy. As heaven is eternal, the earth will also be eternal, and if heaven is immersed in joy of an infinite realm, the earth will also be immersed in joy of an infinite realm.

As long as the Creator's destiny does not go wrong, the destiny of the created world cannot change. Because Adam and Eve, the center of this created world, fell, all things were scattered, and the direction and center of all things went astray. The history to restore this again is the history of the providence of restoration, and through repeated history of the providence of restoration, the long 6,000 years have passed to this day.
Until this hour, God's providence of love was revealed through countless prophets and saints, and while symbolically revealing love through the prophets and saints, He showed the substantial providential love internally and externally through Jesus Christ, who appeared as the crystal of that entire love.
Therefore, his heart represented the center of the formless world, and his body represented the center of the formless substantial world. You must know the fact that because the people of Israel, who should have known that he was this kind of Jesus, did not know, they handed Jesus Christ over to the cross. Thus, the entire heaven and earth were plunged into darkness.
The Purpose of Jesus' Words and Practical Life
The one and only purpose for which Jesus Christ came was to establish an eternal, unchanging center in heaven and earth, equipped with the heart of the Father who created the heavens and the earth. Jesus Christ came to this earth to establish this kind of center.
Therefore, what he said was not to establish some center of his own. It was not to establish a partial center of some village in Jerusalem or a town in Israel, but to establish one center that could connect to the center of the entire spirit world, to the center of the Creator.
His actions were also not the actions of an individual, his hope was not the hope of an individual, and his fight was not a fight that ended with an individual. You must know that the goal he hoped for was to stand as an unchanging center that could embrace all things in the heavens and the earth, and to go beyond all things, through the formless world, to the position of representing the heart of God, the Creator.

Jesus, Who Came and Is to Come for the Sake of Heaven and Earth

You must know the words of Jesus Christ, the life of Jesus Christ, and the practical actions of Jesus Christ who had such a hope. His actions were actions as a new start to build heaven and earth anew, and the words he spoke were words that brought about the history of re-creation to accomplish that one Will.
After a 30-year preparation period, in his 3-year practical life course, he spoke to re-establish the unchanging center of heaven and earth that was lost at the time of Adam and Eve, but because the people of Israel did not believe the words he spoke, Jesus Christ, who should have been established as the center of the spirit world and the physical world, was only established as the center of the spirit world, and you must know that he went without being established as the center of the substantial physical world.
For what did Jesus Christ live until he crossed the hill of the cross? For what did he toil for some 30 years of his life after coming to this earth? Primarily, he toiled for the earth.
However, due to his merit of toiling for the earth, the purpose he intended to reap on the earth was to be fulfilled, and one center that should be achieved on the earth by uniting spirit and flesh was to be completed in one substance, but because the spirit and the flesh were divided, the body of Jesus Christ, the center of the substance to be achieved on the earth, was harmed. Thus, by representing the spiritual world, only the spirit of Jesus was perfected, and you must know that the 2,000-year history since the resurrection until today has been a period of carrying out the providence of restoration centered on the spirit world.
Jesus was resurrected after he died on the cross, and after being active on the earth for 40 days after his resurrection, he went to the spirit world again. In this way, the fact that Jesus died, was resurrected, and then ascended again symbolically shows the history of God's creation.
In the book of Genesis, there is the verse, “And there was evening and there was morning, the first day” (Gen. 1:5). Then there is the night time. The three-day period of Jesus in the tomb is a period like the night time. The 30-odd years of his life were the daytime, and Jesus toiled for 30-odd years to raise his disciples. After going through this course of toil, his resurrection is like passing through the night and greeting a new morning.
The resurrected Jesus toiled to set up a lamp on the earth, but he could not set up a lamp on the earth. However, it seems that he was resurrected to set up a lamp on the earth, but in reality, because he was resurrected as the center of the spirit world, Jesus Christ could not remain on the earth and went to the spirit world again. What does this mean? It means that Jesus Christ, who had passed through the night period and greeted the day period, again met the evening and went to the eternal world.
Jesus, Who Had to Say “I Know” to People Who Said “I Don’t Know”
Then what is left now? What is left is the night period. What should have become an eternal morning with the coming of Christ has again become a period like the evening due to the death of Jesus Christ, so the responsibility to take charge of this night period remains. Because we handed over Jesus Christ, we must bear that responsibility.
Just as Jesus Christ established the standard of victory by defeating Satan on the cross by completing the responsibility of this night period, today, the countless Christians remaining on this earth are in the destiny of having to cross the hill of the battle of the night period.
The era when you cross the hill of this night period, are resurrected in the likeness of Jesus, and enjoy the glory of the new morning with him is the era of the Second Advent of hope.
Jesus Christ came to this earth and lived for some 30 years for this earth. Because Jesus came for the earth, for this humanity of the earth, even if the people on the earth oppose him, even if the people on the earth say, “I don’t know,” Jesus had to stand in the position of saying, “I know.”
When Jesus went through the Garden of Gethsemane to the hill of Calvary, even the disciples who were following him abandoned Jesus. When Jesus was hung on the cross, there was no one who said they knew Jesus. Not a single disciple said, “I know Jesus.” In this way, although there was not a single person who said, “I know,” because Jesus came for the earth, he established the position of saying, “I know,” to the people on the earth who said, “I don’t know.” This is what he did when he was resurrected and went to the shore of the Sea of Galilee to find his disciples. In this way, Jesus left one way for the people on the earth to know, and after 40 days, he ascended again.
Now, even when we are in the position of saying, “We don’t know,” because Jesus Christ was in the position of saying, “I know you,” even if we live on an earth that does not recognize Jesus, we must stand in the position of saying, “I know Jesus.”
Therefore, for 2,000 years since Jesus came and went, human beings have been playing the game of seeking Jesus with their hearts. Just as Jesus sought out the apostles on the shore of the Sea of Galilee, in order to repay the grace of the Jesus who sought them out, believers for 2,000 years have been seeking toward the heaven where Jesus went.
It should not have been so. This kind of life has continued for 2,000 years until today.
Then for what purpose did Jesus go to the kingdom of heaven? Since what Jesus, who came for the sake of the earth, had to accomplish was the will of Heaven, he went to the spirit world and has been working for the will of Heaven until now.
Jesus, who came for the sake of the earth, established the standard of “I know” on the earth, but if he did not go to the spirit world, that is, the invisible world, and establish the standard of “I know,” human beings would not be able to remain in the world of “I know.” Therefore, for 2,000 years until today, he has been praying before God in the spirit world to establish the standard of “I know” from a position that you do not know.
Then, it is said that Jesus prays for human beings at the right hand of God, but what kind of prayer is he praying? He is praying a prayer of blood and sweat. If human beings on earth say they know Jesus, then Jesus goes to the spirit world and says that he knows them.
In this way, if Jesus does not create a position where he can say that he knows them before God, the spirit world where human beings can go will not be recognized before the Father. Therefore, Jesus has gone to the spirit world until today and is praying a prayer of toil before God, saying, “I know them.” You must know this well.

69

After this work, how will Jesus come when he comes again? When he comes, he will come with the work of the earth and the work of heaven combined. He will come taking responsibility for the work of the earth and the work of heaven. Therefore, we today must also follow and cross the hill that Jesus crossed until Jesus Christ, who was resurrected from the death of the cross, ascended to heaven and is in the heavenly world, comes again.
Also, at this time, which corresponds to the morning of resurrection after the 2,000-year period of night, when the Jesus who went away establishes a center of welcome in heaven and comes again, you must feel and know with your heart that Jesus is coming toward the earth.
Until now, the form of faith of us believers has been to long for Jesus while looking at heaven. This has been the motto and standard of our faith until today.
Today, when we must long for the Holy Spirit
Now, there is one thing left for us to long for, and what is that? We must long for the Holy Spirit, who is working on behalf of the earth. You must know this. Until now, countless people have longed for Jesus spiritually for 2,000 years, but today we must also long for the Holy Spirit. You must think that we are the saints and humanity who must do so. In this way, the time has come to long for the Holy Spirit, and the time has come to complete the body of the bride.
Since the Holy Spirit is the spirit of the bride, we must know how to long for her, taking on the appearance of the bride and forming the body of the bride. When this happens, Jesus Christ can go to the spirit world and rest. And after establishing a center in heaven and earth, we will find our way back, centering on this earth.
We who longed for the spirit world with our hearts must now long for the Holy Spirit who works in us. Therefore, we long for Jesus, the spiritual symbol, and the Holy Spirit, the physical symbol, and in our one individual,

70

Jesus who came and went, and will come and go, for the sake of heaven and earth

by the mind that longs for Jesus and the body that longs for the physical Holy Spirit becoming one, the center of heaven and the center of the earth can finally be united in my one mind and body. By doing so, Jesus can stand on my behalf, and the Holy Spirit can stand on my behalf, and I, in the midst of them, can appear representing all people on behalf of the will of Jesus and the Holy Spirit. You must know this.
Then, with what kind of will will the Lord who must come to this earth now come? You must establish the center of Jesus and the Holy Spirit in yourselves. You who have living physical bodies must be completed as a central substantial being that unites the spiritual and the physical, following the example of Jesus and the Holy Spirit, who symbolize the spirit world and the physical world. Otherwise, God’s entire ideal of creation will not be completed in you alone. The mission of this one center is the mission of Jesus and the Holy Spirit. Jesus Christ is returning to establish this one center.
What the saints of the Second Advent era must do
Then, what must we do today to uphold this one will? We should not just think about Jesus Christ going to the shores of the Sea of Galilee to find his beloved disciples. Jesus Christ does not always come to find you. You yourselves must become a bride and attend Jesus Christ.
Since Jesus and the Holy Spirit are the center of heaven, you must establish this one standard of being able to face them as one by becoming the center of the earth by having a center where your mind and body can become one. This is not a time to always just long for Jesus. Now, we must have the body of the Holy Spirit and be able to find and attend Jesus on earth on his behalf. You must find and establish this one center.
Jesus Christ, who desires this one center, has established the Holy Spirit for you and has toiled for 2,000 years until today. Now you must

71

repay this toil. Although Heaven sent Jesus Christ to this earth as the center representing spirit and flesh and established the standard of being completed only spiritually, you yourselves must find and attend Jesus Christ and complete this remaining incomplete part of the flesh. If you complete it in your own body, you can attend in your heart Jesus Christ who has toiled until today.
Today, humanity must now go before Jesus, resemble the heart of Jesus Christ, resemble the body of Jesus Christ, resemble the heart of the Holy Spirit, and resemble the body of the Holy Spirit, and appear confidently before all things in heaven and on earth, and become a person who can establish his or her one individual before God and boast.
And I must become someone who can boast before Jesus and the Holy Spirit. And then, I must become someone who can boast before the apostles. Thus, standing before the Father, I must be able to confidently exclaim, “Father, who has toiled for 6,000 years until now! I will subjugate Satan, who has been the enemy for 6,000 years, in my own body, so, Father, from this hour on, please let go of your worries about Satan.”
And then, I must have the heart to be able to say, “And the groaning of sin that has permeated this entire garden of creation has all receded because of me, so, Father! Please resolve the groaning that has permeated heaven and earth with this.”
And then, for 6,000 years, God established his beloved sons and daughters but was never able to love them. Even today, although God has a heart that wants to love us, he cannot truly find and establish us and love us. Jesus and the Holy Spirit can come and love us, but God cannot love us until we believe in the word.
The responsibility of the believer
Therefore, today, we must have a center on behalf of Jesus Christ and become a being who can say, “Abba, Father! I will take responsibility for all the sins and groans of the people of this earth today, so, Father, who wanted to love humanity for 6,000 years,

72

Jesus who came and went, and will come and go, for the sake of heaven and earth

please love me now with the love of the original creation.” You must become a person who can go before the Father and say confidently, “Father! Please love me. Father! Please love me.” Only then can the will of God who created heaven and earth be fulfilled in you through Jesus Christ.
Therefore, the responsibility of us believers today is….
Jesus came for this earth and toiled for heaven. In this way, only a being who can stand proudly as a central being representing the infinite spirit world before Jesus who toiled for heaven, Jesus Christ who appeared as the center of heaven and earth, can participate in the world of glory where Jesus Christ appears with the joy of heaven and earth, and you can live in a world of joy with God, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit. You must keep this in mind.
<Prayer> Father of love! When we look at the 6,000-year history, in a broad sense, it has been a period of night until now, and we are now in a moment of admiring the dawn of the morning that must appear.
In a broad sense, we are at the point where morning will arrive after passing the period of night, and today, when we must greet the entire morning period, we must pass through the dark night period and have the grace of resurrection, and by placing our hearts before Jesus who is in heaven and following the heart of the one who will come again, and facing Jesus who thinks of the earth, we must become a body on his behalf and become one with the Holy Spirit who comes to find us, thereby forming a physical center, and then by attending Jesus Christ in that center, we can be established as a central being with the original heart of the Father who created heaven and earth. I have spoken briefly about this at this time.
Are we living only for the earth now? We know that this is only half a life. Or are we living only for the spirit? We know that this is also only half.
Until now, we have lived a life of following Jesus up, but now, please let us fulfill the hope of Jesus who wishes for us to come down and long for the Holy Spirit and be completed as a united bride. Please let us long for the character of the bride of the Holy Spirit on this earth, and let his heart and his virtue be harmonized in our mind and body, and let us stand as a completed being through the work of the Holy Spirit, with the help of the Holy Spirit, for what Jesus Christ could not complete physically on earth, and be established as a central being who can represent the entire ideal of creation.
Thus, as the original center of heaven, as the center of the heart through heaven and earth, through the center of the Creator, let us be able to boast before all created things, and be established as the center of the entire garden of creation, so that we can stand proudly before the Father and say, “I have the confidence to turn the heart of love of 6,000 years that was hidden, all by myself, so, Father! Please love me.” Please lead us to the position of a son who can say this.
Until today, you have gone through a history of toil to achieve this. Believing in the calling, believing in the establishment, believing in the finding, and standing as a being who can love before the toil of the Father who came through the history of toil, please establish us in the position of children who can stand in the place where the Father was looking and look at all things, and please establish us as beings whom the Father can personally boast about to all things. Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.
Your beloved children who have attended this hour, may the words they have heard for a short time be harmonized in their mind and body and let them stand as the center of life, and may you lead them so that I alone can represent the truth and the center of the created world and the Creator, and wherever I go, I will be without flaw, and wherever I go, I will not lose the center. Even if it becomes night, please let my heart dwell in the day, and at any time, at any moment, when the Lord comes, the Holy Spirit comes, and the Father appears, please guide us to be in a state where we are not lacking in attending them, and at whatever time you come, please establish us as children who have completed their preparation. Father, I earnestly ask and desire this.
I will conclude all my words. Please be with them throughout the course of their lives. I have prayed in the name of the Lord. Amen. *

45)

Let us return the glory of resurrection
to God like Jesus

Matthew 22:34-40
<Prayer> Loving Father, how many times did Jesus want the people of Israel, who did not believe in him, the Pharisees and the Jews, to repent?
Please allow this time to be a time when the course of Jesus, who was driven and chased and could not get a restful sleep, permeates our mind and body, so that we cannot help but feel the heart of Jesus, and we cannot help but resemble that heart. And is it not the will that the Father demands, and also the desire that we hope for, that such a heart should appear among us?
Please allow us to feel in our hearts at this time that we have the responsibility to carry the course that Jesus Christ walked, the words of the gospel that Jesus Christ left behind, and fight against tens of millions of satans and return the glory of victory to the Father. Thus, just as Jesus had an earnest heart for heaven, please allow us today to have an earnest heart for heaven.
Just as Jesus stood majestically and confidently before the entire crowd that had gathered in faith of Heaven, please allow us to become children who can also step forward with confidence, believing in the Father's words of life and words of truth.
Please do not let me boast of myself today before Jesus, and do not let me reveal my own circumstances before the Father. In this hour, Father...
May 27, 1956 (Sunday), at the former headquarters church.

01475

...many have prostrated themselves before You; please do not let them become shameful.
Please guide us so that we can take the same position as Jesus and represent the Father's heart. If it is the Father's hope that we appear before all people at any time, without hesitation, on behalf of the will of Jesus Christ, then, Father, please remember the children prostrated here. Please seek out each one and command each one.
My Father, I earnestly hope and desire that You will guide us to become saints who can fight on behalf of Jesus Christ to fulfill the Father's will and who are moved by the Father's will.
Father, even when Jesus was refuted, he spoke in defense of Heaven, and holding on to the one will of the Father, he worried and fought to establish that will. But as for us today, in our journey to follow the will of Jesus and the will of the Father, has there ever been a time when we have refuted the Father? We are ones who often complain about the Father's will.
Father, please forgive us for this. We will now boldly proclaim the Father's will before all people, so, Father, please establish the crowd gathered this evening as heavenly warriors and as the Father's children. Please command, advise, seek, and establish us in a position You can be proud of. My Father, I earnestly hope and desire that You will love and guide us.
From the beginning to the end of this hour, may the Father's hand of power be with us, and please allow us to have hearts like gentle and humble children. My Father, I earnestly hope and desire that this may be an hour in which we can become children who can be offered as living sacrifices before the majestic Father and be recreated into our original selves.
Many words are not needed at this hour, so please allow the moving work of life to permeate our entire hearts and bodies, and I earnestly ask that You awaken our bodies and minds with the Word so that we can sing of the Father's joy and testify to the Father's glory. I have reported this in the name of the Lord. Amen.

01476

Let Us Return the Glory of Resurrection to God Like Jesus

<Sermon> The title of the sermon I would like to contemplate with you at this hour is, "Let Us Return the Glory of Resurrection to God Like Jesus." I will speak for a short while under this title.

The Ideal of Creation and the Purpose of Jesus' Advent

The Garden of Eden is a garden where the eternal God can enjoy glory, and all of creation can offer joyful worship to God and live in gladness. Creating such a garden was God's purpose of creation. Also, human beings had to manifest the glory of God's desired hope on the earth. Thus, it was the responsibility of our ancestors, Adam and Eve, to manifest God's glory as a reality, but because they fell, that will could not be fulfilled.
The original garden where God intended to rejoice after achieving the ideal of creation was not realized due to the human fall. Therefore, all of humankind until now has been going through a path of struggle, confronting the forces of darkness while hoping for the glory of resurrection. This has been the course of six thousand years of history.
Throughout history, God has desired to greet the one day when He could achieve the total glory of resurrection and the total inheritance of resurrection, and not only the billions of created beings on this earth but also the myriads of angels in the spirit world and all things of creation could sing of God's glory and offer worship of gratitude. To greet that one day, God sent numerous prophets to this earth, and after four thousand years of history passed, the one whom God sent as the glorious substantial being, embodying His own internal heart and external reality, was the only-begotten son, Jesus Christ.
Since God's glorious being had appeared in this way, the people should have rejoiced and offered thanks. That is, the chosen people of Israel and the religion of Judaism, which was established to fulfill the will of the providence, should have manifested the glory of Jesus on his behalf, but they could not. Thus, you know well that Jesus had to leave behind laments of sorrow and resentment.
When we look at the words Jesus left behind today, his words were not cried out only to the unbelieving people. He spoke to all people.

01477

Jesus was prepared to die for God. He knew that the remaining path was a path of destiny that he could not but go, and knowing that fallen human beings had never, at any time or in any historical process, given their all in heart, character, and will for God, Jesus stepped forward with confidence and cried out. "You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your mind," he said with confidence. You should not think that this one phrase applies only to yourselves.

The Words Jesus Gave
Then what does this one phrase represent? Jesus keenly felt God's anxious internal heart that had permeated the four-thousand-year course of history. Thus, feeling the responsibility to attend God himself, he reaffirmed here that at any time, in any hour, he himself had to become the representative who gave his all in heart, which had not existed in the four-thousand-year course of history, the representative who gave his all in life, and the representative who gave his all in will.
Heaven's glory was to appear as Jesus' glory, Jesus' glory was to appear as the glory of all people, and the glory of all people was to extend to everything in all of creation. However, you must know that because Jesus and the nation were severed, the glory of resurrection and the glory of gratitude that were achieved in Jesus himself have remained as the hope of humankind today.
Jesus appeared as the incarnation of God's glory. One being who gave his all in heart, character, and will for God, the incarnation of victory that had not existed in the course of history, was Jesus. Therefore, you must know that God's heart is accumulated in Jesus himself. Furthermore, you must know that before Jesus gave his all in heart, God first gave His all in heart. You must know that before Jesus gave his all in will, God first gave His all in will. And you must know that before Jesus gave his all in character, God first gave His all in character. Thus, the one who appeared as a mediatorial being, as the incarnation of the gospel, was Jesus.

01478

Let Us Return the Glory of Resurrection to God Like Jesus

Therefore, this word of truth from Jesus was not a word spoken through what was felt nearby, but a word spoken through the ideal of human creation, a word established as an ideal of glory that could elevate the value of the whole, and a word that revealed the Father's hidden heart. You must know this.
Today, you should not think that the words God spoke were spoken because He loved only you. And Jesus spoke such words because he thought that he now had to substantially fulfill the will of God, who had worked hard to establish him. The word he testified to, that just as God gave His all for Jesus, human beings have the responsibility to give their all for God, has been passed down to this day unfulfilled.

God Who Has Been Seeking with All His Heart, Will, and Character
Therefore, we must now revere God with all our heart, will, and character, and we must know that God Himself first came seeking us with all His heart, will, and character.
For four thousand years, what kind of heart did God have toward human beings? He did not come with a heart for His own sake. Although they were human beings who deserved to die immediately and suffer, God walked the four-thousand-year course of history of patience from the position of giving His all in heart for human beings, and you must know that He also walked the course of struggle to discern Satan for four thousand years with all His will.
Thus, we must know the character of God, who has endured, fought, and loved for four thousand years with an unchanging heart of love.
Jesus, who appeared before such a God, gave his all in heart to establish the kingdom of God centered on the people of Israel. Therefore, the course of Jesus' thirty-some years of life was a period of sacrifice of giving his all in heart. In the course of his thirty-some years of life, he did not reveal himself before the nation but silently sought to experience the heart of Heaven, which had endured for four thousand years.
Thus, Jesus felt the twisted facts related to Satan in the four-thousand-year course of history and received internal testimony of them from the spirit world and revealed them. Furthermore, you must know that Jesus was the one who bore the responsibility to reveal the secrets of the heavenly law hidden in the four thousand years of history, to establish the substantial foundation of God's internal endurance, and to establish the external substantial foundation in his thirty-some years of life.
Therefore, the more difficult the situation Jesus was in, the more he was in a position to seek himself, but he could not even think of seeking himself. You must know that Jesus felt the one heart of God, who had endured while seeking Jesus himself through the four-thousand-year history, the heart of God who had endured to find each and every human being, and that he lived a life of preparation for thirty-some years to appear as the substance to resolve that heart.
Until this hour, God has not made excuses for His position to anyone. He could not make excuses to all people, nor did He make excuses to the enemy, Satan. Because Jesus was one who sought to experience this entire heart of God, he endured without making excuses to anyone, even when he was in a lonely position. You must emulate this life of endurance of Jesus.
However, God endured for Jesus, and Jesus did not endure for himself but for the Father. That is, Jesus felt that God had walked a course of hardship to find him, so he did not endure for himself but for God.
Thus, because Jesus left himself and endured for God for thirty-some years, he surpassed Satan's endurance. Satan has struggled until now to destroy the path that God has endured for four thousand years. However, Jesus, who knew that there was a Father's endurance that was greater than Satan's endurance, believed in that Father and endured like the Father, so he became the incarnation of endurance.
In this way, when Jesus himself stood on the foundation of the heart of God's four-thousand-year endurance, and using that as a victorious foothold, he fought against Satan with patience and won, but if he could not establish a substantial foundation of victory, you must know that the heart of God's four-thousand-year endurance would be destroyed.

01480

Let Us Return the Glory of Resurrection to God Like Jesus

Jesus Who Defeated Satan with a Heart of Endurance
Because Jesus, throughout his thirty-some years of life, endured for the sake of God's will even when he was in a situation where he could not endure, and because he endured in a position where Satan could not endure and upheld God's will, and because he was established as a model of one who endures, Jesus became the protagonist who could fight against Satan.
God went through a four-thousand-year course of shedding blood to find the one person, Jesus. Also, while human beings were struggling to fulfill their own individual desires, God walked the course of the history of struggle for the sake of human beings. In this way, although God fought with Satan for four thousand years, God did not fight centered on Himself.
However, what Satan has wanted while fighting until today was for his own glory. Also, he has been fighting with God centered on himself until now. However, God did not fight for Himself. The purpose of God's fight was for the pitiful human race in Satan's bosom, and it was to put forward the one person, Jesus, through the chosen people.
Then what kind of being did Jesus appear as? He appeared as the substantial substitute and incarnation of the victory that God had won by fighting with Satan for four thousand years. Jesus came to this earth as the protagonist of the fight on behalf of God in this way. Therefore, the course that Jesus practiced with the responsibility to inherit the will of God, who had established the standard of internal victory, and to establish the standard of external victory on the earth was the three-year public life course.
During this three-year public life period, Satan fought with Jesus for his own victory but was defeated, so he once again mobilized the nation to fight with Jesus.
However, during the three-year public life period, in any difficult place of battle...
never fought for his own sake. Jesus

1481

said that he did what he saw the Father doing. He walked the three-year public course as the incarnation of battle on God's behalf, as the substantial being who could express God's internal heart. Jesus did not fight to defend himself.
Just as God could not make excuses for Himself, Jesus also did not make excuses for himself in the position of fighting Satan before all people.
Jesus was one who served God with an unchanging heart for the toil of His providence that He had carried out for 4,000 years for His own sake.
Realizing the fact that God's will was manifested through the course of the providential battle, Jesus waged a fight to externally fulfill the entire will that God had established internally. However, in the fight between Jesus and Satan, Satan fought for himself, but Jesus fought for Heaven. This is where the standard of victory was established.
Then what is the reason for Satan's defeat? It is because he fought for himself. The purpose of Satan's fight was for himself. However, Jesus placed the purpose of his fight in Heaven. And because Jesus fought with all his will, with a heart that would not change to the end as long as God did not change, he established the standard of victory. Also, just as God gave His all with all His heart, all His will, and all His character, Jesus also showed such an attitude before humankind.

Jesus, the Substantial Embodiment of God

Thus, Jesus, on behalf of God's internal character, could inherit the heart of God, who loved while enduring all difficulties and sorrows. Therefore, wherever he was, Jesus fought against Satan only as the substantial embodiment of God's will and God's love.
In the course of fighting Satan, Jesus knew that when Satan attacked centered on his own purpose, the impact would not only be on Jesus himself but also on God. Therefore, no matter what

1482

Let Us Offer the Glory of Resurrection to God as Jesus Did

hardships he faced, just as God had endured for him (Jesus), and just as He had endured for all people, and just as God had fought against Satan in the providential course until that time, he fought against Satan, enduring alone for his thirty-some years of life. In this way, Jesus' life, up to the climactic moment of his death on the cross, was a life in which he, as the substantial embodiment of God, consistently practiced and manifested God's love. However, his life's course, that is, the course of practicing God's love, was a course of trial walked while fighting against Satan.
But why did God hand Jesus over to Satan to die on the cross? It is not because God did not love Jesus. Do you know to what extent God loved Jesus? You must know that God's highest love is actually received in a place beyond death. Therefore, in order to receive the love of Jesus, who came on behalf of God, you must have the earnest heart to be able to cross the hill of death. This is because Satan will inevitably surrender at that point.
For 4,000 years, God alone looked upon the entire world, grieving, worrying, and toiling, but with the establishment of one person, Jesus, on the earth, a new battle with Satan centered on him began. Thus, Jesus not only forgot all about himself and fought for God, but he also had no desire for himself even in the place of death, so he was able to manifest the power of resurrection. Today, we too must go through such a course of victory like Jesus.
Jesus offered everything he had to possess God's eternal life and to manifest God's glory. And he offered himself as a sacrifice for sinful human beings. We must know the love of Jesus, who raised his hands and prayed for humankind from a position where he could even forget Satan's opposition.
Because Jesus manifested a love that could not be manifested in the satanic world, Satan had no choice but to surrender to his love. Satan had his own will to seek, but through Jesus, he came to feel shame.

1483

Thus, because of the cross, not only did God, who had been providentially working for 4,000 years, begin to feel sorrow, but humanity also began to feel sorrow, and even Satan began to feel sorrow. You must know this.
It was not only God and humanity who grieved over Jesus' death. Satan also came to grieve over Jesus' death of love. Therefore, the greater Satan's sorrow becomes, the more the fruit of Jesus' love will be borne.
Through the victory of the cross that proved his love, Jesus formed an unchanging bond with God, who had been providentially working for 4,000 years, and became the substantial embodiment of unchanging victory and unchanging love. Because Jesus became one with God on behalf of heaven, earth, and humanity, as long as God does not change, Jesus Christ also could not change.
God had tried to manifest His glory for 4,000 years, but that will was not fulfilled. He intended to finally fulfill that will by establishing one person, Jesus. Therefore, Jesus sought to manifest that will on this earth through human beings. He was to appear as the evidential substantial being of God's 4,000-year providence, but because of the cross, that will was trampled by Satan. However, Jesus, as the eternal substantial being of God, showed the glory of God who had been providentially working for 4,000 years. What was that? It was the glory of resurrection. You must know this.

Jesus Who Manifested the Glory of Resurrection

That resurrection, for the first time in 4,000 years of history, represented the glory of heaven, and it represented the glory of victory in the 4,000-year battle with Satan. Because Jesus showed this victorious standard both spiritually and substantially, God raised the dead Jesus again and began to unfold a new providence. By being hung on the cross, Jesus took responsibility for the 4,000-year providential history and the responsibility of his ancestors, and his resurrection and ascension were his going to that land on behalf of the glory of heaven.

1484

Let Us Offer the Glory of Resurrection to God as Jesus Did

In this way, Jesus was the one who came to substantially fulfill the internal glory of God on this earth, that is, to manifest the complete glory of God. This is because complete glory can only be achieved when the internal glory and the external glory are united. Jesus came to fulfill this very mission.
For God's glory to be completely fulfilled, the only begotten Son, Jesus, who came as the substantial embodiment of God's internal glory, and the Jewish people should not have become distant but should have become one, so that the internal glory of God within Jesus could become the glory on earth. However, because Jesus, who was supposed to take charge of God's 4,000-year providential history and realize God's glory on earth, died on the cross due to the disbelief of the Jewish people, the internal glory of heaven became a spiritual glory. Therefore, Jesus ascended, having achieved an incomplete glory.
After his ascension, Jesus, in the spirit world, is fighting the battle of heaven that God had been waging against Satan for 4,000 years, the battle of truth to restore humanity, the providential battle to fulfill the will, and, on behalf of the Holy Spirit, the battle of love. In other words, Jesus went to the spirit world, took over this battle that God had been fighting, and is fighting on God's behalf.
Then, where is the foundation where Jesus Christ, who represented humanity, all things, and the love of heaven before God who had been providentially working for 4,000 years, must truly be victorious? It is none other than this earth.

The Holy Spirit Who Is Responsible for the Battle on Earth

Then who should be responsible for this course of battle remaining on earth? While Jesus has taken over and is fighting God's internal battle in the spirit world, the Holy Spirit and we on earth must cooperate together to be victorious in the battle of love to substantially complete the internal battle and the internal providence.

1485

This battle is not a battle fought only spiritually. It must be fought both spiritually and physically. And you must know that the destiny to win in that battle remains with us, human beings. In other words, it is our destiny to take over and win the internal battle of God that Jesus has been fighting in the spirit world until now, and the battle he fought for the salvation of humankind, sacrificing his thirty-some years of life on this earth.
Therefore, you must now pray and cry out, “Father! Jesus! Holy Spirit! Give me strength,” and do your utmost to fulfill the historical desire of heaven on earth.
Jesus came to this earth as the fruit of God's 4,000 years of toil, and he came as the first perfected being that God had hoped for. However, Jesus Christ had a course that he could not complete in his thirty-some years of life. And in the course of battle during his three-year public ministry, there remains the regret of not being able to fully fulfill God's glory, and the heart of love that shed blood on the cross remains on the earth.
For this reason, today we must take over the mission that Jesus could not complete on earth and fulfill it both spiritually and physically. And we must offer our entire life course to inherit and continue the path that Jesus Christ walked.
Then, what should I do today when I stand myself before the Father and criticize myself? Jesus fought against Satan to fulfill God's will, and for 2,000 years after Jesus' departure, he has been toiling together with the Holy Spirit. You must resemble such a Jesus. And you must know that the period in which Jesus stood himself before the Father and waged a victorious battle was not just one day, but a period of thirty-some years. You must know the heart of the Father who has been providentially working for 6,000 years, the anxious heart of Jesus to fulfill the will, and the heart of the Holy Spirit.
Thus, if you cannot endure with all your heart in the course you must endure today, then because of you, the will of God who has been grieving for 6,000 years, the will for which Jesus toiled his entire life, and the will for which the Holy Spirit has toiled for 2,000 years since Jesus' death will all be frustrated. You must know this for sure.

1486

Let Us Offer the Glory of Resurrection to God as Jesus Did

Therefore, you must now wage a battle for this will.

Our Mission

Jesus received much opposition from his enemies. When he was driven out of this town, he went to that town, and when he was treated with contempt in this place, he fled to that place. Even in such circumstances, Jesus did not know how to defend himself. He came with the entire life of heaven, but he could not show such value. Thus, he was a Jesus who went through a course of silent battle, and furthermore, a Jesus who, even on the summit of the cross, forgot himself and fought against Satan to testify centered on God's will and love.
Therefore, if you have any heart of love to find and establish Jesus himself, it will not make Jesus sad but will make him happy. Thinking of this fact, you must today take the place of Jesus' deeply felt thirty-some years of life, and you must take the place of the heart of God who has endured until today.
You must take the place of the hearts of the prophets who established altars and providentially worked through the nation to fulfill God's will for 4,000 years, and you must emulate the heart with which Jesus loved humanity. Thus, today you must do the same kind of work as Jesus did when he did not establish himself and made Satan sad by setting a standard of victory with a heart that did not love himself. You must conclude all the battles of the 6,000 years.
You must be victorious in all the battle courses of endurance. You must also be victorious in the battle of testifying to the will of heaven. You yourself must take the place of Jesus Christ. You must have the heart of victory of the will, glory, and love that God has endured for 4,000 years. Just as Jesus forgot himself and toiled only to fulfill the will of heaven, you too must forget yourself and bear the fruit of the entire glory that God desires. You must bear the fruit of victory with your heart and body.

1487

is.
Therefore, with our minds, we can sing of the glory of Jesus, and with our bodies,
we can sing of the glory of the Holy Spirit. And if we, with our minds, do not
substitute for the glory of Jesus' resurrection and with our bodies, do not substitute
for the glory of the resurrection through the Holy Spirit, then the Holy Spirit cannot
go to the position of the glory of resurrection.
Jesus was equipped with the glory to resurrect and ascend, but the Holy Spirit has not yet
possessed the glory to resurrect and ascend.
Until today, for 6,000 years, a single substantial being with both spirit and body has not emerged
to represent the glory of God who has been conducting the providence. Today, a person must emerge
who can represent the glory of victory resulting from Jesus' love, and a person must emerge
who can stand in the position of the glory of resurrection through the Holy Spirit. You must know
that if you do not appear as a single substantial being like Jesus, who could fight with his mind
and body to fulfill God's will of the 4,000-year providence, the will of God who has been
conducting the providence for 6,000 years will not appear as glory.
So, what should we do from now on? We must know that the Holy Spirit, who is
equipped with the will of completion, the heart of completion, and the character of completion,
has come to this earth. Therefore, unless the substantial representative of Jesus Christ, who
represented the will of Heaven, and the substantial representative of the Holy Spirit appear on this
earth, God's will cannot be fulfilled. You must know this. Today, you must be grateful
to the Father who gave you life. And you must know that you bear the responsibility
to liberate even the Holy Spirit on this earth.
However, if this is not accomplished in the last days, today, the purpose of God's 6,000-year
providence will not be fulfilled. Therefore, today you must be victorious in the entire course of
battle to fulfill the will that God, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit desire.
To reveal the glory of the resurrection of the Trinity, you must go beyond that course of battle,
the course of perseverance. *

(6)

Let Us Fulfill God's Will of Love to Unify

The title of the words I would like to give today is, Let Us Fulfill God's Will of Love to
Unify. I will speak for a short time under this title.
These are words that you know well as the most important words in your life of faith,
memorize well, and regard as the center of your life for living well.

God's Hope in Providential History through the Prophets

Because God's will was not fulfilled due to Adam's fall, the providence of restoration
has been repeated throughout the course of history until today.
It was God's original will of creation for God and human beings to live in harmony in one love,
centered on one will, and for the whole heaven and earth to rejoice in God's love and live as one,
with that love established as the center of actual life. However, due to the fall of Adam and Eve,
God's love remained only as God's love. In other words, God's love, which was supposed to form a
relationship with human beings, could not form a relationship with them and departed from them,
and it departed from the entire created world.
Therefore, God has been going through 6,000 years of history until now, hoping for the one day
when He can gather all things centered on the love He intends to establish and enjoy that day together
with all things. However, the entire creation has not yet been unified as one centered on God's
love, and that ideal of God remains as an ideal, and the love of hope that must be found also
remains as it is. Therefore, God has been conducting the providence until now to surely fulfill
that will.
In this way, God has been conducting the providence for a long time to fulfill God's hope and to
find a heart that can believe in and love human beings, regardless of the era, since the human fall
until today, but He has not yet been able to achieve or find them.
When we look back at the history of Heaven's providence, we can see that God intended to establish
an unchanging standard of hope for human beings, an ideal for human beings, and love for human beings
by raising up one person, Abraham. Only when the day comes when this will of God is fulfilled, only
when the day comes when such a center of love is established, can a relationship between God and
human beings be formed, and based on that established relationship, God could enjoy the joy of a new
ideal, which is why He chose and raised up Abraham. However, because Abraham failed to establish the
center of love, God had been laying the foundation to establish the will of heavenly love until the
time of Jesus.
Therefore, the 4,000-year history up to Jesus was a period in which a single substantial being who
had fulfilled God's hope, faith, and love had to be established before the entire will of the
providence. If such a being was not established, God's hope, faith, and love would each be separated
and would be marked by a history in which unification could not be seen in any period, so God first
laid the foundation of hope. Then, on that foundation, He intended to lay the foundation of faith,
and on that foundation of faith, He intended to lay the foundation of love. Thus, in the end, He
wanted to greet the one day when He could present before heaven and earth a single incarnate being
who was the fruition of all these things, that is, the substantial self of the entire hope, the
substantial self of the entire faith, and the substantial self of the entire love. However, if such
a one day could not be greeted, the ideal of unification centered on God's love could not be
accomplished on this earth.

Let Us Fulfill God's Will of Love to Unify

is.
To establish that one day, God had been working hard, laying the foundation of hope by dividing the
4,000-year providential history from Abraham through Moses to John the Baptist into three stages.
Who was the one who appeared as a single substantial being on that foundation of hope? It was Jesus
Christ. Because Jesus Christ was a being who appeared as the one substantial being that God had hoped
for for 4,000 years, he was the total fruition of the 4,000 years of providence that God had conducted
with hope.
Then, what was it that Jesus planted when he came to this earth as such a fruition? It was the
gospel of the New Testament established through the course of faithfulness, that is, the gospel of
faith. After that, 2,000 years of history have passed centered on this gospel of faith.
You must know that the one being who appears as the substantial being of the entire love, representing
heaven and earth on the foundation where the gospel of faith has borne fruit, is the Lord of the
Second Advent who is to come. Then what does God intend to do in the age of the Second Advent? You
must know that the purpose of God's 6,000-year providential history is to plant a seed of life on the
foundation of faith that has been laid until now, centered on the coming Lord of the Second Advent,
and to bring it to fruition.

Central Elements of the Completed Testament Age

Today, we look to God as the protagonist of our hope, and we look to Him as the protagonist of our
faith. We also look to Him as the protagonist of our love. God, who is the protagonist of this hope,
faith, and love, had human beings go through the Old Testament Age, which represented hope, and the
New Testament Age, which represented faith, in the course of history, so in the future, they will
have to go through the Completed Testament Age, which represents love.
Then, what is it that can remain as the one eternal and unchanging central element in such a
Completed Testament Age, that is, the age of the Second Advent? It is God's love. It is the central
element of the whole and at the same time the element of the ideal of the whole.

is.
Therefore, until now, human beings have come through the providential course of hope and the
providential course of faith for this love. However, you must know that if you yourselves do not walk
the providential course of love, the foundation of unification that God must achieve on this earth
centered on love will collapse.
Jesus Christ, who appeared as the center of faith on the foundation of hope, spoke words to establish
faith on this earth. If the people of that time had embraced this Jesus Christ as the substantial
being of faith, that is, if they had known and served Jesus as the fruition of the hope of God's
4,000-year providential history, the central being of faith in the eternal course of faith, and a
single substantial being who could testify to and integrate the eternal love of God, then the people
of that time could have had the eternal hope of God, the eternal faith of God, and could have
experienced the eternal original love of God through the one person of Jesus.
However, due to the disbelief of the Jewish people, Jesus Christ died, and as a result, today in our
course of faith, we have come to complete only the spiritual substantial being of hope, only the
spiritual substantial being of faith, and only the spiritual substantial being of love.
Then, what is the standard of victory for God's love? Any being in heaven and on earth moves centered
on God's love. However, because Jesus Christ, who came as the incarnation of that love of God, died,
all that will was shattered.
Jesus was the being of hope accompanied by 4,000 years of God's labor, and he came as the master of
all things, hoping to become one with God. Originally, the human ancestors' hope to become one with
God was broken by the fall of Adam and Eve. Therefore, it was supposed to appear as a substantial
being of faith encompassing both spirit and body, united with God's ideal centered on Jesus Christ,
but it was completed only in the spiritual aspect.
Therefore, today we must inherit and fulfill the inheritance that Jesus left behind. Just as Jesus'
one body became a single substantial being of hope with spirit and body, I must become such a person
and be able to represent him, and just as Jesus was a substantial being of faith, I must become such
a person and be able to represent him. Also, just as he was a single substantial being centered on
love, I must become such a person. Thus, standing before God, I must represent the hope, faith, and
love of Jesus, and furthermore, as the substantial being of the Holy Spirit's hope, as the substantial
being of the Holy Spirit's faith, and as the substantial being of the Holy Spirit's love, I must
fulfill that mission.
This is the mission that human beings on this earth today must fulfill for the Father after Jesus
came and went. Therefore, when we complete that mission, we can see the conclusion of Jesus' hope and
the conclusion of the Holy Spirit's hope. Furthermore, we can see the conclusion of Jesus' faith and
the Holy Spirit's faith, and Jesus' love and the Holy Spirit's love. Thus, you must achieve the day
when you can conclude all those things, and only then can the Lord of the Second Advent appear on this
earth.

Human Beings Must Become the Substantial Beings of God's Faith, Hope, and Love

God's hope was not God's own, but a hope for human beings. God's faith was also not God's own, but a
faith for human beings. Also, God's love was not a love for God Himself, but a love for human beings.
Therefore, human beings must be able to represent that hope of God, represent that faith, and
represent that love. At that time, God can boast of that one human being before all things as a being
who represents the hope of the whole, the faith of the whole, and the love of the whole.
In other words, He can boast of that one being as the central body of hope that all these things
desire. Also, He can boast of him as the protagonist whom any being in the entire creation, that is,
in heaven and on earth, can believe in and live by. Furthermore, He can boast of him as a central
body of adoration whom all beings can love.
Just as Jesus Christ appeared as a mediatorial incarnation representing God's love, today we must
receive the hope, faith, and love of Jesus Christ and appear on this earth as a substantial proof of
hope, a substantial proof of faith, and a substantial proof of love before any evil person.
If one does not become such a being, one cannot establish the condition to pay indemnity for the
standard of Jesus Christ's hope, the standard of faith, and the standard of love anywhere. Therefore,
today we must repay Jesus Christ, who appeared as the substantial being of God's hope, God's faith,
and God's love, before this satanic world.
However, we should not repay for the partial hope of Jesus Christ, nor should we repay for the partial
faith of Jesus Christ, nor should we repay for the partial love of Jesus Christ, but we must be able
to repay for the whole. Human beings have tried to find and establish that one standard on this earth
and repay it, but they have not been able to repay the whole. However, you must know that Jesus tried
to show such a process-type through his three disciples.
Then who was the person who appeared as the fruit of faith? This was Peter. Also, who was the person who appeared as the fruit of hope? This was James. And who was the person who appeared as the fruit of love? This was John.
Because these three people took responsibility for a portion of the gospel of Christ and went forward as one, today I can receive the fruit of hope, I can receive the fruit of faith, and I can receive the fruit of love, and the providential history has flowed on, hoping for it to be so. Therefore, the final path is for the three people to harmonize and conclude as one complete body. This was the final teaching that Christ left on this earth.
Therefore, in order for you to appear as the final completers today, you must become the representatives of Christ. However, if you do not stand as one unchanging substantial being rooted in the three disciples of Christ, you will not be able to stand before Jesus, the bridegroom who established the three disciples and went on. When we think about this,

Let Us Fulfill God’s Will of Love to Unify

today, we must fulfill the hope of faith that established Peter in my own self. We must bear the fruit of hope that established James in my own self. We must reap the fruit of love that established John in my own self.
If you become like this, that is, if you become a bride who can stand before the Jesus of the last days, you will feel the joy of the will of hope that God has been anxious about for 6,000 years coming to fruition in your own self, and you will give thanks to the Father.
Furthermore, you must reveal the joyful fact that the hope of faith that God has hoped for and come out with for 6,000 years has been fulfilled centered on the love of Jesus, and has been fulfilled on behalf of all creation. Thus, you must become people who can feel the joy of that love and give thanks to the Father in the midst of God’s joy and love. You must know that this task remains as a historical responsibility for you today.
What the Providence Demands
Then, when the time has come for you yourselves to be equipped with the fruit of hope, the fruit of faith, and the fruit of love, calling out, “Abba, Father!”, what is it that is required of you now? You must be able to feel the sorrow that God felt while holding onto hope for 6,000 years. You must also be able to feel the toil that God went through to establish faith for 6,000 years, and you must be able to feel the fact that God has repeatedly walked the course of sacrifice to achieve love for 6,000 years.
In Jesus’ own person, the practical course that substituted for the fruition of God’s 4,000-year hope was the providential history of faith, and what was established as the practical course that substituted for that faith was the history of the spirit. And then, what showed the practical course that substituted for love was the history of unification.
In this way, Jesus established the path of providence with hope, planted seeds there with the spirit and propagated them, and sought to integrate the propagated selves.

Therefore, you must now realize the love of God, the love of Jesus, and the love of the Holy Spirit. And you must know that the age when the hope of Jesus changes to the hope of God is the age of the Second Advent, the age when the faith of Jesus changes to the faith of God is the age of the Second Advent, and the age when the love of Jesus is sown as the love of God is the age of the Second Advent.
If the fruit of Jesus’ hope, the fruit of Jesus’ faith, and the fruit of Jesus’ love are not borne in you yourselves, you must again find and establish the center of God’s new hope, you must find the center of God’s new faith, and you must find the center of God’s love. This is the task assigned to you.
Then what must you do to find them? You yourselves must fulfill the hope of Jesus, inherit the hope of the Holy Spirit, inherit the faith of Jesus and the Holy Spirit, and inherit the love of Jesus and the Holy Spirit. Thus, you must be able to say, “Father, I have known the toil of the Holy Spirit. I have known the hope of the Holy Spirit. I have known the history of believing and coming out of the Holy Spirit. I have known the hope of Jesus Christ. I have known the faith of Jesus Christ. I have known the love of Jesus Christ.” You must know that one such being who can stand before the Father while saying this must appear on this earth today.
Then what kind of being is that one being? The hope that one being possesses is the hope of Christ, the faith is the faith of Christ, and the love is the love of Christ. However, when that one being concludes these with a Godly hope, a Godly faith, and a Godly love, God can for the first time conclude the purpose that remained as the hope of Jesus Christ and establish His will. Therefore, that one being must go beyond the history of Jesus Christ praying on behalf of God, the history of Jesus Christ praying for us at the right hand of God until now, and furthermore, must be able to stand before heaven as a complete being with both spirit and body. And when such a being appears and experiences the joy of heaven through Christ, God and human beings can for the first time

Let Us Fulfill God’s Will of Love to Unify

become one. We must know that we must advance to such a position.
Therefore, today we must experience the heart of Christ that God established through 4,000 years of toil, and even the heart of the Lord of the Second Advent whom He sought to establish through 2,000 years of toil after Christ. And because Jesus Christ could not complete the substantial being of hope that must be physically completed beyond the position of spiritual completion, could not complete the substantial being of faith, and also could not complete the substantial being of love, we have the responsibility to complete that substantial being.
The Lord of the Second Advent is the Representative of Faith, Hope, and Love
We must establish the Lord of the Second Advent who is to come, centered on the love of Jesus Christ, and form a relationship through which we can communicate with God.
Then what must we do for this work today? We must appear as a substantial being of hope that is proven, as a substantial being of faith, and as a substantial being of love. If the Lord of the Second Advent comes on your foundation, the hope that God had when He established Jesus Christ will be determined by you yourselves. Therefore, that Lord of the Second Advent appears as my entire hope, as my entire faith, and as my entire love.
However, when the Lord of the Second Advent appears with such love, hope, and faith, you should not just rejoice in yourselves. Since that joy, the joy of hope, came from him, you must be grateful to him. You must be grateful for the fact that I stood as a substantial being of faith. At that time, all of heaven and earth will respond to you and be able to treat you as a substantial being of love. In this way, you must have the feeling that all of heaven and earth is moving.
In the midst of such a feeling, you must pioneer what God hoped for in Jesus Christ through a practical course that substitutes for hope. Also,

you must pioneer a spiritual history that substitutes for faith. Furthermore, you must practice a life of attendance that substitutes for love and achieve the history of unification, so that you become people whom all people can attend in glory.
Therefore, in order to finally achieve God’s love, you must be equipped with practical hope, spiritual faith, and spiritual love. At that time, we can live forever attending the Lord, and we can live forever attending God.
And my own self today must be filled with the joy of heaven, filled with joy before all things on earth, and filled with joy before human beings on earth. Thus, you must build an age in which the whole world can feel that one joy equally and live forever.
Thus, wherever you are, that place must become a practical foundation of God’s hope, a practical foundation of faith, and an incarnate foundation of love. Thus, by fulfilling God’s hoped-for will on earth, the hope that God intended to fulfill through Jesus is fulfilled in us and connected to all things on earth. And when the joy of God is connected to all things through human beings, the history of unification that God desired is established for the first time.
Therefore, today, in order to stand before God as a being of hope, you must first ask yourselves whether you have rejoiced as the fruit of hope on behalf of all things in heaven and on earth. Also, you must ask yourselves whether you have become a being who can rejoice on behalf of the entire faith of the countless human beings on earth who have believed in heaven until now, and furthermore, whether you have become a being who can feel the feeling of love, being loved by and loving God.
However, the one being who comes as the completion of all those things is none other than the Lord of the Second Advent. In other words, that Lord of the Second Advent is the one who appears representing the entire hope, the entire faith, and the entire love. However, when he appears, you must be prepared to attend him in order to possess his hope, his spiritual faith, and his love. Also, at that time, you

Let Us Fulfill God’s Will of Love to Unify

cannot but go to fulfill God’s will, and you cannot but act. Therefore, today you must appear as an incarnation of hope, a substantial being of faith, and a substantial being of love that transcends the emotions of human beings living within the realm of the fall on this earth. If such a being exists on this earth, the Lord of the Second Advent will come looking for such a being.
Then what is the purpose of coming to find such a being? He comes to find him for the mission that Jesus Christ left behind, the mission that must be physically completed. He comes to find him to fulfill the will centered on spirit and body that God has hoped for since 6,000 years ago.
Therefore, when a hidden being who can be a condition and an example for such a will appears on this earth, any being must be able to attend him as a being of hope, a being of faith, and a being of love. A world where the ideology of unification has been achieved centered on love is a world that has passed through hope and also passed through faith. Therefore, you now have the important responsibility to achieve the day when heaven and earth can respond to your own life centered on love.
The Practical Foothold of the Lord of the Second Advent
No matter how much the Lord of the Second Advent comes on this earth, he cannot do so without a practical foothold of human beings. No matter how much he is a being who represents the eternal love of God, he cannot do so without the foothold of human beings, of you. This important responsibility lies with you. Therefore, you must know that each one of you today represents the 2.4 billion people of humanity and the hundreds of millions of ancestors in the heavenly world until now. Furthermore, my one self is a being that all beings in heaven and earth hope for, and all of heaven and earth hope that my one self will become an individual of faith, a proven individual of love.
Therefore, you must now feel such a heart and, whether you eat or starve, whether you live or die, in your daily life, you must be able to testify to and protect the center of the whole. Thus, you must also carry out this history of being able to give glory to God through all of nature. This important responsibility you

are shouldering today.
Then, when we count your past life of faith, have you become a proven individual who can say that you have achieved hope? The problem is whether you have become a proven self who can say that you have achieved faith, a proven self who can say that you have achieved love.
When you become such a person, the hope of Jesus Christ, the faith of Jesus Christ, and the love of Jesus Christ will be experienced in you as the hope of God, the faith of God, and the love of God. Therefore, you must now be able to feel the hope of God that remains through Jesus Christ, the faith of God that remains, and the love of God that remains.
If there is a person who feels such a feeling, he is a person who is wearing the direct grace of God. Also, such a person cannot but reveal the hope of God, cannot but reveal the faith of God, and cannot but reveal the love of God. If you become such a being, you can share the hope of God wherever you go, you can share the faith of God wherever you go, and you can share the love of God wherever you go.
Also, you must keep in mind that only by doing so can you attend the coming Lord of the Second Advent on earth in place of God.
<Prayer> Beloved Father, we thought that the failure to realize the world of will hidden in heavenly law was all God's responsibility, but now we know that it is also our responsibility due to the human fall.
We have come to know that as long as God's eternal hope remains, eternal hope remains for us today; as long as the will of God's eternal faith remains, the will of eternal faith remains for us; and as long as the practice of God's eternal love is not fulfilled, the responsibility to achieve the substance of eternal love remains for us today.
On this day, in order to inherit the history of indemnity, we must inherit the 4,000-year hope as a 6,000-year hope, and the 4,000-year faith as a 6,000-year faith.

Let us fulfill God's will of love, which seeks to unify.

We must inherit the 4,000-year love and manifest it as a 6,000-year love. Standing before God, the responsibility remains with us to establish the 6,000-year hope as eternal hope, the 6,000-year faith as eternal faith, and the 6,000-year love as eternal love. Please forgive our inadequacy and shortcomings on this day. Please forgive our disloyalty and impiety on this day. Please forgive us for having exalted ourselves.
The time has come to bring to fruition the hope of all people, the time has come to bring to fruition the faith of all people, and the time has come to manifest the love of all people as one substance. Where is that one substance being brought to fruition? Please awaken us to the fact that, although we are insignificant, we are the ones who must adorn ourselves anew as brides.
At that time, we know that the history of the toil of Jesus Christ, who achieved internal completion, can bear fruit through us externally, that we can practice the ideal of the Second Advent, and that we can unfold the external history.
We know that the people who must take on the central role of heaven and earth today are the saints who are facing the history of the Second Advent in the last days. Father, you want to entrust the eternal hope of the Father to such people, but we are concerned whether they have become worthy to receive that hope; you want to entrust the eternal faith of the Father, but we are concerned whether they have become worthy to receive that faith; you want to entrust the eternal love of God, but we are concerned whether they have become worthy to receive that love.
By taking responsibility for all these things in place of the Lord and becoming people who belong to the Father's love in an eternally unchanging form before the Father, we must now stand as a people of eternal hope. We must stand as a people of eternal faith, and we must stand as a people of eternal love. Please allow us to know that this responsibility is shared among us.
We must fulfill the purpose of Jesus Christ, who is the one victorious central substance of the chosen Israel, in each of us today, that is, we must be equipped with the substance of hope, the substance of faith, and the substance of love that represents the whole. Now, after the history of the Second Advent, we must stand as the substantial beings of the hope of Jesus Christ, who will take the place of all that Christ did when he came to this earth. We must become the successors of faith, and we must become the successors of love. Please allow us to know this clearly.
Now, as we are in the course of restoration where we must cross the hill of the fall, we must be able to say, "We will take responsibility for the Father's hope. We will take responsibility for the Father's faith. We will take responsibility for the Father's love." We must be able to return that hope, faith, and love to the Father, and furthermore, we must stand as the center of unchanging love before all people. Thus, we know that only by becoming victorious beings who can be loved by the Father can we be qualified to represent the final glory in the last days. Father, please allow the children gathered here today to become figures of whom you can say, "You are the being of my hope, the one I can trust, and the one I can love."
Furthermore, Father, we earnestly hope and desire that you will lead them to become victorious children who can receive the gift of judgment by proclaiming it before all things in heaven and on earth and establish the one condition of harmony.
Therefore, the Father's joy must be transferred to the joy of this earth, the Father's love must be transferred to the love of this earth, and the Father's hope and faith must be transferred to the hope and faith of this earth. Please allow us to transfer a horizontal joy to the Father while attending the ideal of the Second Advent, and please work so that the glory of the Father's will being fulfilled through us, who are centered on the earth, can be revealed to the entire creation.
Through our lives, through our entire lives, we must be able to sing of the glory of Moses, and please allow us all to become one with the love of Moses. Thus, we know that the one thing to be proud of, after uniting all 2.4 billion people of humanity and even the tens of thousands of saints in the spirit world, is to achieve the will of God. We earnestly ask that you allow us to establish the hope, faith, and love that have been achieved as a condition to be eternally proud of in the center of heaven and earth, and we have reported all these words in the name of the Lord. Amen. *

Let Us Become People Who Repay Their Debts

Matthew 18:21-35
<Prayer> Father of creation! Your beauty has appeared in all things of creation, and on the forms that your hand has passed over, the beauty of your mystery and manifestation is full.
Please allow us to experience with our bodies and minds the anxious heart of the Father who, even today, tirelessly seeks the beauty of the purpose of creation for human beings, and to face your love with beauty.
Please allow our minds to appear as the original minds at the time of creation. Please allow our bodies to reveal their beauty as the bodies immediately after creation, unstained by sin, and please allow our minds and bodies to stand as perfectly complete original forms that can move when God moves and be still when God is still, in place of God's love and heart.
We come to know that this was the one standard for which the Father has toiled throughout the history of the providence of restoration until now.
Now, what we must find is our own mind, and what we must achieve is our own body. Please allow us to find and achieve them. Thus, please establish us as one being who can offer worship in place of the beauty of the Father's original nature. Please allow us to offer songs of gratitude and glory to the Father, and, Father, we earnestly hope and desire that you will allow us to feel to our very bones and flesh that this was the purpose of the toiling Father.
June 10, 1956 (Sunday), Former Headquarters Church.

Because we have inherited the lineage of the fall, we have come to live a life centered on ourselves, leaving heaven without even realizing it, and we have become beings who move centered on ourselves, leaving the heavenly law. Please guide us to be led by the cry of our original mind that can turn this around and face the heavenly law, and please allow the movement of our original mind to stimulate our bodies to find the original self that heaven can take.
Thus, we earnestly hope and desire, beloved Father, that you will resolve our lamentations for the billions of human beings and resolve all the lamentations of heaven and earth, so that we can humbly bow down and worship before the Father, and be established as children who can receive the Father's love.
Please take charge of each and every one of the multitude of children gathered here. We know that there are scars left from fighting with the world for a week. If there are any whose minds and bodies want to believe the Father's will in its entirety but have become offerings to Satan due to Satan's schemes, please forgive them.
Thus, please allow them to heal the wounds they have received, and embrace them with the Father's love of compassion. Father, we earnestly hope and desire that you will anoint them with the oil of love and make them complete.
Even if we have not prepared the offerings to be given to you at this hour, please allow this to be a time when we can place our gentle and humble hearts before you and repent by revealing all the aspects of sin that have permeated our minds and bodies. Please allow this to be a time when we can confess directly to you. Father, we earnestly hope and desire that this one hour may be a time when we can feel in our minds and bodies the history of harmony united with you, naturally absorbed by the power of the movement of the majestic Father's love.
Father, you have toiled to raise the small group gathered here today. You have been with us when we walked on rough paths, you have been a friend to us when we were lonely, and you have been a shield for us when we fought. We know that this was not because we were great, but because the great light and great comfort of the Father's hidden love were with us. Please take charge of this life today.
Father! Please reveal your desired will with love at this hour, and please grant us the gift of being able to offer worship and praise in place of the will that you are in charge of. My Father, the family members are bowing down in all directions, building altars of worship toward this one place and praying to heaven. Please appear with the same grace and the same love. Thus, please allow them to complete the mission left and entrusted to them in the last days in their given places, so that the whole may admire the center of harmony.
Please allow a new will to be revealed before the thirty million people, and create a new stimulating impulse to guide them to the good path when they go on the evil path. My Father, we earnestly hope and desire that you will reveal the hand of the Father's love and the history of the power of love.
Do not abandon even one of the children you have gathered, but embrace them in the bosom of your love, and, beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire that you will work so that they can feel with the same grace the leading history of the whole that you have permitted.
We entrust the remaining time to you, so please take charge. We have prayed in the name of the Lord. Amen.
<Sermon> The title I would like to speak on for a short time today is "Let Us Become People Who Repay Their Debts." I will speak on the title, "Let Us Become People Who Repay Their Debts."
Human Beings Who Owe a Debt of Sin and a Debt of Toil
Originally, when God created the heavens, the earth, and all things, He did not establish the principle of being in debt. It was God's purpose of creation to form a relationship of oneness with human beings as one substantial proof, having the form of two but being able to give and receive with each other, where yours is mine and mine is yours.
Because Adam and Eve, who were created for this purpose, failed to fulfill God's will and fell, the billions of human beings from then until now have become beings who owe an infinite debt to heaven. The one who was sent as a representative being to establish a way for fallen human beings to be able to repay their debts again was none other than Jesus Christ. Therefore, we are living a life of repaying debts through the historical course through Jesus Christ. Also, through this life, we are looking forward to eternal life.
You may think that you as an individual are qualified to be presented before the whole universe, but you must know that in your body, without your knowledge, there remains a debt of sin received through the fallen lineage over thousands of years of history.
Also, we must know that in addition to the debt of sin, we have a debt of the toil of God's providence for us human beings, and in addition to that, we have a debt of the toil of the tens of thousands of prophets, saints, and legions of angels who have carried out the history of restoration.
When we think about these things, we come to know that I, as one individual today, am a human being who cannot repay the debt owed to the heavenly law, no matter how much I try, and who cannot save face, no matter how much I try. The one who was established to represent us in order to save the face of such human beings and establish them before the heavenly law was none other than Jesus Christ.
The Debt of Eternal Life, the Debt of Life, the Debt of Love, the Debt of Relationship
We were human beings who should have had eternal life centered on God from the time we were born. We were beings who should have represented God's love from the time we were born through our parents. Also, we were beings who should have had a love that represented our parents, centered on the couple. We were human beings who should have formed a relationship of love with all things.
However, because we failed to become such human beings, you must know that human beings owe a debt of eternal life to God, a debt of life to their parents, a debt of love in the couple, and a debt of relationship to all things.
Where was the purpose of God in creating Adam and Eve as the masters of all things after creating the heavens, the earth, and all things? It was to give human beings an eternal responsibility. Therefore, we were given the responsibility to love eternally. That is, because Adam and Eve failed to follow God's will and were drawn into the bosom of Satan, the debt of life centered on the eternal love of God...
014106

Let Us Be People Who Repay Their Debts

has come to stay with each of us today.
Also, since we were born centering on our parents, we are indebted to them for the love and concern they have given us throughout their lives. Centering on husband and wife, we are also indebted for the love of God that must be fulfilled in our daily lives. Toward all things, we are also indebted for the love that nature has given us.
When we think about this, we must know that we today are the very ones who owe a debt of eternal love to God, a debt of life to our parents, a debt of love centering on our life in our marriage, and a debt of the relationship of love in our life from hour to hour toward all things.
You must become people who know how to save face before Heaven as the masters of all things. Human beings owe an eternal debt to Heaven, a debt of life to their parents, a debt of love to their spouse, and a debt of life to all things. You must realize that all things are implicitly demanding that human beings repay all these debts.
Jesus, Who Came to Repay Humankind’s Debt in Their Stead
However, with human ability, we cannot repay the debt no matter how we try, and we cannot settle it no matter how we try. Therefore, the one who was established as a central being who could stand before the eternal Heaven on behalf of human beings in such a position—that is, who could stand before Heaven on behalf of the eternal parents, who could stand before Heaven on behalf of the eternal couple, and who could stand before Heaven on behalf of the love of the eternal all things—was Jesus Christ.
Through the coming of Jesus Christ, the love of the eternal God came to appear. The fruit of the love that Heaven had hoped for from human beings appeared. The one who appeared as the embodiment of love on behalf of the eternal parents was Jesus. Also, the one who appeared as the embodiment of love on behalf of the eternal couple was Jesus. The one who emerged having formed an eternal relationship with the love of all things was also Jesus. For this reason, the long history of 4,000 years was connected to Jesus’ person, and furthermore, the eternal future was also connected.

014107

Due to the human fall, Jesus came to repay the debt owed to the eternal God, the debt owed to the eternal True Parents, and the debt of relationship owed to the good creation that had not been invaded by evil, but he passed away without being able to repay it all. Therefore, we must now repay all the debt that Jesus left behind.
Centering on Jesus, we must form a relationship with the eternal God, a relationship with our parents, a relationship with our spouse, and a relationship with all things. You must know that if we fail to do so, the purpose of the coming of Jesus Christ, who came for us, will once again remain in an uncompleted stage.
When we carefully observe the course of history, before Jesus came, it was an era of nature worship. It was an era when people believed in all things in place of God and were close to all things in place of God. After that, people devoted all their energy to their sons and daughters more than anything else.
After passing through this era of nature worship and the era of worshipping children, we entered an era of worshipping the bridegroom and bride, and now the era of worshipping the bridegroom and bride is also passing.
Then, what is the remaining era? It is the era of worshipping parents. An era in which parents can be established more completely must surely appear. Therefore, we must now form a relationship between our bodies and God. Each one of us must enter a position of becoming one with Jesus and live an intuitive life, observing all these subtle natural phenomena of today and not deviating from the connection of God's life.
We must form a relationship with all things, such as the shining sun and the blowing wind, on behalf of the eternal pulse of God's life.
Although we have felt nothing until now, if we center on Jesus, we can feel new things and form a new relationship of heart with all things. We can also form a relationship centered on God's principle of ownership.
After that, I can enjoy all things and at the same time be drawn into the realm of God's love, and I come to live a life where that love can be drawn into my heart.

014108

Let Us Be People Who Repay Their Debts

When you enter this position of deep grace and stand before Heaven, you can whisper with any of the things of creation.
There is no being among the sound of the wind or any other existing things of creation that does not have a relationship with human beings. Therefore, all things, which were created for human beings, can be seen as existing to express the value of their relationship with human beings before them and to be recognized by them.
To Repay the Debt to All Things
However, because we are in the realm of the fall today, we are in a position where we do not know how to recognize the value of all things. Therefore, you must realize that when you feel the new love coming from God today, all things can also feel new life, and you must live a life where you can establish the highest standard of life by holding onto any of the things of creation. Even by yourselves, you must know how to sing of Heaven's infinite love. If we become such people, we will have hearts that are not bound.
In that way, because all things can be in harmony because of us, I myself can be at peace wherever I stay. No power can block this. God established this one standard as the purpose of creation, established human beings as the representatives to fulfill that purpose, and had human beings rule over all things, but today human beings are in a position where they cannot save face before all things. Therefore, we stand today in a position of unspeakable lamentation before all things.
That is why, as it says in Romans 8, what all creation eagerly awaits is the appearance of the sons and daughters of God. This is because the ideal of all things, which were supposed to be connected to God with human beings who represent God's original love as mediators, was lost because human beings became corrupt and fell. Therefore, we must know that even today, 2,000 years after Jesus came and went, all things are eagerly waiting for their purpose for them to be fulfilled in us, human beings.

014109

When we think about this, we can see that we are indebted to all things without even knowing it ourselves. We are indebted for the hope that all things demand.
Now, I myself must settle this debt of hope. I must become a qualified person who can become one with all things, and at the same time, I must become a son or daughter of God whom all things can love and for whom all things can live. Furthermore, we are the ones who must become sons and daughters of God and receive God's love.
Those Qualified to Repay the Debt of Love
Jesus and the Holy Spirit are working today to give you new birth. Thus, human beings receive the elements of Jesus and the Holy Spirit and are heading toward a certain standard, passing through the position of children and heading toward the standard of the position of bridegroom and bride. Today, we believe in Jesus, receive grace, are moved by the Holy Spirit, and are moving forward relying on those powers.
But what is it that must be accomplished in me today? Even if there is no grace from Jesus, even if there is no inspiration from the Holy Spirit, I myself, instead of receiving the grace of Jesus and the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, must be perfected as a bridal body.
This is not being realized in Christianity today. Even we today feel the love of a bride only when the Holy Spirit works. Now that we have grown as children through the work of the Holy Spirit, we must know how to long for Jesus as our bridegroom even without receiving the work of the Holy Spirit. If it must continue to be accomplished with the help of the Holy Spirit, you will have no way to repay the debt of love between husband and wife on earth.
Therefore, you must know that only when I, as an individual, go to the position of a bride who knows how to attend Jesus as the bridegroom without receiving the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, can I become a qualified person to repay the debt of love of the couple, the couple that was established in the original position before the heavenly law.
After the fallen human beings are restored to the position of bridegroom and bride through the providence of restoration, passing through the position of children from all things, what should they do? Next, because we have not formed a relationship with the love of the True Parents who have taken responsibility for our lives and loved us, we must pay by indemnity the debt of love of the True Parents whom God established with the will of creation. You must repay, with your spirit and body combined, the debt of heavenly love in which the True Parents established by God care for your entire life.
In other words, after we are restored as bridegroom and bride through Jesus Christ, passing through the position of children from all things, what should we look for? We must find the True Parents. However, all of humanity in the world today does not know this. For the sake of the fallen parents, they must find the unfallen True Parents, but they do not know when these True Parents will appear. The True Parents appear at the time of the Second Advent.
When the Debt to True Parents Must Be Repaid
In Christianity, they say they will hold the marriage supper of the Lamb through the ideal of the bridegroom and bride. Then, what kind of people are the bridegroom and bride who are the central beings of this marriage supper of the Lamb? They are people who have formed a relationship with the love of the True Parents on earth.
Then, what must I know in order to attend the True Parents and receive their love? I must know the 2,000-year providential history of Jesus Christ until now.
Jesus Christ came to this earth on behalf of the whole universe and humankind and has been carrying out the work to pay by indemnity the debt that humankind has shouldered until now. Therefore, after you have passed through this position of all things, the position of children, and the position of bridegroom and bride, you must face a time when you can attend the True Parents centering on Jesus. Thus, only when the mission of attending the True Parents is completed can the love of the True Parents, who are in the place of the eternal God, appear on earth, and at that time, the mission of Jesus will finally end. Jesus hoped that the purpose of the providence of restoration in the spiritual world would be substantially fulfilled among all things on this earth. Therefore, if the saints who believe in the resurrected Jesus today do not greet on this earth a day when they can repay the debt of the bridegroom and bride that Jesus had to repay, and at the same time, fulfill the purpose of the True Parents that Jesus had to accomplish on earth, and offer a prayer of restoration to God on behalf of all people, we have no way to repay the eternal debt of God's love.
For this reason, Jesus was also in the position of a debtor for 2,000 years. This was because the responsibility remained to repay, on behalf of all people, this debt incurred by not being able to completely fulfill the will of the True Parents. However, that responsibility does not end with spiritual responsibility. The purpose of the 2,000-year historical course of Jesus Christ is concluded only when a family is formed in place of the True Parents, who can sing and worship the love of the eternal God amidst all things in the universe, centering on the eternal life of God, by restoring the position of the original Adam and Eve who had not fallen, combining spirit and body.
In the hope of fulfilling this one purpose, Jesus has prayed to God for 2,000 years with an earnest heart. Thus, he tried to complete the first standard by which the original world of God, who created heaven, earth, and all things, could be found.
If they had not fallen, they could have formed a relationship with their spouse, children, and all things, with the love of the True Parents as the origin. However, because human beings fell, God is carrying out the providence of pulling them up in reverse. In this way, the world where all things, children, and couples form a relationship, and centering on Jesus who appeared as the True Parents, and centering on the standard of the bridegroom and bride, all the myriad creations can respond to the words of the True Parents and appear before God, is the eternal world (無窮世) spoken of in Christianity.
Now, we who are in the time of the history of the Second Advent must take on all of Jesus' 2,000 years of toil. We must have the determination that I can take the place of the entire history of Jesus' toil for 2,000 years. Only when you have this determination can you stand in the position of a child who has repaid the debt of love owed to the True Parents. And you can become a central being who governs all things in place of God. If that happens, through you, the will of Heaven, who blessed Adam and Eve after creating them in the Garden of Eden, will be completed.
Also, you must repay the debt owed from the True Parents, centering on God's love,

014112

Let Us Be People Who Repay Their Debts
When you come to face God after repaying the debt of True Parents and the debt of the true creation,
your minds and bodies will become such that you cannot but go before God. You must become people who cannot but offer gratitude and worship to God. You must become people who can act before thinking and who can manifest the purpose before being asked.

To Repay the Debt to God

What must be done to achieve this? The fortune of heaven and earth revolves from heaven to parents, from parents to husband and wife, and from husband and wife to all things. Therefore, you must become beings who can form a relationship with all these stages. Only when you become such beings can you stand before God and call out, “God!” To stand in such a position is the world of the direct dominion. We must advance to the position where we can appear in such a place and face God.

To do so, we must take over what Jesus fought for in the spirit world and the Holy Spirit fought for on earth for 2,000 years, and by repaying the debt incurred until now, we can stand in the position of representing True Parents, deal with all things, and fight and win against Satan on this earth.

When you become such people, you can at the same time resolve the sorrowful heart of the eternal God, who has been worried and lamenting while carrying out the providence of restoration for fallen humanity. At the same time, you will stand in a position where you can be testified to by Satan, “This is a person who can receive God’s love.” You must know that the love of the eternal God is with you through the appearance of such a creative being.

Therefore, we have a momentous mission. Through your life of faith today, you must repay the debt in all the surrounding environments that have affected you. You must repay it. Therefore, you must examine yourselves to see if you are living a life of repaying the debt in your daily lives.

113

In your life of faith today, you are also connected to the debt of the eternal God, the debt of parents, the debt of husband and wife, and the debt of all things. You are connected to the age when all these debts can be paid off, so you must think about what kind of heart you should have.

Immediately after the fall, we were human beings who could not stand before God and could not face God. If God wanted to resent human beings, He could have resented them endlessly. If He wanted to lament and hate, He could have lamented and hated endlessly. In this way, we have not only the debt of the fall but also the debt of all the resentment in the course of history.

Where Is the Reason We Must Endure?

Where is the reason we must endure and endure today? It is because if we cannot endure, we cannot repay the debt we have incurred, and we cannot resolve the resentment that heaven has held and endured.

The fortune of heaven and earth revolves with God’s providence, so if you know how to be angry when God is angry and take God’s side in His indignation and wrath, the satanic world will be judged. All the teachings that tell us who are on the path of faith today to be gentle and humble, not to be angry, and to endure and persevere are for that reason.

Therefore, if we cannot keep pace with it and a gap is created between us and God’s providence, Satan will enter. That is why we who believe today must unconditionally sacrifice, unconditionally obey, and follow only the internal part of love.

We human beings, as the destroyers who have ruined God’s universal law of heaven, and as debtors, have lived a shameful life before all things and have lived a life that has caused worry to heaven. Therefore, a couple living a life of faith must become a couple who can represent the Lord. Furthermore, we must form a relationship in which we can serve God and Jesus as parents in our lifetime, representing them and the earth.

114

Let Us Become Those Who Repay the Debt

By forming such a relationship, we must achieve a relationship in which we can face True Parents, the true couple, and the true creation on behalf of heaven, both horizontally and vertically. By doing so, we must become beings who can say before God, “I have finally triumphed. Abba, Father! I have offered my life and have overcome all the relationships in which humanity has followed Satan instead of God for 6,000 years and has been tested unspeakably by Satan. And I am a completed child who has repaid all the debts of the universe and has completely subjugated Satan.”

You must know that only by doing so can we, as those who have repaid the debt of the heavenly law that remains with us, save face before heaven and the entire universe.

<Prayer> Father! We did not know that while living in the fallen world, we were living the life of debtors to all things, and that even between husband and wife in the family, we were in the position of being debtors to each other. We did not know that we were in the position of debtors when we faced our parents, and we did not know that we were indebted to the eternal God in an unspeakably great way.

Even from the standpoint of the fallen world, we were debtors who deserved to die, and we were indebted to all things, and we were indebted to Jesus Christ, who established the ideal of the bridegroom and bride. We were the ones who had to repay the debt on behalf of the eternal God’s love, but we did not know how to repay the debt we had incurred, and we worried and lamented centering on ourselves, cursed the earth, cursed all things, and cursed heaven. We were not acceptable in any part.

To re-establish such human beings, Jesus fought without regard for the path of death and was crucified. As a result, the 2,000-year battle to repay the debt tied to the heavenly law has not yet been concluded, and the noun “judgment” remains.

Father! Please allow us to cross the hill of judgment and to settle all the debts incurred in the distorted course of history until now. Please allow us to know that only when we become those who can have something left over after repaying all the debts can we stand before the eternal Father.

115

Please quickly lead us to a life where we can repay the debt of True Parents, the debt of the true couple, and the debt of the true creation, and be free from the conditions of the satanic world, and repay the debt for Your love and the debt for the life You desire. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.

Father, please allow us to realize that Jesus has been toiling for this one path until now. Jesus and the Holy Spirit are praying infinitely for all people in the spirit world, and please do not let us forget that this is because we have not yet paid off the debt we have incurred before the heavenly law, and also because we are so incomplete and inadequate.

Father, we have now realized that for Jesus and the Holy Spirit to stand in the position of glory where the Father can be pleased, we must take on the responsibility of Jesus. Please allow the history in heaven to be accomplished on earth, and the battle with Satan in heaven to be led to victory through us on earth. And please allow us to become Your eternal children who feel the love of the eternal Father with joy and glory. We earnestly ask and desire this.

And so, beloved Father, we earnestly ask and desire that You establish us as Your beloved children who are not ashamed before the Father, before Jesus and the Holy Spirit, before the many prophets and saints, before humanity on earth, and before all things, and as Your true sons and daughters who can righteously have dominion over all things.

Father, we earnestly pray that You will take charge of them and lead them so that they can repay the debt they have incurred. We have prayed all these words in the name of the Lord. Amen. *

8)

Let Us Find and Offer God’s World of Dominion

Matthew 22:15-22

<Prayer (I)> Beloved Father, these pitiful people have come in longing for Your bosom. Please take charge of our bodies and minds entirely. Please take charge of our whole being. Please allow us to know that our minds and bodies are minds and bodies that the Father can be pleased with. Please allow this to be a time when we are immersed in the grace of being able to sing of the Father’s glory and the Father’s righteousness.

Beloved Father! Please have mercy on the children who have gathered because they long for the Father. If they do not have the Father, they are the most pitiful of the pitiful and the loneliest of the lonely. Father! Please take charge of all of them. We earnestly hope and desire, beloved Father, that You will work at this time as the protagonist who can satisfy them with their hopes.

At this one hour, we have gathered our scattered hearts and bowed down before Your holy image to offer a gift. Please remove all elements that You do not permit from the beginning to the end, and leave only the elements that can be in harmony. Please create the atmosphere of the whole and move our hearts, beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire.

We know that there will be many groups gathering to ask for blessings on this day, Father. Please work with the same grace of the Holy Trinity wherever they gather. Wherever they gather to fulfill the overall mission entrusted to them in the last days, please allow the time to come quickly to this people when everyone who praises Your glory can receive the same grace, beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire.

117

On this day, lonely family members are gathering in various places, building altars that others do not know about, and offering worship. Please appear as the master of all life, and please appear as the spirit of resurrection for all. Please do not let the history of their life and the history of their resurrection cease on earth, and please allow only the glory of being able to return that joy to heaven in harmony with the tens of thousands of saints in heaven and all of creation to fill this place, beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire.

Please do not allow this to be a time when Satan can invade from the beginning to the end, and we earnestly ask that the victorious and glorious Father will protect us. We have prayed in the name of the beloved Lord. Amen.

<Prayer (II)> Beloved Father! The brothers and sisters who have nothing have come before the Father’s knees. Please do not let the emotions they feel be emotions centered on themselves.

Please discern so that they do not have anything precious centered on themselves without being for the sake of heaven and the Father. Please allow the whole to be offered as a sacrifice for the will of God’s providence.

We are pitiful ones whose minds and bodies belong to the dark shadows, Father! Please look upon us with mercy. We are stretching out our weak and powerless hands toward heaven, Father! Please extend Your hand of mercy and hold us. The figures that were being dragged before Satan are stretching out both arms toward heaven and crying out, Father, please embrace us.

Even though we live on this harsh earth where Satan has dominion, please establish us as children who can be heaven’s shield with the eternal heart of God, as warriors of battle, and as heaven’s pride. Beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.

Father, Your beloved children have just gathered. Although the dispositions of these gathered children may appear in various forms, they are figures who have an earnest heart to resemble the Father’s heart, so please receive them with one heart. And so, please allow them to obey Your commands and orders and to testify to the heart of heaven.

At this time, the children whom the Father has called have gathered. Please guide them so that they can fight against the enemy Satan, who is spread throughout the world, and so that they will not be lacking in blocking the onrushing tribulations with the shield of victory. Let them stand in the position of giving rather than the position of taking, and allow the value of each one to be revealed and become the Father’s glory. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.

Father, Your beloved children are weary from difficulties and engulfed in tribulations. If You do not hold them now, there will be no one in the world more pitiful than them. In every step they take, in every environment they dwell in, tests, tribulations, and sorrows lie before them. Please watch over them and protect them.

We have been able to fight because the Father has toiled with us and worried with us until today. They are receiving the Father’s suffering and shedding the Father’s tears, so Father, please protect them forever. On the hill of victory in the end, with the joy of victory, on behalf of all creation, Hallelujah, Hosanna
Please protect us until the day we can return glory to the Father and offer our gratitude and worship.
Please remove all incorrect consciousness and concepts as I try to convey the words you have permitted at this time, and allow the moving history of the overall re-creation that the Father commands to appear, and allow the history of harmony to appear.
Thus, allow this to be a time when our bodies and minds are immersed in the Father's love, so that we cannot but be moved, cannot but offer worship, cannot but surrender, and cannot but repent. Please allow this to be a time when we can receive Heavenly Father's heart as it is. I have prayed in the name of the beloved Lord, earnestly hoping for this. Amen.
<Sermon> The title of the message I would like to give at this time, centering on the Bible passage that was read,

is "Let Us Restore God's Dominion." I will speak for a short while on this topic.
Finding God, the Lord of Dominion
All things of creation that God made in six days have remained in a sad and difficult position, not yet having been able to attend God as the Lord of dominion. This remains as a destiny that we must absolutely resolve in the course of restoration. Therefore, if we as individuals wish to stand as offerings who can make a pledge before Heaven and be victorious, we must complete the restoration of the dominion that God desires. If we cannot do so, we can by no means stand as offerings of victory. The reason such a course lies before human beings is that after the fall, a world of Satan's dominion, which no one wanted, came into being.
God, who created all things of creation to experience joy through Adam and Eve, lost everything He had created due to their fall. He lost Adam and Eve, and He lost all things. And Satan, who was never even considered, has been dominating all things, taking the position of God the Creator. This is God's sorrow, and it remains as the sorrow of the conscientious people and saints who, in the course of the history of restoration until now, have been praying to Heaven to resemble God's heart.
If you were to set up a created being and ask what its wish is, how would that created being answer? It would reply, "The wish of any existing being is to find God, the Lord of dominion." God Himself knows well that what all things in the universe are seeking is God, the true Lord of dominion, but He is in a position where He cannot directly dominate these things, even if He wants to. You must know that this is Heaven's sorrow.
Now, what is the hope that we human beings today, as one of the created beings who have lost God, the Lord of dominion, desire with our bodies and minds? It is for God the Creator, who used to have dominion as all of creation hoped and idealized, to directly

Let Us Restore God's Dominion

dominate us once again.
Today, we have the mission to fulfill this hope and will, and we are receiving the calling to accomplish that work. Therefore, we must restore God's dominion, and along with it, we must also restore our dominion as the owners of all things. And we must return the glory of gratitude for the grace of God's dominion. You must know that this responsibility lies not with all things, nor with the heavenly hosts and angels, but with us, who may seem like nothing today.
Therefore, if we fail to fulfill our responsibility even once, we lose the dominion of the entire Heaven, and if we lose the original Heaven, we lose all the hopes of all things. For that reason, if we fail to fulfill the responsibility on behalf of that historical destiny through our lives and through our life, we will not be able to stand before God, nor can we appear before all things as the lords of creation.
And now, you must know that the course that I, as an individual, created as the center of the entire created world and as the center of the internal world with God's creativity, must walk is not one that remains in my individual self of today.
If, in your life of living for the sake of the heavenly law, you live a life thinking only of yourself, God's creative dominion will be cut off because of you. You must know that the hope of all things that desire you to have dominion over them will also be cut off.
Therefore, you as an individual must now reveal the value of representing the position where Heaven dominates the whole and representing the Lord of dominion over all things. Thus, you must be able to say with your own mouth, "I have fulfilled the will of being established as the one being You seek, the original Lord of dominion who represents the whole. Therefore, God, please give the command." The one being who can stand in such a position is the being that God has been seeking and desiring while providentially working for 6,000 years. Therefore, it is our collective duty to fight against hardship and adversity in God's 6,000-year history of the providence, defeat the enemy Satan, and restore human beings.

When we think about the authority of dominion that we, as individuals representing the whole, must find, what specifically must we find today?
Human beings lost God, who has dominion over the whole, due to the fall. They lost God, who has dominion over the whole and is the origin of the whole. Therefore, what we as individuals must find today is God, who created the heavens, the earth, and all things. Thus, you must become people who possess God's dominion as your own.
The Result of Losing God
Then, what is our sorrow today? What is our sadness, and what is our lamentation? What was the earnest wish hidden in the course of the 6,000-year history of restoration until now? It was for me, for all people, for the entire universe, and for heaven and earth to find the God we had lost. God is the substance of the hope we must find and the substance of glory representing the value of the whole. Therefore, for you to restore God's overall dominion today, you must be able to possess God within yourselves. You must become people who can receive God.
Then, what kind of being is that God? You must know that He is the God who created the myriad things of the universe, and He is the God who has been toiling for restoration in order to exercise overall dominion over all things. Therefore, if you now possess God, since that God is your God, if He is eternal, you also become eternal, and if He has dominion over the entire created world, you yourselves will also stand in a God-like position with a substantial body and be able to have dominion over all things. If you cannot find and establish yourselves as such beings, you cannot say that you possess God.
All the sorrow and death on this earth today are, in fact, due to having lost God. And because of losing God, Satan came to act as the master. When viewed from the perspective of the original principle of creation, human beings were created beings who were supposed to attend God as their one master, but due to the fall, they came to have Satan as their master instead of God.
Now, the destined responsibility to repossess the God of love remains with you, but who is it that blocks that path? In this created world, who is it that opposes the will to attend God as the one protagonist? It is Satan, who makes you harbor sin today.
Therefore, if you do not uproot the source of sin that has penetrated your hearts and, on behalf of all people, subjugate Satan, who has been fighting against Heaven for 6,000 years until today, and establish God's world, you cannot exercise God's dominion on this earth.
Then, you are seeking freedom in your minds, but what kind of freedom are you seeking? If you do not find God, you become servants of Satan. Therefore, if you possess Satan instead of possessing God, you become traitors who oppose the heavenly principle. You must know this.
To Possess God
Then, what is the reason God taught the laws of the heavenly way? It was to teach the method to find God, the method to know God. And the course He has been leading the providence to teach that method has been the 6,000-year historical course.
Today, through faith, you know the fact that God is real, and all our members know well that God's original nature is manifested as the central character of all created things. However, that God whom you know must become yours. You must form a relationship with God that can never be severed, no matter how much you try.
If you do so, whether you run to the east or to the west, to the north or to the south, or whatever course you may be in, as long as God does not change, your right of ownership over God will not change. If you cannot stand in such a position, God's demand and hope for you will remain incomplete until then, and you will be in an unprepared state. You must know that if that happens, a condition for Satan to accuse you will remain, and God's sorrow will remain.
What is the work that we human beings, who are in this position, must do today? First, we must escape Satan's accusation. Thus, you must greet the day when you can be testified to, just like Jesus, as "You are truly a son of God, you are qualified to possess God, and you are a son of God who has formed a relationship of oneness with God." If you cannot restore such a day, you must know that you cannot stand before God, who has dominion over all created things, as the protagonists of all things.
By falling, human beings lost God, and at the same time, what did they lose? They lost the original mind of creation. And when I analyze myself, I lost God and, at the same time, I lost the original mind. What you must rely on is your mind. If you cannot control your own mind as you wish, you cannot possess God, and God cannot form a relationship with you.
When your mind establishes an eternal give and take with God, you can possess God, and God will have dominion over your mind as He wishes. Therefore, just as the minds of God and Jesus became one, you today must enter into a position of oneness with the mind of Jesus and stand in a position where you have formed a relationship of oneness with God's mind. If you cannot stand in such a position, a condition for Satan's accusation will remain in your mind.
Originally, human beings were supposed to stand in the position of a second God by living according to the purpose their minds desired within the will that God required, thereby representing God's overall ideal. However, by losing the mind of such a nature due to the fall, human beings today have been left with the condition of having to find this mind of nature while feeling sorrowful, the condition of having to walk a sad course of destiny.
Therefore, we must purify our minds through Jesus Christ. Thus, although our minds are captured by sorrow, when we face the heavenly law, we must raise a new mind and establish a mind of nature that can break through the darkness. By doing so, we must find and establish a form of mind that can connect with the heart of God in heaven and even form a relationship with the minds of human beings engulfed in the realm of death, and raise them up. If you cannot become such people, you must at least repent, knowing that you do not have a mind that God can possess eternally.
In offering our whole heart to God, we should not live a life of offering devotion only at a specific time or season. Just as God is unchanging, you must establish an unchanging heart toward Heaven in the course of your own life; that is, you must establish a foundation of mind that cannot be invaded by any condition of Satan. From now on, that must be established as an unchanging system, and it must become the fundamental principle for advancing toward the path of the heavenly law.
You must know that if you do not possess a mind that God can be proud of, God cannot place you in a position where He can feel pity for you.
Jesus, Who Possessed God
Now, when human beings find this original mind and restore the dominion of the whole,
the authority to command any existing being in the universe through the action of that mind
will be established, but no one has yet perfected this subjectivity of the mind.
Also, human beings still remain in a sorrowful position, unable to establish a systematic
authority and act in God's place according to His will. This means
that as long as human beings remain in that state, a stage for Satan to rejoice
is left behind. And it remains as a condition for God to dwell in sorrow.

125

You must know this.
The principle of heaven and earth is that unless two unite, the principle of becoming one, or a new
thing, cannot be created.
Then what was the desire that God wanted to fulfill through Jesus Christ, whom He prepared and sent for 4,000 years?
Because no one had possessed the lost God throughout the 4,000-year course of history,
He hoped that human beings could possess the lost God through him.
Therefore, the one who was established as the one who was perfected as the one who possessed God
was Jesus. Also, in the human world,
the one who was sent as a being who had the form that represented the minds of human beings and the external part of God's heart,
a being who could have dominion over all things in the invisible world of the spirit world and the substantial visible world,
was Jesus.
2,000 years have passed since Jesus came and went, and now what is it that any people,
any race, any individual must have as a condition of glory?
It is to possess God. You must know that the appearance of such a person
is the desire that Jesus hoped for, and the demand of God who sent Jesus.
Jesus came to this earth and possessed God, and furthermore, his mind
established a reciprocal base with human beings, so his body represented God's body.
Jesus, who appeared having established the standard of being able to possess God's mind and all things,
because his body appeared with the original ownership, the day he
appeared was God's day, representing the heavenly law.
Then what should the saints of today do, who believe in Jesus, know God, and have God's entire
ownership, the unchanging ownership?
Your mind must unite with the standard of value centered on that ownership, and you must reveal the value of the entire ownership centered on the physical body that Jesus Christ
left on the earth to the entire heaven and earth. You must know that the Second Advent ideology of today
is to hope for the day when that can be done.

126

Let Us Find God's World of Dominion

Then what is the mission that the Lord of the Second Advent must do when he comes to this earth? What is the ultimate purpose that Christians of the last days
must achieve? What is the ultimate purpose that Christians of the last days must achieve? No matter how much Christians
have possessed God in their minds, or you have possessed your own minds,
one condition remains, and that is that you have not possessed your body as your own.
Therefore, you must now conclude the ownership of your body and appear as the embodiment of God's love,
the incarnation that can prove God's original nature.
In what age will such a being appear? You must know that Jesus Christ came and went
in order to find and establish such a being.
Restoration of the Body and Restoration of Overall Dominion
For that purpose, the Holy Spirit was sent to this earth after Jesus went.
Therefore, you must now become one with the subjectivity of the mind that Jesus had and God's entire
subjectivity, and appear as one with your own ownership and God's ownership,
so that your body may reveal the value of the Holy Spirit. However,
you must know that the Holy Spirit of value, which is one with the part of Jesus' mind
and God, appeared, although the value of the body was not revealed due to the separation of the spirit.
Therefore, what was the 4,000-year history for? It was to convert the ownership of the mind that human beings could have
from within the conventional sphere to a natural ownership.
This task is not that difficult. However, you must know that the difficulty in the course of the providence
is to perfect it in the body through that recognition and to reveal the value of that recognition as a relative value.
For this work, Jesus himself possessed God and
that mind through his 33-year life, but he has not yet escaped the realm of Satan's accusation in the 2,000-year history.
He has not yet stood in a perfect position where he is not tempted by Satan.
No matter how much it is Jesus, no matter how much it is the Holy Spirit,
Jesus is being accused by Satan in the spirit world, and the Holy Spirit is being accused by Satan in the physical world.

127

This is because a process remains in which human beings have not passed the three-stage standard, which is the principle of creation, in the physical realm,
so Satan has the condition to fight against Jesus to this day,
and you must know that he can present the condition of a fight against God and the Holy Spirit.
Also, you must know that God cannot yet have dominion over our bodies
because Jesus possessed God in the mental aspect through his 30-odd years of life,
but he did not possess God in the physical aspect.
Today, human beings are in a position where they must strike their own bodies in the course of faith.
Then why do they strike their bodies? Striking the body is to eliminate Satan.
Furthermore, by striking this body, who can occupy it?
The Holy Spirit can occupy it. So, our striking the body
is also a condition for the Holy Spirit to occupy the body. Striking my body
consequently becomes striking Satan, so by striking my body,
I strike Satan, and by striking Satan, the Holy Spirit
occupies what Satan had occupied instead. By doing so, one can possess God,
possess the original conscience, and possess the body.
At that time, for the first time, the value of having completed the one eternal and unchanging
ownership representing all things in heaven and earth is regained.
Therefore, if you cannot find such a state, you cannot say that you have struck your own body.
Only when you find it can you establish the overall subjective
standard in the static aspect and receive glory on behalf of God. Also, because there was this
purpose, Jesus has been working until now since he passed away, and there is also the history of the Holy Spirit's labor.
Therefore, the sorrowful 2,000-year providential history of God since Jesus
was to hope for the day when the Holy Spirit could occupy any person with a spirit and a body,
even a person within Satan's realm.
Now, with this content, we must look back at our past. As long as
the authority to possess God remains for you, as long as the ownership that remains for you
exists, the sorrow of the Father who is the Lord of dominion remains.

128

Let Us Find God's World of Dominion

Therefore, when you think that the sorrow brought to God and the created world was caused by you,
you must repent of your sins today.
Repenting of the sins one has committed is to find the value of one's own mind.
You must repent with such value that you can say you have possessed God, who is the Lord of dominion of the whole.
Why You Must Repent of the Sins You Have Committed
And you must know that the saints who have believed until now have lived a life of striking their own bodies,
but it should not be so forever. The purpose of striking the body is
to have the Holy Spirit occupy the body so that the body may receive God's love.
Christians today have forgotten that they have this responsibility.
They have forgotten this for 2,000 years. In the midst of the love of the flesh being disregarded,
the love of the spirit cannot be perfect.
This is because if God and the mind become one, and the mind and the body become one, the body naturally
moves, and it is the heavenly principle that the mind and body develop by completely giving and receiving centered on God.
It is the law of creation that a substantial object is created where a reciprocal standard is established and a give and receive action of giving well and receiving well is achieved by becoming one with each other,
and only then is it perfect.
The reason why God created all things was for God Himself
to be pleased. When one does one's best to achieve the relational work where the human mind and God's mind can become one,
one can become one with God, and furthermore, one has the standard to become one with human beings on earth,
so the providence of heaven is newly unfolded on earth. Therefore, you must know that
even in your own self today, when your mind and body become one and form a relationship with the Holy Spirit,
you can restore God's victorious overall dominion.
Now that I know, there was not just one direction in going toward God's will.
It is front and back, left and right, all four directions. However, today,
human beings only have the direction toward Satan left. So, even if you

129

try to find your mind and body, and even if your body and mind try to have a vertical aspect and a horizontal
aspect, Satan is in all four directions, and furthermore, Satan is setting up a curtain of darkness in the six directions of front and back, left and right, and up and down.
Therefore, you must now break through Satan's curtain and establish your own self,
and be able to reveal to all things the value that God is my eternal
possession, my mind is God's possession, my body is also God's possession, that is me,
and I am that. This one substance that the Trinity in heaven and on
earth is jointly looking for must come out quickly.
Where in this created world would there be such a being of value, a being of value on whom the Holy Spirit can descend,
on whom Jesus can descend, and on whom God can descend?
You must know that that one being is the substance that God has sorrowfully hoped for for 6,000 years,
the substance of the ideal of restoration that He was trying to find.
The Substance That God Has Sorrowfully Sought for 6,000 Years
Therefore, if such a being of value appears on this earth, God
will not allow any imperfect condition for him. Even Satan,
and even God, will hold on to him and shed tears of comfort. Therefore, today,
we must know in what environment our individual self is placed. You
must not ignore your own self, who stands within this overall sphere of responsibility,
and you must be keenly aware of such a great responsibility.
Now, if you can say that you have possessed God with your mind, you will be able to say that you have possessed
your own mind, which can be established as the eternal center.
Also, if you have completed your body as a substance that can create eternal life and
possessed it, it does not matter which direction you go, whether you go east or west, south or
north. Wherever you yourself stay,
the song of victory of Hosanna will ring out. The position where all of creation
can naturally surrender, saying, 'You are truly the son of God who is in glory,'
will unfold. You must know this.

130

Let Us Find God's World of Dominion

And today, such a thing should not appear only in a part, but in the whole.
However, because there has been no being who has concluded all the problems of original
ownership as a human being representing the dominion of the whole, and has appeared before all things with the glory of that value,
becoming such a being remains as your hope.
I am sad, you are sad, and God is sad about human beings in this position.
Today, we, in a position with such value, must return the song of victory of Hosanna to God
with the glory of heaven on behalf of all things, on behalf of the whole.
Only then will the heavenly hosts and angels and all the saints in heaven
have a day of joy, a day of pleasure, and furthermore, we will return
glory to God. If this work is not completed, human beings
will have to go on the path for it for billions of years.
This has not yet been completed. Then because of whom
did it become like this? This is, of course, because I am imperfect and I myself am bad,
but you must know that it became like this because there are Satans who accuse heaven more than me.
If there had been one person who was the owner of the whole, the Lord of dominion of the whole, and if he could have had dominion over the entire universe
through that one person, it would be okay even if he could not complete the restoration of the whole.
He could use the overall power to do new things intensively.
In this way, God tried to lead the entire history to go in one
direction, but because there was Satan, He could not complete that work.
Therefore, in order to unconditionally subjugate Satan and to bestow the grace by which all the multitudes of spirits in the heavenly world who passed away without achieving perfection could advance to the position of perfection, God promised to send one person, and that person was none other than Jesus.

Then, when you think about the fact that you are in the position of having to pursue God's glory, what is it that I must now possess? Originally, heaven's ideal for human beings was to possess the ownership of heaven, the ownership of the mind, and the ownership of the body. Therefore, if you have not been able to advance to that realm of the ideal, you must have eyes that can discern the ownership of evil and the ownership of goodness. Furthermore, if you have such eyes, you must next have ears that can distinguish and hear the ownership of goodness and the ownership of evil. Furthermore, you must have all such five senses.

However, if in your daily life you cannot become a person who can sever and block the accusations of Satan, you will not know the Lord of the Second Advent even when he comes.

A Faith That Knows How to Discern

When you hear of the Lord of the Second Advent, you blink your eyes and are pleased. What is there to be pleased about? The people of Israel, that is, the Pharisees and chief priests, did not see Jesus correctly. The Roman soldiers did not see him, and those who opposed him could not see him even if they wanted to. Only those who had established a standard of value representing the whole, through the communion of their mind and body in their own shimjeong, were able to see Jesus. Seeing and hearing are aspects that depend on a person's own shimjeong.

Therefore, you must now possess the value of righteous goodness before all humankind. However, the body opposes it. This is the essence of Satan. Then, where is the person who possesses God in secret, without revealing it, without others knowing? Where is the person who possesses the original mind without others knowing? God, who is eternal, will be with the person who seeks such a person.

Therefore, if we have not been able to advance to such a position today, we must at least be able to discern the realm of the dominion of evil and the realm of the dominion of goodness. Not only must we be able to discern them with our mind and body, but we must also be able to discern them without deep thought. Thus, if you do not realize the value of heaven, you have no relationship whatsoever with Jesus. Therefore, you must be able to discern all things of Satan. Unless one is a person who can discern all the subjective elements of evil left in heaven and on earth, one cannot establish a victorious, conclusive condition before God.

Let Us Find God's Dominion

If you can establish such a condition, you will have no suffering while living on this earth. This is because, as a person who possesses God, the mind is held by Christ, and the body is held by the Holy Spirit.

Until now, because it was a providential course concerning the world of the mind, the suffering of the body coexisted. The body suffered. The mind and body were divided.

However, now they have united, and the spirit world comes to the physical world, and the physical world goes to the spirit world, and they are working together in cooperation. Furthermore, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit are working together. Therefore, at such a time as this, you must become the very ones who can worship before Jesus, worship before the Holy Spirit, and also worship before God.

Furthermore, in having a faith of personal experience throughout your life, you must establish a standard by which you can boast before all things of creation as an unchanging victor representing eternity, following a course of discerning principles. If you cannot establish such a standard, a condition of sorrow will remain on this earth. Also, as long as a condition of sorrow remains, it is difficult to find God's internal heart even when you go to the heavenly world. Therefore, you must appear as the embodiment of God's glory, as a living being through the mind-like Jesus and the body-like Holy Spirit. Only then will you become the substance of faith.

Therefore, if you have now restored the glorious self that can do that work on behalf of the Trinity without their help, a joyful heart will govern your entire being, just as the laws by which this cosmos operates. Such a life should not be for just a moment but must be eternal. Thus, you must be able to stand proudly before all things as their ruler, saying, "The Father is mine, the Lord is mine, the Holy Spirit is mine, and I am also mine." Furthermore, you must be able to say to heaven, "Oh, Father! Thank you."

In the laws of the fortune of heaven and earth, there are no conflicting beings. Since human beings were established as beings who can represent the entire ideal of the Creator and the dominion of the Creator, as long as they have a mind and body, they cannot exist apart from the relationship between these two. Therefore, you must keep in mind that you can reveal the glory of the Lord only when you form a world of dominion on this earth that can relate to all things in heaven and on earth.

<Prayer> Beloved Father, when we realize that the path of destiny remaining for us is such a series of rugged mountains, a great mountain range, our scope of faith until today has been too narrow. We cannot but confess directly to the Father that we have been following the path of the will in too narrow, too passive, and too incomplete a manner.

Father, from this day and this hour, please allow us to be governed by the Father who leads the entire providence of the heavenly law. Father, please allow us Your compassion so that we may look upon the Father's image. Jesus, please hold us. Holy Spirit, please establish us. As figures who are not lacking to represent all things on earth, my Father, I earnestly hope and desire that You will equip us as original beings who can naturally discern good and evil.

Your children gathered this evening, Father, please allow them to forget the concept of self, and please allow the ownership of Satan to be eliminated from our bodies. Thus, please allow us to be restored as unchanging individual beings for all things, who can possess only God in our hearts, call only upon God, and boast only of God.

Thus, when we return glory to the Father, all things will also be in harmony, and the tens of thousands of saints in heaven will also be in harmony, and when one cry, one shout, "Thank you, thank you, Hallelujah," occurs uniformly over heaven and earth, we know that Satan will naturally surrender. Father, please lead us so that this can happen.

Please allow the Father's entire dominion to be concluded in our bodies, and please allow us, who have been established on behalf of the whole, to sing the triumphant song of Hosanna to the Father. We earnestly hope and desire, Father, that You will allow us to become children of victory and protagonists of testimony on behalf of heaven amidst the harmony of all things in the universe. We have offered all these words in the name of the Lord. Amen. *

(9)

The Responsibility of Those Who Have Become Roots

Genesis 18:22-19:12, Isaiah 6:11-13

<Prayer (I)> Beloved Father! You know the hearts of the children gathered here, so please allow every single cell of their bodies to move toward the Father of compassion.

Please allow their entire bodies and minds to be captured by the hand of love with which You operate. Reveal them as elements of the harmony of the whole, and at this hour, please sanctify them as heavenly warriors who can lay down their lives and run to testify to Your word.

Father, look with compassion upon the gathered multitude of children. We know that a course of restoration of destiny remains, in which we must go up one level by relying on the word of life that You allow. Therefore, beloved Father, extend Your hand of love, hold our insufficient hands, and lead us. We have prostrated ourselves with united body and mind. Father, we earnestly hope and desire that You will hold us, lead us, raise us, and allow us to exchange our hearts for the heart of heaven.

Father, bless the numerous multitude who have attended here today, and please allow the history of God's life, the history of inspiration, and the history of resurrection to appear. We have laid down all our current worldly notions before the Father and have come before the Father's holy presence with the hearts of meek and humble children. Father, please bring about the work of re-creation with Your hand of grace. Please reveal the flames of the Holy Spirit. Reveal the love that was hidden, and allow them to open the gates of the realm of death that were blocked in the last days and reveal the Father's glory of victory. Beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.

We know now that many words are not necessary. Even if the gathered children have not received many words, please allow them to appropriately receive and handle the grace that has been bestowed. Father God, we have promised and resolved at this hour to fulfill the will of the promise that You have allowed, looking toward heaven. If there are empty vessels, please fill them. Please establish them as living children who can be intoxicated by the Father's satisfying grace and give thanks and return glory to the Father. And at this hour, please grant the grace of being found as children whom the Father can love. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.

Please bind the heart of the one who speaks and the hearts of those who receive as one. Let our hearts move with the movement of heaven, and let our bodies also move with the movement of heaven, so that we may follow and resemble the Father's image with our hearts and bodies. We earnestly hope and desire this.

Hoping that You will work with words of compassionate command for the remaining time, we have prayed in the name of the beloved Lord. Amen.

<Prayer (II)> On this day that You have permitted, we have prostrated ourselves to offer worship before the Father. Please look into the individual spirits of those gathered here and raise up hearts without blemish. Please allow the worship offered at this hour to be a worship that can comfort the Father's sorrowful heart, and please allow this to be a time when You can command and entrust to us the will that You are administering. Beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.

Father! It was You who called the children together, and we know that it was Your work that admonished them and caused them to move within the realm of life. Please allow the flames of the Holy Spirit that You promised, so that each person's body and mind may be in harmony and appear as the joy of the whole without any insufficiency. And please allow the entirety of the divinity that the Father requires to be revealed at this hour. Beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.

The Responsibility of Those Who Have Become Roots

Father, pour out Your compassionate love upon the children gathered here, and move them with the work of the Holy Spirit so that their entire hearts may be inclined toward the glory of heaven. Thus, we earnestly hope and desire that You will receive this as a time of worship in which all of us, on behalf of the nation, on behalf of humanity, and on behalf of all creation in heaven and on earth, can open the gate of the most holy place, draw near to the Father, and offer a living sacrifice of victory.

Thus, through our worship, please allow this nation to be established close to the Father, and furthermore, we earnestly hope and desire that You will grant the opportunity for all of humanity to escape from the realm of sin and cross over into the world of the dominion of goodness, which the Father governs.

We know that even at this hour, there are altars scattered in various places, building up devotion before heaven on behalf of the nation. Wherever they may worship toward heaven, please bless them with the same grace, and please announce the entire work that You will proclaim in the last days. Please establish the entire will that the Father must establish through this nation, and by this nation fulfilling its mission of testimony, please establish it as a foothold upon which heaven can rejoice. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.

Now, at this hour, we have offered to the Father our entire bodies and minds, a heart that can worship the Father, and a heart that bows down in obedience. We earnestly hope and desire that You will command to them without reservation all the will that You have promised and will fulfill.

Hoping that the work of the Holy Trinity will be full upon the heads of all, we have prayed in the name of the Lord. Amen.

<Sermon> The title of the sermon I want to give you at this hour is "The Responsibility of Those Who Have Become Roots." If you look at the scripture in Isaiah chapter 6, verse 11 and onward, it is written, "And though a tenth remain in it, it will be burned again, like a terebinth or an oak, whose stump remains when it is felled. The holy seed is its stump." Here, God is repeatedly saying that if there is a remaining root, He will cause a new shoot to sprout from that root and begin a new history.
Adam and Eve, the ancestors of humankind, were to become the one eternally unchanging root of heaven and earth and fulfill the hope and ideal of all people. However, you know well that because of the Fall, that fundamental root was cut down, pulled out, and transplanted into the satanic world.

The Center of God's Providence

Therefore, the central point of God's providence, which has been carried out to this day, has been to find and re-establish the fundamental root that He intended to establish through Adam and Eve—the root that could have been the root of human happiness, the root of the ideal, the root of life, and the root of love in the Garden of Eden.

Therefore, although the many prophets and saints throughout the course of history who upheld the will of the providence did not know the details of the heavenly way, their labor for the will was to lay the foundation to receive the lost root, which had to be fulfilled as the purpose of the providence, as an unchanging substantial being.

Thus, 4,000 years after the beginning of the history of the providence, the one who was established to find and re-establish the root that was lost in the Garden of Eden was none other than Jesus Christ, in whom you believe.

Therefore, the mission of Jesus Christ, who came to this earth, was to become an eternal root that God could take and, based on this root, re-establish on the fallen earth a form like a vineyard that He could manage as He pleased. This was the very purpose for which God sent Jesus Christ to this earth.

You must know that from the start of Heaven's providence until the appearance of Jesus 4,000 years later, there was a path of toil where numerous prophets and saints shed tears of blood centering on the heavenly will.

That is, there was a providential will representing the clan, a providential will on behalf of the nation and state, and the world, and a providential will on behalf of history. You must not forget that until they passed through that one region, if it was a region, or that one environment, if it was an environment, on behalf of the providential will centered on the clan and history, there was a foundation of labor from countless prophets and saints who could become the elements of the root.


014138

The Responsibility of Those Who Became the Root

And the one who was sent as the substantial being to complete the root that could be established as an individual, to complete it as the root that could be established as a nation, and further to complete it as the root that could be established as the world, was Jesus.

What we who believe in Jesus today must know is that the toil of Jesus' thirty-some years of life and all the toil of the 2,000 years of history since his passing were toil on behalf of the world. And you must know the toil of the prophets and saints who, as a hidden root in the background, fought against the enemy, acting on behalf of the difficult turning points of history until Jesus was established before God as one completed root.

Abraham, Who Lived a Life of Hidden Toil

Who was the historical figure in the background who enabled Jesus to be established as such a completed being? It was Abraham.

Abraham was the owner of a hidden character who did not betray Heaven even in a position where he could betray the heavenly will, being captured in the enemy's country within the satanic realm, in an environment where others did not recognize him. In this way, Abraham, who was like a hidden root, did not avoid but overcame all such circumstances, even if the age was evil, history was in turmoil, and the environment was chaotic. Rather, he appealed with a sorrowful heart toward the collapsing Sodom and Gomorrah.

It is the attribute of human beings to want to boast if they have something, no matter how bad or evil it may be. Yet Abraham, while holding the great providential will promised in his heart for a long time to uphold God's will, did not reveal this fact. In hope, solely as one established root, he was one who lived and passed on after a life of hidden toil, enduring and overcoming in the midst of all kinds of persecution and humiliation to lay an unshakable, immovable standard, no matter who touched or tried to pull it out.

In this way, Abraham was a person who had a sorrowful heart, vowing that on the day he established an unchanging foundation of hope for all the people of the earth, and at the same time, to turn even the evil nations back to Heaven, with his own sacrificial life becoming a sown seed, he would hold onto this standard and not change, in addition to establishing his own unchanging standard of hope before Heaven.


014139

The city of Sodom and Gomorrah was a place deserving of the punishment of judgment from God, and it was a region that had no connection or relationship with where Abraham was. However, Abraham was a person who had no concern whether the city of Sodom and Gomorrah knew the will of Heaven or not, or what would happen to that nation. Yet, not only because he had a providential sense of mission before Heaven, but because he felt a responsibility that he could not but bear, he was anxious and worried about the city of Sodom and Gomorrah day and night. The words written here are what express Abraham's internal heart.

Today, as we face the time of the conclusion of the 6,000-year history, the fact that you sleep comfortably, wear good clothes, and eat delicious food is not because you are great. If you think that way, you are in big trouble.

The reason the world is sustained even like this today is because people you do not know are becoming hidden roots in the background and are building altars of tearful appeal. You have a mission to let all people know this fact.

If there had been a group in the city of Sodom and Gomorrah who knew the fact that Abraham's earnest prayer was reaching the heavens and he was in a dialogue with God, and if there had been even a few righteous people among that group who recognized Abraham, Abraham would have earnestly appealed to Heaven and presented a condition to avert the judgment that was to befall Sodom and Gomorrah. If there had been even a few righteous people, no matter how evil the city of Sodom and Gomorrah was, Abraham could have used the fact that there were righteous people there as a condition and appealed to God, saying, "Father, who judges and passes sentence with righteousness, is it not Your will to judge the righteous and the wicked together with fire?"

However, you must know that when he felt that he alone was praying on behalf of Sodom and Gomorrah, Abraham's sorrow was immeasurably great.


014140

The Responsibility of Those Who Became the Root

Then, do you know the reason why Abram became Abraham?

You must not forget the fact that Abraham had a hidden standard of having appealed for his clan, risking his life, rather than looking after his own happiness and his own well-being.

The Reason Abraham Could Become the Father of Faith

The reason Jesus could appear as the fruit of faith was that someone like Abraham was established before the providence of Heaven and played the role of a hidden root that did not appear on earth. In other words, you must know that even if everything else in the course of providential history was broken, because there was someone like Abraham who could prove an eternally unchanging, immutable faith toward the heavens and played the role of the root of faith, Jesus Christ could be born on that foundation.

Rather than the fact itself that Abram (translated as "great father") from an individual position was decided to become Abraham (translated as "father of a multitude of nations"), the father of faith, if he went through a path of great toil that others did not know, we should look at today's history, place ourselves and Abraham in a one-to-one position, compare, and reflect on ourselves. And we must experience Abraham's position.

Just as Abraham built an altar of a hidden root for the city of Sodom and Gomorrah, you yourselves must have the burning heart of Abraham who earnestly appealed and prayed for the region where he lived and its residents. You must never forget that you must inherit the foundation of faith that was established through the course of Abraham's toil, the standard like a hidden root.

The family of Abraham, the father of faith, received the promise of an organ of blessing. This formed a national form through Isaac and Jacob, and through Moses, and was expanded to a worldwide scope through Jesus.


014141

If it had not been for Abraham's loyalty and faith that reached Heaven, a single bond that could connect with Heaven could not have emerged on this earth.

Today, all people try to show off if they have something good. They try to reveal it and boast about it. However, a person who tries to reveal and let others know in this way may fulfill the responsibility of a branch, but cannot fulfill the responsibility of a root.

Do you know what the hidden secret was that enabled Abraham to become the father of faith? It was because his heart of longing for Heaven and his heart for the earth were so extreme that he could have a broad and deep foothold of connection with Heavenly Father and could become the father of faith.

Moses, Who Became the Leader of the Nation

It is the same with Moses. Until Moses himself was established before the nation, there was a period of 40 years of toil in the palace of Pharaoh where he lived as a hidden root. During his stay in the splendid palace of Pharaoh, Moses did not live a life of wearing glorious clothes, eating, and overflowing with joy. During his stay in the palace, there was not a single moment in his life of eating, dressing, and sleeping that he did not worry about the people of Israel.

Among the people of Israel in Egypt, only Moses' loyalty to Heaven remained unchanged, whether his people knew it or not.

While in the bosom of the enemy, as an unchanging core being, Moses pledged and pledged again that he would not change, no matter what environment oppressed him or what there was that blocked his heart toward the will of the heavenly law. Because Moses had this 40-year period of an unchanging heart and devotion toward Heaven, the power of his love for the nation could later explode.

To you, Moses may seem like a man full of vigor, but in fact, that is not the case. Moses' righteous indignation, which led him to strike and kill an Egyptian when he saw an Egyptian and an Israelite fighting, was not something that arose from the shock of that moment.


014142

The Responsibility of Those Who Became the Root

When he saw that scene, the internal heart of sorrow with which Moses had appealed for his people with a sorrowful heart toward Heaven for 40 years exploded. That is, seeing the chosen people of Israel being treated unjustly, an uncontrollable righteous indignation welled up, and he struck and killed the Egyptian. In this way, love for the people of Israel and righteous indignation toward Egypt were the internal causes of Moses' action. And there was a providential will contained in Moses' action.

Moses struck and killed the Egyptian, unable to overcome his anger, from the position of being concerned about and responsible for the fate of the people of Israel. And since that was trivial compared to the sin of the Egyptians persecuting the people of Israel, God established Moses, who was more concerned for the people than anyone else, as the leader of the nation. However, the people of Israel misunderstood Moses and exposed the fact that he had struck and killed the Egyptian. Knowing that his action had been revealed, Moses had no choice but to flee to the wilderness of Midian.

Moses, who lived in the wilderness of Midian, was ashamed of having lived luxuriously in the palace of Pharaoh and forgot all the wealth and glory of the past days when he lived in a free environment where the daughter of Pharaoh could grant all his requests for him. And although he was in the position of an unknown shepherd who wore shepherd's clothes and herded flocks of sheep, he looked at the flocks and longed for the land of Canaan that had been promised to his ancestor Abraham.

He was a Moses who appealed to Heaven with a heartfelt desire that although he was herding flocks of sheep now, someday he would lead his people and enter the land of Canaan, just as he was leading the flocks. Whether he ate or starved, whether he was awake or asleep, with all his heart and soul, Moses worried and prayed for his people, just as Abraham had prayed for the people of Sodom and Gomorrah without their knowledge.

When Moses looked at the people of Israel suffering from hard labor under the persecution and misery of Egypt, he felt a sorrow as if his bones were melting, and he appealed to Heaven, saying, "O Jehovah! Look upon me and have mercy on this people."

Therefore, God established Moses, whose devotion in appeal was so great, as the leader to lead the 600,000 people out of the land of Egypt. And He had Moses, who was living the life of a mere shepherd in the wilderness of Midian, which seemed like nothing to others, inherit the integrity of the hidden root passed down from his ancestors and established him as the representative of the nation.


014143

And He enabled the people of Israel to become one with this Moses and enter the land of Canaan.

The Jewish People Who Did Not Know the Foundation of Moses' Hidden Devotion
When Moses received the promise permitted by Heaven and was about to enter Egypt, he was overcome with joy. However, Moses was by no means satisfied with that joy alone. Although the will he had appealed for before Heaven—to dedicate his life to leading his people to the land of Canaan—was fulfilled and he had pioneered a way for his people to live, he was not satisfied with such joy alone. Instead, he came to have a sense of mission and responsibility to faithfully fulfill a second responsibility from that point on.
From that time, Moses did not act centered on himself, and there was not a single thing, whether small or great, that he carried out without connecting it to God.
In this way, Moses entered the court of the tyrannical Pharaoh and performed more than ten miracles and signs before their gods, leading the people of Israel out into the harsh wilderness. Here, the people of Israel had to become one with Moses. In other words, for the people of Israel who had escaped to a free environment, though it was a harsh wilderness, the heart of Moses had to become their own heart as they journeyed toward the blessed land of Canaan. Their hearts should not have been different from that of Moses, who had rescued them from the court of Pharaoh. However, because they failed to become one with Moses, they went against the heavenly law and were destroyed. So, what was the cause of their destruction?
They did not know of the foundation of hidden devotion that Moses had appealed for before Heaven in the process of becoming the leader of the people. And although Moses had suffered all kinds of difficulties for them from the day he led them out of Egypt, they did not recognize his toil and hardship. Therefore, they and Moses were divided in the wilderness, and in the end, they met their fate of perishing in the wilderness.

Responsibilities of Those Who Have Become Roots

This historical fact of the Israelites' disbelief in Moses is reappearing today among the saints of the last days.
Saints of the Last Days Who Must Awaken
Although Jesus Christ came to this earth and toiled for all humanity for some thirty years, and for two thousand years since his passing has sought out human beings and worked through love and grace, people are not truly attending him in their daily lives.
And a fearful thing, like the fact that Moses could not completely uphold God's will to lead the people of Israel to the land of Canaan because of their disbelief, may also happen to the saints of the last days. When faced with the fact that he and the people of Israel could not become one, Moses, before rebuking the unbelieving people, appealed to Heaven about his own shortcomings. That is, he went up on Mount Sinai and, while fasting and praying for forty days, he appealed, saying, "Father, why is it that this people cannot enter the land you have permitted, even though it is before their eyes? Whose responsibility is it? The responsibility is mine. It is because I have failed in my responsibility. Therefore, please take me as a sacrifice and block the path of this people's destruction." You must know that there was this period of Moses' hidden devotion.
If the people of Israel had known that Moses' fasting with a sorrowful heart unknown to others was not for himself but for them, they would not have engaged in the faithless act of making and worshiping a golden calf during Moses' forty-day fast. Also, if they had sympathized with Moses' heart and worried about his toil when he was about to be offered before Heaven as a hidden sacrifice on behalf of the people's blessing, and if they could have shed tears with Moses on Mount Sinai and appealed to Heaven, they would not have left God's bosom.
Just as Moses walked a lonely path representing the people by himself, Jesus also walked such a path. That is, Jesus Christ, who was established as the center of the world through the historical sacrifice of Abraham and the course of Moses' sacrifice representing the people, had to single-handedly block all of Satan's conditions for accusation on behalf of all humanity and lay the foundation of victorious indemnity, just as Abraham had blocked Satan's conditions for accusation representing the family and Moses had blocked them representing the people.
Jesus, the Center of Victory and the Savior of All People
You must know that Jesus had this responsibility. Therefore, until he achieved victory on a worldwide level and established an unchanging foundation, Jesus' own person could not end with just his own person. Therefore, Jesus was more faithful than any central figure of faith who had been loyal to Heaven in the four-thousand-year course of history, and he sacrificed his own person for the sake of the whole.
In this way, through his thirty-some years of life, Jesus formed a central form on behalf of the whole in his field of mission, which no one in history had ever established. You must know that if he had not become such a central figure, Jesus could not have become the vanguard who took responsibility for the worldwide providence.
Today, believing saints believe that Jesus is the one who bore the cross of his time, but you must not believe in such a Jesus alone. Before Jesus' death on the cross, there was the altar of Abraham's toil, and there was also the course of Moses' sacrificial toil. And Jesus, feeling the suffering of the people and all humanity in their hardship and misery, not only appealed to Heaven, saying, "Please lay the burden of their suffering on me and grant them the eternal ideal they desire," but he also could not live a single day in comfort in order to actually take responsibility for their suffering.
In this way, because Jesus was concerned even for those in the bosom of the enemy and lived from the standpoint of taking responsibility for the will of the whole rather than his own joy, he was established as the central being who was victorious in the fight against the satanic world and as the savior of all people.
Then, what must we, the believing saints who are in the last days, realize?
We must reflect on the fact that until now, we have not lived a life of shedding tears, worrying, and praying for the wicked.

Responsibilities of Those Who Have Become Roots

The more people there are who must be judged in the last days, the more we must pray for them. And we must not forget that there is a Jesus who worries and prays for us. If we forget and disbelieve in such a Jesus, we will not be able to escape the judgment of the last days.
Saints of the Last Days Who Must Fulfill the Mission of the Root
If the people of Sodom and Gomorrah in the old days had accepted God's warning of judgment, which was foretold through Abraham and Lot, and had reflected on and repented of their evil deeds, they might have been able to escape judgment. Since historical facts teach us what will happen in the future in a demonstrative way, we too, who are in the last days today, must reflect on and repent of our past lives. Therefore, we must clearly know the fact that just as Moses went up on Mount Sinai and prayed for the unbelieving Jewish people, Jesus is also praying for us at this very hour on the spiritual Mount Sinai.
The heart with which Jesus has been praying for humanity while on the heavenly throne for two thousand years was more than the sorrowful heart with which Moses held onto the unbelieving Jewish people and prayed on Mount Sinai. Therefore, you who are on earth must know this and live according to Jesus' will. In the old days, Abraham prayed to God to spare Sodom and Gomorrah from judgment if there were ten righteous people, but because there were not ten righteous people in Sodom and Gomorrah, they suffered God's judgment.
Therefore, just as Jesus has been in heaven since his death on the cross until today, praying for humanity, and just as Moses prayed on the summit of Mount Sinai, you must experience that sorrowful heart and, in this age, hold on to it and worry and pray in Jesus' stead. And you must not forget to be awake, pray, and seek with devotion, asking where the one whom Heaven has established, who can stand in for Jesus' worldwide will and for the prophets and sages of history, is. If there is not even one person left on this earth in the last days as a root, then just as the people of Israel fell in the wilderness, this land where we live will not be able to escape a fearful judgment when it faces the worldwide end times.
If so, what should we do today? Because you are beings like a hidden bush, you must become beings who respond to the desire of the ancestors who have come through the historical course with the spirit of Christ and have longed for a single central root. And you must become people who can fully feel the heart of Jesus Christ, who has toiled for two thousand years as if it were a single day, looking forward to the one day of the Second Coming. This is the problem. Therefore, you must now place yourselves in a relative position to the historical central figures and examine and analyze yourselves. That is, you must place yourselves in the relative position of Abraham, Moses, and Jesus and analyze whether you have become a self that can say that their heart is your heart, their desire is your desire, and their resentment is your resentment.
Now we must know how to build high the altar of appeal, standing before Heaven with empty hands and negotiating. We must know the heart with which Abraham appealed to Heaven for Sodom and Gomorrah. Abraham's prayer for Sodom and Gomorrah was not for his own sons and daughters or his nephew Lot. However, because Abraham forgot everything and built an altar of hidden devotion, Lot, who was related to Abraham, was able to escape judgment.
Today, those who claim to believe pray, "Please fulfill my will." We must not pray such prayers. Rather, we must pray, "Let God's will be done, rather than my will." When Heaven's will is done, the will that I had longed for is also done. Therefore, we must not pray, "Please fulfill my will." We must now, with all our devotion, say, "Abba, Father, since you have established me, since you have called me, please fulfill the Father's will through this little one."
Then, what you must know now is that the inheritance you have received is not the inheritance of your generation alone, but an inheritance that has come down through Abraham, Moses, and Jesus.

You who live in this age must stand in for all the tribes since Moses, and you must fulfill the will that Heaven demands on behalf of the tribes that Jesus needed. Thus, you must know that even if this land is evil, even if this land is dark, even if this land is perishing, you must become the hidden roots that Heaven has established.
What Heaven Demands of Us in This Age
At this time today, Heaven is demanding that we fulfill the mission of religion based on our individual faith. What is that demand? It is whether we have fulfilled our responsibility as Abraham did. And then, just as Moses strove with a sorrowful heart for the people of Israel, it is whether you, when the thirty million people of Korea were in misery, grieved and strove with all your will and heart like Moses. And they will ask if you have toiled in Jesus' stead for all people with the same will and heart as Jesus did when he toiled to save all people from the beginning of creation until now.
Then, when you are asked in return whether you have lived a life like that of Abraham, Moses, and Jesus, you must become people who can say, "Yes. Do you not know us? The hidden root is not only in us, but also in God."
When you become such people, the will of Abraham, who established the integrity of faith through his own person, will bear fruit through you; the will that Moses pleaded for through the people will be resolved through you; and all the elements of sorrow that Jesus embraced for the world will be resolved through you.
If there is such a person on this earth, the sorrowful heart of Abraham in his time, the sorrowful heart of Moses in his time, and the sorrowful heart that Jesus has had until now will be relieved. Therefore, if there is such a person, you must attend him with all your devotion. You must know that if there is no such person, you must become such a person, and if there is such a person, you must know how to exalt and attend him in place of Abraham, in place of Moses, and in place of Jesus. Thus, you should say, "Please pray more for the people. Please be more active." Furthermore, even if you cannot become a sacrifice to be offered before Heaven, you should at least become a person who builds an altar.
Therefore, today you must call out to God, saying, "Father!" Thus, if you do not truly feel that Father who has not been able to act as the master in the course of history from the creation of heaven and earth until now, you will not receive liberation in your lifetime. Therefore, in place of all that, you must build an altar of prayer, just as Abraham prayed, just as Moses prayed, and just as Jesus prayed. *
The New Covenant That Must Be Fulfilled

Luke 22:14-34
<Prayer (I)> Beloved Father! Please bestow upon us Your compassionate love. We, who did not know where to turn, have come forth, leaving all things behind, to rely solely on You, Father. Please allow our entire hearts to long for Your divine image, and allow our bodies to adore Your likeness. Thus, by uniting with the Father's love that was immersed in the heavenly realm, please allow us to reveal the glory of heaven that You seek to find. Beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
Father, please look down upon the flock gathered here. Take hold of their bodies and minds, and transform the concepts they hold into concepts through which You can work and through which they can face Your will. Thus, please allow the universal concept that the Father demands of all humankind in the last days to take deep root in their hearts. And please establish this concept as the new ideology for the time of the end. My Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
Father, please take full charge of the children gathered at this hour. If there is any element that could be found fault with after death, O Father! please remove it with the power of the Holy Spirit, with the power of the Trinity. With eyes like a flame, please see through us, and allow this to be an hour when we can offer our all before the majestic Father. May we become those who have received the liberation of atonement and the blessing of freedom before the Father, so that we can stand before all people and all creation and boast of the one and only Father. Please allow this.
July 8, 1956 (Sunday), at the former Headquarters Church.


Thus, please allow us to attend the True Father, and please establish us as children who can return glory before that Father. Beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
Please preside over the entire multitude gathered at this hour. Upon the many altars representing the nation, and upon the entire altar representing all of humankind, O Father! please manifest the same history, so that those altars may manifest the central meaning of the providence in the last days. Beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
We have offered our bodies and minds before the Father's altar, so please discern the positions of Cain and Abel. Thus, let us not become a Cain-type offering, but allow us to become an Abel-type offering of sanctification. Just as the Father appeals to all people until the end of the providence, please establish the altar we build at this hour as a representative altar that can appeal to the heavenly world until Your entire will for the whole world is accomplished. Beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
Father, who presides over all the gifts of this day, please manifest Yourself according to Your will. Please grant the gifts that are to be granted, and allow us to avoid the positions that are to be avoided. Thus, please work so that we may become children who are not lacking in being entrusted with Your eternal will, O Father! We earnestly desire this. We have prayed all these words in the name of the Lord. Amen.
<Prayer (II)> O Father! To those who wish to uphold the words You command, please reveal the will You would grant, and please work so that we can fulfill the Father's desire to uphold and find the will of the providence You have ordained. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
We know that the word to be given today is not a word that appeared today, but a word that has come through a long history. We also know that in this word, there was an unforgettable, sad event that was forged between Jesus and his beloved disciples, and that our historical ancestors, thinking of it, went forward without regard for the path of death.


The New Covenant That Must Be Fulfilled

To uphold the new covenant that was left behind, the apostles of Jesus and the saints who have believed in Jesus for the 2,000 years since have fought on, without regard for the path of blood and tears, to fulfill on earth the meaning of the promise that was left, the meaning of the earnest desire. This we know well.
Father, please look upon them with pity. Now, open their hearts and allow them to take the place of the hearts of the apostles who attended Jesus Christ 2,000 years ago. Please set our footsteps to pass through the difficult circumstances in which the apostles of old were placed, so that we may be able to fulfill the entire purpose of the providence remaining in the last days. We earnestly hope and desire this.
Please preside over all things from this point on, and by fulfilling the entire will that You are to accomplish, may You enjoy the glory of greeting a day of gladness. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this. We have prayed all these words in the name of the Lord. Amen.
<The Word> The title I wish to speak on today is "The New Covenant That Must Be Fulfilled." I will speak for a moment on this topic.

The Meaning of the Bread and Wine Jesus Broke and Gave
God, who has carried out the history of salvation for 4,000 years through the providence of resurrection, could not conclude the will of heaven and the will of earth together by the providence of resurrecting Jesus alone. Therefore, He established a new covenant, and through this, He has been carrying out the providence of finding the original garden He promised by uniting the will of heaven and the will of earth. This you should know well.
Here it says that the cup Jesus gave and the bread Jesus broke and gave are the new covenant. Since Jesus came and went, we have received his flesh and blood. You must understand that this represents the entire life that must be fulfilled and, at the same time, the entire truth.
What does it symbolize to receive Jesus' blood and Jesus' flesh? It does not refer to the flesh and blood of Jesus as an individual. Broadly speaking, it means heaven and earth; narrowly speaking, it means the center and the individual. Also, the flesh symbolizes truth, and the blood symbolizes the spirit.


Jesus gave all these things to us unconditionally. The person of Jesus, given in such a way, was of course a matter limited to himself, but you must know that any matter of existence in heaven and on earth connected to him as the center was also entirely his matter.
What is it that blocks the way between God and human beings? The will of heaven should appear on earth, and the entire situation on earth should be brought to a conclusion in the will of heaven and move toward one purpose, but this has been blocked. Thus, Jesus, who was the protagonist of love, has been toiling until now, representing that one will that is to appear on behalf of the victorious glory of heaven.
That God toiled for 4,000 years to establish the one person of Jesus was to represent that He could possess the whole of heaven and the whole of earth. Therefore, a person who believes in Jesus can possess all of heaven and all of earth. However, we are entrusted with the overall providential will to not just conclude what we have possessed as our own, but to possess it and then return it to heaven.
Because Jesus established a new covenant and went away, after he passed away, the condition remained for the spiritual world and the physical world to be connected centering on people, that is, the apostles who followed Jesus. If Jesus had not passed away, heaven and earth would have been connected centering on Jesus, but because he passed away, Jesus came to represent the condition of heaven, and the Holy Spirit came to represent the condition of earth.

The Person Who Represents the Will of Jesus and the Holy Spirit
Then, standing in the intermediate position between heaven and earth, who would be the person who can represent the will of Jesus, the person who can represent the will of the Holy Spirit? You must not forget that it is the apostles, or us, who have believed in the new words of the promise on earth until now.
Where is Jesus' desire? That desire is not in heaven.


Where is the desire of human beings? That, too, is not on earth. Jesus' desire must connect with the will of the earth, and the desire of human beings on earth must connect with the will of heaven. Therefore, centering on heaven, you must become a single offering representing heaven and earth, as the holy body representing the blood and flesh that Jesus himself broke and gave.
If you do not, Jesus and the Holy Spirit can never become one for all eternity. The Holy Spirit will continue its history on earth as the Holy Spirit, and Jesus will have no choice but to continue his history in heaven as Jesus.
What is the meaning of Jesus' words to his disciples, "You eat my blood and eat my flesh"? You must not forget that contained within them is Jesus' earnest heart, saying, "Though I may go, you must take all that has entered the realm of the heavenly providence and fulfill my desire."
The blood the disciples received from Jesus symbolizes Jesus' spiritual aspect, and the flesh symbolizes the physical aspect, which represents the Holy Spirit. Thus, Jesus and the Holy Spirit, through that blood and flesh, desired to form a single holy body and be established as a central being that could advance toward a single purpose. And in that blood and flesh of Jesus, the blood symbolized heaven and the flesh symbolized the earth. Therefore, you must know that Jesus' great hope and ambition were manifested there.
Now, after you have become a holy body through the Holy Spirit, your mind must be connected to the holy body of Jesus. This symbolizes the process of the history of restoration. When creating Adam and Eve, He also made a body and a spirit. It is said that He made the flesh and then breathed life into the nostrils to create Adam and Eve. Just as one person was made by combining the principles of these two conditions, so too in the course of the providence of restoration, because the Holy Spirit centering on Jesus established a new covenant, the connected history of Jesus and the Holy Spirit, who have united heaven and earth, has been continuing ever since.
When you think about this, you must realize how important a responsibility is placed upon us today.
You must know that heaven is swayed by the movements of the insignificant apostles, of us who are insignificant. You who are in the place of the apostles! In you who have received the holy body of Jesus, the life force of Jesus, who can represent God, must appear. The moving history of the Holy Spirit, which can represent heaven, must appear. Thus, when you become one with Jesus' will to restore the entire created world and advance, if you turn left, heaven will also turn left, and if you turn right, heaven will also turn right. As you move, so will heaven move.
If you do not establish and conclude the standard through which heaven can move through human beings, Jesus and the Holy Spirit will appeal to you. The universal mission that Jesus left behind will accuse you. When we think of this today, we must feel that through us, who are nothing and insignificant, Jesus intends to accomplish the great universal will that can sway the heavens and the earth.
Jesus does not have the authority to decide without human beings. The Holy Spirit also does not have the authority to decide. The authority to decide lies solely with us, human beings.

Repaying the Blood and Flesh Received from Jesus
Until now, the history of the New Testament has been a history of "Please do it for us." It was a history within the bounds of asking for the sake of hope. The history of the New Testament was one that remained in a place that could not go beyond a certain limit. We must go beyond the words of that New Testament. We must go beyond the history within those limits and know how to receive the grace of heaven. We must become people who can go forward with the entire value of Jesus, who sought to possess all things in heaven and on earth with his own person, and go beyond the limits of that New Testament and say, "Father! Please give me a new promise."
Today, you must manifest in your lives the appeal of Jesus' blood and the appeal He made while His flesh was being torn on the cross. The human responsibility that must be concluded for us to go to the heavenly world has been promised through Jesus. However, it must not end as a promise. You must know that if you do not possess the entire grace, the entire hope, and the entire life in your one body, and with the ideal of your one life, go beyond that limit and establish on earth the standard to be able to give freely, there is no way to resolve Jesus' resentment.
We are now in the process of fulfilling our hope. We are in the process of looking toward a certain purpose and fulfilling that hope. If you have moved in this process, you must be able to conclude the promise of faith you have established. You must know that a self that has gone beyond such a limit is a being that repays what it received of the Lord's blood and flesh at the final moment.
In this sense, what should I do? I must be able to dare to take the place of the front, back, left, right, top, and bottom of Jesus, the front, back, left, right, top, and bottom of the Holy Spirit, and the front, back, left, right, top, and bottom of God.
You must know that if we cannot establish on earth the day of limitation that is to be concluded through human beings, which is the will of heaven and at the same time the will of the earth, then the will of Jesus and the will of God cannot be fulfilled. And when we think of such a will, we must know that our value, which seems insignificant today, is exceedingly great.
What was the one thing Jesus asked of his disciples after giving them his flesh and blood? It is the word, “And he took a cup, and when he had given thanks he said, ‘Take this, and divide it among yourselves’” (Luke 22:17). You must not forget this. Since we have received this flesh and blood of Jesus, if we take responsibility for the problems of heaven on behalf of Jesus’ mission, God’s will shall be done. This is the hope of heaven.
Today, on the condition that we have received the blood and flesh of Jesus, we have the responsibility of the last days to find the altar of victory by forming relationships among ourselves. You must feel this responsibility of ours keenly.

The Lord’s Will, Who Asked Us to “Love One Another”

The principle that comes down from above does not change. Then who will find this unchanging vertical principle and the horizontal relationship that must be connected? You must find it. Jesus and the Holy Spirit have been heading in one direction as the unchanging center, even as history and the age change.

157

Just as Jesus and the Holy Spirit gave and received, we ourselves must form such a relationship. You must know that if we fail to form such a relationship, an altar on which God can work cannot be established on earth.
Do you know the heart of Jesus as he shared his own blood and flesh? It was a heart of unspeakable sorrow. Even in the world today, those who know the will, those who want to live for the will, try to reveal the will even as they overcome by themselves the ordeal of their bones melting in a sorrowful and wretched place. Therefore, you must know what Jesus’ heart must have been like as he looked upon those who did not feel this, those who did not know how to face this will.
If you do not understand these historical circumstances, you cannot even share the horizontal Holy Communion among yourselves. Therefore, today we need a life that expresses the love of the Holy Body, a life in which we can share among ourselves the heart of love that Jesus shared when he communicated with God and when he communicated with the Holy Spirit.
You must know the meaning of Jesus’ request to “share the heart of love among yourselves” in order to enter into one realm centered on heavenly love in some form, connecting individual to individual, denomination to denomination, and even going beyond denominations.
Today, among you, those who do not have a comrade with whom you can give your whole self and receive their whole self in return, you must know that you are a pitiful person. And the Holy Spirit before Jesus gives and receives with him because even if people change, the Holy Spirit does not change. Therefore, you must fight on behalf of the history of the spiritual world on the standard where you can give and receive with him like that.
The time has now come for us to fulfill the one last hope that Jesus left behind. What must you do to connect this one hope horizontally? First, you must become a person who knows how to serve on the earth. You must become a person who fights and is martyred on the earth. You must know how to serve the righteous on the earth.
Today, you must keep in mind what Jesus said. All

158

The New Covenant to Be Fulfilled

“He who serves all people will be served,” and “He who exalts himself will be humbled.” What is this? It is the center of life that we feel on a horizontal level today. Therefore, we must know how to serve anyone, be a friend to all, and also know how to protect them.

To Fulfill the New Covenant

Now that the new words of the New Testament have been promised, we must feel the internal heart of Jesus as he commanded. And at the same time as we fathom his heart, we must also know how to fathom his ideal and practical aspects. Thus, we must fulfill the will of Jesus and the Holy Spirit on their behalf. If such a will is not fulfilled in us, the history of Jesus and the Holy Spirit will be withdrawn in the last days.
If the history of Jesus and the Holy Spirit is withdrawn, on that day of withdrawal, I must be able to stand alone and know the hope of Jesus and the hope of the Holy Spirit, and be able to go the practical course that Jesus went on his behalf. I must become one who, on behalf of Jesus and the Holy Spirit, has a new ideal and can defend it.
We are the people who have received the blood and flesh of Jesus’ new promise. What is the mission that remains for us? It is to fulfill the new covenant. To do so, my own self must be able to overcome Satan in the last days, even without the cooperation of the Trinity. If so, what is the center of being able to overcome Satan? It is to know how to do the actions that Satan cannot do. You must be able to do the actions that Satan cannot do.
The essence of Satan is arrogance. The essence of Satan is jealousy. The essence of Satan is to be only for oneself. Therefore, the teachings of Jesus and the Holy Spirit are to be meek and humble, to sacrifice, and to become a sacrifice. These are all things that Satan cannot do. For Satan to be meek, he must repent of all his sins before God and turn back. If Satan did not have a jealous heart, this world today would all quickly return to heaven.

159

Therefore, you must equip yourself with the elements that are contrary to Satan. Furthermore, you should not remain within that realm of limitation but go beyond it and enter into the new realm of promise. Thus, when you establish one unchanging center, as those who have received the blood and flesh of Jesus, you will be able to fulfill the will of the new promise.
You must clearly know that if you cannot stand in the position where God can again consult with you about what He could not consult with Jesus, and what Jesus could not share with the Holy Spirit—that is, if you cannot stand as the central being who represents all the standards of heaven and earth—then the will of Jesus’ promise will not be fulfilled, and at the same time, the will of the new promise that God desires cannot be fulfilled either.
Today, even if we do not have anything of the world, we must completely have the body and mind of Jesus. We must be recognized by heaven for a central value that represents heaven and earth. Thus, our recognized value must not remain within a certain realm of limitation. We must become beings of such value that no being in the heavenly world can help but welcome us.
The blood of Jesus and the flesh of Jesus are not only valid on earth. They are not only applicable on earth. Just as the course of faith is applicable in the heavenly world, they are also applicable in heaven. Therefore, if we have completely received the blood and flesh of Jesus, my desire will be fulfilled in the heavenly world and also on the earth. And that which is fulfilled will represent the desire of Jesus in the heavenly world and the desire of the Holy Spirit on the earth.
Thus, the two becoming one, we must take on the work that Jesus and the Holy Spirit were doing, let Jesus and the Holy Spirit rest, and go to the standard where we can make a new promise with God. Only then, you must keep in mind that the new history of God, the overall providential history of heaven, will proceed with the standard of victory through you.

<Prayer>

Father! We know that a battle of truth is taking place on earth, and a competition of love is taking place in heaven.

160

The New Covenant to Be Fulfilled

We know that the battle of truth on earth has the one purpose of symbolizing the body of Jesus and bringing it to a conclusion, and we also know that our longing for the heavenly world, our admiration for love, is to complete the will of the flesh of Jesus.
We have learned that the one standard where love and truth can intersect is the standard where Jesus can be present, the standard where the Holy Spirit can be present, and the victorious standard where God can work. Therefore, Father, allow the standard of victory to be established not centered on Jesus, not centered on the Holy Spirit, but through me, through us on earth.
Thus, we know that our mission remains to go toward that one point where that one standard draws an eternal, unchanging conclusion or a prototype and rotates.
Father! The beloved children of Yours gathered here, now standing before the Father, standing before Jesus, standing before the Holy Spirit, allow them to cry out, “Oh, Father! Lord! Holy Spirit!” and allow the heavenly world to be moved by that voice. Allow the earth to be moved. Grant what we desire with our hearts, and allow the voice of “Father!” to resonate through heaven to all things on earth and move them, Father, we earnestly hope and desire.
Today, through us, allow the purpose for which Jesus gave us his blood and flesh to be concluded, and allow us to establish the name of children who can live with the Father in the eternal garden of victory that represents the character of Jesus. Father, we earnestly hope and desire.
Now, allow the blood of Jesus to pool in my heart, allow my heart to be entangled in the flesh of Jesus, and allow my hope and my will to represent the hope of heaven and the will of heaven.
Because we have not been able to escape the lineage of the sin of killing Jesus, we cannot today liquidate the essential elements of Satan. Father, please indemnify all these elements of sin and allow only the grace of life to be full.
We earnestly hope and desire, Father, that you allow us to show the value of the blood of Jesus that took charge of and went beyond all these things, representing life, and to show the victorious garden of glory of Jesus that represents the body.
We thank you for the grace of entrusting all these things to us, and we have prayed in the name of the Lord. Amen. *

11)

Why Did Jesus Become the Lamb
Who Bore the Sins of the World?

John 1:24-34
<Prayer (I)> My loving Father! Your children who were scattered in all directions, admiring Your love, have come before Your knees and bowed down. Now, please take charge of our hearts and allow only the heart that admires Your holy image to remain in our hearts, and allow our bodies to be equipped with the beauty of the Father’s form and to be immersed in the grace of inspiration without words. Father, we earnestly hope and desire.
This earth is submerged in darkness. We know that the mission to be responsible for this earth submerged in darkness has been entrusted to and left to us, who are insignificant today.
Father of love! Father of compassion! By ourselves, with only our own strength, we can by no means distinguish between good and evil and elevate good upon good, but by revealing the power of goodness that was hidden in heaven and the power of love that was hidden in heaven, please work with the power of resurrection, and allow us to show the ability to be good in our lacking position, and allow this time to be a time where we can worship the Father with all our heart and body, equipped with the glory of resurrection, and show glory with all our heart and body, loving Father, we earnestly hope and desire.
Now, the hearts of the many children who have bowed down, Father! Please sanctify them. Please work with the hand of sanctification on each and every heart, and the body and mind of each individual, Father,

July 11, 1956 (Wednesday), Former Headquarters Church.

163

please reveal them and sanctify them one by one, and we must remove all unrighteous elements, so Father, please become the protagonist of discernment and also the protagonist of heart.
distinguish good and evil, dispose of the evil, and as a living sacrifice with only goodness, be offered in the Father's presence through one center. My Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.

Father! Now that we have gathered, please allow this to be a time when we can recognize our insufficient selves before the form of the Father who is manifestly present. Let this be a time when we can discover the self that has entered the realm of death by receiving the power of past sins and reveal ourselves before the Father, before the altar of the glory of goodness. Please remove the unrighteous habits of the past and the mindset that could not believe in the Father. Allow this to be a time when we can receive new stimulation of goodness, feel the new value of the Father's divine image, and feel a shock to our minds and bodies. Beloved Father, I earnestly hope and desire that You unfold the history of repentance and emotion.

Father, a small group has gathered, so please take charge and guide us. Please do not allow even one among the children gathered here to be under Satan's dominion. Father, I earnestly hope and desire that You allow this to be a time when we can cast off today's inertia after passing through the Father's history of the toil of re-creation and the history of omnipotence.

Father, at this time, please remove all elements of sin that are unfit and unrighteous. I earnestly hope and desire, beloved Father, that only the elements of glory, with which You can personally interfere and preside, may work fully upon the entire congregation and preside fully over them.

Father, I know that this evening is a time when lonely groups are scattered here and there, worshiping before Heaven on behalf of the nation. O Father who works by making friends with the lonely, my Father who works while consulting with them, Father, please allow their loyalty and fidelity toward Heaven to never change, no matter what environment or circumstances they are in.

Even if the ridicule of Satan blocks the way like a great mountain, establish them as heavenly champions who can step on it and overcome it. My Father, I earnestly hope and desire that You lead them to more than fulfill the mission entrusted to them in the last days, the Father's desire, and that the unchanging heavenly power to fight on may be with them.

On the many altars gathered on behalf of this nation this evening, and on the many altars gathered on behalf of humankind, may the Holy Trinity be present with the same work. Please announce to them the entire mission to be accomplished in the last days, and please allow the original will of the Father, which must be established and sought, to be revealed before all 2.4 billion people of humankind and to appear on this earth. Beloved Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.

Please allow only the history, power, and glory that can testify to the joyous Holy Body to appear, forming an altar that the Father can accept as a sacrifice entrusted from the beginning to the end of the hour. I have prayed in the name of the Lord. Amen.

<Prayer (II)> Beloved Father! Please lead us and create an environment where we can stand in the position of the Israelite people who were placed before the figure of John, who saw the form of Christ manifested on behalf of the will of the heavenly law and cried out to heaven standing by the Jordan River.

Even if our hearts are at a great distance in history, please grant us the grace of emotion to hear again the voice of John the Baptist, who cried out with a sorrowful heart centered on the heavenly law. The words, Behold, the Lamb of God, who takes away the sin of the world! were indeed surprising, fearful, and majestic.

Although numerous people, numerous sages and wise men, have come and gone on this earth, we know that the words of John the Baptist, who testified of Jesus, established a new historical standard of re-creation, as there was no one who boldly stepped forward and cried out that he had taken upon himself the sins of all people. May we know the heart of John the Baptist, who found one being who could bear the sins that all people disliked, and please grant us the grace of joy to entrust all our sins to Jesus Christ and worship toward heaven.


Today, please change our environment to the environment of the Israelite people who received the grace of liberation. Please manifest their heart in our environment. Please allow us to realize that if there is one who has found a central figure to whom he can entrust all his sins, there is no one more blessed than him.

Please allow us to feel the joy of one who possesses Heaven, who can entrust my life and my all and be grateful on my own in a free environment, and allow us to recognize again today that Jesus came to this earth and took on our sins.

Please take on all the sins of those gathered at this hour, and allow only goodness to remain and only goodness to be full. I earnestly hope and desire, beloved Father, that a stimulating impulse may arise from us to entrust all elements of sin to Jesus Christ, to give glory to the Father, and to comfort the sorrow of Christ.

Please look upon the many children gathered today with compassion. Please do not let the heart of the one who speaks and the heart of the one who receives be two. Please grant us the power of resurrection that can revive us, and work with the word of re-creation that can bring us back to life. Please grant us the grace of joy to be restored to our original form by breaking the chains of sin and relying on the word of re-creation. Beloved Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.

I have entrusted everything, so please grant it according to Your will. I have prayed in the beloved name of the Lord. Amen.

<Sermon> The title I want to speak on this evening is Why Did Jesus Become the Lamb Who Takes Away the Sin of the World? I will speak for a moment on this title, Why Did Jesus Become the Lamb Who Takes Away the Sin of the World?

The Background of Jesus' Advent

God created human beings as a central being through whom He could feel His internal ideal in substance. Therefore, through them, He intended to create a world of joy without any gap at any time, by achieving the hidden beauty of heaven, the hidden love of heaven, and the hidden glory of heaven through the life of Adam and Eve, through their lifetime, and through their course of eternal life.

Due to the human fall, this original will that God intended was fundamentally severed, and human beings came to dwell within the dominion of Satan, whom they had not wanted, in place of God. Human beings, who should have lived a life of attending God and returning glory and joy to Him, have instead been repeating a history of humiliation, centering on Satan in place of God and attending and following him. This is something you all know well.

And God has been carrying out His providence until now because there remains glory to be found centered on people, a will to love centered on people, and a work of exhortation to be done centered on people. On the contrary, you also know well the fact that Satan has been continuing the fight to destroy God's glory, the fight to destroy God's love, the fight to destroy heaven's life, and the fight to bind today's human beings in his grasp and not hand them over to God's side.

Therefore, God must now establish a person and set up a condition to resent Satan, establish a person and set up a condition to protest against Satan centered on the glory that should be returned to God, and establish a condition to protest against Satan who is receiving love from human beings on behalf of God. Also, since Satan has the authority over all life on behalf of God, God must establish a person who can protest this as well. This responsibility remains with God.

If a central figure, the original human being whom God seeks to find, who can attack Satan, does not emerge, there is no way to return glory to God again, no way to return love, and no way to return life.

To establish this one central being, God toiled and carried out His providence for 4,000 years. And so, the one who was finally established to testify to God's glory, to testify to God's love, and to testify to God's life, as the center of faith, the representative center of humankind, whom God sought to find before all people, was none other than Jesus Christ.

Jesus' Responsibility

Then, what was the responsibility that Jesus Christ had to fulfill when he came to this earth? He had to restore God's glory, restore God's love, and restore God's life. But what was blocking this was sin.

Sin prevented all people from returning glory to God, from feeling God's love as love, and from feeling heaven's life as life, thus preventing the establishment of a center of eternal life. What is the reason for that? It is because, due to the fall, hereditary sin and personal sin have permeated all of creation, centering on human beings.

Therefore, the responsibility that Jesus Christ had to first carry out when he came to this earth was to fight to uproot the root of sin that permeated all people and all of creation before restoring God's glory, before restoring God's love, and before restoring God's life.

So, Jesus Christ came to this earth and took upon himself the sins of all people to uproot this sin.

Then, for what reason did Jesus have to take on the sins? It was because human beings had sin. And furthermore, it was because human beings did not know the truth.

Jesus Christ came to this earth with God's glory, God's love, and God's eternal life to save all people, but there was one condition blocking his path, and what was it? It was the sin that was woven like a wire fence between this person and that person, this group and that group, this society and that society, this nation and that nation.

Unless this sin is voluntarily liquidated, God's glory cannot be seen on this earth, God's love cannot be seen, and God's life cannot be seen.


God has been having human beings liquidate this sin. When human beings liquidate this sin, He can thereby bestow upon them God's glory, bestow upon them God's life, and bestow upon them God's love. From the human standpoint, the reason God had human beings liquidate this sin was for the purpose of making human beings themselves know the protagonist whom they had not known until now.

Therefore, if we can serve that protagonist on behalf of heaven's glory, serve him on behalf of heaven's love, and serve him on behalf of heaven's life, if we become such people, there is no power that can sever the relationship between us and Jesus Christ, whom heaven has established as the center.

However, because of the fall, until this world comes to an end, there remains a burden of sin between me, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit that must be eliminated. This burden of sin remains in the family, society, nation, world, and heaven and earth, centered on the individual. The news that one being is coming who can take on the burden of sin of this entire world, heaven and earth, is more joyful than anything else, and it is the gospel of salvation and victory.

Then, have we ourselves entrusted our sins to Jesus Christ today? Has our family entrusted its sins to Jesus Christ? Has our society, our nation, entrusted its sins to Jesus Christ? Has this world we live in entrusted its sins to Jesus Christ? The problem is how many saints remain on this earth within the realm of unliberated sin.

What You Must Do in Your Daily Life of Faith

What you yourselves must do in your daily life of faith is to entrust all your sins to Jesus. Have you handed over all your sins to Jesus? You must ask yourselves this. In reality, a being must emerge on this earth who can say, Father! I cannot resolve the sins that remain in me by myself. I entrust my sins to the Father. Otherwise, the ideal of Jesus Christ will not be fulfilled.


If the burden of sin still remains in me, if the burden of sin still remains in my family, and if the element of lamentation due to sin still remains in our society, our nation, our world, and heaven and earth, then the suffering of the cross of Jesus Christ is extended.

You must know the fact that even at this hour, you are repeating the act of extending the suffering of the cross of Jesus Christ.

Today, we must offer a prayer of repentance, saying, Jesus, please take all my sins.
we must do. We must say, “Lord! Please take responsibility for my sins.”
Unless we unite our mind and body, unite the mind and body of Jesus, carry the bundle of sins entrusted to Jesus, pass through Jesus’ hands and my hands, and go through a revolutionary course that can pierce through to the very bottom of sin, we cannot say that we are people who have completely liquidated our sins before the Holy Spirit and Jesus Christ.
Then what is the meaning of Jesus coming to this earth and saying that he will take responsibility for sins? Because we fell, we lost God, the owner of life, we lost the True Parents, and we lost the one center that could protect and love me. The one who came as this central being was Jesus. Now, after Jesus Christ takes responsibility for all the sins of the world, we will face a time when heaven and earth and Satan will have a final showdown over the one person of Jesus.
If you yourselves do not entrust all your sins to Jesus and entrust them to God, then even if Jesus Christ wants to intervene as your master, he cannot. You must know this.
From a human point of view, Jesus is the most unfortunate of the unfortunate
We must know the heart of Jesus. We must know the heart of Jesus who came to find this world. That heart of Jesus was a heart that wanted to bear the sins of the entire universe. You must know that from a human point of view, Jesus was a pitiful person. You must know that when Jesus came to this earth, there was no one as unfortunate as Jesus. He came to this earth to find and to bestow grace, but there was not a single person who knew Jesus’

170

Why did Jesus become the Lamb who bore the sins of the world?

desire and served him, saying, “Jesus is my eternal ideal and unchanging master.”
He came for the sake of the nation, he came for the sake of the country, he came for the sake of the world, and he came for the sake of heaven and earth, but you must know that Jesus Christ, who was established before humankind, was the most unfortunate of the unfortunate. There was not a single person who believed in the words he spoke and the actions he took when he came to this earth, saying, “Oh, we welcome you!” In this way, from a human point of view, the environment in which Jesus personally found himself was an unspeakably unstable environment.
Jesus, too, as a human being, must have had the same sensibilities as you. However, you must know that Jesus, who bore the sins of humankind, who could not solve the sins of his own body, and who took responsibility for the past and future sins of all humankind, forgot his troubles and stood in a position to comfort each individual who resented his own sins in a lonely place. And we must comfort the internal toil, suffering, and sorrow of Jesus Christ, who came to take responsibility for the sins of humankind.
Of course, we must be sorrowful over our sins. The reason why we must be sorrowful is that this sorrow must not directly pierce heaven. The one who came to comfort this sorrow is the Holy Spirit.
Therefore, we must shed our sins with the cooperation of Jesus and the Holy Spirit. Otherwise, the agony of Jesus Christ, who took responsibility for our sins, will not be resolved on this earth and will not be resolved in heaven.
Then what is it that you must know now? The Holy Spirit is in charge of atoning for our sins before heaven. This is because human beings do not have a direct relationship with God or Jesus in the heavenly world. That is why we must receive the cooperation of the Holy Spirit, who works on earth.
And what we must know is that although the way to receive atonement was opened through the cross of Jesus Christ, the one who actually takes responsibility for our sins and toils is the Holy Spirit. You must know that the Holy Spirit is toiling in a middle position for our sake, in place of my pitiful situation as a sinner.

171

What kind of toil is the toil of the Holy Spirit? The toil of Jesus, who died on the cross, was the toil of taking responsibility for our sins, and the toil of the Holy Spirit is the toil of crying with you when you cry and being hung with you when you are hung on the cross. And he is continuing the history of the toil of crossing the pass of the cross for you today. You must know this well.
Thus, when the toil of Jesus Christ and the toil of the Holy Spirit become one with me in the middle and surpass the standard of toil that heaven demands, all the sins we have committed on earth are atoned for.
The human responsibility for the toil of the Holy Spirit
Until now, we thought that only I had toiled to meet Jesus Christ, but we must know that behind me, there is the Holy Spirit who has toiled more than I. What Jesus desires is that because the toil of the Holy Spirit is greater than the toil of human beings, he wants to establish this Holy Spirit to represent the glory of Jesus Christ and to unite human beings. Unless such a day is found, Jesus cannot come to this earth again and stand as the protagonist of all people.
Therefore, when we go out against evil, we must know that because of the sins we have committed, the Holy Spirit has come to toil on earth in our place, and Jesus has come to be hung on the cross. Also, we must know that wherever we go in heaven and earth, we are sinners who have no way to escape the resentment of heaven.
Realizing this sin, we must now offer our entire minds and bodies. Therefore, first, by relying on the toil of the Holy Spirit and filling the measure of the toil of Jesus Christ, we must relieve them of the burden of that toil. In this way, when the toil of the Holy Spirit ends because of me, the toil of Jesus ends, and the toil of God ends, the will of heaven’s providence of restoration, which has toiled to take responsibility for our sins, is concluded. And we ourselves will only then find a single protagonist. You must know this.
Jesus came to this earth as the Son of Man and left. Jesus came to this earth as a human being with a body and left. If you look through the spirit world,

172

Why did Jesus become the Lamb who bore the sins of the world?

Jesus has a body with which he can have a one-on-one conversation with us, so if your spiritual eyes are opened, you can comfort and thank Jesus, who died for us, but you cannot do this for the Holy Spirit. This is because the Holy Spirit does not have a body.
Jesus came to this earth as the protagonist of heaven who wore a substantial body and as the center of the created world. However, because the Holy Spirit has not yet had a body, we cannot directly comfort him for the toil of the Holy Spirit. In order to resolve this resentment, the ideal of the bridegroom and bride was established through the 2,000-year history of toil, but Christians today do not know this.
Then when will the substantial Holy Spirit on earth, who can become the bride before the heavenly Jesus, the bridegroom, appear on this earth?
The crime we committed not only made Jesus Christ cross the pass of death, but it also made the Holy Spirit cross such a pass of toil. However, if I resolve the resentment of that toil through my own self, I can return that joy and glory to Jesus, but I cannot return it to the Holy Spirit.
When we entrust our sins, first the Holy Spirit takes responsibility for our sins. After that, Jesus Christ takes responsibility, and then we receive liquidation from God, but we do not know this well today. If saints who know this work and this mission appear, the work of the inspiration of the Holy Spirit will appear to all humankind through them.
Then, since Jesus Christ came to this earth and left, what should we do now? We must find a bridegroom-type protagonist in the same position as Jesus and a bride-type protagonist in the same position as the Holy Spirit. Therefore, we must receive the grace of atonement. And holding on to the Holy Spirit and Jesus, we must be able to say, “Holy Spirit, Holy Son, and God! Please bless us.” Unless you become like that, the 2,000 years of toil of Jesus Christ and the 2,000 years of toil of the Holy Spirit cannot be completed on this earth.
Why did Jesus take responsibility for the sins of the world? It was for us, so that we could possess freedom. And the reason he had us find the master was to move human beings from the position of being ruled by Satan to the position of being able to rule Satan by having them possess their original form.

173

Therefore, after you have gone through that entire course, you must become children of freedom.
To annihilate Satan and become free from sin
What makes us not free is sin. However, sin itself does not make us not free. Satan makes us not free on the condition of the sins we have committed.
Finding the master is the mission we must fulfill, and shedding sin must also be fought centering on the mind and body, but to find freedom, we must fight against Satan.
When we fight against Satan, I cannot annihilate Satan with my own body alone. The Holy Spirit alone cannot annihilate Satan. And Jesus alone cannot annihilate Satan, and God alone cannot annihilate Satan. If I say this, you may say that it is a contradiction.
However, if God Himself could annihilate Satan, why was the 30-odd years of toil of Jesus Christ and the sacrifice of the cross necessary on this earth?
Now we must wage a fight against Satan. And in waging the fight, we must know well for whom we are fighting. We must know that we are fighting first for the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, and then for ourselves. We Christians know that we are fighting for heaven, but we are forgetting the fact that we are fighting for ourselves. Then why do we fight for heaven? It is to block the offensive and invasion of Satan.
You must know that heaven is mobilized to enable you as an individual to find a blessed path of heavenly principle. You must know that it is also mobilized on earth. That is, in the heavenly world, God is mobilized, Jesus is mobilized, and the Holy Spirit is mobilized, and on earth, you do not know,

174

Why did Jesus become the Lamb who bore the sins of the world?

but many pioneers are mobilized for you. You must know this.
Therefore, you must know that so many people are mobilized in the heavenly world and on earth and are fighting to grant you freedom, and you must be able to repay them.
At this hour today, many people are toiling to lead your mind and body to a place of freedom. God has been toiling for a long time in the heavenly world, and Jesus and the Holy Spirit are toiling. Not only that, but tens of thousands of saints and tens of thousands of angels are toiling. You must not forget this. Also, you must not forget that there are saints who are fulfilling their responsibilities with the determination to die in order to resolve the dark environment in which human beings are bound.
If we know that toiling while fulfilling the mission of heavenly law on earth is to receive glory in that land, we must be able to save face before heaven.
Now, when the day of judgment comes, you will be required to toil like the toil of Jesus to make you free. You will be required to toil like the toil of the Holy Spirit. And you will be required to toil like the toil of God. Not only that, but you will be required to toil like the toil of the many prophets and sages who toiled to liberate you.
You must not live a life of faith that is satisfied with being comfortable, at ease, and joyful for yourself alone. If you live this kind of life, you may avoid the difficulties that come to your own body, but you will have no way to avoid what the Holy Spirit, Jesus, God, and the tens of thousands of saints who have carried out the history of toil demand.
Then, today, if we are to find freedom, become a body of freedom, and lift up our own body and say, “Father! Thank you,” we must be grateful centering on Jesus. In the heavenly world, the Holy Spirit and the tens of thousands of saints are hoping that you will return the reward for their toil to God. You must know this.

175

The resentment of Jesus must be resolved by all the people on earth, and the purpose of Jesus must be fulfilled by all the people on earth. And human beings have the mission to complete that purpose on earth and at the same time to complete it in heaven.
Repaying those who toiled for the liberation of humankind
If we have received atonement through Jesus and obtained freedom and liberation, we must be able to fulfill what Jesus desires. You must know that it is the hope of heaven to find one person who can do so.
Even if the earth is sinful, the earth is evil, and the earth is rebellious, the heart of God
You must know how to connect with the heart of the heavenly law, the heart of the prophets and saints, and stand proudly before Satan on behalf of humanity. Therefore, you must be able to confront Satan and say, "No matter how violent you are, no matter how strong your power is, I will not lose to you," and attack with confidence. A person must emerge who is equipped with this heart of freedom and can boast before all creation. If such a protagonist does not appear, the glory of Heaven, the love of Heaven, and the life of Heaven will not be connected to us.
Today, because we have failed to create an environment of freedom, the ideal of God, the ideal of Jesus, and the ideal of the Holy Spirit are not connected to us. And if this ideal is not connected, the life of God, the love of God, and the glory of God that move in the heavenly world have no relationship with us.
Then why is it that Christians today, who say they stand in a position of having received the grace of liberation through a free faith, are unable to look toward eternity and move forward? It is because even if they are in an environment of joy and freedom through the Lord of glory, that is not everything. They must receive eternal life. Are you in a position today of lamenting and resenting yourselves for changing with each hour and each season, unable to last even a few years? You must know that if you cannot escape from this position, you will be placed in a position far from God's life of goodness.

176

Why Did Jesus Become the Lamb Who Bore the Sins of the World?

Although you yourselves are precious, before you think of your own precious value, you must first recognize the precious value of God, liberate God, and take responsibility on this earth for establishing the protagonist of Heaven's freedom. If such a protagonist emerges, he or she cannot help but become the unparalleled, top-tier bride before Jesus.
Now, you must fight, transcending time and place, to find and establish the standard of God's internal love. And you must know how to feel a heart of love that wants to give something to others, centering on eternity. Also, in dealing with that true protagonist, you must not stop at just one moment.
Today, around us, there are many people who live for one day's freedom and one day's joy, but you must firmly establish the standard of eternally unchanging joy and freedom on the foundation of your heart. Only when you establish that standard can you participate in eternal life. Only when you achieve not just a standard of eternal life and a one-sided environment, but a four-directional environment, will the love of the Holy Spirit, the love of the Holy Son, and the love of the Holy Father reach you.

The Reason Jesus Took Responsibility for the Sins of the World

What is the reason Jesus took on our own sins and the sins of the world? First, it is for the glory of God. Next, it is for the life of God and the love of God. And it is to share joys and sorrows with you for eternity as the protagonist of humanity, the protagonist of freedom, the protagonist of life, the protagonist of love, and the mediator of harmony.
Therefore, if we believe in and follow Jesus, we will receive the glory of God even while on earth, and we will be able to fulfill God's ideal of creation. And when the ideal of creation is fulfilled through you, God Himself will bless and love you, saying, "You are the eternal victor who has overcome Satan."
<Prayer> Loving Father! We did not know that there were so many gates we had to pass through when Heaven proclaimed such an earnest heart. Today,

177

allow your beloved children gathered here to open their hearts and receive Jesus, and do not let them become a laughingstock in the heavenly world. Do not allow them to become a group that goes before Satan on earth. Thus, centering on eternal life, centering on love, and centering on glory, I earnestly hope and desire that you will allow us to receive on this earth the glory of joy where we can say, "He is my Lord whom I can attend, my Lord whom I can love, my Lord of whom I can sing."
Please look into the hearts of the beloved children gathered here today and give them strength. Please strike their bodies.
When they desire strength from you, Father, give them strength, and when they desire infinite life, give them infinite life. As they walk the path of infinite struggle, please let the path of toil that Heaven has walked come to an end in their own lives. I earnestly hope and desire that you will raise up your remaining children, establish them in the ranks of Heaven's elite soldiers, establish them as children who can take charge of the fight against Satan on Heaven's battlefield, and establish them as children who lack nothing.
Father! You know all things, so please accomplish all things for which we have not asked. Earnestly asking that the connection of heart to heart and the heavenly ties may be connected even to their bodies, I have reported this in the name of the Lord. Amen. *

12)

Let Us Participate in the Glory that God Recognizes

Matthew 11:25-30
<Prayer (I)> Loving Father! Please personally guide your children gathered here. Please do not let them be ones who do not know whether the life they have is truly the life they ought to have. Please do not let them be ones who, having received the great grace you have permitted, do not know how to leave it for the sake of the nation.
Loving Father! On this day, a small group that was walking a lonely path has come to this place and prostrated themselves before you, Father. Please allow them to become one in your love, and please allow your hand of love, which seeks for humanity, to become entangled with us in this one place that represents the 6,000-year history. Thus, connecting heart to heart and body to body, please allow all of us to become one.
The grace of your permission was not our grace alone, but the grace of the whole. Please allow this grace to become a grace that can extend through the nation to all the 2.4 billion people of the world. O Father! Please become the center of our lives, the center of our love, and the center of our hope, and may your hand of grace, which is full, be with us upon our heads forever from this hour. Loving Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.
Father! I know that many people are worshiping you on this day. Wherever they gather, may your hand of love be with them.

179

Please allow their gathered forms to prostrate themselves before the Father's deep heart on behalf of their entire gathering.
Please convey and reveal your hidden love before them. Thus, please allow them to become a group that is not lacking in appearing before all humanity on behalf of the entire providence of the last days. My Father, I earnestly hope and desire that you will permit the grace of your power at this hour.
On this day, we offer our hearts as they are before the Father's altar. Please remove all unfitting elements, and allow us to be filled only with a heart that can sing of the Father's holiness and a heart of gratitude. My Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.
Thus, among your beloved children who have gathered, let there not be a single life that is not fitting before the Father. If there are sons and daughters who have the mark of sin centered on themselves, O Father! Please reveal the flame-like work of the Holy Spirit so that this may be a time when those who have the traces of sin feel shame and can repent on their own. Thus, please allow us to be remolded into meek and humble offerings that can be offered before the perfect Father on behalf of the people of the four seas. Loving Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.
Father, there are also family members who could not attend on this day. Wherever they may be, please work with the same grace, and please bless the lonely denominations that gather in various places and cry out on behalf of the nation and on behalf of the providence. Father! Through their holy hands, please allow the flames of the beacon to appear before this people, and through those who adore you, Father, please allow your holy will to appear as a joyous will before the entire world. Loving Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.
I have entrusted this entire hour to you. Please let the Holy Trinity preside over it. I have prayed in the name of the Lord, earnestly hoping. Amen.
<Prayer (II)> Please hasten the work of judgment upon the earth. Today,

180

Let Us Participate in the Glory that God Recognizes

Beloved brothers and sisters gathered here, may the Father alone protect you, and may the Father alone take charge and guide you. Please allow this one hour, at least, to be a time when there is nothing centered on myself.
Please allow this to be a time when I know that my life is not my own, my knowledge is not my own, and all my concepts are not my own. As something entrusted to you, please allow me to move when Heaven moves and to be still when Heaven is still.
Father, there are brothers and sisters who have remaining wounds and are pierced by a thirsty heart. O Father, who knows their situation and their circumstances, please allow the flames of eternal life descending from Heaven to be lit in their bodies and minds. Please allow this one hour to be a time when they can return the joy of resuscitation to the Father.
Please allow them to know that no matter how great any worldly concept may be, it cannot compare to the heavenly law, and let them know that the ignorance of the world has permeated this earth, and let them know that the shadow of that sin is connected to the entire world.
Thus, please allow this to be a time when they can realize their own shortcomings, be moved by the movement of the heavenly law, and feel a sense of awe for the whole. Loving Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.
Father, we are sitting around you, so please give your command. We have gathered, so Father, please advise us and give us the words you desire. Please reveal the power of resurrection and allow the strength and ability to push through the wall of darkness that blocks us to explode. I earnestly hope and desire this.
The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak. Please reveal the strength to break this weak flesh, and operate with your hand of power, so that we may become clay that can be truly molded by the Father's hand, which bestows the grace of re-creation. Please allow us to become meek and humble beings who can be molded into the image of glory. Loving Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.
Today, you, Father, have called us, who are insignificant. Please allow us to fulfill your hope.

181

Please allow us to reveal a living altar to find a way for this dying nation, this nation in misery, this pitiful nation to live. Please allow me to stand in a place where I can set my one self before the Father today and have a question-and-answer session, and please allow my one self to receive and handle the mission that the heavenly law demands.
Please allow us to fight against all evil and discern it, and to discern good and evil and stand in the position of goodness. Believing that what is of goodness will remain and the evil of Satan will be liquidated, please allow us to enter the right path and live held in your glory. Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.
O Father! Please look upon the thirty million people with compassion. Please allow the tears of God's sons and daughters who shed tears for this nation to fill heaven and earth, and please reveal the moving work of Heaven so that this nation can repent. Please allow the work of resurrection that enables repentance to appear throughout this entire nation. Thus, please allow them to become a nation that can receive the new will you desire with a new heart. Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.
Now, please call forth each of your beloved children who have gathered and sanctify each individual. Father, first, please interfere with their hearts and bodies, and their lives, with your eternal ideal. Please allow this time, at least, to be a time of worship, where we offer everything before the will of the whole, before the purpose the Father desires, as an offering that only the Father can take. Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.
Please take charge of all things. I have reported this in the name of the Lord. Amen.
<Prayer (III)> Father of love, I try to convey the heart of Heaven to this pitiful nation, but the people living on this earth still do not know what that heart is. They think that Heaven's internal heart has no relation whatsoever to the earth, so please forgive the ignorance of these pitiful human beings at this hour.
O Father! The small group gathered here today knows that Heaven has established them and is demanding a great mission, and they have the heart to take on that responsibility.
182

Let Us Participate in the Glory that God Recognizes

Please allow us to have gratitude. Please establish them before Your will and reveal these individuals through their actions.
How many children are there who desire to become offerings before the will? Beloved Father! How many are there who can understand the Father's heart without a word being spoken? How many are there who move, discerning the will, without being called?
Father! We know that what they seek to gain from Heaven is great, but what Heaven anticipates from us is also great. Father! From this hour, a few members, though they are lacking, wish to offer their bodies before the Father's altar to uphold the Father's will, so please accept them. Please do not see their faults as faults, but accept them with love.
We know that we must become those whom You personally love in order to escape Satan's accusation. Father, please embrace the whole, and at this hour, please grant us the Father's grace to share the hidden manna of life from Heaven.
When we look upon the multitudes gathered here, we know that power must be applied. Father! Please apply Your overflowing power so that they may forget their shortcomings and all consciousness of sin, and please work personally in this hour so that only life may appear before them.
Father! Please allow the multitudes gathered on this day to prostrate themselves before the Father with empty vessels and the heart of a receiver. Please pour out the water of life to fill their empty vessels and raise up their original minds. Please allow this to be an hour in which they can lift their bodies, lift their hands toward Heaven, and offer everything before the Father.
Beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
As I stand before them at this hour, let them realize that the word being proclaimed is the momentous word of Christ, which is indispensable in a lifetime and in the course of history. We know that those who bear the heavy burden of sin will, on the foundation of the Word, achieve the substance of victory through the power of resurrection.
Today, we too entrust everything to Jesus, and on that foundation where the condition for resurrection was established through the cross, please allow us to be recreated by Heaven. Beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.

183

Please take charge of all things at this hour. We have prayed in the name of the Lord. Amen.
<Sermon> The title of the sermon I would like to give today is Let Us Participate in the Glory that God Recognizes.

I will speak on this topic.
To Be Recognized
Because John the Baptist, who was to testify to the will of Heaven, failed to fulfill his mission before the world, Jesus had to stand at a difficult gateway to fight against Satan. The people of Israel, who should have understood Jesus' situation, failed to do so. While Satan was in a position to hasten the difficult path of suffering that lay before Jesus, Jesus stood alone in a position where no being in all of heaven and earth recognized him, and he tried to convey the will of Heaven to a people who did not know it.
Jesus, feeling the mission to convey what he knew internally to the ignorant people, stood himself before all people and, relying on the one heart that only God recognized, he stepped forward to proclaim a new resolution, a new hope, and a new determination before the nation. Today's sermon is an important one with this content.
A person's happiness comes when he has someone who recognizes him. Furthermore, if he has a friend, a comrade, or a teacher who recognizes his past, his present, and even his future, he will be happy.
And the foundation of a person's rest is formed centering on the embrace of such people, and it is through the environment where such people are that one can feel joy and happiness.
Jesus knew that God in Heaven knew him through history, knew him through his thirty years of life, and knew him through the will of the eternal providence.

184

Let Us Participate in the Glory that God Recognizes

He knew this.
Just as God recognized him, Jesus had to recognize all humankind in the human world through history, through their lives, and through the future. As Jesus, who knew this, felt more and more that he himself was the central being who had to make God known to human beings, he had to testify to God's knowing in some form before the nation.
Jesus, Who Had to Testify to the Nation of God's Recognition
What Jesus first sought to testify was that he was the representative being of a relationship with the providential course of 4,000 years before the will of God, a relationship that could never be severed. Jesus, who felt the responsibility to lead the entire nation of Israel to God, just as God had recognized him through the 4,000-year providence, tried to reveal God's knowing to the nation in the course of his life.
Also, when he realized that in the providential course after his thirty years of life, all humankind had to become one with his future ideal, Jesus felt the responsibility to make known to humankind, through his own person, the ideal world where humankind would recognize him from Heaven.
When thinking about the providential history that extends from the past to the present, from the present to the eternal heavenly world to be fulfilled in the future, the affairs of the earth, and how any existing being, through an infinite period, reaches the one person of Jesus, it was not Jesus' mission alone to make this providence known before Heaven, nor was it his mission alone to make it known before the tens of thousands of saints, nor was it his mission alone to make it known before the historical ancestors.
Jesus, who stood before the will on behalf of the whole, had to recognize the nation on behalf of God, just as God recognized him. He had to let the nation know that just as he represented God, the nation had to represent him. And unless a relationship was formed in which the nation recognized Jesus just as he recognized God, Jesus could not feel the happiness of knowing in his lifetime. You must understand that Jesus could rejoice with God toward Heaven, but he could not help but stand in a position where he could not rejoice toward the earth because people did not recognize him.

185

The words Jesus spoke were not just asking people to recognize Heaven. The gospel he preached was not a gospel for Heaven alone. His words, his labors, and all his difficult battles were for the historical nation and for the future nation that would lead history. However, the people of that time who faced Jesus did not know this fact. If the people on earth had recognized Jesus as he knew God, his life would not have been so entangled with sorrow.
To What Extent God and Jesus Recognized Each Other
Then, to what extent did God recognize Jesus? How did God recognize Jesus? From the origin of the history of creation, through the course of human history, through the ties of history, to the entire real society of that time, and furthermore, He recognized even Jesus' future ideal.
Jesus, who appeared before the ignorant people, received Heaven's command and labored, setting himself up. And he fought, pierced by the sorrowful heart of God who had labored infinitely in the course of history. He also sought to comfort the ancestors who had labored in the course of history and to resolve the sorrow that lingered in the course of history. God established Jesus as such a being.
Jesus had a heart for God, and he had a sorrowful heart that wanted to convey that heart to human beings. As long as this sorrowful heart remained in Jesus, God's heart in dealing with Jesus could not help but be sorrowful. We must know that because human beings failed to fulfill their responsibility, God is in sorrow and sadness.
Then, to what extent did God know Jesus? God knew Jesus as the one who could reveal the glory of the children to the whole world through the ideal of the bridegroom and bride centered on Adam's family.

186

Let Us Participate in the Glory that God Recognizes

Then, how much did Jesus know God? While knowing that God recognized him as a being who represented history, Jesus also knew that God wanted to reveal on earth, through him, the faith of the bridegroom and bride from the family life centered on Mary to the course of his real life, and even to reveal the glory of goodness on earth. That is why his words were words that resolved the resentment of history.
Jesus knew that God knew Mary's obedience. He also knew that God knew Mary's situation. He knew that God wanted the faith of the bridegroom and bride, who had to lay the foundation for their start from a position lower than anyone else. He also knew the fact that God wanted the expectation of goodness from among the myriad creations. If human beings had recognized Jesus' knowledge of God in this way, they could have formed a relationship with the will of love that Jesus had, but the human beings of that time did not know that.
Therefore, Jesus could consult with God, but he became unable to consult with people. Since there was no one to whom he could make known his knowledge, his resentful heart, and the providence of salvation on earth, you must know that Jesus' sorrow was greater than the sorrow of losing the whole world.
Love is Completed Through Three Ages
If love is not completed in one generation, it goes through three ages. First, it goes through the love of Heaven's law, then the love of parents, and then the love of husband and wife. We are going through the course of restoration like this because of the fall and the repeated mistakes of human beings.
Therefore, the period until one becomes an adult in one's lifetime is the period of receiving parental love. After that period, the period of love centered on oneself is the period of the bridegroom and bride. After that comes the period of love for one's children.
Then, in God's 6,000-year history of providence, what kind of period of love was it until Jesus came? It was a period when God, by putting Jesus forward, personally gave love as a parent. After that, the period when Jesus leaves the realm of parental love and builds his own family life is the period of the bridegroom and bride.

187

Then what kind of period is to come now? It is the period of concluding the ideal of the bridegroom and bride on earth. Thus, on earth, Jesus, centering on the internal will of God, must unfold the family-level expectation on earth. To do so, he must first unfold the life of the spiritual bridegroom and bride on earth. He must unfold the spiritual heavenly family life on earth and form a family type that represents history on the earth.
After the 2,000-year history since Jesus, heaven and earth must now unite, the internal form and the external form must be connected to form one substance, and a relationship must be formed with it. You must become the children of new parents, centering on yourselves. In the period of the parents, you must be able to raise new children. And through those new children, you must establish the new ideal of the bridegroom and bride on earth. This ideal remains in the course of history.
The Purpose for Which Jesus Came
Then, what was the purpose for which Jesus came? It was to bring to a total conclusion the internal family form, the external ideal of the bridegroom and bride, and the life of the children. Not only on the external foundation, but by concluding the relative standard through the connection of the internal and external, the fortune of Heaven's law can go through the course of restoration of the historical family form, which can establish a standard from the internal for anyone. Through anyone, not only as a real and historical fact but as a decisive fact, you must establish the family life form up to the time God established Jesus.
If you yourselves do not possess the evidential content of the bridegroom and bride of the course of the 2,000-year providence centered on the New Testament, you will not be able to confidently seek out the standard of the bridegroom and bride.
You must leave on earth a substantial child of goodness who can exist eternally and really, not a child of shame, but a child who has completely escaped the history of sin.

188

Let Us Participate in the Glory that God Recognizes

After establishing children whom no enemy can accuse, you will be able to know the heart of the celestial secret that was hidden, establish me as the substantial embodiment, receive Heaven's love, consult with Heaven, and form a bond with Heaven through which you can give and receive.
What was the purpose of the Jesus in whom you believe through your life of faith today, the Jesus whom God acknowledged? To what extent do you know Jesus? You should not understand the image of the bridegroom and bride only as Jesus and the Holy Spirit.
If you cannot become a person who can leave behind a foothold of victory for eternal life and eternal salvation through the substantial love of the family and through internal love in your lifetime, then Heaven's ideal and Heaven's hope will have no relation to you. Furthermore, it may belong to God and it may belong to Jesus and the Holy Spirit, but it will not become yours.
Therefore, in knowing Jesus, you should not know only Jesus himself. For that reason, if there is a person who can unite centered on Jesus, he is a person who can be equal to Jesus as a son of God whom God acknowledged. He will be able to stand proudly on the earth, representing history, the present age, and the future. If such a being appears on this earth, that being himself will be one who knows history, one who knows the providence of Jesus, and one who can represent the world that Jesus hopes for.
To become such a being, you must be a person who can give thanks to God no matter what conditions are presented, and a person who does not lose hope in any environment. Jesus felt that God's hope and love, which are stronger than any love I have for anything, must be moved.
That is why, even in a situation where the environment changes, history changes, and heaven and earth are in chaos, even until the final moment, what Jesus thought about was humankind. He intended to establish an eternal relationship that could not be severed for the sake of humankind, to represent eternal life and the heart of the center. For that reason, he could say, "Cross, come. Death, come quickly."
If you do not feel such a feeling through your life today, through your lifetime, then even if you know Jesus, it will be no different from not knowing him.

189

Therefore, you must now represent the overall historical form of the providential course, represent the entire history, and represent the eternal history, and form a relationship through which you can connect to the eternal dynamic heart and static heart of God. Thus, you must resolve the grief that has accumulated in history and appear before all people. You must know that if you cannot appear as such a person, you cannot be called a child whom Heaven acknowledges, whom Jesus is seeking and demanding. However, if there is such a person, he will give thanks to God even for a single spoonful of rice he eats, and he will be able to feel God's love even in a single breath he takes.
A Child Whom Heaven Acknowledges
Just as the fortune of heaven and earth turns silently, I hope that my heart will also turn anew and infinitely, but why can it not do so? It is because we are forgetting that the power and love of heaven and earth are connected, and that the standard of the principle of the Heavenly Way is connected.
Therefore, we today, in our lives, must know Jesus in the same way that Jesus knew God. And just as the glory of Jesus' own body returned to Heaven because he knew God's grief, we must have at least the heart to follow Jesus so that through me, my glory can be returned to Jesus. If we do not know Jesus when he follows God and knows the heart of God's love, where will Jesus' fateful desire be fulfilled? You must think about this today.
Today, you may say that you live for Jesus moment by moment. You must be able to exist for all nations and all peoples. You must become a multitude that can sing of Heaven's glory and return glory to Heaven as the masters of all things, eternally feeling the flow and the heart of the Heavenly Way until the end of the age of history.
If this is Jesus' hope, then my own self must return glory to Heaven in place of Jesus.

190

Let Us Participate in the Glory that God Acknowledges

Therefore, you must now be able to practice in reality, not in a dream, what is like a dream. God's desire is to conclude such a will. The demand and the hope that were deeply embedded in the hearts of God and Jesus are appearing through you. If there is a person on earth who truly believes in Jesus, who can become a representative of the Father and a representative of Jesus by following the internal heart of God through the heart of Jesus, then God will acknowledge him just as He acknowledged Jesus, and at the same time that God acknowledges him, Jesus and the Holy Spirit will also acknowledge him. And at the same time that Jesus and the Holy Spirit acknowledge him, the heavenly hosts and angels connected to Jesus and the Holy Spirit will acknowledge him. However, people today do not know this gift of glory as a gift.
To Return the Glory of Victory
Jesus was acknowledged only by God, but we will be acknowledged by God, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit, and the tens of thousands of saints in heaven will acknowledge us. Therefore, if I can know the celestial God on earth, I can be recognized by Heaven through Jesus and the Holy Spirit, all the way to the spirit world. For that reason, my own self must stand within this sphere of recognition and become people who can understand the heart of God who has been carrying out the providence for 2,000 years through Jesus.
The ideology of God's providence must appear through you. When we think about this, we are a blessed multitude. We must know that we are in a more blessed position than when Jesus went to the cross.
Jesus died alone for God. However, we must be able to die for God and for Jesus and the Holy Spirit. Thus, we must become beings whom the tens of thousands of saints can guard on our path and whom they can welcome. I have realized, so, Father, please work so that the tens of thousands of saints can be comforted through me today. You must become such people. At that time, you must know that you can represent the entire providence of Heaven and manifest the glory of victory.

191

<Prayer> Father! Those who claim to believe have repeatedly exuded only a foul odor before the Father, yet they have not realized it themselves. Father! Please allow me to know my own self by connecting to the celestial heart, and please allow me to know my own self by connecting to the will of the earthly providence.
Please allow me to know for myself the one will of glory where the celestial and the earthly are joined, and, Father, love the children gathered here today, and please allow them to even fathom the Father's urgent heart that wants to speak. Please allow us the heart to face Heaven centered on the Father, and let us know the course of the eternal Father's life, so that we may become children who know Heaven and admire Heaven's glory. We earnestly hope and desire this.
May all the children gathered on this day receive the power of love flowing from the Father, and please allow them the relative blessing so that when the Father moves, we also move, and when the Father is still, we also can be still. Please allow us to relieve the Father's entire concern and to represent the entire historical providence through us.
Thus, by building the Father's eternal kingdom that can control the celestial and terrestrial worlds, let God know, let Jesus, the Father, the Son, and the tens of thousands of saints know, and let all the saints on earth also know.
Please allow us to establish a decisive victory by putting forth the glory of the Father's knowledge as the condition of victory and defeating the power of Satan. We earnestly hope and desire this. We have offered all these words in the name of the Lord. Amen. *

13)

Let Us Manifest the Value of Restoration

Acts 1:6-11
<Prayer (I)> Father of love! After being protected in the Father's bosom of love for three days, may Your glory be with the heads of the multitude of children who have gathered this evening to bow their bodies and minds before You again in worship. May the Father's hand of love, which has been working in the providence while enduring, also appear, and please allow a moving of the heart to arise in them, so that all people cannot help but worship, and thereby, please allow this to be a time when they can meekly and humbly bow down and worship the Father.
Father, we have been facing the will that allowed us to live in the Father's bosom for three days, but we know that there were many times when our minds and bodies were not in a state where the will was permitted. If there are any conditions for which we are lacking and can be accused before heaven and earth, or before Satan, please block those conditions again at this time with the power of the Father's love, and please remove them with Your hand of power, Father, we earnestly hope and desire.
Please make our hearts and bodies thirsty, and please allow this to be a time when we can admire the love that was submerged in the celestial world, and please lead this to be a time when we can be offered as one offering with which Heaven can be pleased, loving Father, we earnestly hope and desire.
Please take charge so that the bodies and minds of all the children gathered here may become offerings on the altar with which the Father can be pleased, and please guide them so that they can become children worthy of being personally taken by the Father.
July 18, 1956 (Wednesday), Former Headquarters Church.

193

Thus, please allow this to be a time when we can receive all of the Father's words of counsel and words of command without exception.
Please take charge so that there are no those who receive the Father's admonition and gift of love reluctantly, and please lead this to be a precious time when the whole can become one in place of the Father's heart with one mind and one joy, Father, we also earnestly hope and desire.
Father, if there are any personal circumstances centered on the self among those who have come before Your honored presence, please discern them with Your eyes like flames of fire and help them to overcome them, and please guide them to arouse a heart of peace and gratitude and to realize the Father's existence. Thus, please allow a moving work of history to appear so that they can repent by frankly confessing their own shortcomings.
Father, please let our hearts and bodies move with that emotion, and let the whole move, and please allow this one hour to be a time when we ourselves can be offered as an offering of gratitude and an offering of glory to the Father, we earnestly hope and desire.
Now, please give the Father's words to each of us individually, and if there are any elements of sin in each of our hearts and bodies, please take charge so that this may be a time when we can lay them all before the Father and settle them, and please allow us to be embraced in the Father's bosom of love, at least for this hour, and to resemble the Father's gentle nature.
Please allow us to resemble the Father's peaceful nature, and please guide this to be a time when we can sing of the Father's glory with a heart of emotion and inspiration filled with tears, and offer praise before the Father's honored presence, Father, we earnestly hope and desire.
Father, we know that this is a day when numerous denominations worship with us on behalf of the nation, so please grant Your merciful love wherever they gather, so that the ignorant people may open their hearts and be awakened to comprehend the one life that the Heavenly Way demands and the urgent heart of love that Heaven intends to establish, and may such children appear in many places and raise the flames of love.

194

Let Us Manifest the Value of Restoration

Please work so that such flames of life may appear on the whole earth.
Father! Please exert the power of salvation upon this nation, so that the Abel's altar representing the nation may be equipped with the conditions of victory and can be offered as a victorious Abel's altar that can restore the whole, and please guide us to be able to build the altar that Heaven demands, Father, we earnestly hope and desire.
Also, Father, please be with the small group of people who are standing on a lonely path and at this time are offering worship with all their heart, body, and devotion toward Heaven. We know that they are a group who are offering worship, realizing that the mission entrusted to them in the last days is great, so, Father, please lead them so that not even one life may fall into the temptation of Satan. The entire group that gathers are those who have been chosen in the Father's providence of love, so please do not abandon even one life, and please protect them so that they do not become children who bring sorrow to the Father by being toyed with by Satan, loving Father, we earnestly hope and desire.
We know that on this day as well, there are many children who are building an altar of atonement in secret on behalf of all people at a hidden altar with an urgent heart for Heaven. And we know that there are many sorrowful children who are crying out in place of the Father's heart in caves, or on mountains or in the wilderness, so, Father, please also reveal to them the will of the promise made in the last days.
Please send down the gift that You have permitted, so that this nation may quickly
Please allow us to build an altar of glory where we can bend our knees, and by creating one altar to represent all the altars of this people, allow them to go forth holding the beacon of eternal truth in heaven and on earth. Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.

Father! I know that to prepare for this work, I must guard a hidden altar. Please, quickly allow a large multitude to gather, and quickly allow this people to attend to Father. I earnestly hope and desire that You will lead them to reveal Father's glory by adding joy upon joy.

I earnestly hope and desire that You will take charge and guide this evening from the first hour to the last, so that not even one life is dragged away as a sacrifice to Satan.



I have prayed in the name of the Lord. Amen.

<Prayer (II)> When we realize that the course to fulfill one will was a lonely course unknown to all people, and when we think that the 21-year life that Jacob walked remains as the path of our faith, we know that tears and sighs are embedded in every step of his toil.

Father, those gathered here today are a multitude who have set out to walk the path of the will, taking as a model the course of Jacob who walked toward the house of Laban with the wilderness of Haran before him. Please have compassion on them and become their friend.

Please protect the path they are to go.

We know that many Satans are blocking the path before us. We know that the power of darkness is blocking it, so, beloved Father! Please allow only one unchanging center, like iron stone, to remain in the hearts of the children who intend to walk, taking the course that Jacob walked as a model. Please allow them to be children who can run, forgetting all physical conditions, with a single-minded devotion to the heavenly will in their hearts.

Therefore, a path remains where we must fight while enduring until we can return the final song of triumph to Father. O Heaven! Please grant us strength, grant us power, and grant us in this place the grace to see the glory of the angels of heaven ascending and descending the ladder that was let down from heaven to the end of the earth, inheriting the lonely heart of Jacob.

Please allow them to know that there is a heaven that cooperates with them to the end, and allow them to know the heart of Father's endurance, so that they may fight to the end and be victorious as champions of the fight, as champions of endurance, until the day when Father's eternal will is fulfilled. Beloved Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.

Now I have entrusted everything. Please know the earnest heart with which we wish to speak to Father, and please accept all of this with a loyal heart. We desire to be offered as a sacrifice united as one in body and mind, so please grant us the grace to be offered entirely as a sacrifice. Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.



Let Us Manifest the Value of Restoration


Father! Please allow this time to be a time when we can all be grateful for the grace You have allowed, and please block all private assertions. Please do not let us become a groaning multitude with conditions for Satan's accusation, but let this be a time when we can offer ourselves as a sacrifice of meekness and humility, upholding the glory of victory, as a sacrifice of victory to heaven with all our heart and body. Beloved Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.

We have completely offered our hearts and bodies before Father, so please preside over everything with the glory of victory. I earnestly hope and desire that You will allow us to share the grace of joy at this time, and I have spoken in the name of the Lord. Amen.

<Prayer (III)> Father! Please allow each person to realize that when one person's heart fails to find its center before heaven, the effect on the entire congregation is great. Please allow us to know that if my own self is insignificant and Satan plays with it, the entire prepared altar cannot be offered to Father.

We know that if the history of heaven appears and brings about a history of division, those who do not hold the center will go the way of Cain, and those who hold the center will stand in the way of Abel. Please allow there to be many Abel-like beings in this one gathering, and do not allow them to join the Cain-like position.

Father! At this time, we must bring about a history of division, so please allow each person to brighten their own heart, and establish a center in our hearts to help us stand on the right side of heaven.

Please do not let us have the heart of one who stands on the left and peeks at the right, but help us to be those who can be meek and humble toward the place where heaven rejoices and surrender to Father in silence. Father, I earnestly hope and desire that You will allow us to devote all our energy to harmonize with the heavenly center.

This evening, allow Your beloved children to receive and bear the word of life, and may heaven deliver a new fiery word to our bodies and minds, so that each of us may realize what position we are in.



Thus, help us to find the heart of that one day when heaven rejoices, and help us to establish a fitting body, so that we may be allowed to stand as beings of joy before Father's altar. I earnestly hope and desire this.

This evening, I wish to speak the word as You allow before these young children. O Father, please reveal the appropriate word, and may Your will and desired hope be fulfilled in this one hour.

Please remove all evil hearts from us and allow us to receive the glorious spirit of life that can rejoice on the foundation of a good heart.

At this time, may the heart of the one who speaks the word and the heart of the one who receives it resemble the image of the Father, so that they may form one shape and have a time of giving and receiving. Thus, I earnestly hope and desire that You will allow this to be a precious time when heaven can harmonize through us.

I earnestly ask that You preside over everything with the fire of the Holy Spirit, and I have prayed in the name of the Lord, who is full of love. Amen.

<Sermon> At this time, I will speak on the title, "Let Us Manifest the Value of Restoration," centering on the words of Acts 1:6 and below.

Jesus Who Came with the Mission of World Restoration

Where is God's purpose in trying to save fallen human beings? As you well know, it is to restore to human beings their original state of creation. Numerous prophets and sages who first realized God's will have come through each era, taking responsibility for this purpose of restoration and striving toward this one goal to fulfill that will. That is, the 4,000-year history before Jesus came was such a history, the course of Jesus' 30-odd years of life on this earth was a course to fulfill that purpose, and the history of struggle with the Holy Spirit for 2,000 years after his death was also a course of struggle to fulfill this one purpose.

The purpose for which Jesus came to this earth was for the restoration of history, and



Let Us Manifest the Value of Restoration


he came with the mission of his own restoration and, furthermore, the restoration of the world. Therefore, the words of the gospel that Jesus spoke when he came to this earth were words to restore the history of Israel in the past, words to restore his own 30-odd years of life, and furthermore, words to restore all of humanity.

For this reason, until today, human beings have been going through the course of history, sharing in the providence of restoration through the words that Jesus left behind.

Furthermore, today, centering on the words of the New Testament that Jesus gave 2,000 years ago, you must take on the form of a loyal subject who can pay indemnity for the past 6,000 years of history and represent the eternal life to come, and find the victorious value that can restore your own self, restore history, and restore the future. If you cannot do so, the words of the gospel that Jesus Christ left as words of life to restore all people and as the gospel that represented the 4,000 years of history and his own 30-odd years of life when he came to this earth will not bear any fruit.

Today, you must become children who can resolve the resentment of Jesus, who represented the 4,000 years of history, and you must become children who complete the mission of Jesus' own restoration, who sought to establish a new ideology of restoration before all people through his 30-odd years of life and build a victorious foundation for heaven, and the mission for which he toiled for 2,000 years with the Holy Spirit.

Thus, you must return the glorious restoration of victory to Father from the position of representing history, and you must return glory to Father with a value greater than the value of Jesus' entire life, who went through a victorious life.

Furthermore, just as Jesus has been carrying out the 2,000-year history of the providence of salvation by proclaiming the new words of the gospel, today you must receive new words from heaven again, conclude the great work of the entire restoration, and leave it for all generations to come. You must not forget for a moment that this mission remains for you today.

Did Jesus himself carry out his work by revealing everything before human beings to accomplish God's history of restoration?



No, he did not. We know well through the Principle that until now, Jesus has been carrying out the history of restoration without being able to reveal the concrete content of the providence of restoration.

He has been carrying out the history of restoration to fulfill the will of heaven on this earth through symbolic words of testimony while hiding himself, and he has been carrying out the history of the providence of restoration without revealing all of heaven's glory before human beings. Therefore, we must know the inner heart of Jesus, who promoted the history of restoration without clearly revealing the concrete content of the providence.

The Reason Jesus Could Not Express His Inner Heart

Then, what must you know today to possess the glory of restoration?

First, through your life, you must know the hidden value of restoration that Jesus could not reveal, and next, through your heart, you must know the hidden value of restoration that Jesus could not reveal. Then, you must know the hidden content of the restoration of Jesus, who could not reveal the value of eternal life.

And what must we know when God intends to complete the glory of restoration on behalf of the heavenly law?

We must know what content Jesus kept hidden deep in his heart during his 30-odd years of life and could not speak of or reveal to all people.

If you do not know this content, you will not be able to manifest the value of the entire restoration, representing heaven and earth, from the earth to the heavens.

If we look at the words of the gospel that Jesus revealed today, there is no concrete content of Jesus' life in them. Then, what did Jesus allude to? He alluded to one aspect of his hidden life through a life of service. That is, although he was a son of glory who could be exalted,



Let Us Manifest the Value of Restoration


he lowered his glorious self and entered under the feet of many sinners to serve, thereby revealing one hidden aspect. Also, Jesus revealed a hidden aspect in his heart that he could not tell anyone through a life of silence.

Jesus could not express his inner heart even to his twelve disciples who followed him.

Then why could Jesus not reveal such a secret? It was because Jesus knew that even if he had a heavenly secret in his heart, if he revealed it when there was no one to understand it, he would be played with by Satan, so he could not reveal it. That is, although Jesus had a sad and anxious heart to keep what he had learned from the Father to himself and transfer it to human beings, because there was no one to understand and listen to his heart, he could not reveal the heavenly secret to human beings, and he could not reveal the hidden aspect of his heart to human beings.

Thus, Jesus went to the pinnacle of the cross and was interrogated under the charge of being the self-proclaimed king of the Jews before the teachers of the law and Pilate. At that time, Jesus remained silent, and only when Pilate asked, "Are you the king of the Jews?" did he finally reveal himself.

The good and righteous people on heaven's side should have known it as the glory of their lives to worship Jesus as their king, but Jesus was interrogated in the name of a prisoner before Pilate. When he was thus interrogated by Satan in an unavoidable position, he opened his mouth, which had been silent in a position representing God's sorrow, and confessed the truth as it was.
When we see this, we can know that no matter how much it is the history of heaven, if Satan reveals the facts about the heavenly side and questions them, the heavenly side cannot but reveal its hidden heart, and also on Satan's side, if the saints on God's side expose the hidden secret heart of Satan, they cannot but reveal it and report it directly.

Jesus, having in himself the content of restoration that he could not reveal to anyone, not only promoted the providence of the heavenly law through silent service in his daily life, but also showed the hidden content of restoration by standing in the position of a pioneer more than anyone else in its practical aspect. Therefore, you must be people who can break through the heart of Jesus, which can represent this ideology of restoration, and question, "Isn't your heart like this?"

You must know the secret of the hidden providence with the help of the Holy Spirit

If such a person does not appear, you must know for sure that the secret of the providence hidden in Jesus' heart cannot be revealed on this earth, no matter how much history passes.

And today, you must know the secret of the restoration that Jesus revealed through his life, and you must know the content of the restoration in his heart. Only then can you stand confidently before God and confidently before Satan, that is, you can become one who has completed the restoration of a victorious life.

Jesus indemnified 4,000 years of history through his 30-odd years of life and completed the center of restoration on behalf of all things in heaven and on earth. However, until today, there has been no one who could inherit the completed value of Jesus, that is, the secret of the heart that Jesus held and the value of Jesus' unknown life.

So, who appeared with the internal secret and life secret of Jesus instead? It was the Holy Spirit.

Today, you believe in the words of Jesus' gospel, but you cannot be restored by believing in the words themselves. What is needed there is that the Holy Spirit cooperates with my life and lives with me.

Therefore, just as Jesus went through the course of sacrificial service, you too must go through such a course to the peak of the cross, and only then will the life secret that Jesus had hidden be revealed through Jesus and the Holy Spirit. Also, the internal secret that he had in his heart is revealed in that way.

Let's reveal the value of restoration

Therefore, we must know that there can be no true life unless we become one with the heart of the Holy Spirit through a life in which the Holy Spirit cooperates, so that our hearts and lives become one, and we establish a relationship in which Jesus and the Holy Spirit are one, centered on me as an individual.

In this way, today, with the help of the Holy Spirit, we are in the important process of fulfilling the content of the restoration that was hidden in the life aspect of Jesus and the content of the restoration that was hidden in his heart. Therefore, we who are in such a process must have a standard of forming a trinity centered on Jesus, with the Holy Spirit and I becoming one, just as Jesus and the Holy Spirit became one, in order to create a flat foundation for God's victorious foothold on this earth.

And even if you are living a life with the help of Jesus and the Holy Spirit in finding the content of the true life that is treasured, that life is only a part of restoring the whole life. This is because the secret of the restoration of the whole life still remains a heavenly secret. Therefore, even if the content of the life value is completed to some extent through Jesus and the Holy Spirit, it is not concluded with that alone. There is still a hidden part of life that God has not revealed through Jesus and the Holy Spirit.

What we need

For us today, who must complete the value of the overall restoration, we must show the value of the secret of Jesus' life to many people, and at the same time, we must represent the value of the secret that Jesus had, and we must have the universal life value of Jesus and the Holy Spirit combined recognized by God again.

Then, what state are you in today? You have a heart that wants to love Jesus, but you are not loving him properly. Therefore, you must learn the content of the love that God could not love Jesus as much as the value of the labor that Jesus and the Holy Spirit worked together to make humans love God, and the service and serving life that they continued to live.

Now, if you do not know and fulfill the content of such love, you cannot resolve the deep-seated resentment of heaven and complete the remaining history of restoration of God on this earth.

Then, what is needed for us now, who are heading toward the purpose of the providence of life restoration and growth restoration through the course of Jesus' 3-year public life, the course of the cross, and the course of cooperation in which Jesus and the Holy Spirit have worked together for 2,000 years since his ascension? It is that we must establish a center of love where our hearts and the hearts of Jesus and the Holy Spirit can unite and work as one, following the standard of goodness of this heart with which God loved Jesus and the Holy Spirit and embraced and loved the entire universe for 6,000 years. If you cannot become like that, you cannot have a relationship with God's love that can complete the value of the entire life and glory by completing the life restoration, heart restoration, and life restoration.

To have a relationship of love with God

Then, what should we do today to have a relationship with such love of God? We must go through the content of the center of the entire life that Jesus walked, and we must go through the heart that has labored for humanity for 2,000 years until now.

That is, we must go through the internal heart of Jesus who was anxious for all people in the course of history, and we must go through the internal heart of the Holy Spirit who has worked since Jesus' ascension until now, and we must be able to sympathize with and feel the sorrowful internal heart of God who has been providentially working for 6,000 years since creation and is also working to achieve the ideal world to come. If you cannot become like that, you cannot complete the value of the overall restoration centered on God's love that can represent the glory of the life that will remain forever. You must keep this in mind.

Therefore, you must go the same way that Jesus walked and the Holy Spirit did. Also, you must follow the course that the apostles walked, that is, the life of the apostles who lived solely for God, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit, forgetting even the consciousness that they themselves existed.

Only when you go through such a course will you be able to control your heart and your life, and your life will overflow and be connected to God's love. Also, the love of Jesus will be revealed through me, and the love of the Holy Spirit will come to my life's field. You must know this for sure.

<Prayer> Loving Father! In the one place where tears and tears exchange, please let the reason of heavenly law, which cannot be broken even if one tries to break it, flow.

We know that where the affection of heavenly law flows, the bond of life is connected and the bond of love that was hidden in heaven is revealed, and we also know that it is the law of heavenly law that it must be connected through the earth.

Father, we also know that the garden of complete restoration that heaven desires is a garden of love, a garden of victory, and a garden of glory, and in order to achieve such a garden, I myself must not only find again the life, love, and glory that God can be pleased with through a life of service, but also discipline myself.

We must know the heart of Jesus and the heart of the Holy Spirit, who could not reveal all the will of heavenly law to humans even though they had it in their hearts, and who could not speak to humans even though they had an anxious heart to convey, and who have been looking forward to humans resolving that anxious heart and situation, and we must become a group that knows the situation and heart of the Father who has left a part to be spoken through Jesus. Not only that, but we did not know that there is a remaining history that must be revealed by knowing and resolving these things, saying to heaven, "Isn't this the hidden secret will of the Father?"

Therefore, today, when we think that the responsibility to complete even the work that Jesus left on the earth rests on us, we know that we must reveal the desire of the internal heart hidden in God that the Holy Spirit, Jesus, and today's billions of creatures, and the people who have sacrificed to fulfill the will of the providence until now, do not know, while the three divine beings cooperate. And when we expose, "Wasn't this the earnest desire of the Father's heart that he could not speak of?" we can receive the utmost love that was cherished in the Father's heart, and thereby we must become people who can show the center of love that we receive from the Father to all people.

Father, now that we have received the Father's love, please allow us to take responsibility for this work and handle it. My Father, I earnestly hope and desire.

We know that only when this work is done can the desire in Jesus' heart be resolved, and the desire of the Father who has been leading the providence and laboring for 6,000 years can also be resolved.

Therefore, Father! Please establish through us the standard of the ideal of restoration that you have cherished since creation. And by building the millennial kingdom on that standard and advancing to the Father's ideal sphere, please allow the people on this earth to fully receive the Father's internal heart that will extend for billions of years forever and ever.

As beings who represent heaven and earth, please guide us to complete the complete restoration without leaving any condition that can be accused by Satan. Please allow us to become children who can find all the glory of the Father's entire value through us. Loving Father, I earnestly hope and desire.

Until now, we have been struggling in such a trivial place. We were those who fought to assert ourselves even when dealing with one person, and we were those who fought to reveal ourselves even in a gathering. However, Jesus knew that God could not reveal his dignity before all things and all creation, and thinking of God's face, he did not dare to step forward and bowed his head with a humble heart, and we also know that he was single-minded in pioneering the path of a model before his enemies, so please allow us to go such a path with joy.

Just as Jesus, who knew that humans could not resolve the resentment that was deep in the Father's heart, comforted the Father rather than his own comfort, we too must now become true filial sons and daughters who know and can comfort the heart of Jesus. Loving Father, please lead us. I earnestly hope and desire.

Please let us know and reveal to us through Jesus and the Holy Spirit the sorrowful heart that the Father has hidden for 6,000 years. And by comforting the Father's heart, please guide us to become the main characters of restoration who can represent the glory of victory, Father, I earnestly hope and desire.

Please allow us to know that such a thing will not be completed unless we become the main characters of victory in life, in heart, in life force, and in the course of love that humans do not know, and please allow us to know that this work will not be completed unless we become the king of silence, and please allow us to know that this work will not be completed unless we win to the end in the fight against Satan.

Now, please lead us to go through the process of fighting from one to the whole and stand before God to receive the Father's heart as our heart, so that we can offer words of blessing, and create a bond of victory to represent the Father's will.

By returning all of ours to the Father and taking over the bad things as my own and fighting against Satan and winning, I will inherit the Father's glorious inheritance.
one who can, until he becomes one who has completely restored all things and is qualified as a victorious protagonist, Father, please protect him, and we earnestly hope and desire that the Holy Trinity will cooperate. I have prayed all these words in the name of the Lord. Amen. *

Let Us Find and Offer God's Eternal Ideal

1 Corinthians 13:1-13
<Prayer> Loving Father, we have come to know that it is Your lamentation that there is no one to end the history of struggle that remains as the resentment of heaven. The fundamental root of the fall, planted by human beings, must be pulled out by human beings, but despite the passage of a long history, human beings have not yet been able to pull out the fundamental root of that sin. Father, please allow us to pull it out.
We earnestly hope and desire that You allow all the people gathered here at this time to be deeply moved by the Father's heart and become one.
Please allow us to resemble the Father's sorrowful heart, and please allow us to newly possess the hope that the Father desires. Please allow us to become champions who appear representing heaven, who can take responsibility for the remaining history of resentment and fight against the myriad of enemies, Satan, and please allow us to become champions who can step forward representing the earth.
Please allow each person to take responsibility for the Father's will until a garden of joy can be established where we can bestow upon each other the heart of the eternal Father's love in the remaining battlefield. Loving Father, we earnestly hope and desire that You allow each and every one of us to become the Father's brave sons and daughters who can fight against Satan on behalf of the Father's entire will.
Please allow us to realize at this hour what sign in heaven our hearts are directed toward, and what sign in the entire universe our bodies are directed toward.
October 7, 1956 (Sunday), Former Headquarters Church.

Let Us Find and Offer God's Eternal Ideal

Father, we earnestly hope and desire that You allow us to become children of joy who can resolve the Father's resentment.
Our bodies and minds have not yet been embraced in the Father's bosom, so Father, please admonish us and work with power to set the direction of our hearts straight. Please set the direction of our hearts toward the heavenly nature, and please allow us to go the path of hope that the Father desires.
Please allow our bodies and minds to experience the grace of the Father's joy, and please bring about the work of re-creation centering on us. Thus, by fighting and winning against the root of sin, please allow us to become children who can experience the Father's love and return glory to the Father. Loving Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
Father, please do not let the children gathered at this hour be caught in the accusations of the myriad of Satan, and please allow them to be offered as offerings of glory on the Father's altar. Loving Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
Now, as we prostrate ourselves before the Father, please allow us to be aware of our own shortcomings and confess them ourselves as we face the Father's majestic, holy image. Please allow us to become children who are meek and humble offerings, who surrender before the Father's gift of atonement, and who appear like the prodigal son who found the Father. We earnestly hope and desire this.
Please do not let the crowds who have come shed tears of lamentation, and do not let them walk a path that Satan scoffs at. Please be with us for this one hour so that our hearts and bodies may be captured by the Father, and by touching the eternal gift of life, the gift of resurrection, and the gift of love, Father, please allow this to be a time when we can be offered as one ideal offering of joy. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
Father, this day was a holy day, a day of promise to give blessings to all people, so please allow the gift of joy to be with every holy temple gathered on behalf of the 2.4 billion people of humankind. Now that we have reached the last days, please pour out the fire of the Holy Spirit like water, so that Your chosen children may unite as one and fight against this dark world. Please work so that they can do so, and please allow them to become Your sons and daughters who will defeat all evil on behalf of the resentful heart of 6,000 years. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
First, please bless the 3,000 altars representing the 30 million people, and on behalf of the 3,000 altars, please allow Your sons and daughters who intend to live with all their sincerity, heart, and loyalty to the Father to become offerings to the eternal Father. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
Now, in the remaining battlefield, please do not let us become indebted to the Father, and please allow us to be able to handle the eternal gift of victory. Father, we earnestly hope and desire that You allow us to establish the Father's will with the heart of an indomitable warrior until we can build an ideal garden on earth that can manifest the heart of the Father's blessing.
This evening, there are many children who could not attend this place. Wherever they may be, Father, please work in a uniform way, and proclaim Your will that You wish to accomplish in the last days to all nations, so that they may build an altar of joy where heaven and earth can be in harmony.
Earnestly asking that You allow them to become Your children who devote all their strength, heart, and energy to accomplish only the Father's will, I have prayed all these words in the name of the Lord. Amen.
<Sermon> The title of the sermon I would like to give at this time is "Let Us Find and Offer God's Eternal Ideal." I will speak for a short while under this title, "Let Us Find and Offer God's Eternal Ideal."

God's Ideal of Creation
When God Himself began the history of creation on this dark earth, the one standard He established was to establish the ideal form remaining in His own internal heart as one eternal, substantial being. Thus, you are well aware that He began the work of creation to establish this one substantial being and, while feeling that eternal joy, to live with one relative ideal, not two.
Among the created beings that God made through the toil of creation, He established one human being as the center of all ideals. However, because that one person came to stand in a position contrary to the hope that God originally demanded, a long history has passed since then, but they have become human beings who have no relationship with the ideal that God desired.
The historical course of seeking out that person again to achieve that one ideal was the course of providence, the course of salvation, and the course of pioneering.
The one ideal that God hoped for in His internal heart was an ideal that would extend to the whole of all creation, but because of the mistake of one person, that ideal could no longer be found in the whole of creation.
Therefore, what is the one central will that God has been trying to find by establishing the will of providence through the history of pioneering and the history of salvation until now? It is to establish a person and realize the ideal that He longed for in His internal heart, so that not only God Himself may enjoy it, but also that He desires to make that ideal of enjoyment the eternal ideal of human beings and return it as a condition of glory. God is working for this.
Therefore, we must now know that God in heaven is calling each one of you. God in heaven has been toiling until now, hoping that you yourselves will become a central body that realizes His ideal.
However, the ideal that God desires cannot be realized as long as we are in the realm of imperfection, as long as we cannot distinguish between God's will, human will, and Satan's will.
Whether you look to the left or to the right, or up or down, what must be accomplished is God's ideal. Therefore, you are well aware through the Principle that the multitude belonging to the left and the multitude belonging to the right, as well as all beings on earth and even the countless saints in heaven, are unknowingly admiring that one ideal.
On what day will God's new ideal of light appear in this dark world? What hour will that one hour be? When will that time be? While asking this, countless sages and wise men have unknowingly continued to pioneer that unknown path until today.
Therefore, now, after you have passed through the heart of God's bright ideal, you must possess the element of an unchanging, eternal ideal, so that you can say to them, "This is the hope that your heart longed for, and this is the ideal that you were aiming for." Thus, you must establish a foundation of joy that is realized through your heart, through your body, and through your environment. If you cannot establish such a foundation of joy, God's ideal cannot be found and established in the created world.

The Realization of God's Ideal and Human Responsibility
Then, where is the most important problem here? It is not in the created things that were made, nor is it in the spirit world. Also, it is not in the angels in heaven, but in you yourselves, who are the center of the whole, the one standard, the one core, and the protagonists of all things. Therefore, you must know that you yourselves are the center and the standard that determines God's ideal.
We must keep in mind that the joy of the one day when that one standard point, that one central point, appears in this world, which is oppressed by death, is our hope as we go through the historical course today, and it is the will of God's providence as He fights against numerous evil spirits.
Therefore, if I am now to live with a heart that admires God's ideal, I must first establish a self that can be in sympathy and harmony with God's internal heart. Thus, just as nature moves according to the law, our own hearts must move centered on the heavenly heart. And you must know that unless you establish a center of the heart that can connect this to the universal end point of heaven, God's eternal ideal cannot have an eternal relationship with the created world.

Let Us Find and Offer God's Eternal Ideal

Then, when we consider our own hearts and bodies, is there a wall that blocks the way between our hearts and heaven? Is there a wall that blocks the way between my heart and my body? Is there a wall that blocks the way between my body and all things? As long as there is such a wall, the eternal ideal of God has already broken its relationship with you.
Now we must open the doors of our hearts and remove all the sins of our bodies to establish a standard by which we can be in harmony. Thus, we must face God and achieve His ideal by receiving the natural gift of being unable not to feel the heavenly nature and unable not to act upon it.
However, because fallen human beings are at a great distance from that one standard, there is a history of toil to pull them up to that standard, and that is the history of the providence of restoration. We must deeply keep in mind that the history of providence to achieve that will is the history that has been led by sending prophets and saints until now.
Now, you must simply go forward. To do so, you must first possess the value of the body, which was created to symbolize all things, and the value of the heart, which was created as the center of the body on behalf of the heavenly nature. Thus, the internal heart of God, who is the center of all creation, the internal heart of God that springs from the heart of the center of the whole, must be able to appear as a single movement through our hearts, through our bodies, through the stage of our lives, and even to all things in the universe. We must accomplish all these things in our one body.

God and Human Relationship and Satan's Goal of Activity
God has worked for 6,000 years to pull human beings, who fell from God's dominion due to the fall, up to their original position. What was that history like? God created all things as a symbolic substantial object according to the principle of creation, and He created human beings as a figurative substantial object. Therefore, as long as such a single existent being is the ideal standard of our hearts, we have a relationship of oneness, not two, that cannot be separated from God.
Who is the being that blocks the relationships that human beings have and cuts off the path of connection? It is Satan, your enemy, the one you must fight against to establish an eternal victorious bond and bring him to natural subjugation. However, as long as God's ideal garden is not realized today or tomorrow, and as long as the ideal of hope that God desired is not realized throughout the entire cosmos through my mind and body, that Satan will not be eliminated.

However, God has an ideal for our minds, an ideal for our bodies, and an ideal for all things. But Satan is fighting against this. Therefore, a day of hope must appear when we can take responsibility for and subjugate Satan on a worldwide level.

Because there is a condition established by that one Satan, God's ideal has no relationship with us until it is removed. That is why God established a master who could stand against Satan and be victorious in order to realize His own ideal, and that person was Jesus Christ.

However, today the gate that connects from all things to the body, from the body to the mind, and from the mind to the heavens is blocked. The ones who have been carrying out the history of breaking through and connecting the blocked gates of this demanding mind and body, and of the demanding counterpart, are Jesus and the Holy Spirit.

Then, what was the unchanging purpose for which Jesus came to this earth? It was to realize God's ideal, no matter what. First was to restore the human mind and restore the body, and then to restore the world of all things. Jesus came with this overall ideology and overall ideal, but because the chosen people of Israel did not believe, he established only the mind-centered ideal, representing God's mind-like character, and departed.

Therefore, we must know the life and history of Jesus until the time when that mind-centered ideal, that is, the spiritual ideal, is established.

<014214>

Let Us Find and Offer God's Eternal Ideal

Jesus showed us the path of mind-centered victory to realize the ideal that God desires, that is, the path to be victorious over Satan. Therefore, when we rely on Jesus and seek the ideal, we are not seeking an ideal within a certain time frame, but we are seeking God's eternal ideal. It is a mission to fulfill the character that Jesus possessed, the hope that Jesus brought, the ideology that Jesus believed in, the life that Jesus had, and the love that Jesus had. Furthermore, it was not a temporary mission but a mission representing eternity. You must know that Jesus was the one who fought to accomplish such a mission.

Then, what should we, who are now seeking and trying to realize God's ideal, have today? We must have God's eternal elements. This is because even though the times and ages may change, God's eternal substance does not change.

Therefore, you must know that the ideal that God has is also an eternal ideal. For that reason, the final ideal that human beings must seek today is the eternal ideal that God desires. Now, you must fight today, you must fight tomorrow, and you must fight by dedicating your lives until the day you make that eternal ideal that God desires your own.

Faith, Hope, Love, and Life Established by Jesus

Jesus came to this earth and fought to establish eternal faith on behalf of the unbelieving people of Israel in seeking God's eternal ideal. Throughout the course of history, numerous people have come forward believing in God. However, the limit of their hope and faith was confined to their own individuals. But Jesus alone did not establish faith and hope as his own faith and hope. As long as it was established as God's eternal ideal, he dedicated his life to establishing a faith that could be equipped with the elements of that ideal, that is, eternal faith.

What was the one center that Jesus desired throughout his thirty-some years of life? Until that time, in the 4,000-year course of history, numerous prophets and saints had established standards of faith, but their faith did not go beyond national limits and did not go beyond worldwide limits. Therefore, the center of his life was to go beyond such standards and to realize God's eternal ideal, to establish eternal faith.

Therefore, Jesus' faith was not for the purpose of his own salvation. His own salvation was not the purpose, nor was it the purpose to save only this earth. He knew the heart of God who has been providentially guiding everything from the origin of history, through its course, and to a certain end point in the future, and he intended to restore all of it.

Also, in order to find and establish God's eternal ideal, Jesus first fought with Satan to establish an eternal standard, an eternally unchanging standard, that was unprecedented in history. Because he was such a Jesus, you must know that he was able to establish the condition of eternal faith before God who was seeking the eternal ideal.

Therefore, if you want to hold on to Jesus, you must first know that the will of the entire historical human race is involved in the one person of Jesus. He was the only one who could integrate the faith of the numerous believers in the 4,000-year course of history, or the faith of all humankind at that time. Not only that, but he was the one who came with a single standard, an eternally unchanging center, that could represent the future history for all ages and integrate the faith of all humankind.

Therefore, we must follow the example of Jesus' faith. And you must know that Jesus was the one who spent his thirty-some years on this earth to establish a foothold of an eternally unchanging, firm faith, a standard of God's eternal hope, transcending the individual, transcending society, transcending the nation, transcending the world, and transcending the cosmos. When we believe in Jesus, we must resemble the Jesus who established the standard of eternal faith, which was unprecedented in history.

<014216>

Let Us Find and Offer God's Eternal Ideal

Next, we must inherit Jesus' hope. Jesus' hope was not his own personal hope. It was a hope that absorbed all the hopes that numerous ancestors of all ages had long hoped for. He also possessed a hope that represented the eternal hope of God that pervaded heaven and earth. Thus, you must know that Jesus was able to represent our hope because he established the center of hope that could realize God's eternal ideal, which no one in history had ever had.

That is not all. Jesus established faith toward heaven, was equipped with hope, and was equipped with the bond of life and the bond of love. Thus, he went through a course of struggle for thirty-some years to establish his hope as an eternal hope and his life as an eternal life.

However, the reason Jesus felt the value of life in the course of his life was because he received the eternal life element of God, who exists eternally and is the center of life, representing the entire created world. Because Jesus was the owner of this eternal life, no action of Satan's power could reach him. Also, the love that Jesus established was not a love that could remain within the limited sphere centered on oneself, like the love that people have today. It was an unchanging love that could die to realize the eternal ideal of God. Therefore, at that time, Jesus' heart of loving God in heaven could represent all people. You must know that Jesus possessed a heart of unchanging love, representing God's mind-centered eternal ideal and all the people of the universe, for the first time in heaven and on earth.

Right Faith in Jesus

Today, we are inheriting the will of the providence that Jesus established with faith, hope, life, and love. We must realize the will of salvation that was established through such a course of toil. We must also follow the example of the course in which he set a standard of redemption by burning his own body with the shield of the cross.

<014217>

Furthermore, we who are in a limited sphere today must think about the life of Jesus who spent thirty-some years sorrowfully, longing for not only faith in the infinite God, but also the infinite God's hope, the infinite God's life, and the infinite God's love. You must know the fact that Jesus, the protagonist of the whole universe, the savior of all people, and the master of the earth, fought with his life at stake to establish the conditions to fulfill God's eternal ideal in all of hope and faith, life, and love.

And you must look at all things with such a heart of Jesus, and you must experience the same feelings that Jesus felt. You must also know that Jesus was one who fought while admiring such aspirations, such hope, and such an ideal. You should not just vaguely think of him as a historical figure who came and went 2,000 years ago. You must feel him as the Jesus who is in your heart and who is walking with you in your daily life today. You must once again re-recognize the life-giving element that can realize the eternal ideal of God. Thus, your faith must be comparable to Jesus' faith, your hope must be comparable to Jesus' great hope, and your life and love must also be comparable to those of Jesus.

You must follow the example of the center of Jesus, which represented all the ideal elements of God. You must inherit and fulfill the central heart with which Jesus fought to establish all of them, whether by faith, by hope, by life, or by love. If there is no one to fulfill that will, the will that Jesus came to this earth to fulfill but could not, due to his death on the cross, cannot be fulfilled. Because the course that Jesus could not walk remains, the will of the providence resides in our daily lives today.

Therefore, we must try to feel the character of Jesus through our bodies and try to feel the character of Jesus through all things. Thus, the character of Jesus and our character must unite and be able to conform to the eternal ideal of God that represents the entire cosmos.

Now, you must know what Jesus' death on the cross foretold.

<014218>

Let Us Find and Offer God's Eternal Ideal

That hill of the cross was a cross that accomplished eternal faith, a cross that made us experience and admonished us about God's eternal hope, and a cross that admonished us to also have God's eternal life and eternal love. And you must know that the way of salvation left behind through the history of redemption by the cross becomes a condition that can pass on to us Jesus' eternal faith, eternal hope, eternal life, and eternal love.

However, because the faith of Jesus, who came on behalf of all the people of the universe, did not appear in its entirety, that is, because the hope that he had hoped for on behalf of all humankind was not realized on a worldwide level, Jesus made a resentful appeal on the cross. It was the same with life and love. If at that time the faith that Jesus desired, the hope that Jesus desired, the life that Jesus desired, and the love that Jesus desired could have appeared, there would have been no resentful appeal on the cross.

What to Equip Through the Cross

Therefore, what is it that we must now equip ourselves with through the cross? We must have the eternal faith that Jesus Christ embraced, the eternal hope that Jesus Christ possessed, the eternal life that Jesus Christ lived, and the eternal love that Jesus Christ longed for. Today, we must not just attribute the eternal faith, eternal hope, eternal life, and eternal love established before the cross to Jesus alone.

We must carry his cross and possess his eternal faith as my faith, his eternal hope as my hope, and his eternal life and love as my life and love. Furthermore, we must have the elements of God's ideal that Jesus passed on, even while carrying the cross for humankind. Next, just as Jesus had a chief disciple to whom he could pass on eternal faith, eternal hope, eternal life, and eternal love, we must also have such a person.

<014219>

If the condition remains that the faith received from Jesus, the hope received from Jesus, and the life and love received from Jesus could not be fulfilled because of you, they will appear as conditions of judgment against you in the last days.

In the last days, God will come to you and the eternal will that Jesus Christ left behind will...
He will ask if you have paid the debt of faith of resentment. He will ask if you have paid the debt of hope, the debt of life, and the debt of love that Jesus Christ left behind. When you find yourselves in that position, you must do as Jesus Christ did when he said on the cross, "It is finished." Today, before Jesus Christ, we must be able to say, "I have fulfilled in my own body the eternal inheritance of God that you left behind." You must know that unless such a person appears on this earth, the ultimate will of God's providence cannot be completed.

In the 4,000-year course of history, Jesus established the central element that the eternal God had envisioned. Jesus and the Holy Spirit have been working until today to expand the spiritual and internal conditions of salvation to a global standard. Therefore, if we today fail to establish the eternal faith, hope, life, and love that can externally fulfill the internal ideal element of the eternal God, the 2,000-year providential will of Jesus Christ will come to nothing. You must know this.

Now you have entered the course of faith, seeking to feel God's heart by following Jesus' example. However, you must reflect on how much you believe. Are you perhaps believing within the realm of your own assertions, established by your own personal concepts? If there is a difference compared to the faith of Jesus Christ, who represented the entire cosmos, that difference will become a condition for judgment at the end of days.

What kind of hope do you have today? The hope you have conceptually is a hope for yourselves. You must testify to the hope of Jesus Christ as your hope. Thus, you must have the hope of Jesus Christ, which went beyond himself and represented God's eternal ideal.

220

Let Us Find God's Eternal Ideal

However, you must know that if your hope differs from the hope of Jesus Christ, that difference will become a condition for judgment at the end of days.

The same is true of life. If we have received life by believing in Jesus today, that life is not for our own survival. It is a life that must restore this nation and bring harmony to the tens of thousands of saints. It is a life that can represent the calm and composed heart of Jesus Christ, who represented God's eternity in the face of the cross and Satan's attacks.

Even when he was in the position of his life being taken on the cross, Jesus did not curse his enemies for their retaliation at all.

Jesus was not the person they thought they knew. He was the one who sought to feel God's eternal love while considering the heart of God who had fought against the enemy for humankind for 4,000 years. When you long for that limitless heart of Jesus, you will feel that it becomes the foundation of your faith.

Therefore, the intensity of Jesus' feeling for Heaven's love was something that could represent God's eternal ideal, which could overcome any criticism and any suffering on earth. You must know the fact that because Jesus stood in such a position, he forgot all about having to go the path of death due to the wrongdoing of his enemies and prayed for humankind.

The Love of the Cross

Today, you who have received God's limitless love and limitless life by believing in Jesus must reflect on what realm that life is in.

Because Jesus knew God's love, that is, the eternal and ideal love of God who created the whole universe and yearned to embrace it, he loved God more than he loved himself, his family, his nation, and the world on this earth.

221

Thus, you should consider that the love of the cross was left behind while feeling the heart that could love humankind and love God, forgetting any difficult things, in order to fulfill the providential will that they could not accomplish, representing all the many prophets and saints who came and went in the course of history, embracing the love of God which is the center of all love.

If there is a judgment at the end of days, when the love of God that flowed from God and was revealed through Jesus Christ reaches you, you must have a foundation of heart in yourselves that can receive that love and keep it eternally. If you do not have such a foundation of heart, you will not be able to stand proudly before God at the time of the final judgment.

Therefore, we must now know that before us lies the great and lofty hope and ideal of Christ. That great and lofty ideal came to appear on earth for the first time through Jesus Christ.

That is why today we believe in Jesus and seek to emulate him.

Even after going to the spirit world, Jesus is fighting against Satan on behalf of the world. In order to fulfill the eternal ideal of God, he is fighting against Satan on our behalf, together with the Holy Spirit and the tens of thousands of angels in heaven.

We must no longer hold the faith that was left to us, the hope that was hoped for us, the life that was demanded of us, and the love that was desired for us as only our love, our life, our hope, and our faith. You must keep in mind that if you hold them as only your own, the eternal ideal of God will have no relationship with you. (The rest of the sermon was not included due to the poor recording condition.) *

15)

Jesus is the Protagonist of the Cosmic Revolution

John 14:1-21
<Prayer (I)> Beloved Father! We know that the purpose of creation was for You to look upon the garden of life, that the ideal garden was the garden of truth that sings of Your glory, and that the original garden was a place where all things were to live in harmony before Your holy form, centered on eternal and unchanging love, revealing Your internal nature and external form, and being intoxicated by it.

Beloved Father, please allow us to feel the garden of hope that we long for at this time. Please allow us to experience the original garden, to admire it with our hearts and at the same time to move our bodies to worship, and to exalt the Father's will with our hearts and at the same time to offer our bodies as sacrifices.

We earnestly hope and desire that You will now entrust to us all the toil You have undertaken to find us, and that You, Father, will receive glory.

Father, do not abandon a single one of Your sons and daughters who have gathered here in loneliness, but first allow their hearts to be set ablaze with the Father's eternal life. And so, allow them to become one with the Father's heart of love. Please allow this to be a time when our bodies and minds become one with the Father's life, and the whole becomes one and is offered as a sacrifice. And so, we ask that You allow it to be a sacrifice without any shortcomings that the Father can joyfully receive. November 11, 1956 (Sun), Former Headquarters Church.

223

Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.

Father, please protect us. Please take responsibility for the work of discernment. Please do not allow this to be a time when Satan invades. Please allow us to be captivated only by the Father's will and to respond centered on the will You command, and please allow this to be a time when we can submit with our hearts and bodies here.

And so, we earnestly hope and desire, beloved Father, that this will be a time when we can lay bare all our shortcomings and all our unrighteous elements before the Father, confess them honestly and repent, and at the same time receive the Father's love.

Father, this day is a holy day, a day You promised to bless, so please bless the many altars that gather on behalf of this nation. There are also many children who are fighting at lonely altars on behalf of the Father's will, so please bestow upon them also the same grace.

Please allow the facts that You have foretold, shown, and testified to, to be revealed through them at the end of days. This nation is captive in darkness, so please reveal the Father's direct work that can more than awaken it, and may it be revealed at this time through the churches where the Father is moving, and through Your sons and daughters, beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire.

The promised end of days is near, and the time of grace You have permitted has come, but we are still imperfect, inadequate, and incomplete, so please lead us. Please do not let us be those who fail to uphold the Father's will that we should uphold and offer.

Please make us those who know how to prostrate ourselves before the Father, lamenting our own inadequacies. And so, please allow there to be many children of loyalty who uphold the true Father's will among the denominations that represent this nation.

And so, please allow us to unite the denominations that are divided into three and five, and please guide us to be able to represent the Father's overall grace. Please reveal to this nation the will that heaven has hidden, and we earnestly hope and desire, beloved Father, that the day of blessing when the Father can be pleased and proud of that will before the 2.4 billion people of humankind will come quickly.

224

Jesus is the Protagonist of the Cosmic Revolution

Father, please look with compassion on the multitudes of children gathered on this day. They are the ones who came because the Father said to come, and they are the children who have gathered because the Father drove them out onto a lonely path, so please guide them from front to back, from left to right, and from top to bottom.

Now, please allow there to be nothing in our hearts and bodies other than the will that the Father desires, please allow there to be no trace of Satan, and please allow there to be no remaining rootlets of sin.

We earnestly hope and desire that this one hour may be a time when, by adding sanctification to sanctification, we can prostrate ourselves as a humble multitude that is not arrogant before the Father's original nature, in the form of meekness, centered on perfect and complete goodness.

Father, we know that the sons and daughters who are scattered everywhere and fighting with the word are prostrate before the Father, so please protect them and bestow upon them the same grace at this time.

Father, since You have put us forward for this nation, admonished us, and cooperated with us, please allow us to boast that we are the sons and daughters of the living Father, and please allow us to testify that we are the sons and daughters who stand at the center of life.

Please testify to the fact that we are held in Your hand, and please awaken this nation so that we can rescue this nation from the clutches of Satan, we earnestly hope and desire.

And so, we earnestly hope and desire that You will establish us and lead us to the Father so that this nation may not be ashamed before the Father's overall will to grant a national grace.

From the beginning to the end, please allow our hearts and bodies to be moved by the will that the Father and the Holy Spirit rejoice in, and please receive this entire gathering as a sacrifice of glory, we earnestly hope and desire.

Please take charge of everything from beginning to end. We have prayed in the name of the Lord. Amen.

225

<Prayer (II)> Father! Many ancestors have shed their blood and fought until now to find and establish the one center of Zion, to pay off the debt of concern they caused before the Father.

Father! At this time, please allow the glory of Zion to come upon our hearts and bodies, and please allow the joy of Zion, where the Father can eternally dwell, to fill and overflow our hearts.

We know that if we become the sons and daughters of glory whose bodies and minds the Father can control, we have nothing more to wish for, and there is no greater hope than that.

However, if we are not held by the hand of the eternal Father's love, there will be no one on this earth as lonely and pitiful as we are, and no one as miserable.

Father! Please protect and raise up with life and love at this one hour Your sons and daughters who are weary of fighting, weary of persecution, and have been afflicted by difficult circumstances.

At this time, our broken bodies and minds have come before the Father as they are, so Father, please have compassion on us.
Please allow us, even for just this one hour, to heal the wounds we have sustained in battle, and please allow us, even for just this one hour, to know the taste of the love hidden in Father's heart. In this way, please allow this one hour to be a time in which we can resemble the heart of Heaven, a time in which all of us can sing centered on the glory of Heaven, a time in which all of us can rejoice centered on the glory of Heaven, and a time in which all of us can bow our heads for the sake of Heaven's will. My Father, I truly hope and desire this. Father! You were the one who drove us, your lonely children, onto a path where we were pushed to and fro, and You were the one who caused us to secretly cry out to Heaven from our wretched positions. Therefore, at this hour, please allow them to receive comfort. Behind the arduous course that Your sons and daughters who are prostrate in this place today have walked, there still remain bloody footprints, and tears of sorrow are aiding their prayers. Father, please look upon them with compassion.

Please allow us to cross over the hill of tomorrow's battle with the hope that we have from this day forward, the han that we have from this day forward, and inspired by the Father's love that we feel from this day forward. Please allow us to cross over the walls of curses from countless enemies as we walk the course of our lives. In this way, please allow only a heart of peace to be the center of our hearts. Please allow only a desperate heart for victory to be the center of our lives, so that we may not be lacking in stepping forward with the banner of battle on behalf of this people.

Please allow us to not be lacking in stepping forward with the victorious word that Heaven has permitted as our shield, and please allow us not to be ones who cherish old sorrows today and tomorrow. Please allow us to become sons and daughters who can more than defeat the accusing enemy, Satan, by being set ablaze by the eternal love of the Father. My beloved Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.

Father, You who guide this lonely platform, Your sons and daughters who are following You are also in a lonely and pitiful position. Today as well, please become the entirety of their lives, the entirety of their goodness, and the entirety of their hope, and comfort them, lead them, and love them.

We know that this is the time of the end, when the words of man are not needed, the word through man is not needed, and the will centered on man is not needed. We know that only the word of Father's love, which moves through the pulse of eternal life, is needed. Therefore, even if Your sons and daughters gathered on this day are in an unstable position where they cannot experience love, Father, please work, please watch over them with eyes like a flame, and please allow the core of joy hidden in our hearts to be revealed. Please allow us, who are seized by all kinds of fear, to become children who come before the Father and repent.

If there is anyone who is held by the Father's hand and knows how to be grateful for the Father's grace, please allow them to cherish such a heart without change. My holy Father, I earnestly hope and desire that you will allow us to become sons and daughters who are more than worthy of receiving the seal of being Your beloved sons and daughters.

Please bless the many altars that are gathered for this people today as well. We know that the voices of the saints who are crying out to Heaven in sorrow because they do not know the will have reached Heaven, so please resolve their grievances and take charge of their hearts, and lead them so that they can uphold and fulfill the will that the Father desires in the last days.

Also, there are many hidden brothers and sisters in this nation who are fighting against the darkness, pioneering a lonely path that others do not know for the sake of the will. Please let the time when the darkness recedes before this people come quickly.

Since the movement of life was one, the movement of grace was one, and the manifestation of glory was one, O Father, please testify through them, and using the scattered altars as a fence, drive them forward centered on the Father's will, and please quickly form an altar of joy that can make this people one. Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.

Today as well, lonely sons and daughters are scattered in the provinces, fighting with the word, so please be with them there as well. They are building an altar of victory with the spirit that they must fight and win against the final enemies of the 6,000-year history, and they are fighting in obedience to the Father's command for that time when the Father and His sons and daughters can rejoice together. Therefore, Father, please be with them and show Your direct work wherever they stay. I earnestly hope and desire that You will allow it to reach the whole through such an environment.

Now, for this one hour, Father, I earnestly ask You to send down the grace of Your joy and to receive us. I have offered up all my words in prayer in the name of the beloved Lord. Amen.

<Sermon> Today, I would like to speak for a moment on the topic, "Jesus is the Protagonist of the Cosmic Revolution."

God Who Wished for Humankind to Be Completed as the Embodiment of Newness

If you observe the process of something new being created, you can see that it is a revolutionary process. When we look at all the things that were made during the six days, that is, all the creatures from the lowly insects to human beings, God created newer and better beings, and finally, He created human beings. You will all know that the Creator's ideal was that by creating human beings, God would complete His higher internal nature and external form, and that it would have a new and unchanging substance that the Father could eternally be proud of.

In this way, human beings were made as a single form that could be said to be truly beautiful and truly good, representing all things and all creation, and compared to any creature, as the eternal embodiment of newness that God can enjoy. You know that what was made in this way was Adam and Eve, who could have dominion over all things.

They were Adam and Eve, who should have rejoiced in God's original goodness and internal glory through their actual lives. However, because Adam and Eve fell, they did not know that will. Fallen human beings are those who have come to be in a position where they cannot reveal the glory of newness on behalf of all that God created.

However, even though human beings fell, God's will is an unchanging will, and if it is not completed, God cannot maintain His dignity as the Creator and cannot show His authority. Therefore, you know well through the Principle that the history of restoration and the history of salvation are to re-establish this.

Then, when Heaven deals with all things in the universe from this position, when will be the day when a precious being that cannot be found in heaven and on earth, and cannot be found among the creatures, a new embodiment of a higher dimension that can newly reveal the entire character hidden within God, will appear as the protagonist and fulfill God's will? To greet this one moving and shocking day, God has established this one purpose and has been working with ceaseless effort through the providence of restoration until today.

When will that one day come when God will find a new cosmic being after the creation of the world, a being that cannot be exchanged even for all the creatures, and that will allow Him to enjoy a joy that has never existed before? God is eagerly awaiting that one day, that one being.

God has already designed the ideal world of creation where God Himself, human beings, and all things can enjoy, rejoice, and be in harmony together, and He has already conceived of even the ideal aspect of life. Therefore, when we rejoice centered on one protagonist who can rejoice together with the heaven that is made of internal symbols and the earth that is made of external symbols, heaven and earth can rejoice together. You will also know well that Heaven is making efforts to find this one standard.

Then, what is the will that the Father requires?

If there is one single will that cannot be let go of even if all things in heaven and on earth are broken, it is the completed human being. Until a human being is completed, he must become the embodiment of truth through the principled way of creation, but because of the fall, he became an unprincipled embodiment. Therefore, although human beings have the form of a human being, their internal character and external form could not appear as a divided body representing God's eternal substance.

For that reason, fallen human beings have the form of a human being, but they have lost the form of the ideal of creation. God is re-injecting the form of the ideal of creation into these human beings. You also know well the history of Heaven, which is making efforts to find a new embodiment of proof.

Jesus Who Came to Fulfill God's Ideal of Creation

Then, who was the one who came as this one central substance, the being of hope? It was Jesus Christ. God worked for 4,000 years until He sent Jesus Christ.

After the creation, God sent Jesus as a new being with whom He could finally be in harmony, a being that could be shown before all things and all creation. However, human beings did not treat Jesus as the being who was the goal of God's desire, but instead, they once again committed a fallen history of opposing him.

God, who had worked to find the lost standard of goodness, gathered people who were under the accusation of Satan throughout the 4,000-year history and made a national foundation. Therefore, this national foundation should have become a foundation for Jesus, whom God had established as the one protagonist who could represent God and all things and all beings in heaven and on earth. Nevertheless, Jesus went his own way, and the nation went its own way. Here, our mission and God's mission were decided.

You must know the fact that because the Jewish people, who should have embraced Jesus Christ, who was sent as the representative of the whole to re-create the entire universe as a world of newness centered on God, as the protagonist of the whole, failed to do so, Jesus, who had the mission of being the protagonist of the whole, disappeared as Jesus, and the people disappeared as the people, and as a result, God's sorrow was further aggravated.

The words that Jesus himself spoke to the Jewish people at that time and all that he revealed were not for his own will. Whose will was it? It was Heaven's will. Jesus represented the will of God's providence. However, a conflicting debate arose between the people in the realm of the fall, who had to face God's will through Jesus, and Jesus.

The Jewish people at that time did not know that when the word of God appears in this fallen world, if this word appears before a nation, it will be a word that can revolutionize the nation; if it appears to an individual, it will be a word that can revolutionize the individual; if it appears in the world, it will be a word that can revolutionize the world, and also a word that can newly revolutionize heaven and earth.

The people of Israel thought that the law given through Moses for 4,000 years and the covenant made with Jacob could fulfill their ideals and represent the whole. However, God worked to pull them up gradually from the very bottom. The people of Israel did not know that after going through the formation-level Old Testament history, they were going through the history of going through the principled course of the creation of heaven and earth again, going through the growth-level New Testament era to the completion level. Therefore, Jesus' words were words of life that the people of that era could not accept. The people at that time did not know that they were new words that were higher than the Old Testament law, and words for making a connection with a new value that was higher than the conventional one.

What Jesus desired was to fulfill God's entire ideal of creation. Therefore, he came to find it through a continuous revolutionary process to complete the cosmic mission on behalf of heaven and earth. Therefore, you who are in the last days today must know that when Jesus appeared on this earth and went the way of the cosmic will, there was a process of pulling fallen human beings up to their original position, and in that process, there were countless twists and turns of battle and a revolutionary process.

Jesus' Hope and the Unbelief of the Jewish People

Then, to what extent is the hope of this revolutionary Jesus Christ? It is not the kind of hope that you have on this piece of land where you are living today. It is a hope that can be connected beyond the world to the infinite kingdom of God.

This hope is Jesus' hope and at the same time, it is God's hope, who is one with Jesus. Therefore, human beings must know that God placed His hope in Jesus and tried to reveal His will through Jesus.
Then what was the figure of Jesus who appeared before the Jewish people, speaking words and appearing as the substantiation representing God’s entire will? He appeared as the protagonist of a new truth that had never existed in history. Countless people cried out for truth, but it was only truth on an individual level. They may have claimed it to be a truth that could represent nation after nation and all countries, but in reality, it could not become such a truth. Therefore, the one who appeared equipped with a truth that could shine again upon heaven and earth was Jesus Christ. For that reason, the words that Jesus Christ spoke were of the highest value in that age and that world, and they were new and revolutionary.

If the Jewish people, who longed for God’s will, had known these revolutionary words of truth,

Jesus, the Protagonist of a Cosmic Revolution

they would have abandoned their lives up to that point and desired to possess this truth.

Since the one day that the Jewish people, who should have stood in this position, were meant to achieve was broken, we must overcome this. We have the mission to resolve what has been bound. Sacrifice occurs because of the failure to uphold the truth of Jesus Christ.

God established one people and set up a center among that people, intending to reveal His internal heart with words of cosmic truth through that center. However, the people of Israel did not know this fact.

Jesus was to have revealed the words of eternal truth over some thirty years, but due to their disbelief, Jesus was forsaken. For that reason, until the moment they find the substance of the Word, the people of the world must seek the new, cosmic truth that Jesus Christ, on behalf of God’s will and heart, intended to propagate on this earth.

Today, the faithful saints must fulfill the hope of Jesus Christ. The words that Jesus testified should have appeared as national words and also as world-level words in his time. However, because they did not appear as world-level words, Christianity became a religion of suffering.

If the words that Jesus Christ spoke had appeared as the central words that could save the earth at that time, he could have manifested God’s authority. If there had been an individual who followed the individual Jesus, a people who followed the individual Jesus, and a world that followed the individual Jesus, then Jesus, who was responsible for God’s will, would have accomplished that will on this earth. However, there was no such individual, people, or world before Jesus.

And centered on the words of Jesus, the beloved disciples, the beloved family, the beloved denomination, and the beloved nation who were to represent Jesus should have become one with Jesus, experienced God’s heart, and upheld God’s will. However, because they were in a position of dealing with Jesus from their own denominational level with the truth they knew, the words of Jesus went their own way, and they went theirs.

Then what is it that Jesus now asks of you, the saints of the last days? He proclaimed the cosmic truth, hoping that our shameful selves would become cosmic beings.

Jesus came to this earth as an individual, but he was not an ordinary individual; he was one who represented the whole of all creation. He was one who represented the entire truth of the creative principle of the whole world of creation.

What Jesus Asks of Us

Although he came as a being of such value, he could not become the protagonist of value, the protagonist of the universe. That is why you yourselves must accomplish this purpose of cosmic value. Thus, when we believe in Jesus, we ourselves can meet the truth individually through the heart of Jesus. In this way, when you go through a spiritual history and infinite grace descends, you must not know it only as an individual gift. It must pass through being an environmental gift, a denominational gift, and extend to being a worldwide gift. Only then can we return.

When a gift is given to us, we must not think of it as our own gift from a personal perspective. If you have received grace from a personal standpoint and obtained truth through Jesus Christ from a personal standpoint, you must be able to digest it as your own and at the same time take responsibility for this truth and know how to propagate it to the world. If you go forth with the world in this way, it becomes your gift and at the same time the gift of heaven and earth. However, if your view of faith is to save only yourself, you will remain in a personal concept of salvation and end there.

If the grace overflowing in your hearts now remains only as a personal thing, you will commit again the mistake of the Jewish people of old who crucified Jesus Christ.

If the truth I have obtained remains a religion for saving my one life,

Jesus, the Protagonist of a Cosmic Revolution

the hope of Jesus Christ cannot be fulfilled.

The words of Jesus Christ, which are spoken with a central hope that extends through the individual, the family, the society, and the world to the providence of heaven, are to bring about the work of resurrection and rebirth through your personal gifts. The individual, national, state, and worldwide salvation must be done through you.

You must clearly know that individual salvation, national salvation, worldwide salvation, and cosmic salvation remain.

When you give thanks before Heavenly Father, you must know how to offer not only personal thanks but also thanks on the family, social, national, and worldwide levels. Also, if you repent, you must become people who repent from personal repentance to family repentance, national repentance, worldwide repentance, and repentance for heaven and earth.

Now is the time to go beyond the personal concept of salvation, beyond the family concept of salvation, beyond the social and national concept of salvation, and beyond the worldwide concept of salvation. Only then will a worldwide indemnity begin because of you.

If the Jewish people had had a national concept of salvation and had gone as far as a worldwide concept of salvation, Jesus would have saved all humanity through the Jewish people.

The Words of Jesus are the Words of a Cosmic Revolution

The words of the gospel of Jesus Christ, which are the fruit of passing through the course of history, are the words of truth. They were words that could bestow salvation upon you, transcending the entire history and life that your ancestors had passed through. You must realize that these words of Jesus were indeed the words of a cosmic revolution.

When Jesus Christ came to this earth, he raised a standard against all the legalism that had been believed in until then. He proclaimed, “Through me, all the law must see its fulfillment.” Because the people of Israel did not know the meaning of these words of Jesus, which contained a cosmic view of faith, these words of cosmic value, they killed Jesus.

Those words were cosmic words in that age. In terms of love as well, Jesus spoke words of a cosmic revolution.

Jesus said, “He who does not love me more than anyone else is not worthy of me.” And, “If you do not love me more than anyone else, you cannot be my disciple.” Looking at this, we can see that in order to find the truth until a single cosmic whole, which God desired as the ideal of creation, is achieved, one must go through a cosmic course.

What is extremely important in forming relationships between human beings and between human beings and God is cosmic love. However, because human beings could not form a relationship with God with cosmic love, they came to form a relationship with the love of the archangel. Thus, human beings lost the power to break through the gate of love centered on the ideal love with God. To be able to break through this gate of love again, power is needed.

What was the purpose of Jesus saying, “Love me more than anyone else”? It was not for Jesus himself to be loved. It was so that if people believed those words and loved Jesus, Jesus would hold them with a power stronger than the power that held them in the satanic realm, thereby raising them to the position where they could give and receive the original love with God. For that purpose, he said, “Love me more than anyone else.” These words were the words of a prophetic revolution.

In this way, Jesus brought about a revolution of truth, and also, through his death on the cross, he brought about a revolution of heavenly love. This was a love that represented not only the love between individuals, but also family, social, national, and worldwide truth. It was a revolution of love that represented the universe.

However, the love of the world today is a love centered on the self. Or it is a love centered on the nation. Until now, it has been to the extent of loving one’s own country or loving one’s own family. There has been no love that could go beyond the nation, beyond the national sphere.

However, the hope of God and Jesus is not one people, one nation. It is to establish an ideal world where heaven and earth can become one, centered on God. That is why the love that Jesus presented is not a worldly love,

Jesus, the Protagonist of a Cosmic Revolution

a love on the national or state level centered on the self, but a love that goes beyond the world and connects to heaven and earth.

Revolution of Truth, Revolution of Love

Then what was the true path that Jesus established through the words of the gospel? To what extent are you yourselves loving today? Jesus Christ did not stand before the individual. He did not stand before the family or the nation. Therefore, Jesus, the protagonist of cosmic love and the bridegroom, received family persecution and national persecution.

Through Jesus as the origin, all the billions of creatures of heaven and earth, all of creation that had not felt God’s love until then, were to form a relationship of love for the first time. The responsibility to make this relationship possible was on Jesus.

Then what kind of love is the love that Jesus pioneered, found, and established? It is a love that is the complete opposite of worldly love. Human love is, at best, love for one’s country, but the love of Jesus Christ is a cosmic love. That is, it is a love that goes beyond the individual, beyond the people, beyond the nation, beyond the world, and reaches to heaven.

Then what kind of love is God’s love? It is a love that has two aspects. It is not only loving me but also loving even enemies. Therefore, we must become individuals who can love God and at the same time love even our enemies.

What kind of love is the love of Jesus Christ? It is a love that is for the sake of even Satan. Because he knew that God’s love is a love that loves even Satan, Jesus Christ set up this standard and said, “Love your enemies” (Matthew 5:44). Therefore, we must find and establish this standard of cosmic love on this earth. If we cannot accomplish this work by the time we die, we must have the heart to establish this standard even through our descendants.

And now you must live a life of gratitude. You must live a life of gratitude to Christ and to heaven, thinking, “I am living because of the grace and love of Christ, and I am living because of the grace and love of heaven.” It is a grateful thing that I have been saved, but it is also a grateful thing to represent the cosmic mission of Jesus Christ, and it is a grateful thing to live to complete the love of Jesus Christ.

On behalf of the family, on behalf of the clan, embracing the people, you must know the cosmic love with which Jesus Christ forgave and loved his enemies even as he was dying on the cross. And you must know the heart of Jesus who overcame sorrow and looked at his enemies with a heart of love.

When Jesus Christ was dying on the cross, he said, “It is finished” (John 19:30). You must know that until he said those words, Jesus Christ forgot all his own sorrow and his own unfairness and suffered to fulfill the will of heaven. Because the work of finding cosmic life again through his own body was about to be thwarted, Jesus Christ forgot his own pain, forgot his own unfairness, and overcame all kinds of hardships. Therefore, the life of Jesus Christ was not a life to save only himself, but a life to establish the nation of God, not to mention the people and the nation.

Saints of the Last Days Who Must Awaken

Today, you are carrying out a movement to find the life of Jesus Christ, and in the democratic world, a movement is being carried out to resurrect the name of Jesus Christ. A people who have received great grace and bear a great responsibility, or not
않은 민족이나 똑같습니다. 이 땅 위에는 예수 그리스도의 복음이 남아 있
고, 땅 위에 없었던 새로운 우주적인 참진리와 사랑과 생명이 남아 있습니
다. 그런 우주적인 진리와 우주적인 사랑과 우주적인 생명은 여러분의 것
이 될 수 있다는 것입니다.
이 땅 위의 인류를 구하기 위해 수고하신 분으로서 불쌍하다면 예수님
보다 불쌍한 사람이 없습니다. 예수님의 말씀은 세계를 대신한 말씀이었
습니다. 땅 위에 뿌려졌어야 할 진리의 말씀이요, 땅 위에 받아들여졌

238

예수님은 우주적인 혁명의 주인공

어야 할 하늘의 말씀이었으며, 땅 위에 심어졌어야 할 우주적인 생명의
말씀이었는데 땅 위에서 받아들여지지 않았고, 오신 예수님은 부정당했습
니다. 예수님의 말씀을 예수님 당시의 백성들이 믿지 않음으로 말미암아
예수님 홀로 남게 되었다는 것입니다.
하나님께서 6천년 동안 수고해 오셨는데, 이 하나님의 수고를 덜어 드릴
수 있는 생명의 주인공, 진리의 주인공이 이 땅에 오신다면 땅 위의 모든
양심적인 사람은 그를 사모할 것입니다. 땅 위에 도의 길을 찾아가는 사람
들이 있다면, 생명의 길을 찾아 나가는 사람이 있다면, 그와 더불어 갈 것
입니다. 이러한 것이 하늘이 소망하는 기준인데도 불구하고 오늘날 인간들
은 개인적인 사랑의 기준, 개인주의를 갖고 살고 있습니다. 옛날의 유대교
인들도 이런 마음을 갖고 살았기에 예수 그리스도를 십자가에 못박은 것입
니다. 이러한 것이 예수 이후에도 계속되고 있다는 사실을 잘 알아야 하겠
습니다.
이제 우리에게는 하늘땅을 대신할 수 있는 새로운 말씀과 새로운 생명
과 새로운 사랑이 필요합니다. 그런데 이념적인 말씀만 필요한 것이 아니
라 실체화할 수 있는 말씀이 필요한 것입니다.
그러므로 끝날인 오늘날 여러분은 각성해야 되겠습니다. 여러분은 새로
운 진리와 생명과 사랑을 가지고 민족을 구하고 세계를 구하고 하늘땅의
6천년의 원한을 해원해야 되겠습니다. *

16)

세상 죄를 지고 가신
하나님의 어린양을 보라

마태복음 5:43-48, 요한복음 1:19-34
<기 도(Ⅰ)> 생명의 부활을 약속하신 아버님, 사랑의 은사를 허락하신
아버님, 영원한 생명을 주신 아버님! 이날 멀리 계시지 않고 저희의 마음
에 계시고 저희의 몸에 계시오며 저희의 주위에 계신 아버님이시여! 저희
들은 아버님의 사랑을 흠모하는 마음을 갖고 있사옵고, 아버님의 사랑에
잠기고 싶은 마음을 갖고 있사오며, 아버님의 영광을 노래하고 싶은 마음
을 갖고 있사옵니다.
이 시간 저희를 찾아 주신 아버지, 기뻐하시는 영광을 나타내 주시옵소
서. 그리하여 저희들도 기뻐할 수 있는 자체로 화하여 본심 본성으로 화동
할 수 있고, 만물과도 화동할 수 있는 영광의 분위기로 이 시간 각자의 몸
마음을 바로잡아 주시지 않으면 안 되겠나이다.
약속의 아버지시여! 이 시간 운행하시옵소서. 능력의 아버지시여! 이
시간 나타나시옵소서. 보잘것없는 저희들이지만 아버지의 명령에 순종하
여 나설 때에는 영원한 생명의 노정을 개척할 수 있는 힘이 솟아날 것을
알고 있사옵나이다. 사랑의 아버님이시여! 이 시간 서슴지 마시옵고, 먼
저는 저희의 마음을 통하여 명령하시옵고, 저희의 몸을 통하여 명령하시
옵소서.
지으신 본래의 형상을 다시 찾아 주시옵소서. 그리하여 그 미를 보시사
아버지께서 즐길 수 있고, 천상천하의 모든 피조물 앞에 어엿이 내세울 수
있으며, 자랑할 수 있는 아들딸로서 이 시간 지켜 주시옵고 세워 주시옵기
1956년 11월 25일(日), 전 본부교회.

240

세상 죄를 지고 가신 하나님의 어린양을 보라

를, 사랑하는 아버님, 간절히 바라옵고 원하옵나이다.
이날은 거룩한 날이옵니다. 만민의 생명을 책임져야 할 날이옵고, 사망
권 안에 있는 원수들의 손에 붙들려 있는 뭇중생들의 마음 몸을 아버지 앞
으로 인도하지 않으면 안 될 날이옵니다.
이 일을 책임지고 역사하시는 분들이 예수님과 성신이시옵고, 이 일을
협조해 나오는 이들이 천상의 천천만 성도들이었사오니, 오늘 땅 위에 있
는 저희들이 무장하여 그 한 뜻을 위해 협조하지 않으면 안 될 남아진 사
명을 알게 허락하여 주시옵소서.
아버지시여! 남아진 사명을 감당하지 못할 힘없는 자리에 있다 할진대
는, 영원 전부터 약속하신 축복의 뜻을 저희들의 마음에 간직할 수 있게
허락하여 주시옵고, 저희들을 천륜 앞에 세워 주시옵소서.
슬픔을 자극시키는 불쌍한 아들딸이 되지 말게 허락하여 주시옵소서.
아버님의 마음에 어리고, 아버님의 품성에 어리어서, 아버님이 세우신
전체의 뜻을 몸 마음을 통하여 당신이 말씀하시기 전에 이룰 수 있고, 당
신이 요구하시기 전에 행동할 수 있으며, 당신이 바라시기 전에 실천할 수
있는 당신의 아들딸들이 되게 허락하여 주시옵소서.
아버님이시여! 먼저는 이 민족을 축복하여 주시옵소서. 민족을 대신한
교단을 축복하여 주시옵소서. 또 여기에 모여 있는 당신의 아들딸들을 축
복하여 주시옵소서.
이 일을 만방의 뭇생명들에게 예고해 주시고, 새로운 생명의 축복을 허
락하여 주시옵소서. 만민에게 아버님의 뜻을 일깨워 주시고, 만민의 생명
의 터전을 높여 주시어서 그 위에 평화를 나타낼 수 있게 허락하여 주시옵
길, 아버님이시여! 간절히 바라옵고 원하옵나이다.
이제 엎드린 아들딸들, 새로운 마음으로 아버님의 사랑과 축복을 받을
수 있는 자녀들 되게 허락하여 주시옵고, 이들의 몸이 아버지의 축복하신
영광의 미를 갖추고 그 사랑의 미를 갖출 수 있게 허락하여 주시옵소서.
아버지 앞에 합당치 못하여 서러움을 일으킬 수 있는 죄악의 쓴 뿌리를
품고 있는 아들딸이 있사옵니까? 아버님, 이 시간 운행하시옵고, 나타나시
옵소서. 그리하여 직접적인 손길로 재창조의 역사를 일으켜 주시옵소서.
아버님, 간절히 바라옵고 원하옵나이다.

241

이 한 시간 모인 아들딸들 위에 아버지의 충만한 은사를 나타내 주시옵
소서. 지방에 널려서 외로운 제단을 쌓고 있는 자녀들, 당신의 말씀을 증
거하는 아들딸들 위에 같은 은사로써 이 시간 역사하여 주시옵길, 나의 아
버님, 간절히 바라옵고 원하옵나이다.
개개인의 마음의 주인이 되어 주시옵고, 개개인의 몸의 본래의 주인이
되어 주시옵소서. 저희들의 몸을 성별시켜 주시옵소서. 허락하신 은사를
이 시간 저희들의 몸 마음에 듬뿍 채워 주시옵고, 전체의 머리 머리 위에
임하여 주시옵기를 간절히 바라옵고 원하오면서, 모든 말씀 사랑하는 주의
이름으로 아뢰었사옵나이다. 아멘.
<기 도(Ⅱ)> 저희들을 붙들어 모으시기 위하여 수고하신 아버님, 저
희들 오늘, 이 한 성전을 중심삼고 모여 왔사옵나이다. 부복한 저희들의
마음 몸이 하나되어 아버지의 명령을 대신할 수 있게 허락하여 주시옵
소서. 엎드린 저희의 몸이 거룩한 성전이 되지 않으면 안 되겠사옵나이
다.
오랜 기간을 두고 탄식하며 찾아 나온 소망의 모습들이 저희들인 것을
깨닫게 될 때, 아버님은 참으로 불쌍한 자리에 처하여 계심을 알게 되옵니
다. 지금까지 섭리역사를 해 나오시면서 갖은 수모를 받으신 아버지의 사
정도 알게 되옵니다.
갖은 수모를 받으신 아버지이시요, 갖은 고난을 겪으시면서도 소망의 아
들딸을 바라시어 참고 나오신 아버지이신 것을 이 시간 생각하게 될 때,
저희들은 지극히 보잘것없는 것들임을 알게 되옵니다. 하오나 그 뜻 앞에
황공한 마음을 갖고 나왔사옵고, 아버지의 원한을 풀어 드리기 위해 충성
스런 절개를 갖고자 나왔나이다.
그런 연고로 어제도 오늘도 내일도 싸움의 노정을 거쳐가야 할 입장에
놓여 있는 저희들이요, 저희들이 가려는 노정이 오직 아버지의 영광만을
위한 노정인 것을 아버지께서 아실 줄 믿사오니 이 시간 찾아 주시옵소서.
하늘을 중심삼고만 움직이게 인도하여 주시옵소서.
믿을 수 없는 이 땅 위에서 아버님만을 믿고, 의지할 곳 없는 이 땅 위
에서 아버지의 명령에 의지하여 이 자리까지 나왔사옵니다. 아버지, 오늘의

242

세상 죄를 지고 가신 하나님의 어린양을 보라

섭리를 염려하지 않을 수 없사옵고 내일의 섭리를 염려하지 않을 수 없사
오니, 오늘의 감사함이 영원한 감사함으로, 오늘 아버지를 부르는 음성이
영원히 아버지를 부르는 음성이 되게 해 주시옵고, 만물과 더불어 영광의
노래를 부를 수 있을 때까지 친히 보호하여 주시고 지켜 주시옵길, 사랑하
는 아버님, 간절히 바라옵고 원하옵나이다.
아버님, 때와 시기는 멀지 않은데 하늘의 재촉함을 받고 있는 당신의 아
들딸들, 때와 시기가 긴박하여 재촉하고 계시는 당신의 심정도 안타까우나
흑암과 불신의 세상에 찾아 세워져 새로운 일을 개척하지 않으면 안 될 새
시대의 당신의 아들딸들도 불쌍하옵니다.
아버님이시여! 이 시간 염려의 마음을 푸시옵소서. 하늘의 염려가 지극
히 크다는 것을 알고 그 염려를 저희가 대신 붙안고 남아진 복귀의 뜻을
위해 있는 힘을 다하여 싸우기를 원하고 있사오니, 아버님이시여! 저희들
을 보시옵고 위안 받으시옵소서. 민족의 서러움과 교단의 서러움을 저희들
로 말미암아 위로 받으시옵소서.
아버지, 기뻐할 수 있는 한 줄기 생명의 빛을 향하여 나갈 수 있게, 곳
곳에 널려 있는 당신의 아들딸들을 어서 속히 한 곳으로 모으셔서, 승리의
제단과 영광의 제단을, 그리고 의의 제단을 쌓게 허락하여 주시옵소서. 민
족을 통하여, 이 세상 인류를 통하여 아버지의 그 한 뜻을 이루게 허락하
여 주시옵기를, 사랑하는 아버님, 간절히 바라옵고 원하옵나이다.
이 자리에 나온 자녀들 중에 아직까지 사탄의 참소조건에 걸리거나 원
한의 심정을 품고 있는 자녀들이 있사옵니까? 아버님, 그런 자녀들이 없
게 허락하여 주시옵소서. 그런 자녀들이 있다면, 이 시간 능력의 역사로
써, 힘의 역사로써 그들의 마음에 회개할 수 있는 감동의 은사, 부활의 은
사를 이 시간 허락하여 주시옵길, 아버님이시여! 간절히 바라옵고 원하옵
나이다.
남아진 시간을 맡기오니 슬픔을 제하시고 영광으로 저희들을 주관하여
주시옵소서. 당신이 친히 주장할 수 있고 자랑할 수 있는 기쁨의 은사만이
저희들의 머리 위에, 마음 몸에 충만케 허락하여 주시옵길 간절히 바라옵
고 원하옵나이다. 모든 것 맡기었사오니 맡아 주시옵소서. 주의 이름으로
기도하였사옵나이다. 아멘.

243

<기 도(Ⅲ)> 아버님, 분부하신 말씀에 의해 만민 앞에 넘어야 할 고개
가 남아져 있음을 알게 되옵니다. 오늘날 저희들은 아버지의 완전성 앞에
저희의 불완전성을 제하기 위한 싸움을 해야 할 입장에 있사옵고, 불변의
진리의 원칙 기준을 넘어야 할 운명이 남아 있사옵니다.
이제 만우주 앞에 저희 자신을 내세워야 할 때가 되었사옵고, 완전하신
아버님의 성상을 닮아 피조만물을 주관치 않으면 안 될 역사적인 운명이
저희 각자에게 남아져 있음을 생각하게 될 때, 오늘의 나는 영원하신 아버
지의 탄식을 대신해야 할 나요, 오늘의 나는 영원하신 아버지의 사랑을 증
거해야 할 나요, 오늘의 나는 아버지의 말씀을 어두운 세상에 전파하여 복
귀의 사명을 감당치 않으면 안 될 나임을 알게 되옵니다.
그런데 오늘까지 믿고 나온 저희의 신앙생활은 아버지 앞에 내세울 수
없는 생활이었사오니, 이 시간 스스로 뉘우치는 동시에 회개할 수 있으며
스스로 각성할 수 있게 허락하여 주시옵소서.
이제 저희가 갖고 있는 모든 관념과 주장과 주의를 존엄하신 아버지의
뜻 앞에 내어 놓고 나라는 실존을 완전히 없이 하고, 영원한 실존체인 본
성의 나를 회복하여 완전하신 아버지의 품성을 닮고, 아버지의 영광에 잠
길 수 있는 나를 회복하여야 할 싸움의 노정이 남아 있사오니, 오늘 이 싸
움의 노정에서 퇴보하는 자들이 되지 말게 허락하여 주시옵소서.
하루 하루의 생활을 통하여, 그리고 생애를 통하여 아버지의 즐거움의
영광이 될 수 있고 아버지께서 취하시기에 합당한 아름다운 아들딸들이 되
게 허락하여 주시옵소서. 아버님, 간절히 바라옵고 원하옵나이다.
이때는 복귀의 시기를 반영시키는 때이옵고, 옛날 예수님 당시와 같이
역사적인 심판의 기준을 넘어야 할 시기이옵나이다. 유대교 앞에 새로운
뜻을 제시시키며 요단강가에서의 증거의 역사, 세례를 주던 세례 요한의
역사가 세계적으로 벌어지고 있는 시기인 것을 생각하게 될 때, 세례 요한
의 사명이 후대인 저희들의 사명으로 남아진 것을 알게 되옵니다.
이제 천륜의 안식의 터를 저희 각자들이 갖추어, 세례 요한의 증거함
가운데 예수 그리스도께서 죄와 사탄의 침범이 없는 가운데 아버지 앞에
영광을 돌릴 수 있어야 했던 그 하나의 선의 동산, 저희들이 손에 손을
잡고, 마음에 마음을 합하여 노래 부를 수 있는 하나의 안식의 동산을 건

244

세상 죄를 지고 가신 하나님의 어린양을 보라

설치 않으면 아니 되겠사옵나이다.
이러한 책임을 위하여 오늘 저희들을 불렀사옵고, 이러한 일을 위하여
Having chosen us today, please do not let us become sons and daughters who leave behind sorrow and sadness before the will of your calling.
We know that the resentment of millennia has pervaded history due to the failure of John the Baptist. Now that we have received heaven's calling and heaven's choosing, please allow us today to go before your throne and establish a foundation for the providence that can complete the will of the entire universal providence. Thus, please allow us to fulfill the remaining mission on a complete foundation.
If we are not qualified to bow down before the sacred image of our majestic Father with free hearts and free bodies today, please let us know that we are still filled with the resentment of restoration. When we offer our entire bodies and minds before you and raise our hands to call you Father, O Father! Please hold us with your hand of love and guide us so that we can receive the name of sons and daughters of your glory.
Thus, please allow us to be sons and daughters who can sing of the glory of joy in the garden of delight, sing of the glory of victory of hosanna to the entire universe, and return glory to the coming Lord. I earnestly ask and desire this.
Please allow us to think of Jesus Christ, who came to resolve the sorrow of history, on this day, the day you have permitted. When we realize that the path Jesus Christ walked was not only his path but the model course we must walk in the last days, we cannot help but feel our hearts grow heavy and our bodies submit to our hearts. Please allow us to become your loyal servants who will take on this will, even if we have to struggle on our own before the awesome and precious will. O Father! I earnestly ask and desire that you allow us to become loyal subjects with a heart of devotion to you.
I entrust everything to you, so please allow the heart of the one who speaks and the heart of the one who receives to become one. I fear that Satan will work through the heart of the doubter at this hour, so please first allow that doubt to be broken.
If there is anyone who, without knowing it, is led into darkness because the power of Satan is at work and their heart is not moved by the Lord's commanded word and they are not immersed in the grace of the Holy Spirit, please allow them to repent through the grace of compassion.
Thus, please allow them to be immersed in the ideal of eternal life, pervaded by your love for ages to come. I earnestly ask that at this hour, along with the word, the history of your life, along with the word, the history of your love, and along with the word, the history of your power may appear. I have prayed all these things in the name of the Lord. Amen.
<Sermon> I will speak on the topic, “Behold, the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world.”
God’s Providential Purpose and the Human Mission
The 4,000-year history from the time of the fall until the coming of Jesus was not a history of goodness but a history of sin. Numerous prophets came to this earth and fought against sin for 4,000 years, upholding the will of the providence, but they could not completely liquidate the remaining sin. Thus, the providence was extended for 4,000 years through repeated failures in the fight against sin.
The purpose of God’s providence is to completely liquidate this sin. Therefore, until the day this sin is completely liquidated, the history of struggle cannot be stopped, and the history of restoration cannot be stopped. And God has no choice but to send his beloved children as workers of the providence.
Therefore, to fulfill his will, God established Noah’s family in place of the fallen Adam’s family. However, because Noah’s family failed again, he established Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and then Moses, who represented the nation. After that, he went through King Saul, King David, and King Solomon, and through the four major prophets and twelve minor prophets, he came to John the Baptist.


Behold, the Lamb of God Who Takes Away the Sin of the World

Now, there is a mission remaining for human beings to do before heaven. What is that mission? Because human beings fell, they planted the root of sin, so it is for human beings to subjugate Satan, the root of sin, and return goodness and glory to God. To find and establish such human beings, God has worked for 4,000 years.
The Cause of Jesus Christ’s Suffering—The Unbelief of John the Baptist
Then what was the mission that John the Baptist had to do when he came to this earth? It was to testify to and attend Jesus Christ.
Because Jesus Christ was established in the position of a perfected Adam who had not fallen, he was one who could return glory to heaven from his birth. And he was one through whom God could be pleased. God sent Jesus Christ to boast of him before all humankind and before Satan.
Therefore, Jesus Christ was not one who should have walked a path of suffering from his birth. He was to be a mediator of glory who returned joy to God on behalf of humankind from his birth, a mediator of love, and a mediator of goodness. However, the people of this earth did not uphold such a Jesus Christ.
Therefore, you know well through the Principle that even though his life should have been filled only with goodness and joy, with no relationship or connection to sin, Satan invaded Jesus because John the Baptist did not fulfill his responsibility to him.
Then what mission remains for us today, who are in the last days? The mission to complete the mission of John the Baptist remains. That is, as sons and daughters of glory who have been victorious on behalf of the 4,000-year history before Jesus Christ who came, we must become people of goodness who can rejoice with Jesus. You must not forget that this is our mission.
God’s sorrow was that Satan led Jesus around and tested him.
And you will know that the reason for the 2,000-year fight with Satan after Jesus came and went was because the Jews of that time did not believe, and also because John the Baptist, who came with a new mission of testimony, made a mistake.
Human Beings Must Subjugate Satan and Liquidate Sin
Now, at this time when the end of the age is again at hand, you must fight in opposition to sin. And you must fight Satan, knowing that you are in the position of John the Baptist, who had to fight against Satan, who had fought in opposition to God for 4,000 years. On behalf of the 6,000 years, on behalf of the mission of John the Baptist, you must fight and subjugate Satan. Thus, you must not have any trace of Satan in yourselves. That responsibility remains for you. If you do not become ones who fulfill that responsibility, the Second Coming Lord cannot deal with you.
Originally, the garden of God’s ideal of creation was a garden without any trace of Satan. Therefore, to realize God’s ideal of creation on this earth, we must subjugate Satan and ascend to the level of a perfected Adam who has not fallen. Therefore, if we do not become figures who can represent God’s glory and boast before Satan, we cannot resolve the resentment of Jesus Christ being tested by Satan.
Because human beings fell, Satan has violated human beings and is ruling over the whole earth. To reverse this, it must be done according to the principle of indemnity. Because human beings were violated by Satan, even if Jesus does not help, the Holy Spirit does not help, and God does not help, human beings must be able to subjugate Satan with their own strength. Human beings must be able to overcome the conditions of sin that Satan presents. Only then can they become sons and daughters of victory.
If you do not become sons and daughters who can fight alone against the universal Satan and be victorious, you and Jesus will have no relationship.
This path is a path of destiny that we cannot but go.

Behold, the Lamb of God Who Takes Away the Sin of the World

It is a path of destiny that we must go, even if we die, if we cannot go while living. Jesus Christ, when he could not fulfill the will he had to fulfill while living, has been longing for sons and daughters of glory who can represent his own substance even to this day, 2,000 years after his death, in order to fulfill that will even in death.
When we think about this, we realize that the 6,000-year history was not a history of glory. It was not a history of glory before God. And as long as Jesus and the Holy Spirit are still fighting against Satan, and as long as the sons and daughters who follow the will of Jesus and the Holy Spirit are being tested by Satan, you must know that God’s original ideal of creation cannot be said to have been realized on this earth.
For that reason, the resentment that pervaded the earth remained as God’s resentment, and the new history to resolve the resentment of the earth remained as God’s cross, Jesus Christ’s cross, the Holy Spirit’s cross, and the cross of believers today.
Until now, we have lived under the protection and command of the Holy Spirit, the protection and command of Jesus, and the protection and command of God. From now on, we must become a self that can comfort the Holy Spirit, a self that can comfort Jesus, and a self that can comfort God.
The will of the Holy Spirit, the will of Jesus, and the will of God are not a will for any individual. This will is a will that extends through the individual, through the world, to heaven and earth. Who will be the universal sons and daughters who can comfort the universal heart of heaven on behalf of this will? You must know that heaven has been working in providence to find such sons and daughters.
We must fight today and tomorrow to liquidate the wall of sin that has been established in history. You must set out with a new determination toward the hill of sin that you must cross even by dedicating your lives, that is, by dedicating all your energy and your lives.
Just as Jesus, even when the legalistic Jews and the numerous Jewish people opposed him, did not change his core, testified to heaven, and gave a new baptism, so must we today. Now, in the final stage, we must transcend denominations. And at the same time as transcending denominations, we must become a self that can fight against Satan alone, transcending all the ideologies of the world’s people.
Thus, if you are victorious in the fight against all Satans, the glory of heaven and the joy of heaven will be with you.
We Who Must Fulfill the Mission of John the Baptist
At this hour, the wall of sin is blocking your way. What kind of wall of sin is it? It is the sin of devouring the prophets and saints who loved God for 4,000 years, the wall of sin that put Jesus Christ on the cross. Therefore, if you cannot liquidate that sin in your generation, you will have no relationship with the sinless, good kingdom of heaven. If you cannot tear down that wall of sin, you cannot enter the kingdom of heaven. You must know this.
If you stand today in the position of the universal John the Baptist for the will of God, you must know how to observe universal sin. Thus, you must comfort Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit, and God, who are still laboring because of sin, by embracing the resentment of God, the resentment of Jesus Christ, and the resentment of the Holy Spirit alone. Thus, if the one figure who can lead to the day of rest does not appear among you, it is of no use even if the Lord comes again to this earth.
We must fight against sin in these last days on behalf of John the Baptist. We must fulfill the mission of the universal John the Baptist on behalf of the 6,000-year history. And in addition, we must experience the course of Jesus Christ’s fight.
What remained after Jesus Christ came and went is the doctrine of the cross. Through the doctrine of baptism, through the doctrine of the death of the cross, he tried to establish a standard of eternal victory, but he could only establish it spiritually.
Today, we have the mission to fulfill the mission of John the Baptist, a universal, heavenly mission, combining spirit and flesh. You must experience the resentful heart of Jesus Christ, who came to this earth and was not glorified by human beings, and resolve that resentment.

Behold, the Lamb of God Who Takes Away the Sin of the World

Because this mission was for human beings, Jesus and the Holy Spirit worked for human beings for 2,000 years. However, the saints who believe today do not know this fact. They have believed in Jesus and the Holy Spirit as mere servants for human beings and have believed in them as messengers.
Then who is Satan? He is the archangel. The fall is that human beings, who were supposed to rule over all things in the Garden of Eden, had their dominion taken away by the archangel and were unable to exercise it. Therefore, in the course of our restoration, we must even rule over Satan.
We must pass through such a position.
Then, what must we do to walk such a path? We must learn to walk the same path as John the Baptist and Jesus Christ, following the example of their lives of testimony.

The path Jesus walked to tear down the wall of sin

Then, what path did Jesus Christ walk to tear down this wall of sin? Today, in the last days, you must cross again the path that Jesus Christ walked in your own life's course.
When Jesus Christ fought against Satan, he did not stand in the position of attacking sin to uproot universal sin. Jesus Christ did not stand in the position of attacking sin in order to eliminate it. In order to eliminate sin, in order to subjugate sin, he stood in the position of taking responsibility for that sin. You must know that this is the spirit of Jesus Christ.
Sin is evil and bad. There is a mind that we have through the original nature of creation, and sin is that which acts in opposition to this. Jesus took on this sin to liquidate it. Furthermore, that Jesus took on sin means that he took on the sin of individuals, families, societies, nations, the world, humanity, and even the spirits in the celestial world. You must know that Jesus Christ was the one who took on the sins of countless spirits throughout the 4,000 years of history since the creation.
He even had to take on the sins of the spirits in hell. This is because

<014251>

Jesus came in the position of the perfected Adam. Because Adam's fall caused resentment to sweep even through the celestial world, Jesus had to pull down and bury everything that arose from the fall.
Therefore, the life of Jesus in pioneering a new course was the opposite of the life of the satanic world. Knowing that the element and essence of the satanic world is hopelessness, he taught the way of meekness and humility in opposition to it. Therefore, the truth of Christianity was a truth that departed from the world. The truth of Christianity is one that rebels against the world.
Jesus lived a difficult life because there was a providential reason why he had to turn his back and take on the sins to come, rather than bearing them from the front. Jesus Christ was a pitiful person who suffered the cross until the time he could take on all universal sin and be victorious. Even today, he is in that other world, but he cannot rest. He desires that someone on earth would take responsibility for all that sin.

Jesus who suffered all kinds of humiliation and hardship

When we think about the life of Jesus Christ, who came to bear the sins of humankind, we can see that he experienced all the difficult circumstances that human beings face during his thirty-some years on this earth until he passed away. To bear the sins of the pitiful, he was in a pitiful position; to bear the sins of the hungry, he was in a hungry position; and to bear the sins of the lonely, he was in a lonely position.
Thus, after standing in a position where he could bear individual sin, Jesus sought to bear familial sin. Therefore, to bear familial sin, he appeared before the family, but that family opposed him. His own loving parents opposed him, and even his younger siblings opposed him.
Furthermore, Jesus was rejected by the Jewish denomination. This was because he had to take on denominational sin at the same time as he took on familial sin. Also, even Pilate and King Herod rejected Jesus. They drove Jesus to the cross, saying that his will was different from their hopes.

<014252>

Behold, the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world

However, until the day he passed away, Jesus did not resent such enemies, but rather prayed for their blessing. You today must deeply engrave this image of Jesus in your hearts.
Jesus was born in a manger. Jesus started from the lowest, most humble position and went to the highest position, the position of the Son of God. Jesus came for the people on this earth, and he came for the people who believe in God on this earth.
But who were Jesus' friends? When he prayed in the Garden of Gethsemane, even his three beloved disciples fell asleep. When he was heading for the summit of the cross, they were in a position where they should have united their hearts and minds, but the three disciples took a position that had nothing to do with such circumstances.
Jesus realized that he had the mission to take on all the sins of the universe, and he gratefully received it when anyone whipped him, and he gratefully received it when they criticized and mocked him.
You must know that Jesus did not try to eliminate sin by striking and breaking it to liquidate it, but he tried to take on and bear all the universal sins related to Satan himself.
However, because sin has not yet been completely liquidated, Jesus Christ is carrying on the history of liquidating that sin.

We must maintain an unchanging faith even if we are persecuted and abandoned

Since you are people who attend Jesus as your Savior, you must think before the Savior you attend, 
to what extent have I taken on sin? To what extent have I tried to bear sin? And you must know how to place yourselves in the same kind of environment in which Jesus lived.
If you are now in the end-of-the-age destiny where you must bear individual sin and family sin, then someday the time will come when you will be persecuted individually.

<014253>

Also, the time will come when you will be persecuted as a family. Just as Jesus received individual opposition, family opposition, and denominational opposition, so too will Christians today in the last days receive such opposition. Furthermore, a religion will emerge that is opposed by society, by the nation, and by the world.
And the fight of Jesus Christ to liquidate human sin has not yet been completely concluded, but in place of Jesus Christ, a believer will emerge on earth who, in order to take on all universal sin, will be criticized by individuals, families, societies, nations, the world, and even the spirits of the spirit world. Furthermore, he will be criticized by the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. History is moving toward this one peak. You must know this.
The people who believed in the Old Testament and came forward became enemies before Jesus. Likewise, it is easy for people today who have come to believe in Jesus to stand in the position of an enemy before the new providence of God.
Jesus Christ said on the cross, "My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?" (Matthew 27:46). This was because at the scene of the final judgment, God said that he did not know Jesus Christ.
In the same way, when you today try to offer your one body to take responsibility for all the history of sin up to now, God will say that he does not know you. Even so, you must have the same unchanging faith that Jesus had on the cross. If you think that you have offered your one and only body for the will, then you must think of yourselves as already dead. It is the mission of a Christian to present this kind of revolutionary faith.
Then, are there people who oppose you today? You must be grateful to them. Also, is there a family that opposes you? You must be grateful to that family. And is there a denomination that opposes you? You must be grateful to that denomination. Even if the nation and the world oppose you, you must be grateful.

<014254>

Behold, the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world

Furthermore, even if the spirit world and the physical world oppose you, and even if heaven says it does not know you, you must have an eternally unchanging heart. You must have the faith that you will not change.
A believer with unchanging faith must emerge, even if Satan, who caused the fall of Adam and Eve, opposes, and even if Jesus, the Holy Spirit, and even God say they do not know him. This is the final mission that remains, but today the 2.4 billion people of humankind, the Christians who believe in Jesus, do not know this for sure. And it is not the end just because you have become an individual with such faith. You must create such a family, society, nation, and world. If you do not become saints with this kind of faith, you will have no relationship whatsoever with God's will. The path for Jesus to come to you as the bridegroom will be blocked.

Digest persecution with love and be victorious

Jesus' love was in place of God's love. And God's love is a love that cannot be broken by the opposition of any being in the universe. You must receive this love of God. To do so, you must become victorious sons and daughters who can bravely digest it and not be overcome by it, even if all the sins of this world are cast upon you and Satan tests you. Otherwise, you will have no relationship with the love of God, who is working as the center of power and the center of existence in this universe.
Therefore, just as Jesus Christ was treated unjustly by the people on this earth, but rather worried about them and shed tears, so in the last days, many such saints must emerge from among the believing saints. If there are many such saints, there can be no division between denominations. And even if they are not martyred, because the action of the conscience, the action of the truth, and the action of the power of the heavenly principle are great, the whole world cannot help but follow such saints.

<014255>

Only when you stand in this position can you set up the goal of victory, build a family of victory, an altar of victory, and a world of victory, and connect that victory to heaven. You must keep in mind that you have such a responsibility.
And the fights that arise centered on you as an individual today, all the things that happen centered on you as an individual, are not limited to you as an individual. Therefore, you must be careful. If you as an individual make a mistake, it will affect the whole.
Now, you must not become a person who stands in the way of God's will. You must go the path of sacrificing for the whole.
And if there is a good person, you must serve him well. Even if there is an evil person, you must be able to worry and feel more sorry for him than that person. Becoming such an individual, you must go forth bearing even the suffering of the cross to create such a family, society, and world. You must become a person who endures and is victorious in place of the heart of Jesus Christ and to fulfill the will of God. *

<01417>

God's Providence and the Supranatural Nature of Adventure

Luke 22:24-46
<Prayer (I)> Father, who has unfolded the history of toil to this day for all humankind, who bear the mission of having to tear down the wall of resentment that has penetrated the celestial world! Now we have come to know in our hearts that we must tear down the wall of resentment that has penetrated heaven, and we have come to know well through the word that by resolving that resentment on earth, a connection is made with the celestial world.
Please allow us to keep in mind the fact that the Father is calling us today. You have established each of us living today as a being in place of the Father, and you have established us as the Father's sons and daughters before all humankind, so now please allow only the Father's glory to be revealed in our one body, and please allow only the Father's goodness and righteousness to appear in our movements.
Thus, wherever we gather, we can be in harmony centered on the Father's love, and we earnestly hope and desire, loving Father, that you will allow the song of victory that gives glory to the Father to fill heaven and earth.
Heaven does not forget us at this hour, is calling us, and is commanding the will of the desire it has for us, but when we think about whether we today have become beings who can respond to that call and whether we have become beings who can be offerings of harmony before the Father, please forgive us for not having become such beings and for still being in a position that is insufficient, imperfect, and incomplete.

December 2, 1956 (Sunday), former headquarters church.

<014257>

Please forgive us.
Now, as we open our hearts, repent again, and become offerings of sanctification,
Please allow the deep-seated resentment in heaven to be resolved through us,
and allow us to become Your sons and daughters who can greet such a day of joy,
Father, I earnestly hope and pray.
The final barrier of difficulty in the last days lies before us, and a course where we must fight for our lives
lies before us. In this course of battle, please do not let us become immature and wretched ones
who collapse holding resentment against Heaven, Father, I earnestly hope and pray.
This body and mind are already determined and I wish to offer them as a sacrifice, so please do not consider it insufficient
but accept it, and as an offered sacrifice, allow us to become sons and daughters who can entrust everything to the Father and await the Father's
command, beloved Father, I earnestly hope and pray.
Father, this hour is a holy hour. Father, this day is a holy day.
Father, please allow this entire year to be a holy year, and bless Your sons and daughters who have gathered representing this
people, wherever they may gather. Please raise the flames of the Holy Spirit that were hidden in Heaven and send down the works of the Holy Spirit
promised in the last days. Please pour it out like water. Father, please allow there to be many sons and daughters who can tear down the wall of
resentment. So that in every place they gather, it may become a hidden altar and at the same time a revealed altar, so that they may be victorious in the universal
battle, Father, please allow it, and in response to Heaven's direct command,
allow us to be victorious in the universal battle and to be able to raise the beacon of victory before the Father,
Father, I earnestly hope and pray.
Father, Your sons and daughters have gathered here now, so please take dominion over each of their bodies and
minds. If there are any sons and daughters who have not yet escaped from the delusional thoughts centered on themselves,
please allow them to cast all of it away. Please allow them to become living sacrifices before the Father, and please allow this
hour to be one in which they are offered as a sacrifice with meekness and humility. Please allow us to share the gift of joy,
and please allow this to be an hour in which we can share the gift of harmony,

258

God's Providence and Supernatural Adventurism

my Father, I earnestly hope and pray.
There are sons and daughters who are weary and wounded from the battle. Father, through Your compassion, please admonish
them and allow the grace of this one hour to govern their lives.
Please allow them not to lose the standard of the course of life, please allow the stimulating power
and impulse of life to arise, and please allow them to experience the Father's deeply hidden love
and be immersed in the Father's love. And so,
please allow all of us to give thanks and bring the tens of millions of saints on earth into harmony, so that they may
build an altar of victory giving thanks before the heavenly throne,
Father, I earnestly hope and pray.
I earnestly ask that the will You intend to reveal, the will You desire, may be fulfilled even through us who are unworthy,
and as I have entrusted everything to You, Father, please take dominion. I have reported this in the name of the Lord.
Amen.
<Prayer (II)> We have stepped forward boldly on behalf of Heaven, but, Father, we are
so inadequate. As we who have nothing wish to remain before the Father,
please allow us to step forward without hesitation for the sake of this people and cry out.
Until this day and this hour, in order to resemble the heart of God that others do not know,
and in order to follow the path of the will that others deny, our bodies and minds have been wounded in various ways;
Father, please look upon us with compassion.
There were times when we shed tears in secret and resented Heaven. You promised
us a day of hope not far away, and You permitted the final fruit of the will to us who have endured
and followed, but we are concerned today whether we can dare to handle it,
and we cannot suppress our feelings of awe and trepidation before the Father.
Father, please take dominion over all of Your sons and daughters gathered here on this day.
Please allow the Father's will of joy to appear in our minds and bodies.
Through the Father's manifestation and the Father's works, please remove our unrighteous thoughts,
unrighteous principles, and unrighteous concepts. And so, through us,
please allow the moving work of history, through which the resentment that has penetrated the heavenly kingdom can all be liquidated at this hour,
to arise over all, Father.

259

Please allow the work of repentance to arise in our hearts. Please strike our bodies with the work of power,
so that the elements of evil are removed and only the elements of good may be clearly revealed forever
before the Father who exists in reality. And so,
that we may respond to the Father's goodness with our original essence and nature, and harmonize with the Father's love,
so that by seeing this body of beauty, the Father may enjoy it, and at the same time,
even the saints in heaven may harmonize through us at this hour and return a song of glory
before the Father, please bless us. Father, I earnestly
hope and pray.
Even at this hour, the dark waves of sin try to invade each person's mind and body;
please grant us strength and power. Please let us know that the more sons and daughters who gather,
the more Cain-like and Abel-like beings there are among them,
and please do not let us stand in the Cain-like position.
Please allow them to become Abel-like sacrifices and fulfill their responsibilities as substantial sacrifices themselves,
and please allow them to subjugate the Cain-like beings before the Father on behalf of Abel.
Please allow the work of the Father's power and authority to appear before this entire gathering at this hour,
O Father, I earnestly hope and pray.
O Father! Please allow us to bear in mind at this hour that the mission You have entrusted to us today
is not for the salvation and liberation of my own self.
Please allow us to know that the fate of this people hangs on us today. Please allow the 2.4 billion people of the world
to be able to establish a condition of appeal to heaven and earth through us today.
Father, as we stand on the solemn and serious path of life and death, with our right hand holding onto Heaven
and our left hand striking Satan, until we can achieve victory and raise both hands to return the glory of Hosanna
to the Father, Father, please hold onto us.
Please take dominion over all the sons and daughters gathered at this hour. Among the sons and daughters present,
please do not let there be anyone who still harbors the bitter root of evil in their heart and is unwilling to repent.
Please appear with power and remove and explode all the bitter roots of sin
cherished in their hearts.

260

God's Providence and Supernatural Adventurism

Please allow this one hour to be a time when we can distinguish what is Satan's as Satan's and what is Heaven's as Heaven's,
and be offered before the Father as a sanctified sacrifice of joy.
Father, I earnestly hope and pray.
At this hour, Your lonely sons and daughters, Your sons and daughters scattered in the provinces with the word of the new gospel,
we know it is difficult for them to kneel alone and substitute the path of a sacrifice before Heaven,
so, Father, please be with them.
Your lonely sons and daughters who face the will of the time at an untimely moment, please do not let them grow weary in the fight against Satan.
Father, who has protected us until now, we know that they hope for the grace of Your protection after this hour as well, so wherever they
are, please allow them to substitute for Your will and to more than resolve Your deep-seated resentment.
Even if all of us offer our lives as sacrifices, please allow us to embrace the Father's resentful heart
and offer thanks and worship before Heaven, and by establishing us as bodies of beauty that the Father can delight in,
returning the glory of Hosanna, please allow us to become figures who can quickly fulfill Heaven's will without remainder,
Father of love, I earnestly hope and pray.
On this day, there are many altars gathered before the Father's knees on behalf of the people;
please be with them, Father, so that they do not build altars of evil because they do not know the will.
Please allow the moving work of history of Heavenly Father to arise at this hour in the denominations gathered on behalf of this people,
so that each and every heart may be united, and denomination by denomination may be united, and be offered before the Father as one worldwide altar of victory.
O Father! I earnestly hope and pray.
Please take charge of and preside over all things for this one hour. Please allow only the will of joy
to operate at this hour. Please reveal only the will of joy. I earnestly
ask this, and I have prayed in the name of the Lord. Amen.
<Prayer (III)> Father, this word is the word of re-creation. We know that You are lamenting
that the substantial being of the word of goodness, of which You said in the Garden of Eden, "It is good. It is good," does not exist on earth.
We know that as long as the condition to find the lost word of goodness remains,
we will not be able to find the good substantial being.

261

Father, please reveal the good word to this one congregation. Please give a new command with the found word of goodness,
so that the Father's special work of re-creation to establish a substantial being of goodness may arise in the congregation through their bodies and minds,
Father, I earnestly hope and pray.
Now that I have come forward with the word, please allow the hearts of the one who delivers and the ones who receive to become one.
We know the principle that when a figure who can be proud by setting a relative standard is established,
the whole can be created through him, so, Father, please come to Your sons and daughters whom You have established here,
establish the center of the word, and bring about the work of history of the condition to overcome the authority of Satan, and if
my body and mind are captured within the satanic realm, please allow me to discern and separate through the word
and receive the Father's seal of sanctification, Father,
I earnestly hope and pray.
At that time, many words are not necessary. We have heard and known many words
until now, but, Father, we know that we need the power for our hearts to be reborn,
so please work with power and work with might.
Please reveal the word of life that can resurrect by removing all concepts of evil,
and please bring about the work of history of the resurrection of re-creation, Father, I earnestly hope and pray.
More than anything, please let us become people who can understand the Father's heart,
who wishes to see the completion of one beauty at this hour through an experiential heart, experiential feeling, experiential concept, and experiential repentance,
and I earnestly ask that you allow this to be a time when we can be offered as one sacrifice, and I have prayed all these words
in the name of the Lord. Amen.
<Sermon> Among the words we read for today's service, there is a passage where Jesus made
a great, adventurous resolution before the final cross. Therefore, the title of the sermon I would like to think about with you today is "God's Providence and Supernatural Adventurism."
I will speak for a short time under the title "God's Providence and Supernatural Adventurism."

262

God's Providence and Supernatural Adventurism

Today, we who believe are continuously going through a course of battle
with the universal day of judgment before us. This course is not a smooth course.
Therefore, if you cannot establish a great, adventurous center and have a victorious center
that can push away the remaining universal judgment of resentment,
you will become a loser in the historical course, and a loser in the course of life.

The Final Universal Judgment and Self-Awareness

Therefore, you must keep in mind that the providential history of God is a providential history
that starts adventurously and foretells an adventurous conclusion.
The environment and various conditions that allow us to live a life of faith freely today
are not something you yourselves have achieved. The fact that I can call upon God
in such a free position and live a life of faith in a free position
is because our ancestors have crossed numerous adventurous passes.
You must know this. And if you do not feel this keenly in your life and in your course of faith,
you must also realize that you cannot cross the pass of the final universal judgment.
Prior to that, you must know for what reason Heaven has called and established me, one person, today,
and you must be able to explain for yourself what kind of being I am, one who is crossing
the 6,000-year historical pass of resentment.
Also, have I, today, created a center of freedom that can cross the universal pass of resentment
that is blocked by the resentment of all ages and by Satan? And do I have a victorious center
that can confidently cross the judgment seat of resentment that remains in the future?
You must think about such questions. At what stage is your faith today?
You must think about the various problems of the past, present, and future of myself, who is connected to Heaven
until the entire providence of Heaven is completed through the historical process, the present process, and the future process.

263

Now, Heaven has established me, one person, and entrusted me with the entire mission of the last days,
If there is a will to establish me and reveal the glory of victory, that will
would be a will that stands for the will of the 6,000-year providence. And the standard by which Heaven seeks to establish me is to cross over the hill of the Last Judgment. In other words, it is the new
standard of the new heaven and new earth.
Therefore, if you do not possess the standard of the new heaven and new earth, where you can live for ever and ever, and the environment of victorious freedom, you cannot stand as a victor before the providence of God who has come through the course of history.
Now, looking back on the past, the reason Heaven has established me today is not to save me alone. I was established as a fruit to resolve the historical resentment. You must keep this in mind and resolve the resentment of the fall that has been bound up since Adam. You must also resolve the adventurous and resentful heart of Noah, and you must resolve the adventurous life of Noah.
Thereafter, from Abraham to Isaac, Jacob, and Moses, and the successive prophets and sages, you must take on the adventurous lives they walked and the legacy they left behind, and using that as a stepping stone, you must establish a confident center that can confidently cross the judgment seat that remains in the future. If you do not, you must keep in mind that you will become a straggler in the historical battle with Satan.
Noah, Who Walked the Path of Adventure
Now, let's look back at our ancestors of the past. First, if we look at the life of Noah, it was not a smooth life. What must have been Noah's heart when he received the command from God, "I will judge the world with water in 120 years, so build an ark on the top of Mount Ararat"? It was not ten or twelve days, nor was it 12 years, but 120 years.... The words to build an ark on the top of Mount Ararat were words that could not be reconciled with the reality of that time.

264

God's Providence and Supranatural Adventurism

From Noah's situation of receiving and carrying out such a command from God, he was truly a madman, a person who could not possibly fit into that era. Having received a tremendous command from God, Noah made a firm resolve and determination internally. And for a period of not just one day, but 120 years, he lived steadily looking toward one day. You must know that such a Noah was an adventurous pioneer who stood before Heaven on behalf of the 1,600-year history, something that had not existed in the 1,600-year course of history.
Thus, with a determined heart, whether God would take charge or not, whether the people of the world would curse him or not, for Noah, who believed in the command once given as a promise of the unchanging will, all those conditions were not a problem. The standard from which he had already departed for the sake of the will, the steps he took with his life at stake and his life abandoned, before those steps, all those things were not a problem. And so, Noah silently walked the course of repeated toil for a long period of 120 years.
For such a Noah, there must have been criticism from his family. The criticism from society must have also been great. However, the path that humans did not know, the path that people did not take, the path that no one in the 1,600-year course of history had ever gone, no one could block the steps of Noah who set out to break through the path of heaven alone. You must keep in mind that Noah was an adventurous person who could boldly overcome the social environment of that time and the whole world pushing him away.
Thus, no matter what trials or difficulties came his way, Noah surely overcame them, and after 120 years, he found and established one restored family that the family of Adam had lost. You must know this historical situation of Noah.
Abraham was also the same. For Abraham, who received the command from God to leave Ur of the Chaldees, it was not a simple matter. When God told him to leave Ur of the Chaldees, leaving behind his beloved hometown and abandoning all his relatives and neighbors, Abraham's heart was truly at a loss.

265

Humanly speaking, it was something that could never happen.
However, Abraham, who received God's command, transcended all the circumstances in which he had lived until then. He transcended his family, gave up all the household goods he had lived with so diligently, and set out with his bundle. Such a step by Abraham was truly something that could not have happened in the reality of that time. Even if there were people who felt for the will and thought about the will, who could have stood on Abraham's side and said, "You are right. The path you are taking is just, so please lead me"?
Whether the world recognized him or not, Abraham set out with a single-minded devotion to the will, with the heart of leaving Ur of the Chaldees forever. Thus, as he moved his steps as Heaven led him, no matter what adventurous, steep mountains blocked his way, and no matter what hill of death blocked his way, he endured and broke through them.
Abraham's Supranatural Faith
God took Abraham, the eldest son of Terah, a seller of idols, and established him in such a position. Abraham, who was so established, made a firm resolve, saying, "On the path I am going, even if my beloved parents hold me back, even if my beloved friends hold me back, even if my beloved siblings hold me back, this center of mine cannot change." That was not all. Abraham was commanded to offer Isaac, the son he had obtained at the age of one hundred to fulfill the blessing, as a burnt offering to God, and he obeyed. That command was an adventurous condition that had never existed in history. It was a condition that would determine hundreds of millions of matters, including the affairs of heaven and earth, and the affairs of heaven and earth, and without knowing this, Abraham, after receiving the command to offer Isaac as a sacrifice, was about to offer his son on the altar.
Think of Abraham, who was about to pierce his beloved son with a knife as a sacrifice. This was truly a supranatural consciousness. At that time, who could have acknowledged such faith of Abraham? Abraham's

266

God's Providence and Supranatural Adventurism

This adventurous act presented by Abraham shows that Abraham's body belongs to Heaven and Abraham's family are bodies belonging to Heaven, so not only Abraham, but also his family and all his material possessions must follow God's command. Abraham realized this fact in the process of offering his only son as a burnt offering.
So Abraham was about to offer Isaac as a burnt offering with the heart, "I gave birth to this son, but he is yours, so I will give him to you," and he broke through the realistic environment. You must realize the center of faith of these successive ancestors.
Jacob was also the same, and Moses was also the same. When God established them, He did not let them walk a smooth path.
After Jacob was born, he had to fight to take away the birthright from Esau, and Moses was also caught in the condition of a fight from his birth.
Moses, Who Walked the Path of Adventure and Revolution
Moses was called by Heaven at a time when the Israelites were going through 400 years of hardship in the land of Egypt, the land of their enemies. Thus, under the fearful oppression of Pharaoh, he was protected by his mother for three months, and then he was taken by Pharaoh's daughter and lived in the palace for 40 years. You may think that Moses' life in Pharaoh's palace was a luxurious and good environment.
However, Moses, who faced the will, was in the Egyptian palace, but he was not an Egyptian. The fact that he was God's chosen people representing Israel became more and more deeply embedded in his heart as the days went by. Thus, when Moses, who had lived for 40 years alone with the integrity of Israel, came out of the palace and saw an Israelite being treated unfairly by an Egyptian, his righteous indignation, which he could not bear, exploded and he beat the Egyptian to death.
After that, he left Pharaoh's palace and began his life as a shepherd in Midian with the will of the blessing of Israel left in his heart. That life was not a comfortable life. No one of that era could understand Moses, who had abandoned the luxurious palace of Pharaoh and was living as a shepherd.

267

However, Moses did not despair and built up a secret altar for Heaven, a hidden altar for Israel. Because he was such a Moses, when he was 80 years old, God chose him and established him as the protagonist who could resolve the resentment of the nation.
After that, all the steps Moses took were adventurous. Because he embraced the center of God's providence that transcended reality, his entire life was also supranatural, and what he looked at and what he fought for were also supranatural.
When Moses went to Pharaoh's palace after receiving God's command, God should have blessed and protected Moses who was going on the path He had told him to go, but instead, God blocked Moses' path and tried to kill him. Why did God block the path of Moses, who was going according to His own command, and try to kill him? Realistically, it was something that could never happen. There is something here that we humans cannot know.
Thinking about it realistically, it was a hill that could never be crossed. However, Moses, who had already made up his mind, crossed the condition of the test where God blocked him and Satan blocked him, with the heart of praying for only one thing, the fulfillment of the will, whether he lived or died. Thus, you must know that Moses, who was convinced of the supranatural existence of God in Pharaoh's palace and performed more than 10 miracles, was a universal, adventurous revolutionary who had never existed in the 4,000-year history. In this way, Moses led the 600,000 Israelites with a supranatural faith in the will, without yielding to anyone's opposition. Seeing this, you must know that Moses' entire life was a course of supranatural adventure.
Jesus, Who Was Prepared for a History of Adventure
The one who came as the messenger for world restoration after Moses, the representative of national restoration, is Jesus. Jesus knew that in the course of the 4,000-year history, numerous prophets and sages had lived supranatural lives to fulfill God's will. And he keenly felt that he himself was the one who had the responsibility to complete the will that the prophets and sages had come for the sake of God's providence but had not been able to achieve.

268

God's Providence and Supranatural Adventurism

Looking back on history, Jesus realized that the resentment of numerous prophets and sages remained and that the providence of restoration had not yet been concluded, and he was determined to conclude it.
He was truly determined to walk the supranatural, adventurous course to pioneer the 4,000-year course. You must know that Jesus was a person who had the determination to walk a course that was more than the sum of the adventurous historical courses of numerous prophets and sages.
Because Jesus was burdened with the mission of settling the universal history of adventure, he walked the path of adventure from his birth. His life was also a life of supranatural adventure. And you must know that in the end, even the path of death on the cross was a path of supranatural adventure.
Then, what was Jesus' life based on? It was a life that summed up the 4,000-year history, a life that concluded the adventurous course that had been filled with Heaven's resentment until then, and a life of supranatural victory that did not exist on earth to establish a new foundation of victory.
The Obedience of Mary and Joseph
Now, what you need to know is that Jesus was born through the body of the Virgin Mary. If there had not been a person like the Holy Mother Mary before Jesus, who came with an adventurous life, what would have become of God's will? If there had not been a Virgin Mary like the Holy Mother Mary, that is, a woman of Heaven, Jesus Christ could not have been born. If there had not been a foundation of an adventurous offering like Mary on earth, the birth of Jesus, who had to be born with a new life through an adventurous course, could not have happened.
When an angel appeared to the Virgin Mary and told her, "You will conceive and give birth to a son," Mary asked, "How can this be, since I do not know a man?" The angel replied, "God, with whom nothing is impossible, has chosen you." At that time, Mary replied, "Behold, I am the handmaid of the Lord; let it be to me according to your word."

269

This one word represented a universal adventure.
At that time, if the fact that a virgin had conceived was revealed, she would be stoned to death according to the law established through Moses, but Mary went beyond the realistic circumstances and said, "Lord, let it be as you will. I am your handmaid, so let it be as you will. I am yours whether I die or am ruined, so let it be as you will." In this way, Heaven gave birth to Jesus because there was a substantial, living offering, Mary, on earth.
That's not all. In the life of faith that you believe in and follow today, you
There are many paths of unknown adventure. Joseph, who was informed in a dream that his betrothed, Mary, was with child, considered breaking off his relationship with her due to various humanistic concerns. The fact that the virgin he was engaged to was pregnant brought Joseph much humanistic distress. However, Joseph decided to take responsibility for all that had happened and save Mary. It was not an easy thing to do. It was a supernatural event.

For that reason, today you have the mission to go the way Jacob went, the way Joseph went, and you have the mission to follow the way Jesus went, the way Mary went. Therefore, you must know that such a supernatural scene is laid before you, that an adventurous pass through which you can communicate supernaturally is laid before you.

Jesus, Who Walked a Path of Supernatural Adventure from Birth

People did not recognize Jesus, who stepped forward with the sorrow of 4,000 years of history, resolved to be offered as a sacrifice for the sake of one will, whether he lived or died. They did not know that he was the Messiah, the savior of all people. Seeing this, Jesus’ birth was supernatural from the beginning, and he lived a new, ideal life of adventure. You must know that this remains unfulfilled today as the will required at the time of the Second Advent.

Looking at Jesus’ life, from the time he lived and grew up in the family of Joseph and Mary, there was anxiety and worry about the will. He was also criticized and accused by his younger siblings. Jesus’ life of about 30 years did not turn out as Joseph had first intended for him. Joseph loved his own biological son more than Jesus. Therefore, we must know that Jesus also did not have a family environment that fit the social form of the time.

Thus, all of Jesus’ life, who lived like a stepchild and died on the cross, was a supernatural life. In such an environment, while facing all kinds of family discord, Jesus silently overcame it all. Finally, appearing with the will and testifying that he was the Messiah of all people was also not realistic.

Because Jesus was one who went forth with the new gospel of heaven, beyond the dimension of the law established as the creed of Judaism through a long history, he was never welcomed realistically wherever he went, wherever he stayed. Thus, Jesus was driven out by his family, by John the Baptist, and by Judaism, and stood in a place where he had no one to rely on. However, you must know that even in that place where he had no one to rely on, Jesus was not one who sought a place to comfort himself.

Jesus, who knew God’s will, proclaimed the new gospel of the New Testament. When John the Baptist first testified about Jesus, an environment was prepared where all the priests and scribes of Judaism could recognize him. However, as he went through the three-year public life course, Jesus’ position gradually declined, and in the end, he was in a position where only fishermen and insignificant women followed him.

Before Jesus, who had to establish God’s ideal, there had to be an eternal promise as a promise and an eternal will as a will, but in reality, such things could not be found. You must know that the heart of Jesus who gathered a crowd of over 5,000 in the wilderness and blessed them for them towards heaven, and the heart of Jesus who prayed earnestly before the tomb of Lazarus, was a heart filled with a sorrow that could not be compared to anyone on earth.

Throughout 4,000 years of history, countless prophets and saints fought with a heroic resolve and inner sorrow, living adventurous lives for the sake of God’s will, but it could not compare to the inner sorrow of Jesus. Jesus had to break through the heart of all the resentment of 4,000 years of history and satisfy the heart of God’s inner sorrow.

Those who followed Jesus were not people welcomed by the Jewish people. They were not people recognized by the Jewish saints.

Jesus had to go a way that no one in society or the church welcomed. Jesus was in a position where he could not stay in a free environment wherever he went.

Jesus’ Bitter Heart

When Moses led the 600,000 people of Israel, the Red Sea blocked his front, and Pharaoh’s chariots were coming from behind. Moses, on behalf of the 600,000 people who feared death, confronted that test of death with a creed that could overcome and remain. You must know that it was a way to revive the 600,000 people.

It is the same with Jesus feeding the crowd of over 5,000 with five loaves and two fish. The heart of Jesus as he looked at the numerous crowd scattered in the field as the day was ending was a heart that could not be found in any person on earth in reality. It was truly a heart of a great adventure that had to be found before heaven. Because Jesus cried out to the Father with this heart, he brought about an adventurous history of creation.

We must feel that Jesus was one who was born adventurously from birth, who went the path of adventure while living, and who returned to the adventurous standard even when he was crucified at the end. Seeing this, Jesus’ life was not just an insignificant life that could be or not be. It was not a gentle and cool life.

Now you must re-analyze your believing self and match it to the life course of Jesus. If you have a heart that wants to be the bride of Jesus Christ, you must know the life of Jesus, who went through an adventurous life of 30 years from his birth, through Golgotha, a life of humiliation and adversity, to the path of destiny of being hung on the cross, the path of adventurous death.

Truly, Jesus’ life was a life that started with adventure and ended with adventure. We must feel in our hearts, hour by hour, the bitter heart of Jesus who came as the bridegroom but went the path of death lonely, Jesus who died for me, Jesus who died to save me, a heart that pierces our bones and flesh.

Today, in this end time, if there is a gift you can give to Jesus, what would it be? It is to embrace the anxious heart of Jesus Christ who went through an adventurous course, dedicating his life, and to become a unique, universal, adventurous offering that cannot be found even if the whole heaven and earth are mobilized, an offering more excellent than anyone else before the whole world, before the whole heaven and earth.

Therefore, now you must realize the resentful heart of God who has come through the course of history until now and go up from a lowly position. You should not seek to take on any task in a joyful place. You must live with a heart that can die for the sake of the will. Think about it. If Jesus Christ, who died for the earth, resents the earth, there will be no one who can resent more than that.

However, Jesus did not come for himself. He came first for history, for the Israeli denomination, and for the people of Israel. He came for the disciples who were following him, and furthermore, for the nation, the country, the world, and the cosmos. His life was a life for the nation, the country, the world, and the cosmos, and even his death was not a death for himself.

But who said that this path of Jesus was right? Think of Jesus who was betrayed by his beloved disciples at the pass of death, and who had to take responsibility for everything, left alone! If he were to be resentful and resentful towards humans, even if he beat the ground and cried and cried, he would not be able to resolve the resentment of his 30-year life, and there would be no way to be compensated for the hardships he received during that time. However, Jesus was concerned that humanity at that time would suffer under Satan’s rule, and with a heart of compassion, even at the place of death of being crucified, he prayed for the betrayed nation, the betrayed disciples, and all the betrayed humanity. Because he was a Jesus of sorrow, he could be their friend even if the ancestors of this land appealed with 4,000 years of history, and even if all the people of that time appealed, and he could strike himself for the opposing nation and pray for the enemies who opposed him. This is something that has not happened in the 4,000-year history of mankind. Also, you must know that this was a universal, adventurous event to tear down the wall of sin that had penetrated heaven and earth.

If Jesus is the King of kings, you must believe his promise to become the queen of the King of kings and live, entrusting everything to the will, whether you live or die.

Jesus went this way. Jesus’ life was such a life. Jesus’ hope was to live for the will and die for the will in that way.

We Who Must Follow the Path of Adventure, Following the Example of Our Ancestors and Jesus

Then, what should we do today, and what should we know? We must know Jesus, who blessed humanity even at the place of death, and who went with all the inner sorrow filled with a resentful heart. We must transfer the heart of Jesus, who went the path of adventure, establishing one will on earth, to our hearts, and by realizing the death of Jesus, we must resolve the resentment that has penetrated Jesus’ heart through the path of universal adventure today.

Among those who believe in Jesus, there are many who pray to the Father for blessings. However, before you ask for blessings, you must realize the sorrow that has penetrated Jesus’ heart. Not only that, but you must also know Jesus’ life and the course of the cross. You must know today that there was a sorrow of an adventurous course that only Jesus and God knew, which humans did not know, and you must realize the heart of inner sorrow that Jesus could not speak of.

Thus, you must be able to say, “Lord! We will resolve your resentment and all the historical resentment. Please whip us. Please work so that we can fulfill the will that you sought to achieve through all the historical nations. Thus, please work so that we ourselves do not fall, but can stand as an adventurous offering that represents the universal history and resolves the resentment left by countless prophets and saints.”

Now, the hope we desire is to fulfill the will that Jesus Christ left as a legacy on earth. It is our destiny to re-establish the will of Jesus Christ that has fallen to the extreme. History has flowed through the adventurous course of the individual, through the family, through society, through the nation, and through the world. Therefore, when an individual among Christians tried to fulfill the will, an adventurous course was added to that individual’s path. The family was also the same, society was also the same, the nation was also the same, and the world was also the same. Now you must know that this adventurous gateway is placed before you. Therefore, today you must be able to be offered as an adventurous offering on behalf of the adventure of my own body, the life of my own body, standing before the adventurous crossroads of life and death and the universal judgment seat, on behalf of the life of the nation, and on behalf of the people of the world.

And we must be able to follow the life course that the past prophets and saints walked and the life course that Jesus Christ walked, in any era and in any environment today. Furthermore, no matter who, when, or what conditions are presented, we must have the resolve and courage to establish a supernatural self and appeal to the whole universe, and to step forward as one who represents the will of heaven.

We Who Must Be Offered as an Adventurous Offering

Now, today, when the day of the Second Advent is near, you must carry out one final, universal, and adventurous mission of 6,000 years of history. If that mission is universal, you too must become a relatively universal being. You must know that only by stepping forward with an adventurous inner resolve here can you carry out that mission.

What would happen if God’s will were to be fulfilled differently from the life of faith we are living? Until now, the history of God has progressed through a supernatural, adventurous course.

Only by passing through this universal, adventurous gateway can you hold the final flag of victory and sing the hosanna of triumph before the Father, and become a being who can represent the position of the universal bride. Also, only then will you not be caught by any conditions, and you will be able to become a prince of heaven who sets the standard of supernatural adventure, no matter what persecution and criticism there may be in any environment.

You must know that only those who have the resolve to become such a prince will become the bride of Christ who can finally take responsibility for the will of God’s providence and reveal its glory. Let us pray.

<Prayer> At this time when the dawn of history is shining everywhere in heaven and on earth today, even if we are in sorrow, that one ray of light shines on our hearts and bodies.
have, for those who have the mark of life, those who possess the power of life,
Father! Please be with them.
Please quickly reveal Your works so that the Christians who believe today can walk
the remaining path of the universal adventure.
Father! The life of faith we have led until now has been centered on ourselves.
When did we ever resolve to lead an adventurous life for the sake of Jesus and for the sake of Heaven?
When did we ever pray, “I will become an adventurous offering before the Father”?
If there is no one like that among Your sons and daughters gathered here today,
Father! Please allow us to repent.
Please do not let us become abominable beings who do not know to fear before the amazing providence of Heaven.
Thus, please allow us to be people who can earnestly pray before the Father,
seeking to walk the path of adventure on behalf of the universe. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
Father, Your sons and daughters gathered here have struggled to find a supernatural life.
Their lives were not normal lives. If you call it a fanatical life, there could be no life more fanatical than that.
However, when we look through the past, present,
276

God’s Providence and Supernatural Adventurousness

and future, we know that it is not a fanatical life.
On this universal path of suffering, this universal path of adventure, please do not let us become petty people
who betray the Father. Father, please extend Your hand of power.
Knowing that the life Jesus walked is the model course for us to follow,
please allow us now to go through the history of resurrection and rebirth and have a new center for our lives.
Please allow us to build a new foundation for our lives, unite with new strength,
and walk a course that Heaven and earth can acknowledge.
Father, we earnestly desire this.
Please allow the words delivered today to become the life of the sons and daughters gathered here
and to be words that penetrate their bones and flesh. Please guide them to be offered as eternal offerings of victory,
and allow them to become sons and daughters who can establish conditions of appeal and resolve the resentment of Heaven.
We earnestly ask this and pray in the name of the Lord. Amen. *
18)

Those Who Will Possess the Kingdom of Heaven of Hope

Matthew 11:1-15
<Prayer (I)> Beloved Father! For a week, You embraced these insignificant ones
and worried in all sorts of ways. Father, please do not let our daily lives be according to our own will.
When we think of the grace You have given us so that we cannot do anything, even all that we say, according to our own will,
Father, we truly give You thanks.
Today, these young ones have come before the Father. First, we know that our minds
and bodies must become offerings like the gold, frankincense, and myrrh that the three wise men from the East offered.
First, please allow us to offer our minds and bodies.
Beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire that we do not become abominable figures before the holy altar.
We know that the Father who worked so hard to call these ones has gone through a sorrowful course of 6,000 years.
If each of us has been raised up before humankind with a great mission,
we know that our every action and every move must represent the entire faith of Heaven and express joy.
The more we know what the good purpose of Your choosing is, and the more we think about how You have found us again in our insufficiency,
the more we cannot help but repent for our shortcomings before the Father.
We have laid down all our consciousness, concepts, and assertions
and prostrated ourselves before the Father. Father, please hold onto us.
December 16, 1956 (Sunday), Former Headquarters Church.
278

Those Who Will Possess the Kingdom of Heaven of Hope

The waves of death are moving beyond time, but in the midst of this, Father, You have worked hard to find Your children.
We know that the grace You bestow upon us is not because we are worthy.
We also know that the Father’s sorrow will continue until the day the Christ comes again to this earth.
Father, please take charge of everything. Please take complete charge of our minds and bodies,
and please do not let this gathering be one of only people among themselves.
Please allow us to become figures who can comfort the Father’s sorrowful heart while embracing the 6,000-year history.
Beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire that the Trinity will take charge of our entire minds and bodies
so that we may unite as one offering and worship with joy together with all the saints.
Father, please look upon this thirty million people with pity. We know that You have worked hard
through a long historical course to love this people. We know that there was unknown toil
when You chose us to reveal Your will.
We know that there are Your sons and daughters who build altars, form a deep connection with the Father,
and appeal on behalf of the people, and we cannot help but be grateful to them.
Please bring about a new history of providence before them and a history of impulse.
Beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire that You will raise them up as revolutionaries who take responsibility before Heaven,
who can take responsibility and step forward alone on behalf of the Korean people.
We know that the resentment of the people has reached Heaven, and we know that the resentment of humankind on earth
has also reached Heaven. Since we know that Heaven is lamenting that there is no one to become an offering
on behalf of this sorrow of Heaven, please allow the children gathered here today
to become sons and daughters who entreat the Father to resolve the resentment that has filled this earth and this entire cosmos.
Please allow them to become sons and daughters who can stand before Satan on behalf of the Father and fight.
Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
Please allow our minds and bodies to move and unite, to harmonize around one will and sing of the Father’s grace.
Please allow this to be a time when we can give thanks for the grace of liberation and worship.
My Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
279

There are sons and daughters who are fighting in various regions, holding the beacon of the new word.
Father, please be with them wherever they stay. There is nothing on this earth to rely on.
There is nothing to rely on but the grace that Heaven has permitted.
They have entered a universal course of destiny where they must fight while being ridiculed by countless enemies.
Father, please urge them on with a whip.
On this day as well, we earnestly hope and desire, Father, that You will bestow the grace of Heaven
so that it fills and overflows in the minds and bodies of those gathered here with the same grace.
There are also sons and daughters who are praying with concern before the Father in lonely places on behalf of the will;
please protect their hearts and spirits.
We earnestly ask that You bestow the grace of what You will command and what You will permit.
Please be present here this one hour. We have prayed in the name of the Lord. Amen.
<Prayer (II)> Father, You have worked hard and providentially through the ages and centuries until the end of time.
Please allow us, who hope for the will of Your providence to be quickly fulfilled on this earth,
to take responsibility for that hard work on the earth and step forward.
Beloved Father, we earnestly hope and desire that You will allow us to become dignified sons and daughters
who can inherit the heavenly mission centered on the Father’s holy altar and fight against Satan on earth in place of Jesus.
On this day, we have read the words You have given. We have learned the fact that John the Baptist,
who came to the earth with a historical mission for Jesus, did fulfill the mission of testimony before Jesus,
but he could not conclude the heavenly mission of attendance.
Please allow the audience gathered in this one place, Your sons and daughters who are prostrate,
to reflect on their own selves. Please allow them to reveal their own selves before the Father.
Please allow them to become figures who put their own selves before all living beings and work hard
on behalf of God’s mission at the end of the age.
280

Those Who Will Possess the Kingdom of Heaven of Hope

Please allow them to become loyal servants who obey the heavenly mission and the word of calling that Heaven requires in this age.
The time of the will is limited, but humans, regrettably, do not know this and hope for it to be unlimited.
There are many pitiful people who do not know that life and death are decided at the present moment today.
Father, please allow the children gathered here to keep in mind the story left behind when John the Baptist appeared and testified at the time of the first coming.
Now, please allow us to open the doors of our hearts and build an internal altar to Heaven.
Please raise us up as sons and daughters who can confidently offer our bodies to the Father as a victorious offering over Satan.
We know that Heaven seeks confident and courageous warriors and does not want those who are servile and base and kneel before their enemies.
Please allow Your sons and daughters gathered here to become heavenly warriors who can cast away even their lives for the sake of the will.
We know that the time has now come when such warriors are needed.
Just as John the Baptist and the crowd that followed him, who faced the heavenly decree, burned with the internal heart of Heaven,
confronted the entirety of corrupt Judaism, and unfolded a new reality,
please reveal the light of Your compassionate love to this people through us today.
Please, do not withdraw the hand of Your providence.
Father, please bless the numerous altars being built for this people, and please allow there to be many sons and daughters
in every place who build hidden altars to become offerings like a preservative, holding onto the established denominations.
Father, You have called a lonely flock from among many people. We followed because we could not help but follow,
and we have come to realize that it is a difficult path. We know that we must pioneer the path of battle with a pioneer’s fighting spirit
and advance as heavenly warriors. Father, please embrace the young sons and daughters who are kneeling in Your honored presence.
If the path they are taking is the path of the Father’s will, please let them not mind the thorny path,
not mind the rugged mountains, and even if their bodies are torn and wounded, let them pioneer everything centered on the one will.
Please reveal only the grace of the Father’s counsel in their hearts.
281

This is not a time when many words are needed, but a time when we must move our hearts and reach the heavenly affection (cheonjeong),
a time when our hearts are moved and the entire family harmonizes centered on the Father’s will.
Father, we earnestly hope and desire that You will raise up Your children prostrate here as people of the original nature
who have prepared themselves inside and out and represent the Father’s heart.
Father! Please look with compassion on the pitiful flock that is following a lonely path.
Please forgive all the shortcomings of the people, and please forgive us for not being able to fully handle the mission
that the Father has placed on our shoulders. Please encourage the Father’s sons and daughters who have gathered in a special way,
and since You have raised them up, please do not let them become weary on the front line of the battle.
Oh, Father! Please give them unchanging faith until they fight and fight for the sake of the will, laying down their lives,
and achieve the one day of victory. Please allow them to have one unchanging center
so that, like a bomb thrown into enemy territory, they can advance without regard for the environment
and explode before the enemies for the victory of the Father’s will.
Father, we earnestly hope and desire that they become the Father’s sons and daughters who can do so.
Now we have come forward with the word. Father, please be with us, and please allow us to move centered on one heart.
Please allow us to become people who can offer everything before the Father, taking our sanctified selves
while being concerned for the heavenly will and looking upon the Father’s will ourselves.
If there are still humanistic elements and humanistic assertions and concepts that are governing something in our lives
that the Father cannot tolerate, Father, please work with Your power, and please work with the hand of re-creation.
We earnestly ask that You allow this to be a joyful time when we can report ourselves directly to the Father
and prostrate ourselves as humble offerings and confess. We have entrusted everything to You, so please guide us according to Your will.
We have spoken in the name of the Lord. Amen.
<Sermon> The title of the sermon I would like to contemplate with you today is “Those Who Will Possess the Kingdom of Heaven of Hope.”
I will speak under the title, “Those Who Will Possess the Kingdom of Heaven of Hope.”
282

Those Who Will Possess the Kingdom of Heaven of Hope

From the perspective of God’s ideal of creation, God hoped for the kingdom of heaven in the incorporeal world as well as
but also desired a concrete kingdom of heaven in the world of substance where you could personally dwell, and so you created all things. This is something you all know well.
In other words, God created the created world to see the glory of the spiritual kingdom of heaven and the substantial kingdom of heaven by establishing the heavenly kingdom and the earthly kingdom centered on God and Adam and Eve.

God's Ideal of Creation and the Result of the Human Fall

However, you also know well the fact that due to human mistakes, that is, the human fall, the heavenly kingdom and the earthly kingdom that God so desired disappeared without a trace. This heavenly kingdom and earthly kingdom were not built for God, but for human beings.
God's purpose of creating the heavens and the earth was to establish the earthly kingdom and the heavenly kingdom so that human beings who lived a heavenly life on earth by establishing the kingdom of heaven on earth centered on Adam and Eve could enter and live in the eternal world of the kingdom of heaven. However, due to the fall of Adam and Eve, the spiritual kingdom of heaven and the substantial earthly kingdom disappeared, and the heavenly world and the earthly world became a world of sorrow where Satan could freely accuse God.
After the fall, Satan's sphere of activity extended not only to the earth but also to the bottom of the heavenly throne. So Satan has been accusing human beings in the spiritual and physical worlds. Believers today do not know well that Satan has been moving with this authority.
You must feel to the bone the fact that the created world, which should have sung and rejoiced in God's glorious ideal of creation centered on Adam and Eve, was completely handed over to Satan due to human error, resulting in bringing sorrow to the Father who created it.
God has been carrying out the providence of salvation, establishing relationships with human beings through the remaining angels in order to restore this defiled land. God has been carrying out the providence of salvation in order to deal again with human beings who are in a position of betraying the holy God due to the fall, human beings who have fallen so completely that they cannot be compared even to all things. God has been working by building a bridge to rule over human beings who are dominated and accused by Satan, passing through the Old Testament era and the New Testament era until now.

Providence in the Old Testament Era

The Old Testament era was an era in which God had to work personally and deal with human beings with His glory. However, since that providence was not completed, He held sorrow and pioneered a way to deal with human beings through angels for the second time, which is the history of providence in the Old Testament era.
In the Old Testament era, God's will was conveyed through Noah and Abraham, who were established as messengers in the position of servants. In order to raise the people of this earth, who were asleep in darkness, to a position where the Father could deal with them, He chose the family of Abraham and established the nation of Israel. Thus, through the nation of Israel, a path was pioneered for human beings to gradually approach God.
Thus, heaven established a single standard by which it could work through angels. And by establishing the standard of having fulfilled God's will for Adam and Eve, He worked for 4,000 years until Jesus came in order to create a victorious foundation where He could directly deal with the Father. You must know this.
Jesus is the one who was established to raise human beings who are in a position to be dealt with by a servant to a position where they can be dealt with by a son, and the gospel given is the New Testament. Therefore, human beings after Jesus came to be in a position where they could deal with God through Jesus. Human beings who should have directly received God's love fell and could not directly receive God's love, so as we have passed through 6,000 years of history, what we have been hoping for until now is to go to a position where we can receive God's love after receiving the son's love.

Those Who Will Possess the Kingdom of Heaven of Hope

By receiving the son's love and fulfilling the ideal of creation, we must become God's sons and daughters who have a substance that can share joys and sorrows with God, who wanted to enjoy centered on love. Not only spiritually, but this body itself must go to a position where God can directly love it. You must know that this mission has remained for us because of the human fall.

Jesus' Mission and the Role of the Holy Spirit

Jesus came to this earth and had to establish human beings in a position where they could receive God's love. He also had to make them receive God's love in the position of a son like Jesus, both spiritually and physically. Jesus came to this earth with this mission, but because people did not believe, Jesus Christ could not complete the mission of establishing human beings in a position to receive God's love both spiritually and physically. He only pioneered a position where we could be called sons and daughters spiritually.
Then what is the ultimate purpose of God's providence of restoration? It is to complete the standard on this earth where people who exist as substances with both spirit and body can live while receiving God's love.
The one who has been working for 2,000 years since Jesus to complete this purpose is the Holy Spirit. Although the Holy Spirit has been working since Jesus' death until now, He is not working by directly establishing a providential foundation on the earth to complete the will of God's ideal of creation, but is playing the role of a bridge so that we can go to heaven through him. You must know this well.
Then what kind of people are those who can live a heavenly life on earth? What kind of spiritual beings are those who can live in the infinite spiritual world, the heavenly kingdom? The earthly kingdom and the eternal heavenly kingdom are places where only those who have received the love of Jesus and the Holy Spirit on earth, and beyond that, have received the Father's love directly, lived with the Father, and become victors of harmony centered on the ideal of love can live. You must know this.

Qualifications of the People of the Kingdom of Heaven

From the standard of God's creation, such a place is the kingdom of heaven of hope. If we acknowledge this, we must think about in which sphere you who are living today are hoping for the kingdom of heaven of hope, which was God's purpose of creation.
In Revelation 14:1, there is a verse that says, "Then I looked, and there before me was the Lamb, standing on Mount Zion, and with him 144,000 who had his name and his Father’s name written on their foreheads."
What standard are the heavenly gifts that Christians in the world today hope for based on? They are based on the gifts of the bridegroom and the bride. They think that this is all there is. However, as it is said, "and with him 144,000 who had his name and his Father’s name written on their foreheads," the Father's name is the problem.
Today, after you believe in Jesus the bridegroom and qualify as a bride, you should not remain only in Jesus' love, but use that love of Jesus as a stepping stone to go to a position where you can receive the love of God, who could not personally love human beings for 6,000 years.
This was the entire purpose of God's providence, and the purpose for which He sent Jesus Christ and worked for 2,000 years, but the saints of today do not know this.
Then when will we, beyond the position of bridegroom and bride, become victorious eternal beings and become substances that can harmonize centered on the Father's love from the earth to the heavens, that is, even in the kingdom of heaven of eternal life? You must have this kind of love relationship. This is the purpose of Jesus Christ and the purpose of God's providence.
Until now, you have believed in the hope of the love of the bridegroom and the bride. Now, holding the hand of Jesus Christ, you must go before the Father and say, "Father! Please treat us as if we have fulfilled the will of the 6,000 years you desired. We know that this is the purpose of God's creation, so Father! Please love us personally!" You must become such people. You must know that God's providence cannot end until such human beings are found not in the spiritual world, but in the world of substance.
Because Jesus Christ came to this earth and created the expectation of being able to acquire the authority of love of spiritual sons and daughters, if the people on earth form a relationship with Jesus Christ, become one, and inherit that authority of love, then the Satans who accused in the spiritual world, the Satans who accused on the earth with human sins as a condition, will have no way to accuse.

Effort for Complete Salvation

Satan took away Adam and Eve, whom God had created, not only their spirits but also their spirits and bodies combined. Therefore, you must keep in mind that on heaven's side, God has established us believers today in order to reclaim Adam and Eve, who are a combination of spirit and body, from Satan and to pioneer a way for God to personally love them.
Jesus Christ came to this earth with this amazing creative center of the universe as a standard. Then where did Jesus Christ set the standard for the final battle? It was in enabling the saints who followed Jesus to receive God's love both spiritually and physically, because they had only received God's spiritual love. Since receiving God's love both spiritually and physically is the hope, Jesus, who only carried out the providence of spiritual salvation, cannot enjoy complete glory in heaven. Even in heaven, he has to pray for us human beings on earth.
In this way, because the hope of Jesus Christ has not yet been completely fulfilled on earth, you must know that the twelve apostles centered on Jesus and the countless spiritual beings in paradise are being fully mobilized with this one hope as a standard.

For us who are in the last days today, the results of the efforts of the angels who cooperated in the course of providence remain. In addition, the results of the efforts of countless apostles remain. We must be responsible for all the results and conditions of these historical efforts today. We must also be able to resolve the grievances of the tens of thousands of saints who worked and cooperated on behalf of God's will of providence in the past, and all the spiritual beings in the spiritual world, including Jesus.
We who are in the last days, when we go before God on behalf of past history, must be recognized by Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit. And after going through the stage of being recognized by Jesus and the Holy Spirit, the Trinity will decide whether you can go before God. You must know that the New Testament providence is working up to this stage.

Recognition Stage, Decision Stage, Judgment Stage

What is the recognition stage here? It can be said to be the engagement stage before the wedding. What is the decision stage? It can be said to be the stage of qualifying to go to the holy ceremony as a bride. Then what is the final remaining stage? It is the judgment stage. This stage is a day when God sets human beings before Him and says, "This is my beloved, a being who can share joys and sorrows with me forever, a being who can receive God's love as an eternal and unchanging substance that I hoped for and desired as the ideal of creation," and God personally raises His hand and proclaims it before all things. This is the stage of judgment.
Although God has been carrying out His providence for 6,000 years, He has not yet had a universal day of judgment. The judgment that is given with this one day as a standard is the judgment.
You must go through this gate of judgment and inherit the blessing that God gave to Adam when He blessed him, saying, "Rule over all things." Thus, you must be born as a people of the heavenly kingdom and be able to say, "Father! Please love me. Seeing my historical conditions, I have known the will of Christ's hope, the will that the Holy Spirit and God desired, so Father, please bless me."

Those Who Will Possess the Kingdom of Heaven of Hope

You must become such a person. Such a person must appear on the earth in the last days.
Only after judging by setting up such a person will all created things know that they must serve us as God's own sons and daughters. Satan will surrender only after a relationship of God and His own sons and daughters is established.
For you who are facing this history of providence, the problem is to discern yourselves and decide what position you will stand in. First, you must stand in a position to be recognized by Jesus Christ and then by the Holy Spirit. Looking at this in the light of the history of providence, the recognition stage is the Old Testament era, and the decision stage is the New Testament era.
The stage of judgment is the era of the Second Advent.
History up to the present day has descended vertically through numerous courses.
However, the time is now coming when the history that has been descending vertically will unfold horizontally.
We, who are facing the providence of judgment after passing through the providence of recognition and the providence of decision for 6,000 years, must pass through the history that has flowed vertically and the horizontal history of the end of the age.
What does this mean? God's history has been a history of fighting against Satan. For 6,000 years, we have fought against Satan, but the battle has not yet been decided.
Numerous prophets and saints came and labored, but they could not fulfill God's will on earth. Thus, you must face a time when you can fulfill on earth the will of the many prophets and saints who passed away without fulfilling their will.
In these last days, many strange phenomena that you cannot understand will occur. People will appear, saying, “I am Elijah.”
Such a time will come. People will appear, saying, “I am Elijah,” “I am Moses,” “I am Paul,” or even “I am Samuel.”
Why do these phenomena occur? It is because of the principle of indemnity and restoration. In other words, it is because they must complete the restoration through indemnity of the mission they left behind.
Because they fought against Satan centering on the will of God's providence in the course of restoration through indemnity but could not establish the standard of victory, their mission has been extended to later generations.
Therefore, people who have taken on their mission appear, but they do not know that they have taken on the mission on their behalf and say that they are Paul or Elijah.

289

What we who are in the last days must know is that we must pass through the entire 6,000 years of the providence of recognition, the providence of decision, and the providence of judgment as one substantial being in which spirit and body are united. Only then can we escape from the conditions of Satan's accusation that have been established in the course of history. Only then can we go before Heaven.
To pass through all the stages of restoration
Now, you saints of the last days must broaden your hearts. The people on earth today must find the infinite world of Heaven, the ideal of the eternal kingdom of heaven that was created as our ideal. You must know that you must find it not through Jesus Christ in the spirit world but through people on earth.
Because Jesus and the Holy Spirit are in heaven but have no physical body, they cannot fulfill the ideal of the kingdom of heaven on earth. Therefore, God's sons and daughters who have physical bodies must fulfill the eternal ideal of the kingdom of heaven on earth. They must also escape from all the conditions that Satan has accused them of throughout the 6,000-year course of history.
When Abraham offered the three sacrifices—the dove, the ram, and the cow—he divided the ram and the cow, but because he did not divide the one dove, Heaven could not accept them.
You must not repeat such a thing.
You must pass through the final gate of sanctification. You must be able to sanctify and overcome your individual sins, that is, your personal sins, hereditary sins, lineage sins, and all historical sins. If you do not become such a person, you cannot become a son or daughter who can fulfill God's will to have dominion over all things.
You probably know the history of restoration through indemnity well. You today are not individual beings. Although God is dealing with you as individuals and loves you, that love is not a love for you alone. You must know that it is a love bestowed as the fruit of the ancestors who labored in the course of the 6,000-year providence of restoration.

290

Those who will possess the kingdom of heaven of hope

In these last days, if you have heard God's voice or received a command that He loves you personally, it is a great misunderstanding to think that it is a love that remains with you as an individual. It took 6,000 years for you to receive that love.
Therefore, that love is a historical love, a love for the fruit of 6,000 years of history. You must know this.
The universal value of human beings
Therefore, that being must have a character of love that resembles God's character and can remain before the will of the historical providence. Centering on this standard, God has been unfolding the providential history of struggle.
When Jesus Christ appeared as one substantial being of love after the 4,000-year history of the providence of restoration had passed, he knew that Heaven had established him as one substantial being who could integrate and bring to fruition the numerous religions and numerous peoples. Therefore, when Jesus preached the gospel to the people of Judea, he did not preach his own claims.
The gospel that Jesus proclaimed was proclaimed as a substantial being on behalf of the many prophets and saints who had labored throughout the 4,000-year history.
And Jesus did not preach the gospel from a momentary standpoint. Jesus tried to preach a gospel through which not only the people of his time could receive God's love, but also the people of the eternal future could receive God's love.
Therefore, if human beings are eternally inheriting the will of God's providence, you must know that everything that is being inherited originated from the one person of Jesus Christ.
Your movements are movements on behalf of heaven and earth. It is the hope of Jesus and the Holy Spirit, and the hope of the tens of thousands of saints in heaven, that you become God's true sons. They hope that true sons and daughters will come to the earth and establish a standard of victory. They also hope for the appearance of God's own sons and daughters, true substantial beings who have established such a standard. Realizing these facts, we should not think of ourselves as extremely insignificant beings.

291

From that perspective, you must understand what Jesus Christ said when he asked, “For what will it profit a man if he gains the whole world and forfeits his soul?”
Christians who say they have faith, you who have gathered here today who say you believe, how much have you felt this universal value? How much have you recognized that you yourselves are the unchanging sons of God?
In this sense, Jesus Christ's confident cry, “I am the Son of God,” is a motto that Christians today should follow.
In today's end of the historical age, Jesus is looking for a being who can establish himself and say, “I am an unchanging son of heaven.” He is looking for a being who can say that he is an unchanging son or daughter of God before Heaven, before Satan, and before any person. Jesus is demanding such a being.
I am the Son of God!
You have been trying to establish a standard of life in faith for decades. However, Heaven is looking for a person who can fight on behalf of the universal mission in the course of history, a person who can confidently say, “I am the Son of God.” He is demanding sons and daughters who can confidently swear and stand proudly before God.
He is looking for a person who is not servile to the indiscriminate accusations of Satan, who can block any angel of heaven who comes to push him away, and who can ably block even Jesus and the Holy Spirit if they come to push him away.
Jesus Christ, who came on behalf of the 4,000-year history, had an unchanging heart that said, “I am the Son of God,” even at the moment of his death on the cross, when his flesh and blood were torn. Even when Heaven did not know him at the time of his death, Jesus did not change because he keenly felt the 4,000-year history of restoration.
Among all the creatures that God created, there had been no son or daughter of God with both spirit and body until that time.

292

Those who will possess the kingdom of heaven of hope

What was the one standard that Jesus established that allowed him to get up again and move forward even when he was hit by the sorrows of this world, fell, and fell again? It was the recognition that he was a son whom God could love. With this recognition, Jesus fought boldly, overcoming any difficulty. You must also know this.
What happened to Jesus Christ, who came to this earth with such hope and ambition, Jesus Christ who had to practice this hope and ambition in the human world? What is this unexpected cross? If you were in a position to resonate with the heart of Jesus Christ, no matter how much you beat the ground and curse all things, his sorrow will not be resolved.
The reason God forsook Jesus and the unchanging Jesus
Because human beings had trampled on God's heart, abandoned God's will, and betrayed God over a long history, Jesus was placed in a position of being forsaken by God on behalf of humanity according to the principle of restoration through indemnity.
Jesus' words on the cross, “Eli, Eli, lema sabachthani?” which means, “My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?” were for the indemnity of the sins that human beings had committed by betraying God for 4,000 years since our ancestors Adam and Eve.
Because man forsook God, God had no choice but to forsake Jesus according to the principle of indemnity.
However, Jesus did not betray Heaven. The Son of God is the Son of God even if he is thrown into the satanic world, and the Son of God is the Son of God even if he goes to hell. This was Jesus Christ, who labored for over 30 years with this as his center.
Now, you who believe in this Jesus today, you who have believed in order to become the bride before Jesus the bridegroom, you must be able to stand as the son of God on behalf of the 6,000-year history. You must know that Heaven is looking for a person who can handsomely accuse Satan before God.
Until now, the many saints in the course of history have wondered why even Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit

293

had to be tempted by Satan. It is because the mission to be completed with both spirit and body has not yet been completed.
Then when will this fight that Jesus and the Holy Spirit have been waging against Satan for 2,000 years end? When will Satan's accusation against God end? For this to end, a person with the same center as Jesus Christ, who had a physical body on earth and confidently said that he was the son of God who had defeated sin and Satan on behalf of the 4,000-year history, must appear. Only then can we defeat Satan, who has been accusing God for 6,000 years, and the fight that Jesus and the Holy Spirit have been waging against Satan can end. Christians must know this. When you know it, that is how it is.
The poor Jesus Christ in paradise is in a destiny where he must still search for sinful human beings even today. Even when you are resting from prayer, Jesus must pray. The Holy Spirit also cannot rest. God also cannot rest. In this way, we are passing through a history with no time to rest at all.
Now, we must become sacrifices who can pray, with the consciousness that we are the sons of God, “May the honor of God, the honor of Jesus, and the honor of the Holy Spirit be established through me.” You must establish the honor of God. You must establish the honor of Jesus. You must establish the honor of the Holy Spirit.
God, who was in the frustrating position of not being able to love humanity despite having the heavenly destiny to love them, was internally bound by these very conditions.
If a being appears of whom God can personally say, “My son,” who is qualified to be proud on behalf of heaven and earth, if such a being just appears, then Satan cannot accuse. At that time, Satan cannot accuse.
Just as Jesus Christ had the consciousness, “I am the Son of God,” now, inheriting the labor of Jesus and the Holy Spirit, in today's end of the 6,000-year history, even when standing in opposition to the entire universe, the will that God and Jesus Christ desire is

294

Those who will possess the kingdom of heaven of hope

this. “I am the son of God who represents history. I alone am the Son of God.” If there are many saints in this country of Korea who are trying to find this concept, if there are more such saints in Korea than in any other country in the world, then Korea will become the central nation of the world.
Now, we must complete the consciousness of sons and daughters and present a day of victory before the Father, becoming beings who can boast before Satan. We must know that Heaven is looking for such beings.
The person God is looking for
Although 6,000 years of history have passed, there has been no being whom God could set before Satan as one being with a completed spirit and body and say, “Among the human beings you have opposed until now, I am establishing my true son, my true daughter, whom you can never oppose. Bow down before them.”
Heaven is looking for such a person. The Lord of the Second Advent is coming to do this work.
is that. People say that a sane person is crazy for saying such things. Without thinking about what should be thought about... However, this is a fact. You must know this.
Today, after 6,000 years of history have passed, we have received God's authority to decide and judge the historical mission of 6,000 years, and with the authority to judge in God's stead, we must become people who can assist the Lord when He judges with a rod of iron.
Jesus knew that he was the Son of God. Then what did Jesus do? He fought for God's will. I am the Son of God. He had the recognition that he was the Son of God, whom no one had known or claimed until now. He was able to step forward with confidence, recognizing himself as the Son of God, the one who was entrusted with God's work. In the course of history to this day, there have been numerous prophets and saints, but there was not a single person who said, "As the Son of God, I will take full charge of God's work." There was only Jesus. That is why Jesus became the Savior.

014295

Today, we who are in the last days must be able to step forward and say, "Before the Father who has guided the 6,000-year history, I am the son of the Father who represents the 6,000-year history, I am the daughter, so I will take charge of the Father's work." Look at Jesus. When he was doing the Father's work, he did not care about ruin or death. You must not care whether you are ruined or die. There are no conditions, no conditions. Look at Jesus. If it was the way to make Satan surrender, he went that way, no matter what happened to his body. This is the spirit of loyalty of a son of God who can be entrusted with God's work. If there was a way to make Satan surrender, he walked that path without regard for death....
In these last days, if we have inherited the legacy left by Jesus Christ, who was in charge of God's work, we must be able to not care if our bodies are torn into a thousand or ten thousand pieces, whether we live or die, if it is the way to make Satan surrender. If a consecrated group emerges that knows the way to make Satan surrender and can go that way all at once, this world will be able to become God's world.
Only after doing God's work as God's son can one receive God's love. God's love is not obtained by fighting. You must know this.
God created all things of creation to build a garden of peace and love. He created all things to have a relationship with them in joy, and He created human beings to have a relationship with them in joy. He did not create the world hoping that it would become a world where humans and Satan fight. That is a departure from the principles of the laws of heaven. Therefore, the Holy Spirit is playing the role of that love to raise human beings up with love. That is why human beings have been able to come out to find heaven through Jesus and the Holy Spirit.
Holy Spirit! Jesus! God! Please bestow grace upon me. If you just go up while saying this, grace will be taken away. The reason Jesus is to return at the last days is because it is a time when God's grace comes down.
Today, the world of the Tao is pioneering the path of ascent, and now there are only people who are trying to find the path to ascend forever.

014296

Those Who Will Possess the Kingdom of Heaven of Hope

However, it is not enough to just know how to go up. Through time and season, you must go through the stage of ascending, and then come back down to find that grace and become a person who can achieve it.
The Pass We Must Especially Cross
Now, if we are to find the gifts of heaven and try to act on behalf of and represent God's work centered on Jesus, the Son of God, we must know what it was that Satan fought against Jesus and the Holy Spirit. We must know the means by which we can make that Satan surrender.
Now, the pass we must especially cross is to make Satan, who fought against God, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit, surrender. To do so, we must know what shield Satan fought with, and how Satan set up conditions and invaded. If we know this, we can make Satan surrender naturally. Only then can God say to you, "You are my eternal son."
Then what kind of being is Satan? What does Satan look like? It seems there are many people here who resemble Satan....
Before us lies a universal path of destiny that we must travel, if not in life, then in death. Even if it takes hundreds of millions of years, as long as my spirit does not die, there is a path that I must go by that spirit. If you cannot pass through this path in the course of eternal life, you must go even after you die. The prophets and saints of the past also went that way without thinking about their personal problems for the sake of eternal life.
When Jesus Christ stood in the wilderness to fight Satan, he fasted for one day, and when that was not enough, he did it for two days, ten days, 20 days, and 40 days. You are in a destiny like a bullet that has been shot once, a destiny like a bomb, a destiny that you cannot go back on. When Jesus was conscious of this and stepped forward, he could not turn back from that path. You who have entered the Unification Church, you have also entered a path from which you cannot turn back. Please keep this in mind.
Jesus was also miserable when the barrier of death blocked his way. When the entire nation turned away,

014297

when all the people turned away, when the apostles who followed Jesus turned away, when everyone turned away, he could not have been more pitiful. However, you must know Jesus' position, who could not turn back even on the path of death, while others could turn back.
Today, as you believe in Jesus and follow the will of heaven, if you have this kind of determination and lead the church, lead the nation, and appeal for the world, you cannot help but become sons and daughters of God. With this kind of resolution, you must represent God's will and do God's work.
Jesus is not resting just because he went to the spirit world. Even in the spirit world, he is fighting Satan to find us, to find this earth, even if there are the sufferings of the cross and difficulties greater than that. At this time when such a universal trial and battle are taking place, you must not be afraid of trials with the spirit of "Satan, come if you will, or don't if you won't. I will go on unchangingly." Such a person is a person of God, a son and daughter of God.
Now, as sons and daughters of God, we must form a family centered on the Father, form a nation, form a nation and world that the Father can love, and furthermore, we must even establish the kingdom of heaven on earth that can be worthy before God. This is God's eternal will.
You must know all these historical facts, prepare against Satan's accusations from all sides, repel Satan's invasion, and furthermore, become people who can make Satan surrender.
From the perspective of the ideal of creation, where is the person who, having finally put on a substantial body and become a son or daughter who has received God's love, can boldly have dominion over the beings that should be under human dominion? You cannot go to the kingdom of heaven before you become such a person. That is why no one has gone to the kingdom of heaven yet.
Paradise is an intermediate spirit world.
To break through this universal barrier of destiny, you must be able to completely repel the attacking Satan. If you do not become such a person, God's suffering will not be resolved through you. That is why God has been searching until today for a person who can completely repel Satan, a true son and daughter who can understand the heart of your suffering.

014298

Those Who Will Possess the Kingdom of Heaven of Hope

If human beings eternally fail to understand this one suffering of God, the kingdom of heaven on earth cannot be achieved. The kingdom of heaven cannot be achieved in the spirit world either.
A Person Who Possesses the Kingdom of Heaven
Therefore, you must now stand at the forefront as pioneers, holding the flag, to pioneer the path of victory in the battle with Satan on earth. You need this kind of resolution and determination.
If you have a desire to go before the Father, you must be able to say to yourself, "O hundreds of millions of Satans, come to me. Even if the 2.4 billion people of humanity oppose the path I am going, even if heaven and earth oppose it, I will go." You must go forward with this kind of resolution, vowing before the Father.
Even if there is persecution from my own family, persecution from the nation, persecution from the country, and persecution from all of humanity, even if the 2.4 billion people of humanity struggle to destroy the Unification Church, I must go forward with the resolution that I cannot be broken there. You must not hesitate, wondering whether to go or not. You must keep in mind that we are in a position where we cannot help but go on the path we have set out on.
Now, you who have set out to fight Satan, you must emulate the vow and resolution that Jesus Christ cherished, who was able to be established as the second victorious Abel on behalf of the 4,000-year history by defeating Satan, and the sense of responsibility to fight, having been entrusted with God's work. Because Jesus fought with such a resolution, vow, and sense of responsibility, he was able to make Satan surrender.
Now, we who have both spirit and body, who have put on a substantial body, must make Satan surrender. Only when such a living being appears on this earth can the heart of God's suffering, who has been working for 6,000 years, and the heart of Jesus Christ's suffering be resolved.

014299

And the heaven that God can have dominion over will be ours, and the earth that God can have dominion over will be ours. This is God's purpose of creation. You must know that only those who take responsibility and fight to win on earth to achieve this purpose of creation of God can possess the kingdom of heaven. *

01419)

Let Us Be Those Who Attend the Lord
Who Came for All People

Matthew 8:18-34
<Prayer (I)> When we think of the grace that has been bestowed upon us, who are insignificant, to come before the holy Father and call Him "Father!", we sincerely thank you, Father. We cannot help but thank you for sending your beloved Jesus to us, who should have lived in resentment with the groans of death never ceasing, and for extending the grace of redemption.
For this work, before the grace of the Holy Trinity who has worked unchangingly through thousands of years of history, before the suffering of the Father who has shone the light of brightness on this whole dark earth, first, allow us to become children who know how to repay that grace with our bodies and minds.
Father, as we experience your amazing grace with our hearts this morning, we thank you for the grace that allows our bodies, which were submerged in darkness, to be submerged in the flow of life hidden in heaven, and for this one body, which was submerged in death, to be connected to the artery of your universal love.
Father, allow us to experience at this hour that there is no way to repay your grace even if we give our all, body and mind. Allow us to become those who feel sorry for themselves even if we give our all, body and mind, and allow us to feel our own inadequacy even if we give our all, body and mind.
Father, we have come before you with all our strength, all our devotion, and all our body and mind.

December 23, 1956 (Sun), former headquarters church.

014301

Please look upon us with compassion. Please forgive us for not having been able to be offered as a living sacrifice before the Father until this day and this hour, and please guide us so that we can quickly take on the form of a sacrifice that the Father can joyfully accept and be eternally proud of.
Father, the sons and daughters of yours gathered here are a small group. Please allow us to know that you are demanding that this nation become a sacrifice of victory, and please allow us to know that many sacrifices are required to prevent this nation from being swept away by the waves of death.
We have bowed our heads with a grateful heart before the grace that has established us, who are insignificant, as a sacrifice that can take responsibility for all the areas that the Father is concerned about, a sacrifice that can resolve the foundation of the Father's concern, a sacrifice that can settle the battlefield of good and evil and return the glory of victory to heaven, and that has led us for this one hour.
Father! First, please joyfully receive this congregation as a living sacrifice.

Such
and guide us so that we can build an altar of victory that Father seeks to establish. Furthermore, we earnestly hope and pray, beloved Father, that You allow us to reveal Your compassionate will before this nation and all humankind.
Father, allow us to comprehend Your situation of having to command a universal, cosmic mission while having established these insignificant ones. Allow us to experience Your heart of anxious concern and feel the sorrow that resounds through our bones and flesh. In this way, even if we grow weary in the fight, allow us to comfort ourselves by experiencing Father's sorrowful circumstances and heart.
Whenever we face the anxious figure of Father calling us, allow us to gather our strength for the fight and set out once again. Father, we earnestly hope and pray that You allow us to become sons and daughters who can go forward for the sake of Heaven without any hindrance.
Father, as this year comes to a close, if there is anything we have failed to accomplish in the mission You entrusted to us for this one year, Father, please forgive us.
The mission that Heaven has entrusted to us is a mission that corresponds to a cosmic view of history, transcending a global view of history. If we have lived centered on ourselves for this one year, please forgive us. Please forgive us for having thought too lightly of the mission entrusted to us.
Father, we earnestly hope and pray that on this day, before You, we may settle all our shortcomings of the past year, be allowed to have a new heart, a new determination, and a new pledge, and that this may be a precious time to repent for our inadequate selves before Father's will.
Father, the path we are walking is a cosmic course of destiny that we must hasten to walk, a course of battle throughout our entire lives. Please allow us not to become weary as we go, and please allow us not to be discouraged as we go. We earnestly hope and pray, Father, that by looking back as we go, a thousand years of resentment will not be fulfilled because of us.
We have entered a cosmic path of destiny that we cannot but walk, and we have entered a path that we must walk even if we die if we cannot go while living. Please allow us to feel that it is not enough even if we offer our entire bodies and minds, and please allow us to feel that it is not enough even if we offer all our devotion.
As we are insufficient beings, Father, we earnestly hope and pray that the heart that desires Your compassion alone may govern our entire lives and that it may govern our entire lives.
We know that on this day, lonely family members are scattered in all directions with the words that Father has promised and permitted, holding onto lonely altars and earnestly appealing to Father. Please protect them wherever they are, become a friend to their sorrowful hearts, and become a comfort to their hearts.
We earnestly ask and desire that You allow us the grace to be able to worship with the same heart and body, centered on one grace, one will, and one glory at this time.
Father, we know that at this hour, numerous altars are appealing to You with sorrowful hearts. Please show the beacon of Your compassionate love and the beacon of Your compassionate word to Your pitiful sons and daughters who do not know the time and the season. We earnestly ask and desire that You quickly embrace them in the bosom of Your love that seeks to embrace them, so that the whole may return the glory of joy as one figure and quickly establish an altar of glory that can subjugate Satan by preparing an altar of victory.
We ask that the grace of compassion may operate together upon Your sons and daughters who are scattered throughout the world and praying for Heaven at this time, and we have reported all these words in the name of the Lord. Amen.
<Prayer (II)> Please allow the land of goodness to be realized. We know that the original garden that Father created was a world that Satan could not invade because it was a garden equipped with the shield of goodness, love, beauty, and eternal righteousness.
Father, the standard of hope that my own self desires is the glory of the truth of love, the goodness of love, and the beauty of love hidden in Father. Father, please open the doors of the hearts of Your sons and daughters gathered here, and we hope that You will allow us the grace of eternal love that You have hidden in Father at this time.
Since there is the word of tears that Father has already promised, the mission that Father has permitted, and the will to reveal Heaven's overall grace, Father's full authority and omnipotence, and Father's overall glory through us who are insignificant, Father, please reveal them without reservation at this time. Please appear as a flame of the Holy Spirit, reveal the grace of glory, and bring about the history of resurrection of re-creation, Father, we earnestly hope and pray.
Is there still an element of evil remaining that cannot be accepted before Father? We earnestly hope and pray, Father, that this one hour may be an hour of joy in which all elements that cannot be accepted are dealt with by Your hand of compassion and molded into the original self of goodness.
Please lead us so that we do not become those who do not know that Father's heart is so anxious, who establishes the pitiful and inadequate, and who calls and establishes those who have the element of the fall, asking them to fulfill Father's eternal desire.
At this time, allow us to become sons and daughters who grieve to comfort Father's sorrow by experiencing in body and mind the sorrowful and tragic heart of Father for six thousand years. We are powerless, but we offer all this to Heaven, so please give us the courage and strength to fight. Father, we earnestly hope and pray that You will allow us to become earnest sons and daughters who can say, 'Please do.'
We, who have set out on this path that others among the thirty million people say is not the one, have crossed the hill of hardship, being hit and hit and hit. Father, You must give us more strength and courage. You must permit us the shield of heavenly victory. We must fight the final battle, the final decisive battle, wearing the heart of righteousness and the armor of righteousness. Father, please allow all of Your sons and daughters gathered here to have one heart, and allow them to have one form.
Please allow them to become figures who can return the glory of victory to Father by fighting and winning against Satan in the final decisive battle. And please allow them to establish the name of sons and daughters who can be eternally proud.
Since there is the dignity of being called by Heaven, may the Trinity protect them, and we earnestly hope and pray, Father, that You will allow them to become living sacrifices that can be proud before all things of creation to which they offer their loyalty.
Father, the path we have fought on until this day was a rough path, but please allow us not to become those who are discouraged, knowing that the path we will walk from this day forward is also a path of battle.
Our nationality is not this country, nor any country on this earth. The only place to rely on is Heaven, and the only thing we desire is Father's will. Please allow us not to be anxious in our hearts, even though the course of battle and the hill of hardship remain until we are recorded in the final book of life, and the path of tribulation and persecution may be blocked.
We who have been called by Heaven, please allow us to become incarnations of Father's love and incarnations of fire, and please allow us to become a foundation of victory that can establish a garden of goodness by preparing a body and mind where goodness can dwell after liquidating evil, Father, we earnestly hope and pray.
Father, please govern the hearts of the many sons and daughters who have attended here. Please allow them to know themselves. Please allow them to become children who can save face before Father, who is toiling, worrying, and grieving.
Please allow them not to step forward with human hypocrisy and human pretense. Please guide them to be honest. Please allow them to dissect themselves and lay out all their subjectivity, concepts, and assertions before Father to be settled. Please allow this to be a time when we can offer to Father's altar the fragrance of eternal life, the element that only Father can take.
Father, please see through us with eyes like flames of fire. Please allow each person to repent of all that they have to repent of before Father, and please allow them to feel that they are standing before the final judgment seat. We earnestly ask, Father, that You allow us the grace to be embraced in Father's bosom of glory, allow us the history of compassion, and hold onto each person's body and mind.
We earnestly ask that only Father's will may overflow and move upon the gathered congregation, and we have reported all these words in the name of the Lord. Amen.
<Prayer (III)> Now, may our hearts embrace the heart of Jesus who toiled two thousand years ago and uphold the mission of heavenly law. When we face the anxious figure of Jesus Christ who stepped forward on behalf of heaven and earth, please allow our bodies and minds to bear his difficulties.
Please allow us to receive and bear all the content conveyed through the Word. When we think of the words, 'Foxes have holes and birds of the air have nests, but the Son of Man has nowhere to lay his head,' Father, we know that the hearts and bodies of Your sons and daughters gathered here are a holy temple, and the history of sorrow of not having been able to attend the only begotten son of Heaven, the crown prince born for Heaven, Jesus Christ, still remains in their bodies and minds.
For thousands of years, our ancestors have built a wall of sorrow, and this wall, as the days go by, is not getting lower, but Satan is devising many schemes to raise this wall.
Today, all of humanity throughout the world has the responsibility to tear down this wall of resentment that our ancestors have dragged along, and we must also know that we have that responsibility. We thought that the sorrowful path that Jesus himself walked was only Jesus' sorrow, but when we realize that that sorrow remains as our sorrow, we now discover ourselves who must go forward toward Heaven, shedding tears.
Now, when we embrace the sorrowful heart for sin and look at the wall of all the sins that our ancestors have committed, we realize that we are too weak. Father, please allow us to inherit Father's power to push this away.
Father, we have nothing. Father, when we look at this Korean people, are they not the most pitiful people among the peoples of the world? We, who are insignificant and driven to loneliness among this pitiful people, are in an even more pitiful position.
However, Father, we know that a global blessing is latent in Heaven, and we know that Father's love is latent in the depths of Father's heart.
Father, even if we are in a lonely position, please pioneer a wall of tears and create a garden of harmony. As long as we know that Father is worrying about us in His heart, please allow us to become figures who advance without rest, leaving behind a hesitant position.
Now that we have set out on the path of receiving Father's command, we earnestly hope and pray, Father, that You will allow us to become Heaven's good sons and daughters who can run toward the path of fulfilling our wishes, whether we live or die.
When a young scribe came to Jesus and said, 'Teacher, if you wish, this body will follow you,' please allow there not to be a single soul among the congregation gathered here who hears the sorrowful words, 'Do not follow.'
When I stand before Jesus myself, I feel that I must become a sacrifice from which Jesus, who appeared as an anxious figure, the Jesus of love, the Jesus of goodness, the Jesus of compassion, the Jesus of patience, the Jesus who has completely perfected the entirety of the nine fruits of the Holy Spirit, can take even one of the nine fruits of the Holy Spirit from my own self.
We earnestly hope and pray, Father, that we will not become those who do not realize that the inner sorrow of Jesus Christ, who had no choice but to say, 'Do not come the way you are coming,' and 'Do not hope for what you hoped for,' because there was nothing to take when He wanted to take, remained in that one self.
Now, may the entire group gathered here be able to respond to the words of Jesus, who said, 'Forsake everything and follow me,' and please allow them to become sons and daughters who can be called there.
When You command us toward the garden of Your desired wish, before the will that Father rejoices in, we can prepare everything without hesitation and step forward without hesitation,
Unless we become the sons and daughters whom Heaven can love and hold onto at this hour,
it will not do.
Therefore, we have the responsibility to take on the historical resentment of 6,000 years and fight against Satan. Please allow us to become victorious champions who can fight with a new determination, a new resolve, a new pledge, an indomitable heart, and a good heart. Father, I earnestly hope and desire this.
Now, as we stand before the grace You have permitted, may this be an hour where we can rejoice through the Word, where the grace of love can dwell, and where glory can appear as a boast. Father, please take charge, and we also desire to entrust ourselves to You. I earnestly ask this and have prayed in the name of the Lord. Amen.

<Sermon> The title I want to contemplate with you is “Let Us Be Those Who Attend the Lord Who Came for All People.” With this content, “Let Us Be Those Who Attend the Lord Who Came for All People,” I will speak for a short while.

God’s Ideal of Creation and the Result of the Human Fall

God, human beings, and all things were all meant to be eternally one centered on a single ideal of creation.

Let Us Be Those Who Attend the Lord Who Came for All People

However, because human beings, who are in the middle position between heaven and all things, made a mistake, all things were divided as all things, heaven as heaven, and people as people. Therefore, in order to find the original world of creation again, He had no choice but to carry out the history of restoration, starting from all things, then human beings, and finally to heaven. You should not be people who do not know this situation of the Father.

We today, who were born with the fallen lineage, and humanity today, which dwells as a fallen race, must first become people who feel in our minds and bodies the sorrow of God that pierces us.

Although we have all fallen, as long as there is the relationship in which God created us human beings, and as long as there is the Father who is toiling to fulfill the will of the providence, we should not think that we are in a meaningless position.

Even if you yourselves are evil, and even if you are in an evil place, you must first become people who recognize that the tear marks of the Father’s toil, who has been carrying out the providence through the course of history until now, remain on your bodies. Next, you must feel that you carry on your bodies, on behalf of history, the traces of the toil and suffering of the Father who has been carrying out the providence to find and restore us again, that is, the providence of restoration. Furthermore, you must know that the original ideal of creation, the internal desire that remains in God, is with us in the last days.

Then, we must now know that the sorrow of God, who exists as an incorporeal God, pierces my very being, and that the mark of the toil of God, who exists as an incorporeal God and carries out the providence of restoration, remains on my body as a foundation of hope.

And we on this earth must become people who have a sorrow that can substitute for His sorrow by bending our bodies and minds as much as God is sorrowful with His sad heart, as much as the traces of His suffering He has toiled, and as much as the heart of original goodness He has held as a hope. We must also have a heart of suffering that substitutes for God’s toil.

Let Us Be Those Who Attend the Lord Who Came for All People

We must know that even on this day, He is demanding a form that can reveal the suffering of the invisible God with a visible body. Furthermore, we must know that the Father is seeking one religion of hope that can fulfill His desire by judging all historical religions.

Whether sleeping or awake, sitting or standing, active, in any moment of the process of life or in a fleeting moment, the Father is longing for the appearance on this earth of true saints who can be touched in their hearts and stimulated in their bodies. You who have gathered here today must go to a position where you can experience this with your hearts.

Jesus’ Purpose in Coming and the Unbelief of the Jewish People

Then, the ideal of creation of the incorporeal Father, who made human beings and all things and intended to enjoy joy and glory; the ideology of creation of God, who set human beings before all things and hoped that all would be intoxicated with the ideal of goodness, boast of God’s love, and share joys and sorrows together, remained as a resentment in His heart due to the human fall. The one who came with the mission to resolve this was Jesus. And the one who came to substantively resolve the core of God’s internal resentment on behalf of the 4,000-year history of God’s toil, on behalf of humanity, and on behalf of all things, was Jesus Christ.

Then, where were the beings who had to attend Jesus, the beings who had longed for Jesus, the beings who could have eternally shared joy with Jesus!

The Jewish people of that time had to know that Jesus Christ was the one who represented God’s internal heart, the heart of piercing resentment, and that he came as the substantial image of God, who exists as an incorporeal existent being, and was the one who could substantively resolve God’s resentment.

However, among the people of Israel, there was not a single person who knew the will of God’s internal providence, who sought to be comforted through Jesus Christ, and who could sympathize with God’s heart of hope and attend this Jesus, praising him, saying, “This is the one who can resolve the heart of God who has been sorrowful for 4,000 years, the being of eternal hope whom the Father has been seeking.”

The sorrow of the incorporeal God must be resolved through a corporeal human being. And the one who could represent the sorrow of God and the sorrow of all people was Jesus.

However, Jesus did not have a single day of joy in his entire life. This was because the tears of God’s sorrow shed for 4,000 years were piercing his heart, and even though all people should have become one with Jesus and resolved God’s sorrow, not a single person experienced Jesus’ sorrow and came forward before Jesus. When we look at Jesus’ entire life from beginning to end, there was not a single such person. Therefore, we must keep in mind that the mark of such resentment has been extended down to us today.

For the people of Israel who were hoping for the Messiah, it was a fact that they had never even dreamed that Jesus, who was born as the only-begotten Son of heaven, the crown prince of heaven, would appear in such a sorrowful and haggard form.

That is why Jesus sought for one being who could attend him. He sought, not centered on himself, but on behalf of God’s internal heart. From birth, Jesus sought a being who could participate in God’s sorrow, a being who could represent God’s toil from birth, and a being who could represent God’s hope from birth, but from his birth in a manger, through his thirty-some years of life, until he crossed the hill of the cross, he could not find a single such being.

Then, while all people attend the Jesus who died on the cross, why did no one attend the living Jesus who came with God’s eternal love to transfer that love to human beings? The responsibility for that lies with human beings. Even though Jesus came to resolve God’s sorrow and to remove the course of God’s toil, and even though Jesus came as the substance of God’s hope to build the garden of hope, it was the sin of our ancestors that they did not fulfill their responsibility to embrace the sorrow of that Jesus, to bear his suffering on their own bodies, and to feel his hope and live with it in their hearts.

Then, what is it that Jesus demands of us today? Because the work of trying to resolve all of God’s resentment through the person of Jesus was extended due to our ancestors’ failure to take responsibility, God’s sorrow became Jesus’ sorrow, God’s toil became Jesus’ toil, and God’s hope became Jesus’ hope. Furthermore, all of that has reached the Holy Spirit.

What Jesus Demands of Us Today

Thus, we today have the responsibility to resolve the sorrow of God, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit that has been extended through the 2,000-year history. You must feel this.

And a person who can resolve the resentment of the 6,000-year sorrow hidden in God’s heart, a person who can take on the 6,000 years of toil, must appear. A person who will again reveal the 6,000-year hope of God on this earth must appear among us. They must be found among us.

Now, when you come before the amazing grace of the Father, or before the grace of Jesus Christ, you should not think that the day you come forward is the beginning. And when you stand before the Father, it is not you as an individual who is standing. You must have the realization that when you believe, you are not believing with only your own life at stake, but you are believing with the 6,000-year history at stake.

Even when you stand in a position of repenting for your sins before the Father, you must feel that this is not only repentance for yourself, but repentance on behalf of 6,000 years. Also, when you have a heart of gratitude before the grace of the Lord and the love of the Lord, you should not think that you alone are giving thanks within a certain time frame. You must become a person who can give thanks on behalf of the entire providence of the Father that has been carried out for 6,000 years, on behalf of the horizontal and vertical history, and on behalf of a single standard of hope.

Let Us Be Those Who Attend the Lord Who Came for All People

In this way, Jesus is hoping that a person who will resolve God’s sorrow, a person who can take on God’s toil, and a person who can fulfill God’s hope on his behalf will appear on the earth today.

Jesus, who came to substantively achieve the Father’s will, could not complete that work on this earth, so he passed away with the destiny of having to come again. Therefore, this Jesus will come to you, who are insignificant, with a heart of sorrow that represents the 6,000-year history. He will come to you not only with the sorrow of 4,000 years, but with the sorrow of 2,000 years added to it. Also, he will come to you not only with sorrow, but with the resentment of 2,000 years of toil added to it.

Our Responsibility for the Returning Jesus

When Jesus, who comes with the hope of 6,000 years, appears before us, what is the responsibility that human beings must fulfill? It is to substantively take on the burden of Jesus’ heart, Jesus’ sorrow, and Jesus’ toil.

Jesus, who came before the people of Israel to resolve the 4,000 years of sorrow on behalf of God’s 4,000 years of toil, was not believed by the people of Israel, who opposed him and caused him to die on the cross. In this way, because there was no one among the people of Israel who could know, believe, and attend Jesus as the one who came to resolve the 4,000 years of sorrow on behalf of the Father’s toil and the 4,000-year history, Jesus had no choice but to die on the cross. Therefore, to complete this work, Jesus must return.

We in the last days, who must bring the 6,000-year history to a total conclusion, must stand alone before God, before the Trinity, and have a heart that can say, “Please entrust God’s sorrow to me as my sorrow. Please entrust God’s toil to me as my toil. Please entrust God’s hope to me as my hope.” And although you are individuals, you must become people who prepare for the day of Jesus’ coming with a heart that you can represent heaven and earth. You must become Christians of such a world.

You who must prepare for the second coming of Jesus must retrace once more the life of Jesus Christ who came and went. You must become people who can experience the circumstances of Jesus’ birth, Jesus’ life, and Jesus’ passing as your own circumstances.

You must have the same sense of responsibility that Jesus felt, that he had the responsibility to redeem all people while embracing God’s sad heart, and you must have the heart that you yourselves have lain in the manger of Jesus, who was born on the evil earth and lay alone.

Even though Jesus was the crown prince of heaven, the prince of heaven, what is this about a manger when he was born on this earth? The sorrow of Jesus, who was overwhelmed with sorrow, was sorrowful, but the internal sorrow of God looking at that Jesus was beyond words.

You must feel that sorrow to the bone in light of such facts. Also, you who are in the last days must feel a sense of responsibility that you have taken on alone the mission that Jesus Christ bore.

And even though he came for all people, he was treated poorly and could not speak
We must learn to think of Jesus’ circumstances, who was in an incredibly miserable position, as our own. Jesus was in a situation where if there had been just one worthy person on this earth who could comfort his sorrow, he would have wanted to hold onto that person and pour out all his hopes.
However, the people of Israel, whom God had chosen over 4,000 years, and the Jewish faith, which had been prepared for Jesus Christ, did not know Jesus. They had no connection whatsoever with the Jesus who lay in a manger in the city of Bethlehem. This event once again repeated God’s sorrow. There was no one to side with the Jesus who was born in a stable.
We must now become people who can gather and resolve the resentment of God and the resentment of Jesus who came to this earth and departed. Only then can we remove the conditions for Satan’s invasion from our bodies. And if we know that the returning Lord will appear on this earth representing 6,000 years of history, then…

Let Us Be Those Who Attend the Lord Who Came for All People

You must not stand in the same position as the people of Israel. Their faith was not centered on Jesus, nor on the Messiah, nor on God; it was self-centered. The Messiah was sure to come, but even knowing that, no one prepared to receive him.
When the wise men from the East came to worship the baby Jesus lying in a manger in Bethlehem and proclaimed it, the entire city of Jerusalem was in an uproar. Astrologers from a foreign land had come to find Jesus. But this commotion was not a joyful event. It was not a joyful event.
Preparation for the Returning Lord
Today, you who believe in Heaven, you who believe on behalf of 6,000 years of history, must not remain in the same position as the Jewish faith that committed a great wrong. You must now be able to prepare for the coming Messiah, and you must not only be able to resolve the sorrow of Jesus at his first coming but also be able to return glory to him. This responsibility lies with you.
Today, if you enter a spiritual stage, a place where you can confer with the Father, many instructions will be given to you, such as “do this” or “do that.”
When the Lord comes to the earth, he will eat, he will wear clothes, he will have a place to stay, and he will be active. But the Jewish people, who longed for the Messiah to come, did not know this and did not wait with preparations to receive him. There was no one who waited with even a single set of clothes prepared for him.
If there had been people who had prepared with such an earnest heart, when the three wise men from the East came to Jerusalem and said such things, when all the Jewish people were in an uproar, they would have followed the wise men to Bethlehem. But on the road, there were only the three wise men.
This act of leaving a mark of sorrow was the sin committed by our ancestors who followed God and claimed to be for God’s will.
Today, you must not stand in such a position. You must be able to prepare to receive the coming Lord in mind and body, inside and out.
Then what is it that we, in the Last Days, and Christians all over the world must be mobilized to do? If the Jewish people who longed for the Messiah had become a people who prepared a place for him to stay when he was born, they would not have laid Jesus in a manger. Likewise, Christians must become people who can prepare a place for the Messiah to stay when he is born.
The Offering for the Coming Lord
You should not think of Jesus being wrapped in swaddling clothes and lying in a manger as a joyful thing. Jesus was someone who should have been laid in a place more glorious than anyone else on this earth, more glorious than anyone in the 4,000 years of history, with all people united. And as the Son of God, he was someone who should have been loved and praised by all people. Furthermore, he was the Jesus who should have been boasted of before Satan.
But what must have been God’s sorrow as He watched the scene of the Jewish people failing to attend Jesus in such a way? You must know this sorrow of God.
Therefore, you must now become people who, on behalf of God’s heart and knowing the sorrowful heart of Jesus 2,000 years ago, secretly prepare an offering internally. Heaven’s offering cannot be shown to Satan. It cannot be shown to people either. That is why, if you look in the Bible, the most precious offerings were never revealed. Why? Because no one should know about it first. The one who should know must know first. If Satan knows first, he will approach it with lingering attachment, so it cannot be.
You yourselves must prepare for the Father, for the Lord who comes for the sake of the world, but you must prepare a precious offering that is not of this earth, an offering that cannot be exchanged for anything on this earth.

Let Us Be Those Who Attend the Lord Who Came for All People

When the Lord himself is present and active, you must establish a foundation of attendance within your own body so that the Lord does not feel any difficulty, either mentally or physically. Why is this so? Because your body is the most precious thing in this world.
He is such a precious being, a single substantial being who can represent the entire cosmos. Therefore, when the Son of the Father, the only-begotten Son whom the Father loves, comes, you must build a foundation of peace where he can rest for eternity. And with mind and body united, when Jesus comes again, you must become his hands and feet, live his life in his stead, and attend him in comfort. Also, you must become people who can fight the battle that Jesus fought 2,000 years ago in his place.
Jesus Christ fought for 2,000 years, and now you must have the heart to say, “I will take full responsibility for that battle with Satan,” and you must have the heart to say, “My own body will prepare even the shield for that battle.”
And you must fully comprehend Jesus’ situation at the time of his birth, and then you must fully comprehend Jesus’ heart when he lived on the earth.
Jesus’ Tears and Prayer
If you now try to truly seek the Father, if you try to seek the bosom of Jesus’ love, you will shed tears.
God was sorrowful for 4,000 years but could not show that sorrow, but Jesus lived shedding tears in substance. Although it only appears in three or four places in the Bible, there are infinitely many hidden facts of Jesus actually shedding tears.
When he looked at the Jewish people whom God had loved throughout the providential history of several thousand years, there was not a single moment when he did not shed tears.
Jesus shed tears every time he prayed to God. Whenever he faced difficult and lonely situations, Jesus was sorrowful in a way that only the Father knew. However, Jesus could not speak of this sorrow to his disciples.

You must know this situation of Jesus.
It was not just once or twice that Jesus went up to the Mount of Olives and prayed all night. He did not only pray in the Garden of Gethsemane.
While walking a difficult path, the only place he could appeal to about his sorrowful situation was Heaven. However, it was not that he intended to entrust that sorrow to Heaven. Rather, he asked to take on that sorrow himself. “Father! I will take on the sorrow you feel when you look at me, so Father! Please receive comfort by looking at me! I will bear the Father’s sorrow, so please do not be sorrowful,” he pleaded. And he only prayed, “I will take responsibility for the 4,000 years of toil, so Father, do not worry. Since I am here, do not worry that the Father’s hope remains.”
Jesus had sorrow from the time he came of age. Because the people of the world could not attend Jesus, he experienced sorrow from the time he was growing up.
Jesus grew up in Joseph’s family as a stepson. So the whole village said many things about Jesus, but he lived a life of silence. While harboring the unspeakable will of Heaven, a great and amazing will, he grew up as an ordinary child. You should not think that his life of living for 30 years doing carpentry work was a good life. Jesus, who should have stood in a more noble position than anyone in the nation of Israel and lived revealing the Father’s joy and glory, lived holding an adze and a plane to help with Joseph’s livelihood. What does this mean?
Today, if there are sons and daughters who want to uphold God’s will, true sons and daughters who wish to resolve God’s resentful heart, they must know to go by following the life that Jesus walked as an example.
If you want to know the life that Jesus lived, you must sympathize with Jesus’ heart that was in place of amazing grace, experience that heart, and enter into that difficult position. Then you will feel that Jesus’ sorrow was a sorrow that transcended every hour and every aspect of life, and that Jesus’ life was a life in which he could not feel peace for a single moment.

Let Us Be Those Who Attend the Lord Who Came for All People

However, Jesus, who came for the sake of the earth, was anxious not to turn the sorrow he suffered because of the earth back to Heaven. Today, those who believe in Jesus often try to pass on their own cross and their own sorrow to Heaven. We do not believe in Jesus for that purpose. However, the person who can say, “Heaven’s sorrow is sorrow because of me, so I will bear that sorrow. God, do not worry,” is a person who has passed through one aspect of Jesus’ conviction, of Jesus’ life.
Are You My Friend?
Now, if the footprints of sorrow of Jesus, who lived for some 30 years in tears, remain, you have the responsibility to resolve this.
Jesus lived in sorrow for some 30 years and finally met his fate, shouldering the cross. You must know that at the final moment, he was overcome with the sorrowful heart of having to fulfill the will even while saying, “Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani?” which means, “My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?”
Then today, if you look at the world with the heart that “I am a friend of Jesus,” you will not be able to look at this world without tears. Jesus shed tears every time he took a step, every time he moved his body. There was not a single time when he did not shed tears. Just like this Jesus, if there is a person among the saints who believe today who sheds tears with a sorry heart before Heaven in their daily life, he will become a friend of Jesus.
If there is a person in each church, in each family, who can shed tears for each other, knowing the heart of Jesus and on behalf of God, then infinite life and love will surely be with them without them having to ask God for it. You must know that God is demanding Christians with whom circumstances can be shared, with whom affection can be shared, and with whom content can be shared.
If the Lord comes to this earth today, he will ask, “Are you indeed my friend who has spent some 30 years of hardship?” He will also ask, “To what extent have you embraced God’s sorrowful heart, and how many days and nights have you lived with a worldwide sorrow?”
You must know that because human beings could not uphold the Jesus who came to the earth, they offered Jesus up to Satan as a condition. And you must overcome this condition.
Why are we alive today? It is because before this body dies, before dirt enters these eyes, we must become people who can hold onto the life of Jesus and weep with all our loyalty, and become true people who can raise up what was trampled in Jesus’ life. Therefore, you must fulfill this responsibility while you are alive.
That is why the “I” of today is not a simple “I.” You should not think that you are only as old as you have lived so far. You must feel that each and every one of you is a self who bears the universal mission to bring to fruition in your own body the providence of restoration of God, which is the 4,000 years from Adam and Eve to Jesus, and the 2,000 years from Jesus to the present.
Therefore, just as Jesus was dignified before his enemies, you must also be dignified even if you suffer the tribulation of the cross. Even if you shed tears, do not shed them for yourself, and even if you weep, do not weep for yourself.
If you are to weep, weep for Jesus. Then for you…
How joyous Jesus must be as he thinks of you. And God will understand your circumstances. Even when you shed tears, you should become people who shed them with such a heart. It means that those who shed tears for themselves are not needed. Only those who shed tears and repent for the sake of Jesus, for the sake of God's love, become the sons and daughters of God.

When you face the suffering of the cross, if you truly feel the Father's love and feel for yourselves that you are within the realm of the Father's love, you will not be able to pray. I have felt such things. Even when a heavy burden that felt like a thousand tons was placed on my shoulders, I did not pray, "Father, please make this lighter."

(Page 320)

Let Us Be Those Who Attend the Lord Who Came for All People

I did not pray, saying, "Let us become those who attend the Lord who came for all people." You should not offer such prayers.

Our loving Father knows me well in this situation. If I were to pray to the Father, who is already in a sorrowful position, "Father, I am carrying this kind of burden," it would inflict a second sorrow upon the Father's aching heart.

You must know even these things when you face God and Jesus. If there were only a few people with this kind of heart among the thirty million people of this nation, they would be able to block the sorrow of this nation. We must absolutely not be people who cry because of our own sorrow.

**Jesus, Who Was Anxious to Comfort the Father**

Jesus came to this earth with a universal mission, but he suffered throughout his entire life. However, he did not pray for that sorrow, but rather was anxious to comfort the Father's grieving heart and worries. At the same time, he was a Jesus who looked down at the earth and grieved to forgive the ignorance of human beings. However, Jesus' life did not end with a life of tears for over 30 years. Because he stepped forward to take on God's toil, he lived with a heart to glorify only the Father's will, whether he lived or died. Jesus lived for the will, regardless of whether God or the people on earth recognized him, and regardless of time or place.

Although he was a Jesus who came to completely fulfill the will, he was not a Jesus who agonized or despaired because he was to die on the cross. Even when he went to the place of death, Jesus did not defend himself. As you know, Jesus did not defend himself as he went through Pilate's court, over the hill of Golgotha, and to the place where he was crucified and died. He was the protagonist of no defense. He was a Jesus who could feel that it was his own responsibility that people opposed him so much. We who believe in Jesus Christ must become friends of Jesus who went from the Jesus who was born to the Jesus who lived.

(Page 321)

What did Jesus become a friend of? He was a person who became a friend of death, not of life. In the course of history, countless people have gone the way of death, but Jesus was the only one who became a friend of death on behalf of all people and died on behalf of all people.

Therefore, Christianity is a religion of death and sacrifice, and the truth of Christianity is a truth that overcomes death. And Jesus' activities were to destroy his own body. You must recognize that it was Jesus' path to be able to love without resentment even while doing so.

Because Jesus was a friend of death, he did not mind death even when it was hastened. You must know that he lived a life with the leisure to die for his enemies.

Later, even God said, "I do not know the Jesus on the cross." At that time, Jesus cried out, "My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?" This was not because hope seemed to turn to despair and his entire life seemed to come to nothing. He cried out because he was worried that he could not fulfill the Father's will completely through his death. Jesus did not care whether the Father sent him to heaven or hell because he had fulfilled his responsibility. Jesus, who was in a position to become a friend of death, was satisfied with dying and intended to complete his mission by dying.

Jesus came with universal love, but no one knew it. Although he came with such an amazing gift, he had no lingering attachment once he set out to become a friend of death. Even though he came to fulfill the hope of heaven, he was a Jesus who did not refute or resent even when heaven did not treat him as an object of hope.

There is a final pass on our way to find God. Even if you go with all your sincerity, there will be a time at the end when heaven says it does not know. The reason heaven says it does not know is that a worldwide mission lies before us. That is why Jesus also had to take on a worldwide mission and experienced such things.

(Page 322)

Let Us Be Those Who Attend the Lord Who Came for All People

Likewise, such things will happen to you. Even if you give all your loyalty and devote your entire life to clinging to the Father, there will be a time when heaven says it does not know.

However, you must be able to say, "It is the Father's will if I die, and it is the Father's will if I live." Also, if you have hope, you must have this one hope of fulfilling the Father's will. You must become the owner of a heart that can say, "It is a joyous thing not to be able to eat and not to be able to wear."

**The Final Pass on the Road to God**

Today, you should not be people who believe in Jesus to go to heaven. Those who believe in Jesus to die will go to heaven. If you believe in Jesus to die well rather than to live well, it will be an extremely precious faith. Where did the twelve apostles, who believed in the hope of living well, all go when Jesus died?

You should not believe for your one life to live well, but you should believe to sacrifice your one life well, that is, to die well. To do so, we must resemble the life of Jesus. We have the responsibility to uphold the life of Jesus on behalf of history. We have the responsibility to take on the life of Jesus. We can have the love of Jesus only when we have the life of Jesus. We can receive the love of Jesus only when we attend Jesus. Also, you must have a religious character that can emulate the 2,000 years of Jesus' toil.

Not only that, but since God's providence has been extended for 6,000 years, you must be able to attend the one who will come to take responsibility on behalf of the 6,000 years of providence. When the Father or the Lord appears to you, you must have time to invite and attend the Lord. That time is not one or two hours, but you must be able to attend him forever.

Then, what must we do to qualify as a bride who can attend the Lord? Above all, we must be able to take responsibility for and comfort the 6,000 years of God's sorrow.

(Page 323)

And before the Lord who has toiled, you must be able to say, "I will do this and that. I will attend you in this and that way. I have prepared in this and that way." You must become a saint who can say, "Lord, come. Lord, appear," with universal preparation. Such a saint cannot perish.

This great mission is before us. However, many people do not know this. And they do not know that the inner heart of Jesus and the inner hope of Jesus are revolving around each one of us today. What will happen to such a person? The person who does not know will perish. The time will come when they will beat their chests.

**To Attend the Coming Lord**

To attend with the heart, to attend with the body, to attend with society, to attend with the world, and to attend with heaven and earth—this is the responsibility of a son. However, today, you yourselves are not even able to attend Jesus with your hearts. You must know that you have not even started to attend Jesus.

By attending with the heart, attending with the body, being attended by society, being attended by the nation, being attended by the world, and being attended by heaven and earth, glory must fill and overflow not only you as individuals, but also your families, societies, nations, the world, and the entire creation. You probably never imagined that you have such a universal mission.

Then, you who have gathered with this mission, unlike others, should not be petty. You should not become cowardly and foolish people. You must be dignified even when you go before countless enemies. You have the responsibility to attend Jesus who comes with universal glory and universal love. You are the ones who must stand in a universal position with your hearts and substance.

However, Christians who are satisfied with offering devotion for themselves and for their families are not needed. Christians who are satisfied with centering on one church are also not needed. Even if all thirty million people of the nation are Christians, we need a Christian who can stand as a representative of the nation, and even if all the people of the world are believers in Jesus, we need a representative Christian who can stand on behalf of the 2.4 billion people.

(Page 324)

Let Us Be Those Who Attend the Lord Who Came for All People

Since we are to become qualified to govern all the angels in the spirit world, we must be able to say proudly before them that we have done such a valuable thing. Who came to do this? Jesus Christ came.

Jesus came to do such a great mission, and we must attend him so sincerely, but how have we lived as we look toward him? We have no face. We are so shameless that it is not enough to shed tears for 6,000 years. It will not be enough to beat our chests in sorrow and wail for 6,000 years. We are in such a position, but we should not become people who are utterly shameless.

Even if you die right now, even if you fall and are trampled upon, you must not change your heart of integrity and your heart of loyalty, and you must be able to proudly reveal it before all things in the universe and establish the dignity of the sons and daughters of heaven.

**Sons and Daughters of Integrity and Loyalty**

You have stood on a difficult path. You have stood on a path of destiny that you cannot but go. You who have stood on this path of destiny must go that way with faith and inner loyalty throughout your lives.

You will have to cry. "I must attend a universal Lord, a cosmic Lord, a Lord who can embrace the eternal ideal world beyond the 6,000 years of history, but I have been a person who rejoiced in attending the Lord of the family, or at most, I have only been able to rejoice in attending the Lord of the nation and the state." You must repent and wail, saying this.

Do you feel that you have a responsibility and mission for this age today?

(Page 325)

Or have you ever thought that you must achieve on behalf of all humanity the ideal that they have hoped for from the beginning of creation to the end when the ideal of creation is completed? Have you ever felt such a universal sense of mission?

Furthermore, you must be able to pray with the余裕 of heart, saying, "I am a person who has the confidence to more than fulfill this mission." When you pray from such a position, you do not need many prayers. If there is someone who stands in such a position, everything will be communicated with a single word, "Father!" It means that no explanation is needed. It means that no logic is needed.

We have stood in a position where we must be qualified to step forward and attend without hesitation due to the intuitive shock of the heart before the words are spoken. We have set out with such a treasure. Now that you have started, are you not caught in any conditions? Are you not stopped at some point in the process? How far have you run in the course of your life? You must start from the individual and run through the family, society, nation, and world to heaven and earth. You must know that you have such a universal mission. Only then can you meet the Lord.

When Jesus Christ finds a true person who can attend him, sheds all the sighs of 6,000 years, holds onto him, and sheds tears of gratitude, saying, "Father, here is the being you desired to find. Father! Be joyful," there must be a day before humanity when the glorious answer, "Yes!" comes from heaven.

You who are fighting with that day as your standard must become people who know how to fight today and fight tomorrow and devote your entire lives. Therefore, you must become pioneers, vanguards, and brides of the universe adorned in the course of eternal life, and you must be able to attend the cosmic...
we must become people who can attend the Lord.
Please bear in mind that we must continue to fight until we receive such glory of victory, Father's love, and eternal life, become the bride who represents all things and the entire cosmos, and become the sons and daughters who can share joys and sorrows with Father for eternity. *

(20)

The Chosen People for the Restoration of Heaven

John 15:1-22
<Prayer (I)> Father, we have now reached the last Sunday of this year. Have we ever thought of and worried about Your heart? Have we ever fought for Your work? Have we ever truly loved You?
Father, please forgive us for not being able to fulfill the responsibilities You entrusted to us for this nation and the commands You gave us with a concerned heart throughout this year. Please forgive us for not fulfilling the missions for the many things You instructed and commanded this year, establishing us, who are so unworthy, in their place. Please allow this one body to be able to accomplish the great will You demand.
Please forgive the people on earth who face the Will for not knowing the time and the hour, for not moving to the standard of the fulfillment of Heaven's desire, and for not obeying the command. Although we have come through a course of battle, when we see that the fruits of victory have not appeared before You, Father, we cannot help but feel ashamed once again on this day.
Please re-endow Your sons and daughters gathered here with all the responsibilities You entrusted to them in the past, and allow them to run for the sake of the Father's will. When will we be able to receive the Father's love by discerning our internal and external selves? Please allow our hearts to be able to think for themselves.
December 30, 1956 (Sunday), at the former Headquarters Church.

(327)

Please allow it.
Father, the mission You have entrusted to us is not just to find our own selves today, but to find the nation, to find the world, and furthermore, to resolve the grief of Heaven. We, who must take on that mission and follow Your command, cannot help but feel awestruck before You.
Father, please set our weak and lacking selves before You again, and allow the hand of compassion and grace to overflow beyond this place to the satanic world. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
Father, please look upon this nation with compassion. Please have pity on the many churches gathered on behalf of this nation. Please let them know that there is a great will and providence of the Father.
Thus, let every church uphold the Father's will, and let every nation uphold the Father's will. Through this nation, let the 2.4 billion people of this world uphold the Father's will to fulfill the Father's desire, and please allow the day to come quickly when all 2.4 billion people can sing of that glory. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
On this day, we confess all our shortcomings, and as those who hope for and believe in the Father's compassionate love again, we have gathered before the Father's knees. Please protect us with Your compassionate love, embrace us again with the grace of glory, and instill in us new courage and new strength. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
Now, in this one hour, we have attended the Father. Please allow this to be a time when heaven and earth can harmonize, when the Father's good love can dwell in this place, and when we can return the glory that is forged in the midst of our unity with the Father and receive love from the Father. We earnestly ask and desire this.
There are sons and daughters scattered in the provinces, kneeling in loneliness and building altars before the Father. Since the entire mission of the last days has been entrusted to them, please allow them to face the Father's will and reveal only the Father's will wherever they are. We earnestly ask and desire this.

(328)

The Chosen People for the Restoration of Heaven

On this day, earnestly hoping that the glory of Your joy may be upon all our heads, I have spoken in the name of the beloved Lord. Amen.
<Prayer (II)> Father! We thank You for the grace of finding and establishing us, who are so unworthy, and for allowing us to fight until this hour. Today, the mission remains for us to fight for the one day of the Father's glory with all our heart and body, so please do not let us become weary.
Father! As we followed Your command to go, You were personally with us on difficult paths that we could not help but take, and we have felt so many times that You were personally with us even on the path to death. We cannot but thank You for the love of the Father who has led us, who are lacking, and has endured so much.
O Father! It has been a long time since the day of promise and the day You permitted, so we are only ashamed before the permitted will. Now, if Your sons and daughters gathered here on this day cannot repay You with glory before the will, Father, please allow them to repay You even with tears.
Father! Please allow the desire of our ancestors, who have appealed for this nation according to the command to endure and endure, to be fulfilled in these last days, and please quickly reveal the Father's will and give the command to the people of the world. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
Father, are there any children among Your sons and daughters gathered on behalf of the nation who do not realize Your great will like this? Please allow them to experience the Father's heart that has pierced their bones and flesh.
We know that the path we must take is long and arduous. Please grant us the strength to break through any barrier that may stand in our way at any day or any time, and do not let us be those who lament before our enemies. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
Father! Let the sons and daughters gathered today settle all these series of matters, and allow them to resolve all that has been entangled and intertwined for 6,000 years. Please allow us to settle our individual shortcomings and at the same time settle the shortcomings of this nation in this one place.

(329)

Thus, please allow us to settle all the shame that has existed in the 6,000 years of human history. By doing so, please allow this to be a year in which we can establish a condition of victory before Satan at this hour and move on. Father, we earnestly hope.
Father, please allow us to become like children who know nothing. Please allow us to be those who only know how to obey when led, who only know how to submit when led. Please do not let our individual perspectives or concepts remain, and let us emulate the Father's heart, resemble the clean heart of a child, become a good multitude, and keep this one path whether we live or die. Please allow us to run even if it is a path where our flesh and blood are torn. We earnestly hope and desire this.
Lonely family members are scattered in the provinces, fighting with the determination to die in order to hold onto and protect the path of the Father's will. Please do not let them become weary. At this hour, please grant them courage, grant them the impulse of righteousness, and allow them to greet the one day of joy and glory with a new resolution and a new determination. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
Please forgive our shortcomings at this hour. We have nothing and have nothing to boast about. We only have the earnest heart of a child who wants to be embraced in the Father's bosom of love. Father, please manifest Yourself at this hour, look into each and every heart, and personally bless them according to the measure You have created them. We earnestly hope and desire this.
Please do not let there be any sons or daughters among those gathered here today who are dragged away by Satan. Please let this be a time of decision to receive the seal of sanctification, hold the banner of joy and victory, and return the glory of Hosanna to the Father forever. We earnestly ask this, and have spoken all these words in the name of the Lord. Amen.
<Prayer (III)> Father! We have learned through the Word that heaven and earth have become like one body. When we think that heaven is the subject and we are the branches,

(330)

The Chosen People for the Restoration of Heaven

we are beings who cannot live for a single day or a single moment without receiving the love of heaven and the sap of life. Please forgive us for not living as a branch and leaf of heaven, receiving the sap of love that flows from the eternal God.
Father! Now, as the end has come and the day of judgment is foretold, please allow our own selves to be grafted into the Father's love, centering on Jesus Christ, who is the complete root. We know that You are the Father who longs to reap the fruits of love, which are borne through the love of the eternal Father and the love of Jesus and the Holy Spirit, from our own selves. However, we are afraid that we may become ones who block the Father's harvest sickle because we are too insufficient, imperfect, and immature to reach that point.
Now we entrust ourselves to the Father. O Father! Please raise us and take care of us. Please train us in the midst of trials and tribulations so that we can be completed as one mature fruit, and allow us to become the fruit that forms the eternal kingdom of heaven through the eternal Father's hand of love, and to become the reapers who can be gathered in.
Father! We know that this work was not first foretold at this time today, but was already foretold long ago in the Old Testament era and at the time of Jesus 2,000 years ago. If we know this, then our own selves today should become the harvest that can be reaped before heaven as a fruit, and the fruit in which heaven can rest. However, when they judge themselves, there will be those who do not yet feel complete. In that case, please allow them to become children of repentance who repent before the Father, lament their own insufficiency, and can substitute for the sorrow of Jesus Christ. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
Father, we have gathered on this day. Please take full control of their hearts, and take full control as the center where the Father completely operates. Therefore, do not tolerate any evil concepts or assertions that are not in accordance with the Father's will.
Let the multitude gathered here add sanctification upon sanctification, thereby ending what Satan has been working on,

(331)

and become completely sanctified children, so that this one hour may be a time when only the Father can operate and only the Father can intervene. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.
Now, please let us know that You are hastening to bring about the day of Christ through us, and let us know that it is the time when You intend to reveal the love of Christ by establishing us. Also, let us know that You are longing for us to embrace the tribulation of Christ in this 20th century today by establishing our own selves. Father, please lead our steps as we run toward the heavenly kingdom not to be centered on ourselves, and do not let us remain in a position of praying centered on ourselves.
Please allow us to cast off all elements that evil can invade. We earnestly hope and desire, Father, that You will hold us so that we can endure any arduous path of battle, even a path where we are bound to fall and be discouraged, in order to fulfill the will that the Father operates and desires.
We know that because we are not people of the earth, we cannot receive the glory of the earth. As foretold through Jesus Christ, we know that in the course of the 2,000-year history, if there were people of heaven, sons and daughters of heaven, who had the true love of the Father and the true integrity of the Father, they were not welcomed on earth, regardless of the century or era.
Father! When the altar that is to substitute for what Jesus could not fully accomplish on earth is persecuted before this nation today, please enable us to endure it. When we live for the sake of heaven, even if we are insulted, face difficulties, and experience sorrow from the people of this earth, please allow us to overcome it and remain.
Today, after 6,000 years have passed, Jesus is calling us, looking forward to the one day of harvest. Please take away the historical sorrow and the marks of the bloody tears of the cross through us, and guide us so that we can become a shield of victory. Please let us know that Jesus, the substance of hope, is still looking forward to us becoming qualified to have dominion over Satan.

(332)

The Multitudes Chosen for the Restoration of Heaven

Therefore, Heavenly Father, we earnestly pray and desire that You allow us to become sons and daughters who cherish Your joyous will in our hearts and fight in heaven's stead today. If this mission is not completed in my generation while dedicating my life's course to doing Your work, allow us to become sons and daughters who resolve to subjugate the enemy Satan even through our descendants.
As we approach the new year, we must deeply resolve in our hearts that we must once again walk the path of a life-and-death battle. We earnestly pray and desire, Father, that all of us become sons and daughters who can maintain our loyalty without yielding, no matter what enemies oppose us. Thus, we earnestly pray and desire, Father, that You allow us to become Your sons and daughters who can clearly reveal before all creation that we are sons and daughters in Your stead, and who can stand in for heaven and earth.
Revealing the words You have permitted on this day, please allow our hearts to connect with each other, and allow spirit to move spirit, so that this may be a time when we can be reshaped before the hand of Your power. We earnestly ask this, and we have spoken all these words in the name of the Lord. Amen.
<Sermon> The topic I would like to consider with you is "The Multitudes Chosen for the Restoration of Heaven." I will speak for a short while on this topic, "The Multitudes Chosen for the Restoration of Heaven."

The Last Day of Providential History When We Must Confirm Our Position

Everyone, today we have reached the last Sunday of this year. You know well through the principle of restoration that if we do not complete the mission entrusted to us this year, we must complete it next year, and if we do not fulfill today's responsibility today, we must by all means fulfill it tomorrow.
The history since the creation has passed through 6,000 years, passing through a day, a year, a long period of time, and amidst changing times and seasons. However, you also know well that the great judgment is now unfolding worldwide on this earth, and the providence of restoration that God must complete must be accomplished through you today, through the 2.4 billion people of humankind.

Therefore, the time has come for us, who are facing the last days of the 6,000-year providential history, who have joined to cooperate with the universal history of restoration, and who have stepped forward to fulfill the Will, to now clearly find our own position where we are standing.
Therefore, each of you must now go beyond the 6,000-year history and reach the standard of Adam and Eve, who are the ideal of the final restoration and the center of creation. Furthermore, your families, societies, and all of humanity in the world must all surpass that standard. Before that standard is surpassed, God's providence will not be concluded on this earth.
In this way, we, the descendants of today, must take responsibility for and accomplish in their stead the tremendous and awesome toil of the providence of restoration, the faults committed by our ancestors, and the parts that our ancestors could not handle and left behind. You must feel at this time that you have such a universal mission.
Because of the fall of Adam and Eve, the ideal of heaven was fundamentally destroyed, and the ideal of heaven that was to be perfected through human beings was mercilessly cast down from heaven. And still, we have not found the kingdom of heaven, we have not found the people to build the kingdom of heaven, we have not found the families to form the people, and we have not found the husband and wife, children, and siblings to form the family.

The Restoration of Heaven and a Person's Right Life

Therefore, what is the one central purpose that God demands? It is the restoration of heaven. And the movement to restore the kingdom of heaven must be done in reverse. From the people of heaven, we must restore the children of heaven, the siblings of heaven, the couples of heaven, and the families of heaven to build the kingdom of heaven. This mission remains for us.
The land we live on today, the world we live in today, is not the land of the kingdom of heaven, nor is it the world of the kingdom of heaven. It is not a world centered on God, but a world centered on Satan, a world that opposes the kingdom of heaven. However, the historic watershed where the world of evil is restored to the heaven of goodness will surely appear at the time of the end of history.
Today, the 2.4 billion people of humankind are crossing the hill of restoration from individual restoration to family restoration, social restoration, national restoration, and world restoration, following God's providence, in order to cross this hill of restoration.
The central purpose of the gospel that Jesus Christ came to this earth and preached was also the restoration of heaven. This standard of the restoration of heaven is not only the restoration of you as an individual, but also the restoration of the family, society, nation, world, and even the cosmos beyond the individual. Therefore, from the day you believed in Jesus and stepped forward, you have been on a path of battle for restoration.
The lives of people in the world today are not lives lived for the sake of the world. They say they live for the nation, but they are not living for the nation. They say they live for the family, but they are not living for the family. And they say they live for themselves, but they are not in a position to truly live for themselves.
All human beings in the world of evil today should live for the world, but they are not living that way. Human beings who should live for the country, for the people, for the tribe, for the family, and for themselves have fundamentally lost that position and are living.
Even when people today live centered on themselves, they are not living centered on their minds. When I look at myself, to what extent have I fallen? I have fallen to the extent that I, who should live centered on my mind, am not able to live centered on my mind. I have become a person who lives centered on the body. I have become a person who lives only for my own physical satisfaction.
In order to restore human beings who have fallen in this way, God has been carrying out a history of establishing the body and making it submit to the mind, establishing the individual and making them submit to the family, establishing the family and making it submit to the nation, establishing the nation and making it submit to the world.
Therefore, in any society, individualistic people have stood in opposition to the revolutionary course of believing in Jesus Christ. Also, people who have come out centered on the family have also stood in opposition.
Because God works according to the progress of history, that is, the individual era, the family era, the national era, and the state era, there have been difficult passes in the process of that progress that human beings could not follow.

The Center We Must Strive For and the Order of Restoration

In this age, which is the last day when the 6,000-year history is concluding, the ideology of Jesus Christ has been established on earth as the ideology of the restoration of the entire world. In other words, the ideology centered on Christianity today is appearing as the central ideology of the entire world. However, here, it is receiving a counterattack from the ideology of the enemy, and these two paths are fighting.
Then, what standard should we, who are in this position today, strive for? Looking through the hope of Jesus Christ, who established the ideology of the restoration of heaven, the ideal garden we must go to is not just this world. The standard of the ideal restoration that God is trying to find is not just this earth. It is a garden of ideology where heaven and earth have united and become one, not two. Therefore, God has been carrying out His providence until now to find one day of glory when we can harmonize and sing centered on heaven.
What is it that we, who are in such a time today, must know? It is that our one body must indemnify and restore all things of the history of sin.
When you believe in Jesus and step forward, an individual battle will unfold. A battle between body and mind will unfold. Those who become dropouts in that battle cannot become people of the kingdom of heaven. When the evil movement centered on the body tries to subjugate the mind, if you cannot subjugate it and win, you cannot become a person of the kingdom of heaven.
Today, we have the mission to restore from the world to the nation, from the nation to the people, from the people to the family, from the family to the couple, and from the couple to the children and siblings.

Because there is this principled standard of God's ideal of heaven, we must first restore ourselves.
"The kingdom of heaven is in your mind," He said, so we must complete the universal kingdom of heaven, but first, we must complete the individual kingdom of heaven. What is that? It means to become a being who can stand before the universe by establishing the relative standard of body and mind.
Therefore, you can now be absorbed into and harmonize with any field of the entire ideal of heaven. To speak of a single tree, Jesus is the vine and we are the branches of the vine, and we must have the form of a branch belonging to any aspect. Thus, for you, the branches, to go through the trunk, this is restoration.

The Stage of Restoration as a Citizen of Heaven

Now, what is the very first stage you must find? It is the stage of becoming a citizen of heaven. The destiny to enter the stage of a citizen of heaven lies before you. You must have a new historical consciousness. My one existence should not be for myself, but I must have the concept of being for the fellow countrymen of the kingdom of heaven, who are the people of heaven. Not only that, but I must have the concept of striving for the siblings of the kingdom of heaven, for the couples of the kingdom of heaven, and for the parents of the kingdom of heaven. That is not a partial concept, but a universal concept. You must have such a universal concept.
Also, if you live belonging to a society today, you must have a social consciousness, and if you live belonging to a nation, you must have a national consciousness. If you live belonging to one nation, you must know how to love the people of that nation.
Today, we must become people who can assert our will with our mind and body before God, who is providing for the construction of the kingdom of heaven. We must know how to love the people of the kingdom of heaven. We must know how to have the recognition that we exist for the construction of the kingdom of heaven, for the restoration of the world, which is the Father's will.

We should not just blindly follow Jesus as people who believe in him, but we must become people who can believe in Jesus by harmonizing with the fortunes of heaven and earth, both internally and externally. God is establishing the ideology of the restoration of heaven centered on the universal providence. We must become the sons and daughters, and the people who can stand there. And we must know how to love our fellow countrymen of the kingdom of heaven.
If there are believing people among the multitudes next to you and around you, you must become people who know how to regard them as siblings and fellow countrymen. Also, you must make all people do so. When you see this, your responsibility is immeasurably great.
Then, what is it that God demands of us today, the last day? It is for the believing saints to be mobilized to build the garden of heaven. Therefore, individuals must unite and peoples must unite to form the fellow countrymen of heaven. You must know this.
Looking at the 6,000-year history vertically, in the Old Testament era, He gathered the people of heaven, and in the New Testament era, He gathered the children of heaven. In this way, history has flowed in reverse.
In the world today, there are people who are trying to build the kingdom of heaven centered on the ideology of the fellow countrymen of heaven. There are also people who are trying to build the kingdom of heaven based on the ideology of the children of heaven, the siblings of heaven, and the couples of heaven.

The Standard of the Law of Heaven and the Standard of Life in Heaven

Now, you must know how to keep the law of heaven in your life. You must know how to keep the law of heaven for the construction of the kingdom of heaven, which heaven demands. Also, at the same time as knowing how to keep the law of heaven, you must know how to live a life in heaven. And at the same time as knowing how to live a life in heaven, you must become one with the love of heaven.
Then, what should we center on to keep the law of heaven as God has been working until now to restore the kingdom of heaven? We must keep the law of heaven centered on the words of the Bible that were transmitted to us through Jesus.
The Word is the law of heaven, so we must live centered on the Word. Your path is here. In particular, you must live keeping the law of heaven centered on the words of the Principle, which testify to the internal facts through the words of the Bible.
Then, how should we live? A life in place of Jesus' 30-some years of life.
we must do. Your life today, in the last days, must be a life that testifies to Jesus Christ. Therefore, you must be able to show your life before all people. You must also live the same kind of life that Jesus showed us.
You should emulate the life of Jesus, who kept the law centered on the word of God, and live a life for Heaven by living a life of harmony.
Therefore, you must now live a life that represents the life of Jesus, centered on the word, which is the law of Heaven. Your hope and ideal must be the love of God. Therefore, in order to connect with God's love, you must establish conditions of harmony. This is what God is demanding of all Christians in the world today.
The sap of one branch flows to other branches. It circulates to every leaf and every branch. Likewise, we must become people who know how to live in harmony with and for each other. Such a person will be able to possess the love of God that remains as an ideal.

Discard the self-centered mindset

Therefore, we Christians must abandon the self-centered concept of the individual and have a new concept that my one self is a being that represents the world and the universe.
Therefore, even when we look at our members, we must know that they are not who they are today. You should feel the fact that they represent 6,000 years of history, the eternal providence, and on a horizontal level, the 2.4 billion people of humanity. In any one person, there is the will of the promise of God's universal love.

That is why you must be a co-worker before such a person. Since you have such a mission, you must be able to see the will of God's providence correctly and become a group that represents that will.
This is also true in your personal and family life. Your own children, your own parents, and your spouse do not exist for you. Your children are not for you, your siblings are not for you, and your parents are the same. They exist for the sake of the cosmos, beyond the nation and the world.
We must know this and know how to treat our children, siblings, and parents from that perspective. If you recognize this fact and feel it in your life, you will not be able to judge anyone with words.
We must not forget that in each of us there is the universal will of God. You must all live a life of unity, knowing that my one existence is not for myself, but for the world, for heaven and earth, a being that represents the mission of restoration.
Today, you who have come out on a so-called different path must now depart from a self-centered life. You must discard the self-centered mindset. Our Unification Church must also discard a view of life centered only on the Unification Church. This is because we are all cells and molecules of the universe.
Today, in the last days, we must feel the historical action, the providential action of the heavenly law, and the action of God's total love. And you must establish your one body and become a victor in the universal battle with Satan. Only then can you become a necessary being in the garden of the kingdom of heaven, and at that time, the kingdom of heaven will have a relationship with you. You must know that Jesus Christ came and went to fulfill this one hope, and that the Trinity of God, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit are working together and fighting Satan to accomplish this one hope.
Today, when you try to fight Satan, you must discern whether the thoughts you have, the concepts you have, and all your principles are for yourselves or not.

Those chosen for the restoration of the kingdom of heaven

You will have no way to escape from the realm of Satan.
And we Christians who are advancing toward the world must also go beyond the world's internal historical consciousness. We must go beyond that and become people who can grasp and feel the world with a universal historical consciousness.

Blessed are the peacemakers

Then what will the world for restoration be like? What will the society for restoration, the family for restoration, and I for restoration be like? What is God's will for restoration? You must be people who know and go beyond all these things. To do so, you must live by the word, have the serving heart of Jesus Christ, and be able to bring about harmony with one another. Jesus said, "Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called sons of God" (Matthew 5:9).
Anyone who knows how to make peace wherever they go can draw near to God. You have the responsibility to bring harmony to every individual, the responsibility to bring harmony to the entire nation, the responsibility to bring harmony to the world, and the responsibility to bring harmony to heaven and earth.
If you do not feel this practical responsibility in your living environment, you must feel it in your heart. You must have the heart to become a sacrifice that can bring harmony to each individual, a sacrifice that can bring harmony to each family, a sacrifice that can bring harmony to each society, a sacrifice that can bring harmony to each nation, and a sacrifice that can bring harmony to the entire world. Thus, you must become a person who has a heart that can stand before the Father in opposition to Satan.
If you live in such a relationship, when you see someone doing a good deed, you will feel like bowing your head and honoring them. And when you see someone doing a bad deed, you will feel that it is your job to guide that person. I will take responsibility. If there is a person who lives while experiencing this fact, he does not have to pray for himself. He does not have to pray for his family. If each of you makes a resolution and a vow to build the kingdom of heaven that God has hoped for on this earth, and lives for it, God will be with you.
Therefore, if there is a nation that knows how to build an altar of harmony by holding hands, that nation will start a vigorous new revolution toward the world. The church will also be like that. If there is a group of people who hold hands, follow the example of Christ, and are determined to die to become a sacrifice of harmony, their steps may seem like they will fail and break, but that is not the case. Their steps are firm steps toward the construction of the kingdom of heaven on earth.
Jesus Christ came to this earth shouldering the amazing mission of heaven and earth. In the course of 4,000 years of history, when there was no loyal subject for heaven and no filial son for heaven, Jesus Christ was the one who came to fulfill the mission as the one loyal subject and filial son that heaven required.
Jesus' life of about 30 years was a life for heaven. And it was a worldwide and universal life. Also, his life was a life of a sacrifice for heaven. Therefore, you must emulate Jesus Christ, who came as a filial son for heaven, which was unprecedented in history.
The Father's will is to establish the kingdom of heaven. What is the kingdom of heaven? It is a world where all of humanity holds hands, is in harmony, is reconciled with each other, is entangled in one love, raises their hands together, gives glory to heaven, and lives in gratitude. When we think about this, the life of faith that we have believed in and come out with today has been a very immature life of faith. Now we must liquidate that immature life of faith.

God who aims for the ideology of unification

Now, the era of any denominationalism has passed. The era of any nationalism has passed. The time has come when we must seek a worldwide ideology of restoration, a worldwide ideology of faith.

Those chosen for the restoration of the kingdom of heaven

Today, the Korean people are a pitiful nation. What this pitiful people must know is that God's history is a history of breaking the individual to establish the family, breaking the family to establish society, breaking that society to establish the nation, and breaking the nation to find and establish the world. This is the judgment of heaven.
Humanity has gone through judgment like this, but what is the final problem that remains? It is to completely break the line of Cain out of the two lines of Cain and Abel that have fought in opposition. Therefore, you must become different people centered on the words of Jesus. You must become different people by establishing the words of Jesus as the law. You must all become loyal subjects of heaven and filial sons of heaven who represent the life of Jesus.
Thus, you must be able to go before God, who aims for the ideology of unification, and say, "God, please resolve through me the resentment of not being able to embrace and love the world as one until now." However, Christians today do not know that they have such a great historical, universal, and cosmic mission before them.
Then to what extent have you revealed the love of Jesus Christ today? To what extent have you equipped yourselves with the faith and life that come from Jesus? You must know that limit.
The grace that comes from Jesus is a universal grace. Therefore, today we must live with a consciousness of the kingdom of heaven. You must live with a central heart and concept that "I am a representative of the kingdom of heaven" in all your actions and even all your feelings today.
Even when you are cursed by all people and your anger flares up, you must suppress it with the feeling that if you get angry, all 2.4 billion people will be cursed. Heaven has come until now with that feeling. If you know this fact and still get angry, lose your temper, and disobey God's will, what will happen? All the members must unite and cooperate with each other.
Is someone in difficulty? You must feel that person's difficulty as if you were wounded in your own body. And you must cooperate.

This should not be done only by the Korean people. All of humanity must cooperate.
You must go the way for the restoration of the kingdom of heaven. You must become sons and daughters who live receiving the love of the cosmos. Next, you must know how to attend God, who is the center of the cosmos. The God you are crying out to, the Jesus Christ you are seeking and believing in, is not a God for you alone, nor a Jesus Christ for you alone. However, people who believe in Jesus today do not know that. They know him only as a Jesus for themselves, a God for themselves.
However, that is not God's hope. That is not God's will. God's position is the center of all heaven and earth. Today, you must know how to attend God in that way. However, that will only be possible for those who live a life in the kingdom of heaven.

A correct faith in God

Then what is the reason why God has providentially guided the 6,000-year history? It was to embrace the entire history in His one bosom. Not only on earth but also in the spirit world, He is a God who has longed for the day when the whole would become one in His love. If you want to receive grace from this God, you must pray, "Father! Please call me."
God's love must not stop with you. What you must know today is that the gifts that heaven has given are not for you alone. They are to save you and at the same time to save all of humanity.
However, because people today live centered on themselves, although many people want to seek God, there are almost no people who have received grace. Today, we must break away from this. We must break through this and serve the cosmic God as the cosmic God. We must feel a responsibility that pierces our bodies and minds before this universal God.

Those chosen for the restoration of the kingdom of heaven

The garden of hope that you believe in and hope for is not a garden of hope for you alone. The archangel fell because he tried to seek and believe in God centered on himself.
The God that humanity believes in today is my God and at the same time the God of humanity. He is our God and at the same time the worldwide God, and the worldwide God and at the same time the God of heaven and earth. At the same time, He is the universal Parent.
However, when we look at the faith of people who believe in Jesus today, they are saying, "Be my God," and at most, they have only gone as far as "the God of our family."
Be this. That is what they are saying. Going a little further, they say, 'Be the God of our denomination.' We must not have such a concept.

Today, there are many denominations in the world that cry out to God. However, the God they cry out to within the realm of their denominations is no longer needed. Only when those beings gather who can believe in and call upon that one being as the center of the whole universe, transcending denominations, beings who are qualified to call God their own Father on behalf of the whole, can we attend God on this earth.

Therefore, today, we must make the concepts we feel within ourselves connect to the whole through the family. You who have entered a new path must now cast aside your life until now and make a new historical start toward a universal life concept.

At such a time, what kind of heart should you have? You must have a heart that can attend the universal existence of God. Thus, you must be able to receive God's love and form a relationship where you and God can give and receive. Only then can you conclude the ideal of the universal bride.

Only after concluding the ideal of the universal bride can you go to find the restored world. However, only by restoring the nation, the people, the siblings, and even the children and the couple, can I appear as a bride before the universal existence of God. Only by going to that position can I stand before the universal existence of God, centered on the love of God that emanates from there, and become one with that love.



Thus, the couple that is united is the couple that can rule this earth and live in the kingdom of heaven. Also, only by giving birth to children as such a couple will they build a heavenly family, and only by forming a people with such siblings and children can they finally conclude the providence of restoration and live a life in the kingdom of heaven on earth.

Such a great movement for the restoration of the kingdom of heaven is being presented through you today. Therefore, you must strive even harder to fulfill that will and not be servile before Satan. Just as Jesus Christ fulfilled the duty of a loyal subject and a filial son for the sake of one will, we too must be equipped with the duty of a loyal subject and a filial son.

To Complete the Restoration of the Kingdom of Heaven and Offer the Glory of Victory

And you must clearly know that not only this nation, but all of humanity in the world, and furthermore, all the spirits in the spirit world, must be made to know how to fulfill the duty of loyalty and the duty of a filial son to Heaven, so that you can become a son, a child, a sibling, a family, or a nation that can offer the glory of victory for completing the restoration of the kingdom of heaven before the Father.

<Prayer> Loving Father, today we must now run. We lack strength, but we are facing such a tremendous historical end where we must leap over dozens of stages at once. Even though I stand in a position where I must splendidly overcome the course of judgment, today we are in a deep sleep.

Father, we are intoxicated with the world. We are accompanied by sin. Father, we earnestly hope and desire that you will establish us as a victor who can offer the glory of victory before the Father, who is the center of the universe, after liquidating all these evil elements.



For the Restoration of the Kingdom of Heaven, the Chosen People

All historical circumstances are entangled in our bodies today. Father, we earnestly hope and desire that you will establish us as a body of joy that can worship before the Father, standing in the position of a friend of Jesus Christ, by cutting them off and equipping ourselves with the center of liberation.

We whom you have chosen for the restoration of the kingdom of heaven, please do not let us become those who live by trampling on the heavenly ideal centered on our own selves. Please allow us to go on and on, sacrifice and sacrifice, fight and fight until we achieve that ideal, and please allow us to endure, fight, and win until we can attend you as the universal Father. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this.

Father, please govern our hearts forever. Now, through the new universal standard of life, please allow us to become sons and daughters who can offer thanks and worship before the Father, who is the center of the whole, and who can be immersed in the Father's love. We earnestly ask this, and we have reported all these words in the name of the Lord. Amen. *


Selected Speeches of Rev. Sun Myung Moon <Volume 1>
Printing
Publication
Editor
Publisher
Publishing House
Address
Telephone Number
FAX Number
Registration Number
Registration Date

2002
January
15th
2002
January
25th
Rev. Sun Myung Moon's Sermon Compilation Committee
Hwang
Sun
Jo
Seong Hwa Publishing Company, Inc.
172-1 Cheongpa-dong 1-ga, Yongsan-gu, Seoul
715-3894-6, 701-0110 (Cheongpa Bookstore)
701-1991
No. 3-98
1961
May
20th

