Collection of Words by Rev. Sun Myung Moon Volume 16  
Compiled by the Committee for the Compilation of Rev. Sun Myung Moon's Words  

Foreword                   President of the World Peace Unification Family, Hwang Seon-jo  

Table of Contents  
  Foreword …………………………………………………… 3  
  1) Restoration through Indemnity and Selection of Holy Grounds …………………………………… 9  
  2) The Reason for Evangelism ……………………………………………………………………… 70  
  3) What is a Family Member? ……………………………………………………………………… 156  
  4) The Meaning of Family ………………………………………………………………………… 165  
  5) The Role of the Messiah ………………………………………………………………………… 190  
  6) The Path of Restoration ………………………………………………………………………… 277  
  7) The New Year’s Prayer ………………………………………………………………………… 400  

1) Restoration through Indemnity and Selection of Holy Grounds  
<Summary of Words> Humans can offer a lesser value of indemnity conditions to God, but cannot do so to Satan. Equal value indemnity conditions must be established for Satan. Lesser value indemnity conditions can exist between humans and God, but such lesser value conditions do not hold between humans and Satan. Therefore, to establish indemnity conditions for Satan, one must give what God loves the most. Thus, when establishing indemnity conditions, it must be done with love equal to that of the original being. If God wants to establish A as an indemnity condition, that A must be something that God Himself loves. This introduces the issue of heart. Therefore, the Messiah must be someone who can be loved equally by the created world. God sent Jesus to restore the world. The indemnity conditions of the Unification Church are established by the teacher, and you must follow. You cannot unify the earthly world without unifying the spiritual world. You cannot unify earthly humans without unifying the angels. Therefore, first unify the spiritual world and have the spiritual world cooperate with the earthly world. December 21, 1965 (Tuesday) at 10:30 AM, Suwon. * This statement was made in Suwon during the national pilgrimage of holy grounds and was organized from notes taken by former president Yoo Ho-won. The title was added by the editor.  

8   Restoration through Indemnity and Selection of Holy Grounds  
The teacher came out with a mission along with liberation. At that time, Dr. Lee had a desire. If Christianity had joined hands with me then, we could have reached a global standard within seven years, that is, before the teacher turned 33. It should have been so. We had to overcome one peak both internally and externally, but the teacher crossed it alone. That is why he entered the northern region, the valley of suffering. The seven-year course of resurrection was walked by the teacher alone, and the seven-year course of growth was walked by the members as well. We must meet with the leaders of the nation at the last peak and cross the national seven-year peak, and then we must cross the global peak. Korea is an Abel-type nation, so it must indemnify vertically. Such indemnity conditions must also be established in Cain-type nations. After finding people, we must find the land. The reason the teacher toured 40 countries was for the selection of holy grounds. Because the standard before the fall was established in Korea, holy grounds could be selected. 105 holy grounds were selected in 40 countries worldwide. The 120 families symbolize 120 nations. In the future, we must select 120 holy grounds. In Korea, we must find 72 locations centered around the number 70 and establish conditions. There must be more holy grounds than in the United States. The selection of holy grounds means being in a position similar to that of creating the land before creating humans. When the saints stand here, it is as if humans and the land have been created. That is why the angelic world and the spiritual world must cooperate. Therefore, having 120 holy grounds means having the territory of 120 nations. In selecting holy grounds in the United States, their ancestors will be mobilized to cooperate. The period for selecting holy grounds starts from December 31, 1964, and January 1, 1965, and lasts until December 31, 1965, and January 1 to 4, 1966. It must span three years in terms of lunar years. The number 6 is the number that Satan has invaded. Therefore, this number must be restored through indemnity. The resolution of the Korea-Japan issue also stems from this number 6. The Korea-Japan issue will be resolved 60 years after the Eulsa Treaty. Because Jesus came to the earth and was abandoned by his parents, the teacher cannot evangelize his parents. *  

2) The Reason for Evangelism  
<Summary of Words> Even if we cannot eliminate the desires of the body, if we strengthen the power of the mind that controls the body, we can govern the body. So how can we strengthen this mind? The human mind moves below the level of the fallen nature. Once we cross this line, the mind can go directly to God. Then, a purpose arises, and a direction is established. This also creates circumstances and feelings. Purpose, direction, and circumstances correspond to ideology, action, and life. Good seeks to stand in the position of the object before God, while evil seeks to stand in the position of the subject. Jesus came as the perfect object. According to the principle of creation, the relative ideology that could not be realized on earth cannot be realized in the spiritual world either. However, if we establish children of faith on earth and stand in the position of parents who are not our biological parents, we can finally realize this ideology. This is the reason we must evangelize. *  
December 22, 1965 (Wednesday) at 10 AM, Anyang. * This statement was made in Anyang during the national pilgrimage of holy grounds and was organized from notes taken by former president Yoo Ho-won. The title was added by the editor.  

3) What is a Family Member?  
Matthew 26:36-46  
<Prayer (I)> Father! Yesterday, all the people praised your will and celebrated the day your son was born. However, how many children can truly say they have served you and fulfilled their duty before you? How many children would you like to present with pride? When we think of this, we cannot help but worry that your sorrow will deepen. Now, having passed that one day, we face a new day of prostration and worship before you, so let this lonely day become a holy day before your will. We sincerely hope and wish that you grant us strength and ability to create a new history. We know well that without your heart of compassion and love, we could not prostrate ourselves before you in this manner today. We are embarrassed that we have not prepared ourselves adequately before you, but we earnestly ask for your acceptance. On this December 26, 1965 (Sunday), we offer our scattered hearts to serve you faithfully. * The prayer part of this statement was organized from a tape, and the word part was organized from <Seonghwa> No. 53 (March 1, 1966), No. 54 (April 1, 1966), No. 55 (May 1, 1966), No. 58 (August 1966), and No. 59 (September 1966).  

12   What is a Family Member?  
It is time to reflect. When we think about where our hearts are directed and how our bodies have prostrated before you, we feel only a sense of inadequacy. With such hearts, we pray for your acceptance, so please embrace us and have compassion on us. Many people in this nation long for your will to be fulfilled and await the day you will come, but there are countless people who do not know that day or that will. We earnestly hope and wish that you grant them heavenly grace so that they may know the path they should take, and that their bodies and hearts may align with the direction you desire. Father! Please have compassion on the lonely brothers of unification scattered across South Korea. Do not let us forget that the time to pledge the final battle is approaching, and let us serve you with all our loyalty and intellect. Regardless of the effort and sacrifice, we earnestly hope and wish that we can make a new determination and resolution to fulfill this will left to us. We entrust all things to you at this time, so please govern from beginning to end, and we pray all these words in your name. Amen.  
<Prayer (II)> As we trace back through the long history filled with sorrowful days, who knows your heart that had to tread through such paths? Who understands your circumstances, and who knows your hopes? You alone know that heart, that situation, and that feeling and will. Please allow us to feel once again how pitiful you are for having worked to find a child who can teach humanity about your hopes, circumstances, and feelings, which they do not understand. That person is not someone else but our Father, who must live with us forever, and he is not someone who must toil but the Lord who created the universe. Please let us know that he is our Father and our true Lord, who must embrace and love the entire universe. We must become children who can feel the sorrow of the historical twists and turns he has endured. When we think that the mistake of our ancestors has become an unforgivable sin over countless ages, let them realize that no matter how much tears and blood they shed, they cannot repay it, and even sacrificing their lives a million times cannot repay it. Today, as we gather on the last Sunday of 1965, please have compassion on us. You who have walked the difficult paths of history, please see our failure to let this year pass with sorrow. You wished to present this group of unification to the 30 million people of the nation, so that they could glorify you together with the people, but we have failed to fulfill our responsibilities and are sending this year away with tears. Please allow us to send this year away with tears. May 1966 be welcomed with a new determination and new faith, and let this time be one of repentance for the conditions of lamentation we left before you, and a time to vow for a new start. Who among us can say they know you? Who among us can say they will establish your will? Who among us can pledge to give their life for you? When we realize that there is no one, let us, who have gathered here, though pitiful and insignificant, be those who once pledged loyalty to you and vowed to give our lives for you. If there are weary ones among us, please give them strength, and if there are discouraged ones, please hold them. We have been trampled by the mockery of our enemies and carry unspeakable sorrows from our sad past history. Let us not become those who lose sight of all those painful feelings. Please do not let us forget your sorrow and your resentment. When you judge this sinful world, may we be your children who can appear as victors who can surely glorify you. Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this.  

14   What is a Family Member?  
On this day, countless children have prostrated before your knees. If there are children who make promises and pray before you as the new year approaches, please bestow special grace upon them. Let them settle all their past inadequacies and prepare themselves to stand before you in the new year, knowing how to adorn and equip themselves. At home, they must be equipped as filial children, and when they go out, they must be armed to fight against enemies. We earnestly hope and wish that you protect our path and guide us. At this time, as insignificant people gather, please bind our hearts together as one. Let us critically reflect on who our hearts have come out for and what direction our bodies have taken, so that we can offer everything before you at this time. Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this. In the past, we have lived with hearts of joy and sorrow, but in the new year, let us be those who can start with new determination. At this time, our inadequate forms have prostrated before you, so please stretch out your hand of compassion and embrace us, and grant us new commands. We earnestly ask this, praying all these words in your name. Amen.  
<Prayer (III)> We know that Jesus came to this earth and walked a path filled with many twists and turns for over 30 years. We cannot help but feel heartbroken when we think that we have not been able to welcome you on any one day and have not been able to fulfill our loyalty before you. Yesterday, all the people celebrated the day Jesus was born. However, how much have you longed for the true image of Jesus Christ being welcomed? At this time, let us know how to yearn for the true image of Christ and the true sons and daughters of the Father that heaven and earth desire. Thus, let this time be clean and beautiful, allowing us to correct our inadequate postures. We earnestly hope and wish for this.
15 There are many who revere heaven, but few who are willing to take responsibility for heaven. We must take responsibility for heaven. We know that the path to heaven is good, but we also recognize that many people try to avoid the thorny path that lies along that road. Father! You have worked tirelessly for us for countless ages. Yet today, humanity seeks to avoid the arduous path necessary to walk the way of heaven, the true path, and wishes to entrust our sorrow and pain to you, so we earnestly hope for your forgiveness. Today, the group of unification is gathered before you. Unlike others, we understand your heart, but unlike your circumstances, we have acted according to our own will regarding the path of hope you left behind, and we have refused to dedicate our lives. We ask that you allow us to honestly reveal ourselves before you in this hour. We pray to walk the path of life according to your will. We must walk the path of death with you, the thorny path with you, and the path of being forsaken with you. Your will is good, and the path you have set is a good path, yet we are not good. Please accept our unworthy selves and forgive our past shortcomings. We have the desire to live with you, so Father, we earnestly hope that you will look upon us with compassion and embrace us. No matter what anyone says, I cannot deny that I am your son or daughter, and I earnestly hope to be established as a child who can struggle with that truth. We have the justification of being your children, bound by love and a blood relationship that cannot be severed from you, so we know that nothing can deny our relationship with you. May we repent for not having been true sons and daughters and humbly approach you to seek forgiveness. Even if our Father appears ugly and shabby, he is undoubtedly our Father, and even if he bears a sorrowful heart and worries, he is undoubtedly our Father. We must understand what it means to be a family and know that we have not been filial to you. We earnestly hope to become your children who can recognize this. Who do you want to meet? With whom do you wish to make a promise? To whom do you want to share your many grievances? We hope that you will do so for us today. If you are indignant and resentful, we too are indignant and resentful. Therefore, we earnestly hope that you will make us your children who can be strong and courageous enough to fight against the enemy. Who can inform you of your circumstances, and who can teach you about your heart? Only you can do that. We know that when we appear before you with a heart that desires your compassion, even in our inadequate and shabby state, you cannot forsake us. Please have compassion on us as we call you Father with a heart full of sorrow. We earnestly hope for a new day that can take responsibility for a new historical relationship, and we wish to welcome the new year. We earnestly ask that you make us your sons and daughters who can bear the grief of not being able to fulfill our filial duty and loyalty on the foundation of your heart until the day of ultimate victory. At this time, Father, as we stand at the altar, may the heart of the one delivering the message and the heart of those receiving it not be divided. Open the door of our hearts with your heart, move our circumstances, and observe our current reality, removing all conditions that cannot bring you joy. Please leave only the conditions that can bring you joy, come to us, become our heart's friend, and dwell in our lives so that we can become sons and daughters who can fulfill the mission of pioneers. If there are any elements that hinder us from serving you, please remove them, and allow this time to be one where only you can be served and only you can command. We pray all these things in your name. Amen. 

<Words> When you first enter the Unification Church, you may find it strange that the members use the term "family" unlike ordinary church members. However, the term family is a noun used among those who are in the closest relationships in the world. Therefore, you must clearly understand the significance of the term family and use it accordingly. God, who judges the world of evil and seeks to establish the world of good, you must know that this world we currently live in is not a good world. Anyone you ask will tell you that this world is an evil world. Then, despite the countless people who have come forth hoping for good, how has this world become an evil world instead of a good one? This has become the greatest anguish for those who harbor a purpose. We know well that sacrifices must be made to solve this problem. Many have pursued goodness with a sincere heart, but no one has longed for evil with a sincere heart. However, when we see that the evil that people do not pursue or long for is greater than good, we can infer that today’s world did not start from good but from evil. Therefore, if God exists, He must provide a way for humanity to go towards good. Evil individuals have given rise to evil families, and those families have come together to form evil societies, evil nations, and today the entire world is under the dominion of evil. We understand well that this was not the original wish of humanity nor the wish of God. Therefore, if God exists, He must inevitably carry out a new providence that can eliminate the evil of this world and settle the evil of this world. Since we cannot leave the evil world as it is, a movement must be initiated to establish the world that God desires. This movement must start from one family and spread to society, nations, and the world. We know well that the concept of the chosen people of Israel emerged on the historical path. So, who established that? We must understand that it was God who established it through historical connections to expand the foundation of new goodness. In this way, individuals were established to wage war against evil individuals, families were established to set standards of victory against evil families, and tribes, nations, and states were established to eliminate the evil world and establish good tribes, good nations, and good states. We cannot deny that God prepared a time and a nation to send one who could bear the overall responsibility to establish the will of the whole world on behalf of the world. Who is that person? That person must be one who can save evil people centered on goodness in an evil world, and that person is none other than Jesus Christ. 

The Mission of Jesus Christ So what mission did he come to this earth with? His mission was to restore the evil world and establish a good world, so he must come to this earth in the position of the only begotten son who can receive the deepest love of God, that is, in the position to represent the heart of God's love and call God Father. Therefore, Jesus Christ is the only begotten son of God. History testifies that Jesus came to this earth as the king of good kings to establish God's will. Thus, the people of Israel were to unite centered on Jesus. Today, in this evil world, humans live their social lives centered on themselves. Their views on society, the nation, the world, and the universe are all things that can only align with evil within the realm of corruption. Still, on this earth, there has not yet appeared a personal life, social life, national life, global life, or cosmic life that can connect with God and align with goodness. Therefore, what Jesus Christ wanted to convey during his life on this earth was the overall will of God. Jesus came with the mission to conclude all hopes of history, to fight against the evil of the age, to eradicate evil, and to usher in a day of victory centered on a good nation to establish himself as the King of Kings. This was the fundamental responsibility and purpose for which Jesus came to this earth. Therefore, to establish this foundation, Jesus had to lay the groundwork for personal victory, family victory, tribal victory, national victory, and the victory of the world on this earth. He had to establish his worldview and lifestyle on that foundation. Since God could not foresee how Jesus' life would unfold, He hoped for a day when Jesus could win in personal battles, family battles, tribal battles, national battles, and ultimately, a day of victory. We must understand that God raised the chosen people with this hope in mind. 

The People of Israel Who Could Not Receive Jesus So what should have been the hope of this chosen people? They should have replaced their worldview, life view, and cosmic view with the worldview, life view, and cosmic view of Jesus Christ, who came as the King of Kings to this earth. However, at that time, the people of Israel could not receive Jesus in that position. As a result, they could not bring forth the results of goodness that could conclude 4,000 years of history and had to extend the mission of goodness to fight against evil once again. We know that this has manifested in the 2,000 years of history since Jesus. From this perspective, Jesus, who came to this earth, looked for the nation, the people, the tribe, the family, and the true family and brothers who could be governed by goodness. But were there any true families and brothers who could receive Jesus, the nation, and the people he was looking for? Here, history began to encounter a new problem. Today, countless Christians who believe in Jesus only know that he completed the providence of salvation on this earth. However, we must recognize that this is a great misunderstanding. When God established the people of Israel as the chosen people and nurtured them for 4,000 years, how much effort did He put in to establish them on the foundation of victory? The people of Israel were to unite with the Messiah from the day he arrived and defeat national and global evil to create a good world. How much did God desire in His heart for such a world to be realized through the people of Israel? How much did He hope that His will would be fulfilled when He sent His son? Yet, Jesus came to this earth and could not stand in that position, but instead carried the cross. Was this truly God's hope? No. If Jesus could save all people by dying on the cross, why would God have established the chosen people? Not a single person among the people of Israel, who had been nurtured with such effort, received Jesus, despite having grown on the historical foundation of victory over 4,000 years. The rulers of that nation, the very ones responsible for its ideological domain, should have received Jesus. That was their responsibility, yet they hurried to label him a heretic and obstruct his path. We cannot deny this historical fact. 

The Price Paid by the People of Israel for Killing Jesus Until Jesus came, when they suffered, God saved them, and when they were in lonely places, He protected them. God has made countless efforts. However, since Jesus came and went, the people of Israel have become a nation that is isolated in the world, and whenever revolutions occur, the blame often falls on the people of Israel. They have become a nation rejected by history and have become sacrificial offerings everywhere in the world. We know from history that the people of Israel had to pay the price for killing Jesus. But that was not the end. During World War II, they faced the blood price of six million being slaughtered by Hitler. How did such a sorrowful history arise? It was because they killed the sovereign of goodness who could resolve the overall will of God. We must understand that their sorrowful history is the blood price for killing Jesus. After killing Jesus, the people of Israel have lived as a nation without a country for so long, which, according to God's principle of indemnity, is a necessary disposition. This is not a reward that the chosen people should receive, but rather a punishment and curse that they must bear. We must clearly understand that. Who recognized the heart of Jesus, who had to bear the historical burden and fulfill the mission of the age? No one recognized him. Here, you must understand the connection of family. God sent Jesus through the family of Joseph, which was the family chosen by God among all of Israel. Through the family of Joseph, God's love was meant to connect with all of Israel, and thus God established the family of Joseph as a representative family of all of Israel.
22   What is a family? Then why did God love the unfortunate family of Joseph the most? It is because God sent His most beloved Son to that family. Therefore, the family of Joseph had to protect that Son and accept His entire will as their own. From this perspective, Jesus was born into the family of Joseph. He was born through the Holy Spirit from the body of the betrothed Mary. Who understood the desires and feelings of Jesus? Then what was the original hope of Jesus? Was it to choose disciples? Or was it to go through the past? Or was it to perform the miracle of feeding over five thousand people with five loaves and two fish? No. The hope of Jesus was to save the suffering Israelite nation from Roman oppression and to unify the world into a world of goodness at that time. That was the hope of Jesus who came as the Messiah. Nevertheless, at that time, there was no one who believed in Jesus as the Messiah or recognized Him as such. Who should the Israelite nation have been directly connected to at that time? Should they have been swept away by Roman policies? Or should they have been swayed by the social trends of that era? Neither. The one conclusion that the chosen people of Israel and Judaism should have reached was to become one with the Messiah. They had to unite with the Messiah, who held the purpose entrusted to Him, and establish a unified nation from an absolute standpoint to confront Rome. In doing so, they had to integrate with Rome and the entire world to build a global landscape centered around the Mediterranean. If the Israelite nation had done this at that time, the world would not have become what it is today. The apostles that Jesus desired were not foolish apostles who followed the evils of the world. However, the apostles who followed Jesus were not like that, so you should consider how miserable Jesus must have felt at that time. Jesus did not want foolish apostles. If the apostles that Jesus desired had been found, Israel could have overcome the world of evil. They could have overcome the forces of evil. Because Jesus bore the historical responsibility to establish a good world, His greatest wish was to defeat evil. Therefore, Jesus lived each day with this wish in mind, biting His tongue and holding on. This was something that no one at that time knew. The purpose of Jesus was to save all people, not to save individuals by dying on the cross. Then why was Jesus's purpose to save the world not fulfilled? Why was the temporary salvation of the nation not achieved? It was because the people who followed Jesus at that time did not realize that His wish was to save families, tribes, and the world all at once. Everyone only thought about believing in Jesus and going to heaven, without considering the wish that Jesus had. So how anxious must Jesus have been, who held in His heart the will of God to save the Israelite nation from Rome all at once? However, the apostles who followed Jesus did not know this. Even Peter did not know this. Who understood the heart of Jesus? Who knew the inner feelings of Jesus, who appealed to God every time He walked through the valley of the Mount of Olives? How much did Jesus want to tear down the power of Rome! Not the groups of Judaism and the Israelite nation that opposed Him and did not recognize Him, but the true Judaism and true Israel that could solemnly offer sacrifices before God were what Jesus longed for in His heart! The disciples did not even dream of such things. We must clearly understand that Jesus could not be satisfied with disciples who merely wished to believe and go to heaven. Such groups should not have become Jesus's disciples. Jesus came to this earth to unite with the rulers of the Jewish nation and the leaders of the Jewish sect responsible for the ideological field of that nation to make Rome submit before God. Even though the Israelite nation and Judaism had to unite and present the Messiah, they opposed Jesus instead. What would become of their fate? It is unreasonable that the chosen people opposed Jesus. 

23   Did Jesus come to die? Was His dream to die? Today's ignorant Christians might think so, but we must clearly understand that this is not the case. If Jesus came to die, why would God establish the chosen people? Could such a thing have been done at once? No. The family of Joseph was the family chosen by God. The family of John the Baptist was also a relative of the family of Joseph. Joseph was a descendant of David, whom God could not help but love. Therefore, God established the family of Joseph as the representative family of the nation. In doing so, He gave birth to Jesus alone. Then you must understand why Jesus had to leave the family of Joseph to choose His disciples. Jesus was born into this world in miserable circumstances. This was because Mary and Joseph did not fulfill their responsibilities. I will omit the details due to time constraints. From the day He was born, Jesus had to establish the law of loyalty before God so that He could first serve God and prepare a foundation to fulfill God's will. Where did this foundation need to be prepared? It had to be prepared from the family of Joseph. Of course, this is not recorded in the Bible. However, Jesus had to prepare it from the family of Joseph. Mary, who gave birth to Jesus, also knew how her son would turn out under the guidance of the beautiful angels of heaven. However, this does not mean that God was always with Mary while Jesus was growing up. Therefore, as time passed, Mary began to think that Jesus was born by chance. Jesus grew up in such a family of Joseph. 

24   Meanwhile, Joseph began to have doubts about whether Jesus was truly conceived by the Holy Spirit or by someone else. The more he thought about it, the more troubled he became. Think about it! How would Joseph's heart have felt when his betrothed brought home a child and said it was conceived by the Holy Spirit? He may have believed the fact that God taught him, but every time he looked at Jesus or Mary, how could he not feel intense pain? Thus, Jesus could not help but grow up sorrowfully in the arms of a stepfather. You must understand the circumstances of Jesus. He was a sorrowful Jesus. He served his younger siblings but had never received service from them. Even when Jesus heard something from Joseph, He could not truly hear it from the position of receiving a father's love. He heard it from the position of being suspected by a stepfather. In this way, Jesus grew up in invisible abuse. Jesus, who had many sorrows, even when Mary had an unpleasant experience with Joseph or if Joseph frowned even a little, could not help but think while looking at Jesus. What do you think? Can you truly understand the feelings of such a person? If a woman who remarried with a stepchild had a husband who frowned even a little, how could she not relate everything to her stepchild? You must understand that Jesus was in a position where He could not have a foundation of happiness. That is why there was much sorrow in Jesus's heart. As the holidays approached, His younger siblings could rejoice and prepare with their parents, but Jesus, who had many thoughts, could not ask for even one piece of clothing without being cautious. Therefore, Jesus could not help but face the holidays with a miserable appearance. Such things are not in the Bible. Then how do I know this? You can know this by asking Jesus. Think about it. Even if there were rice cakes prepared at home for the holidays, Jesus could not reach out first and say, “Mother, please give me some!” Even when there was something good, even while looking at the beautiful clothes that His younger siblings wore, Jesus could not say, “Please give me some. Please do something for me.” You must understand that Jesus was someone who could not express all of these circumstances! Jesus, who could not enjoy days with friends of his age, could not align himself with the environment! Thinking of such things breaks my heart. Who knows these things? People only know, “Oh! The King of kings, the only begotten Son of God has come to this earth!” They do not know that Jesus, as a child, shed endless tears every time he looked at children joyfully celebrating the holidays with their parents. As He looked around the world, what He longed for was the love of parents who could embrace Him. Jesus, who had a younger sibling, could not even call him a younger brother! Jesus was in a position where He could not declare himself as an older brother in front of those siblings! He truly lived a miserable life. You must understand these circumstances of Jesus. Everyone, think quietly. Is this something that Teacher Moon made up or not? Would you agree? Could God have taught them every day, saying, “You rascal, you rascal!”? You must understand that Jesus was sorrowful because it was not possible. “The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests, but the Son of Man has nowhere to lay His head.” (Matt 8:20) Do you know what this means? It means He was like this from birth. Do you know why Jesus said, “Who is my mother, and who are my brothers? … For whoever does the will of my Father in heaven is my brother and sister and mother”? (Matt 12:48-50) You must understand that Jesus went with a heart full of unutterable sorrow.

27   Jesus felt the responsibility for the salvation of humanity and secretly devoted Himself. Jesus grew up in the home of a carpenter. He worked as an assistant under Joseph, the carpenter. However, every time Jesus held a sickle, carved wood, or planed wood, He worked with the heart to save Israel. He worked with the solemn responsibility that the chosen people of Israel should not be like this, and that He would carve and shape them to create a new Israel. With this heart, He always embraced and loved Israel, working with a heart that could turn back to God. No one knew the wish of Jesus, who held such a thought. However, Jesus devoted Himself to preparing His life while consulting with God. On quiet nights when His parents and siblings were asleep, unaware of anything, He would go outside, gaze at the stars in the sky, appeal to His heart, look at the flowing river, or the leaves swaying in the wind, and comfort Himself, saying, “You know my circumstances and understand my wishes, right?” Although humans did not know Jesus, all things and nature became His friends. Jesus, who came to this earth for humanity and needed to be recognized by humans, could not find true humans or an environment where true humans could live, which made Him long for the embrace of nature and the embrace of God. You must understand that this was Jesus. Originally, if Joseph and Mary had known that Jesus was the true Son sent by God, the Prince of God, and the Messiah for all people, they should have honored Him as the Prince of God from the day He was born. They should have worshiped Jesus every day. Because He is the King of kings and has come as the sovereign of heaven who can rule the entire universe for eternity, from the day Jesus was born, Joseph and Mary should have devoted themselves to Him with all their hearts and fulfilled their duties of loyalty. From a human perspective, is there any law that says one must fulfill their duties of loyalty before their own son? However, according to heavenly law, that is how it should be. Originally, when God sent Jesus to the family of Joseph, it was not to make Him suffer. God had taught in advance and caused Jesus to be born through Mary's womb, not to make Him suffer, but to ensure that He would receive glory and protection, not to be chased and persecuted. However, it began to go wrong from the family of Joseph. The more Jesus realized that He bore the heavenly mission upon Himself, the more He struggled to lead His siblings and parents before God's will. The words, “How often would I have gathered your children together as a hen gathers her chicks under her wings!” (Matt 23:37) were not spoken about the Israelite nation. They were spoken about His own family. Jesus first worked hard for His own family. Jesus, who came with the responsibility to establish the kingdom of God on behalf of the heavenly principles, wanted to give first to His closest beloved parents. Wouldn't that be the case, everyone? If there is something good, isn't it a child's duty to want to give it first to their beloved parents? And wouldn't they want to give it first to their beloved siblings and relatives? That is why, from the time Jesus became aware, He thought about the historical connection of God visiting the family of Joseph and prayed many times to establish God's will centered on the family of Joseph. But did Joseph and Mary honor Jesus? The principle is that even when serving meals, they should serve Jesus first. Joseph and Mary should have been responsible for Jesus's entire life. Shouldn't it be that way? If we look at it centered on the will, it should be that way.
29 So Joseph had to take care of Jesus. Joseph had to become the chief disciple among the disciples. Do you believe that Joseph had to be Jesus' chief disciple? What do you think you would have done if you were in such a situation? Think about it. Would you have done it or not? Jesus, who had to abandon the foundation prepared by God, wanted to fulfill the great and tremendous mission He received from God starting from Joseph's family. This was because there was a principled reason for it. Joseph had to be Jesus' chief disciple. If that happened, would Jesus' siblings follow or not? Although it is not written in the Bible, it is said that if the siblings wished for their older brother to appear as the Messiah, they criticized Him for not going to the many people in Jerusalem. Would it have been okay for the siblings to criticize like that? It is also said that Mary looked down on Jesus. She did not treat Him normally. However, fundamentally, it had to be fulfilled starting from that household. It was necessary to fulfill God's will centered on Joseph's family. Then, who is John the Baptist? He is Jesus' cousin. They are relatives. The relatives had to unite centered on Joseph's family. Joseph and Mary had to unite to uphold Jesus' will, and the siblings had to become disciples, and all the relatives had to become apostles, meaning that the siblings and relatives had to become the 12 disciples, 70 disciples, and 120 disciples to overcome the evil world. If this had been done and confronted other races and nations, you must understand that Jesus would never have been crucified. However, the will of Jesus, which had to be fulfilled starting from the family, could not be realized. This tremendous mission of salvation should have been upheld starting from His parents and siblings, but it could not be. As a result, the family of Joseph was able to expel the 4,000 years of grace that God had prepared all at once and betrayed God all at once. By driving Jesus away, 

30 the situation changed. Would Jesus have gone around looking for fishermen like Peter and James for no reason? No. Was that Jesus' mission? (Omitted) At the wedding feast in Cana, when Jesus' mother told Him that they had run out of wine, what did Jesus say? He said, "Woman, what does this have to do with me?" (John 2:4), right? We cannot know how many twists and turns are entangled in such circumstances. However, not all the underlying facts are recorded in the Bible. No one knew the circumstances that could not be spoken of. When Jesus saw His mother at the wedding feast in Cana and said, "Woman, what does this have to do with me?" and when His mother and brothers came looking for Him, He said, "For whoever does the will of my Father in heaven is my brother and sister and mother." (Matthew 12:50), this means that His mother and siblings did not do God's will. You must understand this clearly. Did Jesus come to die? No. He was the one who was wronged. Although it is not recorded in the Bible, Jesus earnestly urged His mother and father three times. However, they could not uphold Jesus' will. Yet, the heavenly principle cannot be absorbed by human ethics. Human ethics must follow the heavenly principle. Jesus knew that the purpose of God sending Him to this earth was not to establish human ethics but to establish the heavenly principle to organize and judge this evil world. Therefore, Jesus must have pleaded with God’s will to establish the laws of the heavenly principle. Although He urged three times, it did not reach His mother or Joseph. In the meantime, Jesus turned 30 years old, and when He turned 30, He could no longer stay at home for the sake of God's will. Until then, no one understood the circumstances and injustices of Jesus, who could not leave home at the age of 30, and furthermore, no one understood the painful and sorrowful situation of God. No one knew how sorrowful Jesus must have been to abandon the family and relatives that God had prepared, the foundation of 4,000 years.

31 Jesus had no choice but to go on the second course. Originally, Jesus should not have had to go out into the wilderness to be tested. However, because it turned out this way, Jesus had to fast for 40 days, and He had to indemnify and restore the history of 4,000 years and lay that foundation again. Through the 40 days of fasting, He had to take away all the conditions of resentment that Satan had invaded His family and set them before God again. To indemnify what God had worked hard for 4,000 years to establish Joseph's family, Jesus had to negotiate with God. That is why there was a 40-day fasting period. For this reason, after 40 days, Jesus entered the second course. You must understand how the second course began. What do you think the heart of Jesus was like while walking this second course? Jesus was driven away from Joseph's family and from His relatives. However, originally, it was supposed to rise up from both inside and outside, meaning that the relatives should have united centered on Joseph's family and established a foundation for God's providence of the new age by raising John the Baptist, who was highly respected in that era. In this way, it was necessary to create an environment where the Israelite people and Judaism would have to follow. However, all of this collapsed. Because everything collapsed, a direct confrontation began. The intention was to first fulfill the will at the family level and then face the nation, but instead, they faced the nation and came out to find the family. Do you understand what I mean? It should have been addressed in the order of individual, family, tribe, nation, and state, but because this was broken, it had to be restored in reverse. Therefore, it was necessary to go out to find the nation, to find the denomination, and to organize tribes among the nation and denomination, and to reorganize families and find the connections with parents and siblings. These things can be well understood if you learn the principles. If Jesus had established the heavenly principle centered on Joseph's family and united with John the Baptist,

32 what could have been accomplished centered on that family and relatives? Wouldn't that have been possible? At that time, John the Baptist was a highly respected person known as the teacher of the entire nation. John the Baptist was supposed to start with Jesus at the center along with the sovereigns of the nation, but because John the Baptist went in the opposite direction, Jesus ended up in a pitiful position. Jesus said that the gospel would be preached to the poor, which is truly a pitiful thing. Jesus came to this earth as the only begotten Son of God, the Prince of God, so why should He preach the gospel to the poor? The Israelite people have been longing for a Savior for 4,000 years. However, because the first hope of Jesus, which should have been fulfilled in Joseph's family, could not be realized, He had no choice but to start from the bottom. Therefore, He gathered fishermen like Peter, John, and James who followed Him to correct the corrupt denomination and the Israelite people. This is where the fight began. Many people say that Jesus came to die on the cross. When I hear such words, I truly get angry. Does God save by killing Jesus? The 4,000-year history has collapsed, and can salvation come through the cross? If He died on the cross, can He be saved? If He just died, He absolutely cannot be saved? Jesus resurrected and ascended 40 days later, which established the way of the cross. If Jesus had not established the 40 days, there would be no resurrection. Because He resurrected and established the expectation of victory for 40 days and then ascended, Christianity was able to triumph. Therefore, the cross that is spread across the world must be cut off by the Unification Church members. Those who hear this for the first time may find it strange. Then why do we call each other "family" in the Unification Church? You all use the term "family" well, right? Are you truly family? The term "family" you use is not a flimsy term. Then why did the teacher of the Unification Church emphasize the noun "family"? There is a historical twist embedded in it.

33 Why did Jesus die? First, because of Joseph's family, second, because of John the Baptist, and third, because the church made mistakes. This is undoubtedly an unfair and resentful matter. God sent His Son, believing in the Israelite people who had been nurtured for 4,000 years, and they killed that Son and said He came to die? They know nothing else. Then what did God intend to do for 4,000 years centered on the Israelite people? Did He intend to orchestrate things to kill Jesus? Even if He was born and died, He would still be Jesus and the Son of God, so why would He cause such a commotion and be driven to death after growing up at the age of 30? Wouldn't it be better to let Him die as a baby? Can a baby not be a Savior? This is something that can be understood easily, yet there are people who do not understand it and believe it, which is truly shameful. And they still claim they will go to heaven? The teacher speaking here has seen through all of this. What was the primary cause of Jesus' death? It was in Joseph's family. What did Jesus come to find on this earth? He came to find a family. Even if the Israelite nation was at peace, Joseph's family had to establish the heavenly kingdom centered on Jesus. Only then could Jesus receive the bride as the bridegroom. Originally, God did not create husbands to enter heaven while wives enter hell. The original protagonists at the time of creation, namely the father, mother, son, and daughter, were meant to form a tribe, nation, and country. Shouldn't it be that way? However, because humanity fell, hell came into existence. Jesus, who came to fulfill the heavenly principle, needed to have a true family on this earth to fulfill the purpose for which God sent Him, not to have it in the spirit world.

34 If Jesus were to die on the cross, countless disciples would also have to shed blood on the cross. Therefore, heaven is not a place that can accept those disciples who have shed blood and died. The original purpose of salvation was not to make disciples bleed on this earth to save them. Jesus was not meant to do such things from the beginning. Jesus said that He is the bridegroom and you are the bride. God intends to bring true children by receiving the Prince sent by God and allowing the sons and daughters of God to sing of their original love, and to establish the original family, original nation, original state, and original world, meaning that heaven on earth is the place to enter after establishing that. However, you must understand that the place Jesus went to was paradise. Paradise is like a waiting room to enter heaven. The original purpose for which God created heaven was to allow true children to be born from true parents and to live in true families, tribes, nations, and the world that God would be pleased with. Only after that can one go to heaven. This was the original purpose for which God created heaven. But did Jesus stand in such a position? Why did Jesus end up in paradise? You must clearly understand that pitiful fate and twist. Jesus said, "My Father is God, I am the bridegroom, and you are the bride." You are the bride. Therefore, you must find the bridegroom. Jesus, as the bridegroom, will come to find the sons and daughters through the relationship with the bride. He will not make them servants but will make them sons and daughters in the name of friends. He intends to make all the believers scattered around the world into true heavenly family members who serve God. Thus, Jesus intends to become the original couple and the original parents, embracing humanity as original children in the original world on this earth. This is God's hope and the relationship that Jesus brought. Because the people of that time did not know this, Jesus came as the Son of God and ended up in a wronged position, dying as a sinner. What is the purpose of the bridegroom seeking the bride? It is to reproduce children. How can children be born without a bride? That is why Jesus said, "I am the bridegroom, and you are the bride." Jesus had to find a bride. But what is the reality of the current Korean church? Oh, I believe well, I am a revival pastor, so I call myself a bride before Jesus. However, that is a statement made without truly understanding what a bride is. The situation in Korea is truly pitiful. Believers in America, the Vatican, and around the world will soon have to acknowledge these facts. Nowadays, among pastors, there are those who like anything Western. I am not criticizing those pastors; it is just the reality. Ultimately, they need to study. They complain about being taught things they do not know. They are afraid that if they leave it to the Unification Church for just a week, they will all be converted. Do you understand? Why did Jesus say He is the bridegroom? It is because the way of salvation must come through the way of human ethics. Therefore, Jesus must establish the way of salvation that has gone through the way of human ethics on this earth. In other words, because humanity has fallen, true parents are needed before these fallen humans. Why did God create humans as male and female? It was to reproduce children whom God can love on this earth and to govern all things. However, after God created one man and one woman, did He look at them with joy and say, "Now that you have multiplied, I will bless you," and hold a wedding ceremony? Today, pastors are conducting weddings well. However, the people they bless end up in the afterlife before God.
36 What is a family? They must clearly understand that when they become a traitor, they themselves also become a traitor. Regarding the Second Advent, ignorant Christians must calmly consider whether God, who created heaven and earth, actually married Adam and Eve. He did not. Adam and Eve made a mistake in their marriage. Adam and Eve held their wedding centered around Satan. Because God could not grant the wedding He had longed for over 6,000 years, it must be reversed and adjusted through the hole of restoration. True sons and true daughters must be established to hold a wedding feast in the name of the bride and groom. Do they not know this and believe that Jesus will come riding on clouds? Will it be possible for Jesus to come riding on clouds? It is a serious matter that they believe so absurdly. What is lost must be found where it was lost. Since it was lost on earth, it must be found on earth; how can it be found by coming on clouds? The trumpet of the archangel? Have they seen it? They do not even know what it is, which is a serious matter. It refers to proclaiming new news. What is spoken in the Unification Church is the true trumpet. It is a very large trumpet. The new word is the golden trumpet made of gold. Therefore, they must come and listen. Is it God's way for the Prince of Heaven to come in a carriage and say, "How have you been? I have come to take you now!"? Is that the way of Heaven? Is that the heavenly law? Is it to meet such absurd people that Jesus comes riding on clouds? It is truly a pitiful matter. Such people would turn away after just asking three times, "I do not know." We are in an era where we can travel by jet. Is it not madness to walk when we can freely take a jet? If we go by jet, we can cover a distance that would take about an hour, but walking would take more than ten days, over a hundred days. Wouldn't that be pointless? Such things must be smashed.

37 Is there a need to take more than ten days or over a hundred days to solve something that can be resolved in an hour? They keep dragging out what should be handled within an hour…. What you must understand here is what a family is centered around. Let us think again about the noun family centered on Jesus. In the Garden of Gethsemane, Jesus, who wept while embracing God's sorrow, clearly saw the path leading to Rome beyond the Jewish nation. He thought, "If Judaism unites with the Israelite nation, Rome will fall into my hands." Jesus, who was dead, conquered Rome over 400 years, but if Jesus, the Son of God, had been alive, would Rome have been a problem? He was the one who could conquer Rome based on Israel. This is our principle, and it must be this way. As Jesus entered his twenties, the Israelite nation became increasingly impoverished. They were suffering under Roman oppression. When looking at the Israelite nation, whose hopes for the future were completely blocked and who were entering twilight, Jesus was filled with an indescribable love for the nation. How much did He weep before God, crying out in love for the nation, placing Israel before Him? The Israelite nation did not know this. Therefore, as time went on, Jesus felt increasingly impatient. He knew that the sovereign of Israel must govern and move Israel, and that he must step over Judaism and even step over Rome. Jesus could have struck Rome at once with a new view of life, a new worldview, and a new ideology. The resentment that had built up in Jesus' heart was great because the Israel that God had worked hard for and prepared for 4,000 years could not unite as a family, nation, and denomination.

38 What is a family? Jesus lamented that He had no foundation to stand on. Who should Judaism be waiting for? Would it not be the person God sent? The foundation that countless ancestors paved while walking the path of sacrifice historically was not to make Israel a foundation of happiness? We must understand how lonely and indignant Jesus must have felt when that nation did not recognize the Messiah, who was Himself. The greater Jesus' love for the nation, the more anxious He felt, while also realizing how pitiful God was. Even in such a position, Jesus did not blame God but instead embraced God and tried to fulfill the duty of filial piety. How heartbreaking it must have been for Jesus, with no one to support Him from any side, and everything before Him only causing sorrow before God, to have to comfort God while embracing that sorrow! Furthermore, how sorrowful God's heart must have been when looking at Jesus, who was being cornered before the Jewish nation! Jesus could not help but think of these things and weep. Jesus, thinking of the final fateful path He had to take to bear responsibility for this earth, went up to the Garden of Gethsemane and prayed before God, saying, "My Father, if it is possible, let this cup pass from me; nevertheless, not as I will, but as You will." (Matt 26:39) At that time, it was not a matter of whether Jesus lived or died. It was not that He prayed to God because He was heartbroken over being sacrificed on the cross, but He prayed thinking of the hard work God had done for 4,000 years to find and establish the chosen people of Israel. Having walked the path of suffering and hardship for a long time while weeping for Israel, Jesus knew that if He died, everything would shatter into pieces, and He wept, holding onto the historical sorrowful circumstances of God's hard work.

39 Knowing that if He died, the Israelite nation would become traitors before God, Jesus, even at the moment of death, looked at the Israelite nation and prayed, "Father, forgive their sins." The responsibility of the Unification Church members—this nation, which God had worked hard to establish for 4,000 years—if He abandoned them, where would they go? Jesus was concerned for the Israelite nation. He knew that it was His responsibility to connect the future destiny with the nation, so He asked for their sins to be forgiven. In this way, Jesus fulfilled His responsibility toward Israel. We must understand Jesus' earnest heart, who, while worrying about a nation that betrayed Him, asked for their sins to be forgiven for the sake of a hopeful day. In the heart of Jesus, who died on the cross, there was boundless sorrow and a deep yearning for new hope. How great must have been God's sorrow, who understood Jesus' heart! Who on this earth would understand such circumstances and resolve them, and who would relieve that resentment? This task depends on the saints of the last days. The Unification Church was established to teach these things. The Teacher has walked the path that God commanded in Korea until now. However, the pastors of established churches have tried to drive out the Unification Church, which is running toward the path that serves Heaven, for 20 years with all kinds of slander. However, you must understand that the Teacher is praying every night, worrying about those who are slandering, because He knows the providential will that God has sought for 6,000 years. Praying for them is the Teacher's heart. "Unification Church, you great Satan! It was said that many antichrists would appear in the last days, and here is the antichrist! I wish they were dead." This kind of thought.

40 What is a family? The pastors know this well. However, the outcome of this is very clear. Today's Unification Church members must not become people without bones. God's sorrowful heart dwells in our hearts, and the resentment of countless ages dwells in our chests. It is the responsibility of Unification Church members to resolve this and bring about reconciliation to please God. As the Father of humanity, as the Lord of the universe, we must become the final victors and the final shield who can fulfill the hope of the Messiah, who came to resolve His resentment and welcome the day of victory. You must clearly understand that Unification Church members are those who have stepped forward for this purpose. Where are the worlds of hope, the nations of hope, the tribes and families of hope, and the individuals of hope where God can dwell, embrace, and be served? Because there were no such hopeful people, Jesus had no choice but to stand on the path of the cross and embark on the final journey. That is why Jesus likened His body to the temple and vowed that He alone would not be broken for the sake of God's temple. You must understand that heart. The Unification family must resolve the longing of Jesus for love. That is why Jesus said, "I have many things to say to you, but you cannot bear them now." (John 16:12). Why did they not understand Jesus' circumstances? They could open their mouths to say they were hungry, but they did not know that there were conditions of indemnity that they had to surpass beyond that hunger. No one knew God's unjust circumstances and feelings. "I still have many things to say to you, but you cannot bear them now. However, when the Spirit of truth comes, He will guide you into all truth; for He will not speak on His own, but will speak whatever He hears and will declare to you the things that are to come." (John 16:12-13). Do you remember these words? 

41 You must understand the circumstances of Jesus, who carried such resentment. The Jesus who died on the cross was someone who was cornered and pursued and had to struggle with an unjust heart. We must understand that the path He walked is still a path of tears, and that the path of blood He walked has not yet ceased in the course of history. Unification Church members must know these things. "Please let me find that world that Jesus desired, that nation that Jesus sought, that people that Jesus wanted to embrace, and that family where Jesus wanted to rest." They must embrace the lonely heart of Jesus and be able to serve Him like a brother. They must place Him in a position where He can be loved more than anyone else, respected more than anyone else, and cherished more than anyone else. Jesus came to this earth without parents. Therefore, in His heart, He longed infinitely for parental love. When He called out, "Mom! Dad!" He wanted to hear, "Yes, my son!" in response, and to have parents who would say, "I will cooperate for your sake." Jesus greatly longed for parental love. He was also in a position where He could not receive love from relatives. When Jesus went up to the Jerusalem temple, His family treated Him as a madman. There was an uncle in the neighboring town, but because that uncle thought he was receiving parental love, Jesus did not want to deal with him. In fact, it was Jesus who longed for that uncle's love. Therefore, every time Jesus looked at God, He could not help but think about how much God wanted to love people on this earth. When we look at the family centered on Jesus and the nation centered on Jesus, that is, when we look at the Israelite nation and the family of Joseph, we must understand that Jesus was someone who could not receive love in front of family and relatives.

42 Jesus, who did not receive love from the Israelite nation! Jesus, who had to be cornered and die by the Israelite nation! Where could He receive love when He came to this earth? Jesus, whose heart ached with longing for love! We must resolve those painful matters. The desperate circumstances that led to the emergence of the noun family—Jesus was a person without a nation. Even if there was a nation, even if there was a sovereign state, He was born as a person who could not receive protection. He had relatives and a family, but He was someone who did not receive love. He longed for love. He longed for parental love, the love of six cousins, uncles, grandfathers, and all the people around Him. But where had the nation that should have embraced Jesus gone? Where had the father who should have embraced Him gone? Jesus, who could neither receive love nor give love, was truly an unhappy person. What must have been His feelings when Jesus, who came to this earth to represent God's heart, was cornered by the people of this earth? Jesus, who embraced Heaven and looked only at the lifeline of humanity! But in the end, you must understand that He was looking at Heaven while dying on the cross. Jesus, who could not receive love, and also Jesus, who could not give love—there are countless parents in this world, but where were the parents Jesus could love? There are many brothers on this earth, but where was the family Jesus could love? Where were the relatives Jesus could love? Where was the nation Jesus could love, the state, and the world? Jesus, who was pursued and cornered! However, Heaven knew all the sorrowful circumstances of Jesus, who was cornered inside and outside. From this perspective, what must we do? The term "family" in the Unification Church was established from here.
43 Humanity was gathered together because it was my wish to teach the heavenly principles necessary to establish the connection of family that God desires. Therefore, the term "family" has been emphasized. Thus, those of you who have become family members have the mission to take responsibility for and resolve the sorrow and resentment of Jesus, who suffered so miserably and unjustly. You also have the mission to bear the burden of the suffering path that Jesus walked on the way to the cross. With the expectation of tomorrow, Jesus left behind his sorrow! It is your mission to resolve that sorrow. The group that has set out to pave this path, prepared to face death, is the members of the Unification Church. You must understand the desperate circumstances under which I have gathered you to teach the term "family" in order to pave this path. We have walked this road until now under the name of family, which carries such profound content. Now, the year 1965 is drawing to a close. The time is approaching to conclude 1965 and take responsibility for the fate of the nation, deciding between life and death. In such a situation, the question is whether you can stand confidently before God under the name of family. We cannot help but think about this matter again with a cool head. You must understand that no matter how hard we try, we cannot compare ourselves to Jesus. Those who were his disciples were not true disciples. His parents were not true parents, and his relatives were not true relatives. The world in which he lived was not truly his world. We must recognize the fact that he did not have even one person whom he could call naturally. Jesus, who could not love Mary! Jesus, who could not love Peter, John, and James, even while traveling with them! You must understand this. Because of this historical sorrow, today, the sons and daughters of God must resolve this sorrow. Otherwise, they cannot become the sons and daughters of God. To be saved and go to heaven... it sounds wonderful. However, the nails are driven into God's heart, and Jesus' heart is bruised. 

44 What kind of family is this? Who will heal this heart? You must clearly understand that if you cannot comfort that heart, you will never enter heaven. 

The path of the Unification Church

So, what should the members of the Unification Church do today? They must become those who can receive love on behalf of Jesus, who was not able to receive love, and they must become those who can love on behalf of Jesus, who was not able to love. What this means is that the believers of our Unification Church should be able to love children, for example, as representatives of Jesus whenever they see them. Just as Jesus could not love, there remains a national sorrow and a global sorrow. Therefore, the members of the Unification Church must become uncles, aunts, brothers, and sisters who can love children like Jesus. Do you understand what I mean? It is our mission to resolve the sorrow that Jesus had, which is why we must become Jesus’ uncles, brothers, and sisters. We must become parents who can love Jesus, grandparents who can love Jesus, and relatives who could not love Jesus, because that is the sorrow. You must become those who can resolve that sorrow. To be a brother of Jesus, you must love Jesus from the brother's perspective, and to be a sister, you must love Jesus from the sister's perspective. On the other hand, you must love all of humanity. Only then can you stand in the position of a family that treats Jesus as Jesus and as a relative. Only then can a new nation centered on God's will be established through us, and a new nation that loves Jesus on behalf of the nation that could not love him can be created. The path of the Unification Church is this path. Only then can all nations love Jesus, and a world where all of humanity loves Jesus, that is, heaven, can be realized. Have you ever prayed for this to happen?

45 When have we ever thought and loved all of humanity like Jesus? The fact that we have not done so is the sorrow. No matter how rough and tough the path may be, you must understand that life’s journey is to fill it with love without rejecting it. Otherwise, you cannot resolve Jesus' sorrow. The Jesus who wanted to meet you! The Jesus who wanted to live together with you! You must become someone who can accept that situation. You must become a mother or father who can listen to that situation. You must become an uncle who can listen to that situation. You must become a nation that can resolve that situation. Because that nation did not understand Jesus' situation, you must love that nation and that world on behalf of Jesus, who could not love that nation. You must be able to love that ethnicity and that race. Only then can you resolve the sorrow that Jesus could not love. 

To become a family member of Jesus

To do this, you must create an environment that can resolve the sorrow that Jesus could not love. Only then can you be a loyal younger sibling, a sister, a family member, and a tribe before Jesus today. Only then can you become a group that receives God's love. Have you ever loved like that? You must be able to love the family that Jesus could not love, the ethnicity that Jesus could not love, and the world that Jesus could not love. You must become someone who can struggle because you could not love like that. Only then can you stand in a position where God can be with you. You must understand that only by surpassing such a position on earth can you avoid the suffering of Golgotha and go before God. Only then can you become a son of God and establish a bond of life with God.

46 What kind of family is this? Only then can you become a family member. "Lord, when have you received treatment as a Lord? You walked the path of a stranger, didn't you? You were imprisoned, weren't you?" You must be able to resolve the sorrowful circumstances of Jesus in order to establish a connection of family with Jesus, who came as the son of God. This applies because you are in a position to establish the relationship between father and son; if you are in a position like that of a servant, such words cannot apply. Jesus thinks of us as his children, so when he sees a sick child or a child going to the gallows, he wants to comfort them. That is the heart of a parent. You must understand that Jesus came with the mission to establish the relationship between father and son, that is, the mission to save souls. No matter how difficult my body may be, to place humanity in the position of children and to comfort them, to grieve for them, and to think of their suffering as if it were your own is the heart of a parent. Only by truly understanding this heart can you become a family member. When have you ever done that? Today, many family members are going out to various places in South Korea to evangelize. They are fighting on the front lines. But how many times have you had the same heart as Jesus or the heart of a younger sibling who loves Jesus? You must have that heart. If your child is walking such a path, wouldn't a parent want to visit that child a thousand or ten thousand times? If your younger sibling is walking such a path, wouldn't a brother want to go on behalf of them? When there is such a family member among your family, isn't it the duty of a family member to visit them? If you do not stand in a position to love this nation and the world in this way, you cannot establish God's will. You cannot become a child who can establish God's will. You cannot go to the nation where God's will is fulfilled. You must understand that the term "family" is such a tremendous and fearful word.

47 We have a path of struggle ahead of us. We must understand that there is a path that I must run after following the path that God has walked with a heartfelt desire. You must realize that only those who can struggle to take responsibility for this remaining path can bear the term "family." By practicing with this name of family on this earth, we must resolve the sorrow that is tied to Jesus and must resolve the sorrow of Jesus' cross, who walked the path of a death filled with sorrow, by holding onto the nation and the world. Do not become someone who abuses the term "family." Only by having a heart that can look upon the world with compassion can this world walk the path of restoration. Knowing this fact, you must not become someone who abuses the term "family." It must be so. Then you will surely become the sons and daughters of God and be able to enter heaven. You will surely be able to enter that nation. When such a world is established, heaven and earth cannot deny it. Centered on this fact, you must think several times a day about what my heart as a family member should be like. When something good happens to you, whether it is something to wear or something to eat, you must not try to wear or eat it first. What is good and what is evil? Evil is that which draws me in, while good is when I am drawn to the absolute subject. In other words, evil is wanting to be the subject in front of the whole, while good is wanting to stand in a position of being an object in front of the whole. That is why conscience keeps insisting on repayment. If your heart is good, it encourages you to do more. Through 30 million people of this nation, you must respond to 3 billion people of humanity, and through 3 billion people, you must repay before heaven and earth. However, this cannot be enough. Conscience does not rest. 

48 What kind of family is this? Even if you conquer the world and fulfill God's purpose on earth, and even if you conquer God, it is still not enough. You must understand that even after conquering God, it is still insufficient. What must you conquer? You must conquer the love hidden within God's heart. Conscience does not want to rest. That is why today’s religions must teach this. What does religion initially teach? It teaches about God. What does it teach next? It teaches about God's purpose. What does it teach after that? It teaches about God's love. From the perspective of religious teachings, humanity must become the embodiment of God's purpose. In other words, you must become God's. In that relationship, conscience wants to prepare a foundation where it can rest forever and wishes to remain there eternally. That is why you must understand that you are being restored. When you realize this fact, you will truly appreciate conscience. That is why when someone first enters the church, they feel deeply impressed, saying, "Ah! The value of life is like this." There is no completion in ignorance, but when you can stand confidently before God, the subject of the universe, and before the God of love who can embrace eternity, and when you become one with God and conquer God's love, then the entire universe belongs to you, and the dominion over all things must inevitably culminate in you. That is why humanity is called the crown of creation. Human greed has its limits. It is not higher than heaven or wider than earth. So what does greed take as its limit? You can understand this by knowing the purpose of religion. The unification of the world is not centered on human morality; it is centered on heavenly morality. Isn’t your greed like that? Whether you are poor or rich, you want to make the world yours, right? And because God is the one with a single purpose, he cannot have two purposes. Therefore, no matter what heavenly circumstances you go through, you must establish a single purpose. Because the external world has come to be like that, the internal religion must also emerge with the ideology of unification. Thus, you must understand that the need for the Unification Church has arisen due to this historical trend. 

49 So, what should be the center of unification? It must be centered on heart. Therefore, we must capture God's love and Jesus' love. By doing so, we should respect God by inheriting the heart of God from the past, present, and future. Here, you must understand that there is no completion in ignorance. Today is the age of artificial satellites; can you believe in a haphazard way? You must understand that there can be no personal completion in ignorance. This is why the Unification Church is necessary. That is why the global situation cannot help but gather under the banner of unification. This is the heavenly principle. Because of this principle, the teacher is mobilizing the members of the Unification Church. If there are those who have come here for the first time, please pray. Then you will realize that this is indeed the case. You must understand that you are the group that knows this tremendous fact and that you are the ones who are historically and timely resolving the past and striving towards the future. The teacher sincerely hopes that you will never forget the honor of being a family member. 

<Prayer> As I think about how many twists and turns there have been on the path of restoration until now, I cannot help but think that there is still a steep path of heart that we must walk. Today, we have gathered the young children here to once again reflect on the sorrowful historical facts.
50   What is a family? Yesterday was Christmas, and many people celebrated this day, but how many were there who embraced the heart of Jesus, shedding tears and approaching the Father with a heart full of sorrow? And how many children were there who worried about the heavenly path of tomorrow? How many know the fact that the Father has worked tirelessly beyond count? Please remind us once again that the Father was pitiful and wretched. We understand that the many twists and turns in the Father’s journey and the humble circumstances of the Father are due to the sins of our ancestors. The time has come for us to step over the sorrow of Golgotha caused by the mistakes of Adam and Eve. We must feel our way through the path of darkness even now to greet the dawn of tomorrow. Knowing that we can only welcome a new dawn by passing through this path of darkness, the soldiers of unification have fought on while feeling their way through the dawn that others despise. When we shed tears on this journey, we hope to be like you who shed tears, and even when we sweat and hunger, we have struggled to establish a day when we can comfort the path of your labor. Please allow us to be those who remember the many sorrows of the past and become those who worry about God with tears, longing for the hopeful image of the Father who smiles as He finds the good of tomorrow, forgetting our own humble and pitiful state, and striving to fulfill the duty of a filial child. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this. Following the path you walked, we have found it to be the way of the cross. However, as we struggle to follow this path with the heart of a pioneer, we have come to know that it is not a path of ruin. While humans mocked, you encouraged us. Countless people and many humans opposed, but you stood before us and comforted us. We know that you have repeatedly advised us, saying, “I am here, and the countless saints in the spirit world support your path.” When I was in such a position, you comforted me, and those who follow me in loneliness are also lonely, so I earnestly hope and desire that your love may be with them. Are there daughters who embrace your earnest circumstances and sorrowful heart, resolving to take responsibility? Please encourage them. Are there sons like that? Please hold them close. May we become true sons and daughters who can achieve the glory of victory in the final battleground you left behind, raising the song of triumph before the Father and showing a proud image that praises the glory of the Father. Father, we earnestly hope and desire this. Father! Please have compassion for the future of the Korean people. There is only one path this nation must take. In terms of politics, economy, and culture, this nation has nothing to contribute to the world. We know that there is nothing to contribute except in the emotional aspect. We understand that the soldiers of unification, who are following the principles of heaven, must make significant contributions before this nation and fulfill a historical mission for the world. Therefore, please allow us to realize that we are bodies that cannot die even if we want to, and let us recognize that we are soldiers burdened with responsibilities and missions that we cannot avoid. Thus, we earnestly hope and desire to seize the victory of tomorrow and not to tire in today’s struggle. No matter what anyone says, no matter who opposes, no matter who plots against us, let us follow you and not become those who turn away, saying they do not know you, like the many who betrayed you on the summit of Golgotha. We must cross the steep path of the cross, so even if a global Golgotha comes before us, let us form a new line and head straight toward this path, overcoming that peak and being able to raise the song of victory. How much have you longed for families and brothers who can make you rejoice? How much have you longed for that tribe, that nation, and that country? If that is to be, then all the summits of Golgotha must become flat, and the forces of Satan must fall, and heaven must wield the whip of will. We know this, and we earnestly hope that we may be your children who can obey the remaining seven years of this journey. We have a sorrow left for not being able to love the Father, and we must resolve that sorrow. We have a sorrow left for not fulfilling the duty of filial piety before the Father, and we must resolve that sorrow. We have a sorrow left for not fulfilling the duty of loyalty before the Father, and we must resolve that sorrow. To do this, we must fulfill the duty of filial piety and the duty of loyalty on the path of struggle. A peaceful kingdom where we can serve the Father while fulfilling the duty of filial piety and the duty of loyalty must be realized quickly. For that day, we must boast of today and prepare for tomorrow, and we earnestly ask that we not tire on the path of joy and not become those who betray heaven. In 1965, a year full of sorrow, a year that has passed through historical twists and turns. In the remaining week until the new year, may we prepare with a new self-image and become soldiers of unification and members of the Unification Church who can sincerely pray before the Father for this nation that is in deep slumber, fulfilling the mission of the substitute. Please do not let us enter the place that heaven curses. May the tears we shed become the source of life for all people and become the motivation for all beings to follow that path of tears. May our path leave a connection for the many people to bow down before God, fulfilling the duty of loyalty and giving thanks. May our path of adversity become such a path, and may our sad lives become such lives, Father, we earnestly hope and desire this. In the remaining days of this year, Father, please bless this nation and bless all humanity. Please resolve the sorrow of countless spirits in the spirit world who are waiting for the day of the Second Coming, and may the sorrows of the Father and Jesus be resolved, and may the kingdom of peace be established on this earth, and may the world where the Father can rule be realized quickly. We earnestly hope and desire this. May the glory and victory of ten thousand years be filled on this earth, and may the day come quickly when we can rejoice with the Father and give glory to the Father. We earnestly and sincerely ask for this, and I pray all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen. *
4) The history of humanity is the history of restoration providence.  
We know that the history of fallen humanity is the history of humans walking the path of restoration to return to their original position. Because of Adam's fall, God intended to carry out the restoration providence centered on the family of Adam through Cain and Abel. However, Cain killed Abel, and thus that intention was not fulfilled. Consequently, it extended through Noah, Abraham, Moses, and John the Baptist until the time of Jesus. The history of humanity, which has been extended due to disbelief and mistakes, meant that Jesus had to indemnify all historical failures. He had to set conditions to indemnify and restore the entire history, that is, the vertical historical path horizontally. It was Jesus' responsibility and mission to indemnify and restore from the individual and family level through the nation of Israel to the world. By the completion of Jesus alone, what was to be accomplished in the family of Adam would be fulfilled, everything that was to be accomplished in the families of Noah and Abraham would be fulfilled, the mission of Moses who led the nation of Israel would be completed, and even the mission of John the Baptist, who was to conclude the Old Testament history, would be fulfilled. This was the mission of Jesus. Therefore, the victory of Jesus alone brings the victory of all of Israel and the victory of the entire restoration history. This is what allows us to embark on the global path of returning to Canaan. However, due to the disbelief of the Jewish people, Jesus was unable to complete the overall mission of indemnification and restoration, and thus that intention was extended again, leading to the passage of 2,000 years of history until now. So what was Jesus' desire? Jesus' desire was to fulfill God's will on earth without bearing the cross. In other words, it was to redeem all of humanity and return them to Eden. We understand that what Christians have been doing until today, going through the path of suffering, has been to spiritually indemnify and restore everything that was mistakenly done in the historical process. Today, centered on the Unification Church, we must indemnify the path of restoration that God has been guiding for 6,000 years. We must indemnify and restore personal issues, family issues, moral issues, and national issues. We must indemnify and restore the overall issues that Jesus was to accomplish centered on the nation. God's providence is currently moving centered on Korea. Until liberation, God sent many figures with prophetic missions to prepare. There is an aspect of providence centered on women, as well as an aspect centered on men. To establish the will of providence, God has raised up chosen individuals who are unknown to our nation and to believers, and has worked both internally and externally. Therefore, this nation and this people had to start with new developmental content after liberation. And to convey this will, the Unification Church was established. Originally, walking the path of suffering is not God's will. We walk the path of suffering to establish the standard of indemnification and restoration. To walk this path, we must recreate the positions of Cain and Abel. Centered on Korea, the Unification Church is in the position of Abel, and the Korean people are in the position of Cain. Therefore, the Unification Church and the Korean people must indemnify and restore the fact that Cain and Abel could not become one. In the family of Adam, Cain killed Abel, thus obstructing God's will. To indemnify and restore this, Cain must submit to Abel. Thus, a true parental relationship that can establish heavenly principles can be realized on this earth. This standard must be established doctrinally, and we must indemnify and restore this standard throughout Korea, both internally and externally. The Unification Church, which must indemnify and restore 6,000 years of history, has been prepared by God in both the spiritual and truth fields, which is why many spiritual events occurred in Korea before and after liberation. There were groups that came out with the truth, laws, and ideologies of the Old Testament era, as well as spiritual groups that emerged centered on the love of Jesus in the New Testament era. Furthermore, there were groups that came out with new ideologies that must be realized in the future and are engaged in spiritual history. Looking at the entire historical process of God, we can see that God has been carrying out the providence of the Old Testament, New Testament, and Completed Testament, focusing on the ideologies of Edenic welfare of the Old Testament era, the Edenic welfare of the New Testament era, and the Edenic welfare of the future Completed Testament era, establishing special individuals on this Korean land who can face the will of providence of each era and unfold this spiritual history. Those who were engaged in spiritual history in these three fields all received revelations from God that a new history would unfold on this land, starting from the point of liberation. They were to unite around such revelations and unite around Christianity. When viewed through the lens of Christianity, there are both Cain and Abel within Christianity. There must be both Cain and Abel. God has connected His providence through special individuals like Pastor Baek Nam-joo and Pastor Lee Yong-do centered on Wonsan in the east, and has carried out providence centered on the Seongju Church and the Heo Ho-bin group in the west. This has unfolded over three generations. The first and second generations were the age of preparation. During this time, they were bound to face persecution. They received criticism from society and were also criticized within the church. Why is that? In the history of restoration, good and evil are distinguished based on the second number, so the second one is always correct. This means that they will inevitably face social criticism and opposition from denominations. If at that time they had been welcomed across denominations and socially, the providential will would have advanced rapidly, establishing a nationwide foundation for providence and solidifying a new historical foundation. However, the people of that time did not understand how God's will was moving, that is, they did not know that God was systematically managing the nation by dividing it, and they could not understand God's providence by only looking at the facts that appeared before their eyes. Nevertheless, when those who bore responsibility could not fulfill their responsibilities, God would always raise successors to pioneer new fields. Initially, various groups and organizations would come out to fulfill this mission, but as time passed, a spiritual history would unfold toward a single conclusion. Therefore, immediately after liberation, a massive revival centered around pastors and elders occurred. Pastors Lee Seong-bong and Park Jae-bong played special roles, but when they did not move in the direction desired by God, factions began to split. After that, the era of pastors passed, and the era of elders emerged. Thus, elders like Park Elder and Na Elder came forth. However, since they also did not move in the direction that God wanted to lead, the era of deacons and the era of believers emerged. Therefore, those who carry a special mission and deal with a special providence fell into a position where they could not attend church. Today, we are facing such a historical environment. In this way, God has continued to unfold internal history. Our church has also taken on a certain responsibility in this area and has been developing while facing opposition until now. When the Teacher started this path, it was not his intention to attach the label of the Unification Church. He should have started this path by establishing a new national sovereignty based on existing organizations and reaching agreements with the leaders of the world.
58   The history of humankind is a history of restoration. Cain and Abel must meet at the summit for a time when a representative person carrying a significant mission in the internal standard and a representative person carrying a significant mission in the external standard can come together. In other words, at the peak of the 6,000 years of history up to now, Cain and Abel will inevitably meet. Therefore, they must restore through indemnity at the summit where Cain and Abel meet. When Cain establishes a standard of compliance before Abel, Cain and Abel can unite and cross the hill of indemnity. If Cain and Abel cross this hill normally, they will move toward each other's positions. This is how it should be done, but because Cain and Abel could not establish this standard, only Abel was able to cross. Originally, when the teacher started on this path, it was God's will for him to go out holding hands with this doctor. From a providential perspective, it could have happened, but it went awry due to the mistakes of the established church at that time. Because such events occurred, this path could not be ascended as it was. They fell to a lower standard because they lost the high standard. When descending, it is necessary to go down to the very lowest position. Therefore, immediately, the teacher went to the North. He had to go to the North and could not go back up. When Jesus was chased by King Herod, the Israelite nation and Judaism should have united to oppose King Herod's will. However, since they could not establish the heavenly mission they should have set before God, just like Jesus went to Egypt, the teacher also had to walk such a path. That is why he went to the North. He was faced with a destiny that required him to seek out the global enemy, the Communist Party. Thus, the teacher prepared himself for the lowest prison life and departed for the North. From the perspective of God's restoration providence, at that time, it seemed that hope was sprouting externally for this nation, but internally, despair began to sprout. From that time, the teacher went through the lowest peaks, trials, and pains. I had to go the path of suffering because I could not lay the foundation for victory in the first course and had to go to the second course. The second course refers to the path of indemnity that Jesus Christ walked on this earth toward the cross. That is why it was necessary to even enter into prison. When the teacher walked the path of Jesus, when Jesus went to the path of death, the Israelite nation betrayed him, and even the three beloved disciples betrayed him. Therefore, according to the principle of indemnity and restoration, when the teacher was in prison, he had to restore and indemnify the same number as the twelve disciples that Jesus had lost. Because he was in such a position, even when the teacher did not open his mouth in prison, the spirits of the spiritual world within the realm of the second Israel evangelized to fill that number. This was a historical connection that was passed through. Even in the prison life under the strict surveillance and scrutiny of the Communist Party, God took responsibility for the emotional unity movement that others did not know about. There, it was impossible to openly evangelize. However, even if the teacher kept his mouth shut, the spiritual world evangelized. The ancestors of the prisoners appeared and taught them which room and which number in the cell to go to, saying, "You must follow that person." This was the providential intention that they had to spiritually unite and restore the same number as Jesus' twelve disciples. After going through such a process, when the Korean War broke out, the teacher came down to the South again when the UN forces advanced northward. In this way, the teacher established the standard of the second liberation day and came down to the South. After that, he walked up this path again from the lowest position. He has come up to this point through suffering and adversity. Since this is the start of the second course, there must be another struggle. However, in the second course, it is done without anyone knowing. When Jesus came to this earth, he inherited the foundation of providence in obscurity, starting from the family of Joseph, the central family of the Jewish nation, and thus intended to spread his will to all upper classes. However, when that will was not fulfilled, he started from the opposing position. Similarly, today, the path of the Unification Church must walk the miserable course of indemnity and restoration like in the time of Jesus, starting from the very bottom. Therefore, in South Korea, all denominations opposed, and the entire nation did not welcome it, while the Unification Church members have been working their way up from the very bottom. The period leading up to 1960 corresponds to the 14-year period in Jacob's course, so during this period, the heavenly plan must be determined. It was necessary to accomplish the work in a fiercely opposing environment where the entire nation and the entire church world were against it. Indemnity conditions are not established in a comfortable position. Since they were in a position to establish a standard, remove evil from heaven and earth, and establish goodness, the 1960s were the period of the greatest trials for the Unification Church and the time of the greatest turmoil. Thus, just as Jacob established a familial foundation after the 14-year period, a similar standard was established. The significance of what we accomplished during the seven-year course Our Unification Church has been developing since 1960 by establishing a seven-year course. The path you are taking is the path of indemnity and restoration, so this nation and many altars opposed it. To indemnify this, the members of the Unification Church had to become offerings and walk the historical path of sorrow. That is why the teacher pushed you into a miserable path. What must we accomplish during the three-year course? We must establish the heavenly standard that Jesus intended to set when he came to this earth according to the principle of indemnity and restoration. We have the mission to determine the internal national mission that Jesus intended to establish and to establish the heavenly standard that he intended to set externally. 
61 Therefore, during this three-year course, we must establish the connection of the children whom God seeks. To do this, it was necessary to organize 36 families centered on the positions of Noah's three sons. The 36 families must establish the overall foundation of providence centered on the twelve sons, going from Adam to Noah, from Noah to Abraham, and from Abraham to Jacob. This is not about fulfilling the history of the past. It is to indemnify and restore all the mistakes made by our ancestors in reality at once. The struggle to do this is taking place centered on the 36 families. The people of the world will not understand the blessing. Those who are to be blessed should not consult with worldly parents or related people. What God intends cannot be made known or discussed with anyone in the satanic world. Therefore, after you determined the path you would take as God's privilege, invitations were sent out. So, the people of the world are cursing and making a fuss. That is why when we held the first, second, and third wedding ceremonies, a battle broke out outside. In the end, all doors were locked, and a watchman was set to hold the wedding ceremony. The teacher did not do this out of ignorance of worldly affairs. God's situation is harsher than human affairs, and God's will is greater than human will, so he took responsibility for this work. Because God had to indemnify the historical sorrow of losing his children, he was in a position where he had to indemnify and restore the vertical history horizontally in reality and find back the origins of the ancestors and the standards they intended to establish, which is why he blessed the 36 families. Through the 36 families, the families of Adam, Noah, and Jacob are finally connected and restored on the earth. Because of this, until now, the providential connection that could not be made through the past, present, and future can now be made through the earth. You may find it difficult to understand what this means. If you do not know the principle, you will not understand anything. You are doing such things in the Unification Church, which you may not fully comprehend. For 6,000 years since Adam, the Unification Church today is carrying out a world-historical movement representing the Korean nation on this three-thousand-li peninsula, which people do not know. However, God is doing this work. The spirits in the spiritual world and the humans living on the earth are all descendants of Adam. However, since our ancestors could not unite and heaven and earth could not unite with the ancestors, the spiritual world moves in its own way, and the earthly world moves in its own way. Therefore, for believers to connect with the spiritual world, they must cast off all evil on the earth and rise to the standard where the life standard can connect with the spiritual world with all discernment. Otherwise, they cannot meet with the spiritual world. This has been the hardship of those who have practiced faith until now. Blessed families are the foundation that can connect the earthly and spiritual worlds. Now, believers have the mission to connect the divided spiritual world and the earth. Without creating a natural environment for the spiritual world to come down to the earth, the fortune of unification cannot be raised on this earth. So, what is the reason that believers have not been able to engage in such activities on the earth until now? It is because the ancestors made mistakes and are trapped within the realm where Satan can accuse them. Therefore, it is necessary to break this authority of Satan and establish a standard of victory to prepare a foundation that can connect the earth and the spiritual world. That is why the teacher blessed the 36 families to complete this mission. Otherwise, there will be no victory. The 36 families are in the position of the ancestors of humanity. They symbolize the ancestors of humanity from the family of Adam to the family of Jacob. Therefore, the 36 families must indemnify and restore the mistakes of many ancestors. Then what is the wish of the ancestors? The wish of the ancestors is that you not only complete the individual but also become the victorious reality that can unite the spiritual and physical worlds. So, what does it mean for the spiritual and physical worlds to unite? The heavenly spiritual world symbolizes the male, while the earthly physical world symbolizes the female. Therefore, the separation of the spiritual and physical worlds means the separation of heaven and earth. If that happens, the fortunes of heaven and earth cannot be united. The ancestors of the past tried to bind relative connections together to establish a heavenly standard that could integrate the spiritual and physical worlds. Therefore, when receiving this history from the ancestors, the person receiving it can immediately understand it. Cain and Abel must restore what Adam and Eve lost, but they could not restore it because they fought each other. Therefore, we must restore not only Cain and Abel but also the couples of Cain and Abel. There was a providential intention to organize the families of the two sons before the ancestors, which is why 72 families, double the number of 36, were established. In the vertical historical course, what could not be achieved from the family of Adam must be completed by the families of Cain and Abel, but they could not complete it. In other words, they could not establish the conditions for indemnity. However, by blessing the 72 families, which are the families of Cain and Abel, the extended vertical providence was able to establish a standard of victory from a flat, singular point. After the first marriage ceremony of three families (April 16, 1960), the Liberal Party regime collapsed. Such an event occurred within a week after the blessing. And after the second marriage ceremony of 33 families (May 15, 1961), the Democratic Party regime collapsed. These are not miraculous events. It was inevitable because they opposed God's will. Thus, we have come through the era of three regimes. By establishing the 36 and 72 families, the ideological foundation of the vertical Cain and Abel has been established on the earth. Next, we must restore the families in a flat manner. Those families are all forms aimed at restoring the family of Adam. The number 120, which is ten times the twelve of Jesus' twelve disciples, can represent the flat world. Therefore, to match this number of 120 gates, 120 pairs were blessed. Originally, it was 120, but adding four pairs, which is the four-direction number, 124 pairs were blessed. The 120 families, which replaced Jesus' 120 disciples, are the global forms. Those people 
64   themselves have the authority to govern and dominate the world, not because they have the power to rule the world, but because they have become the foundation to establish global conditions for indemnity. Thus, by establishing the 120 families, God has set the standard by which He can come to the world. Therefore, when the number of UN member countries exceeds 120, it can be said that it is the end times. The reason you were involved in the seven-year course from 1960 The establishment of the 120 families means that a heavenly connection has been determined that can influence the fortunes of over 100 countries. Now, no one can block the path of the Unification Church. No matter how much the world clamors and brandishes weapons, there is no way to block the path of the Unification Church. When the Unification Church was registered with the government, a great struggle broke out. That was in 1963. The teacher thought that such a day would come, and he believed that he had to establish a heavenly standard in preparation for it. That is why he was preparing for foreign missions. This was to prepare for the time when Abel would be redeemed and Cain would be established to restore and indemnify. In the past, Cain killed Abel, but now, centered on foreign countries, it is possible to form a Cain-like altar that can uphold the Abel altar and save the Abel altar. To create such a global connection, he sent missionaries abroad, even while being chased and oppressed. He sent three people to the United States and one person to Japan. We grew up under the opposing Liberal Party. The Liberal Party thought the Unification Church would disappear, but they did not expect it to develop like this. There was a bloody history and content that you cannot imagine to reach this point of growth. During such times, there must be national oppression, so internal preparations had to be made in anticipation of it. Feeling this responsibility, he sent missionaries to the United States and Japan and even to Germany. Therefore, when the registration of our church became an issue, the Unification Church had already...
65 There are 65 registered churches, and we aimed to have them registered in Japan and even in Germany. If that happens, the Unification Church will be welcomed in the United States, a leading country in world democracy, but if there is opposition and registration issues in Korea, it would be a national disgrace. The government cannot help but be embarrassed, and they will realize that we are not to be taken lightly. Because of this heavenly connection, we mobilized over 5,500 of you to go to the local areas for enlightenment. It is truly commendable that you received hundreds of commendations from governors, county heads, or village chiefs while you were in the local areas. Because you endured painful struggles and hardships, the local people have reached a stage where they can defend our Unification Church. So why did I involve you starting from the year '60 and not earlier? You need to understand this. The history of restoration goes through three stages: resurrection, growth, and completion. Since we must go through three stages centered on the number seven, we must pass through the number 21 (3×7) to lay the foundation. However, the periods of resurrection and growth were times when Satan invaded due to the fall. Because the parents fell, there is a mission that the parents must bear during the periods of resurrection and growth. The children cannot participate in the trials and standards of suffering that the parents must establish. The children must walk the path of restoration during the seven-year period, which corresponds to the completion stage of the three stages. This period is one where they can walk the path of restoration based on a standard that has not been invaded by Satan. The efforts you put in during this seven-year period will not be the contents of indemnity but will remain as your achievements. The Korean political parties, the Korean Church Freedom Party, the Democratic Party, and the Republican Party, which are at a national level in the providence, are in the position of fallen Adam, Eve, and the archangel. Principally speaking, the Freedom Party is like Adam, and the Democratic Party is like Eve. Therefore, it makes sense that Mrs. Park Soon-cheon was elected as the leader of the Democratic Party.

66 The history of humankind is a history of restoration providence. The Republican Party represents the position of the angelic world. Of course, they are in opposition, but they have entered a stage where they can support and cooperate with the Unification Church. We have entered an era where we can establish a connection for restoration. Just as Jacob and Esau met, there will come a time when the Unification Church and the Korean government must meet beyond national standards. We will soon transition to such a stage. When the first and second stages of the restoration providence can be tied up, we must embark on the path of the third stage. That is, we must start for a global stage and for the worldwide return to Canaan. Therefore, we must begin the journey centered on the number 40. Just as Moses sent spies for 40 days to restore the land of Canaan, today, the teacher must also go on a global reconnaissance mission. There is a providential need to connect these 40 countries, which is why I embarked on a world tour starting January 28 of this year. Originally, I intended to go before the year '60, during the time of the Freedom Party. From a providential perspective, our country has reached the second national standard. At this second standard, we must make a judgment. Whether we can overcome the fate of this nation or not depends on us. Here, we must choose the path of victory, that is, the new path that this nation must take. This path is the path of bloody struggle over the seven-year course. We must understand that if we walk this path, the time will come when we will meet this nation. Furthermore, from a providential perspective, for this country to develop anew, it must inevitably meet with the Unification Church. For this, the youth, university students, or military and civil servant classes must connect with us. Only when these classes can establish a connection with us can we promote the heavenly will on a global scale. You must understand that what is happening in Gangwon Province today is not an ordinary matter. The assassination of Colonel Kim's family can be seen as God's providence. The fact that North Korea has strengthened its operations against the South and has come out with strong actions is God's internal providence to establish the future heavenly fortune. Of course, it has been influenced by the world of Satan, but it is preparing the foundation to establish a heavenly standard. Due to the assassination of Colonel Kim's family, both the ruling and opposition parties designated Gangwon Province as an anti-communist model area and stated that anti-communist struggles must be strengthened. Gangwon Province must become a model area, and this must gradually spread to other provinces. In this way, we must strengthen anti-communism and organize anti-communist organizations for all men aged 19 to 55, and even the denominations must strengthen their anti-communist struggles. In such a situation, the government has no ideological alternatives for the anti-communist struggle. Therefore, the Public Security Bureau and the Intelligence Department were in a panic. Plans have been laid out, but there is no content to spiritually arm ourselves. We already knew that. Thus, we thought that without the ideology of the Unification Church, we could not proceed, and we are sweeping through all of Gangwon Province by widely proclaiming our anti-communist ideology through the governor, county head, and village chief. 

67 If we can ignite a fire by further researching and organizing, the anti-communist alliance will naturally be influenced by us. After that, we must connect with the Asian anti-communist alliance. This is the path we must take in the future. So, where does the cause of our victory movement starting from Gangwon Province lie? Just as when a line of people turns around, the one who was at the back becomes the first, Gangwon Province is the most pitiful province in our country, but from a providential perspective, it is the closest province. Furthermore, there is a military presence in Gangwon Province. What we desire is to arm 600,000 troops with the ideology of the Unification Church in the future. Thus, we will push ideologically even into North Korea. North Korea is the biggest problem. With 600,000 troops, there is nothing to fear in the East. 

68 The history of humankind is a history of restoration providence. If Korea had accepted the ideology of the Unification Church about 20 years ago, right after liberation, the teacher would now be above Presidents Eisenhower or Johnson. However, because that did not happen, the responsibility to govern the world remains within the heavenly providence. It is frustrating that we are only engaging in painful struggles on Korean soil for this mission. What will the future world be like? We will inevitably walk the path of restoration. Because it will happen as the teacher said, Unification Church members fear the teacher's words. The teacher has led you until today centered on God's will. In any case, in the future, this nation will stand at the forefront of the world and influence historical movements globally. You must understand that the current environment is becoming such an era. What is the issue that the Republic of Korea must solve from now on? The presidential election and the National Assembly election being held by the Republican Party are certainly issues, but they are not the most important issues. There are more important issues than those. At this UN General Assembly, the Korean issue has been adopted as an agenda, and the issue of general elections in the North and South under UN military supervision is being discussed. Until now, the North Korean puppet government has rejected this. However, when they become convinced that they can surely achieve all their goals and plans by strengthening underground organizations in the South, they will undoubtedly come out saying, "Let's hold elections." So how should we prepare for this? This is a concern. What the Unification Church is worried about is how to prepare for this. Therefore, more urgent than the next presidential election is to develop a national movement to prepare for the general elections in the North and South. To prepare for this, we organized revival teams three times last year. We aim to spiritually arm at least 120 counties and over 360 towns, and also to promote a social movement to train and equip them, as per the teacher's plan. By turning over the existing concepts in this way, the time will come for us to enter the United States and engage in activities.

69 We Unification Church members must thoroughly criticize the materialistic view of history of communism. Thus, when the issue of the general elections in the North and South arises, we must bring victory by suppressing North Korea without mercy, centered on the unification ideology. If that happens, the foundation to restore the world will be established. Therefore, time is of the essence. We must understand that presenting and solving national issues is the responsibility and mission that Unification Church members must carry. When the teacher returned from Japan, there was something that made him feel great. Currently, communism has become a major focal point of problems in Japan and Asia. Ideological communism originated from the Soviet Union, but action-oriented communism is centered around workers and farmers. It is moving very systematically. For politicians who aim to dominate all aspects of Japan in the future, how to fight against communists will be a significant issue. Japan must now create a time to rearm ideologically. The time has come when we must rearm ideologically. Therefore, the Unification Church has entered an era of remarkable development. We must make them recognize the global situation and Japan's position. To do this, we are currently engaging in active work. This time, the teacher returned from a world tour with missionary Choi Bong-chun. Missionary Choi Bong-chun wanted to stay in Japan, but the teacher advised against it. No matter how much he wanted to stay in Japan, it was not possible due to passport issues. The teacher knows that the Japanese government is always watching the movements of the Unification Church. The teacher also knows that a ruler suited to the fate of the East will emerge in the East in the future. What is happening in Japan now? Our Unification Church's Principle Study Groups are registered in 56 universities in Japan, and scholars are studying the principles behind it. 

70 The history of humankind is a history of restoration providence. Students participating in the communist student groups are fighting against the Unification Church's Principle Study Groups. In this struggle, some communist students from certain universities have completely switched to the Unification Church. One of the underground organizations that the Communist Party had set up to strengthen their activities has completely switched to the Unification Church. This has become a problem, and the communists have been making a fuss, saying they are going to investigate the Unification Church and rebel against it. Thus, it has become an issue in all university towns, from Tokyo University to Kyoto University and Tohoku University. Every time the Principle Study Group holds a conference, they are accused of being frontmen for the Communist Party, and it has caused a stir. The Japanese Unification Church must take on the issues facing Japan. The Japanese Unification Church must fight against the Communist Party. Even if it means dying in the fight, we must fight. We must completely bring down the Communist Party through the teachings of the Unification Church's principles. If such events occur, won't they be reported in the newspapers? It will become known to the world. The Japanese police authorities, upon investigating the Unification Church, realized that it originated from Korea and is opposed by the Korean government, and they were moved by this. What made the teacher feel good? It is that about 500 smart young students from universities that accept the Unification Church, which came from Korea, are coming in and engaging in activities. The Soka Gakkai, which the Japanese people believe in, is creating a decadent national character centered around a temporary religious view. This is a significant problem. This is real superstition. Religion exists to perfect character. However, they claim that if you believe in it, you will eat well and live well. This is the goal. Asking for good food, good living, and healing from illness is not religion; it is superstition. This is the problem. With 13 million people swept into the Soka Gakkai, it is a serious matter. The first problem facing Japan is communism, the second problem is the Soka Gakkai, and the third problem is the youth. The ethical issues of youth, which will determine the fate of the entire nation in the future, are desperate in Japan regarding social ethics. Therefore, it cannot be a non-issue in national policy. The Japanese people have recognized religion as unrealistic until now. In this situation, with the emergence of the Soka Gakkai being questioned in the government and the National Assembly, the entire Japanese populace has become interested. Thus, Japan has entered a stage where they realize the great power of religion and are beginning to take an interest in it. Now is a very good opportunity for evangelism. Therefore, I told the president of the Kyubo Association in Japan to meet with the central figures of the Soka Gakkai and the Rissho Kosei-kai, as well as the central figures of media organizations, to convey our intentions and to fight and win against them. Today, religion is becoming a social issue and a national policy issue in Japan. As religion is becoming a significant issue in society as a whole, as a religious leader, I cannot stand by, so we are fighting to resolve this. If we fight, who will ultimately win? 

The teacher has been building a providential foundation while facing opposition. On December 31, 1964, and January 1, 1965, the teacher established seven holy sites. With these standards, we began to restore individuals, families, and tribes at a national level. We must establish personal victory foundations that God can take, family victory foundations, and tribal victory foundations. Here, the tribe refers to the blessed families of the Unification Church, and the nation refers to the unified nation formed by such tribes. In the future, we must organize a unified nation. Therefore, we must indemnify and establish the heavenly positions and centers that Cain and Abel must establish in Korea. We must understand that marching toward this mission field is the mission we must fulfill during the seven-year course. Now, we must establish tribal standards, national standards, and enter a global era.
72   The history of humanity is a history of restoration. The time has come to move forward. We are no longer in an era where the ideology of one nation is confined to that nation; we are in an era where it becomes a global issue. Therefore, we must understand how significant the heavenly meaning of the Unification Church is today. Until now, we have been building a providential foundation by bridging the fallen world. When we look at the 7-year course, the Unification Church must march toward a global Canaan, that is, a global Israel, as soon as this 7-year course ends. To prepare for this, the teacher established mission departments of the Unification Church in 14 countries during his tour of 40 nations. We will connect this well with our dance troupe and align both internally and externally. Our dance troupe did exceptionally well in this overseas performance. God blesses us, God blesses us, our dance troupe is victorious. People with bright blue eyes will flock there. This will happen because God, who is behind us, will make it so. We must go out to fulfill God's will. The situation is serious. When an evil person strikes a good person, who should bear the responsibility? The evil person must bear it. If he gets hurt, he will claim damages. The Unification Church has endured countless attacks until now. Although the Unification Church has not claimed damages, the heavenly law will make this nation and numerous opponents pay damages. If there has been a million opposition, it is not just a million in damages; they must pay tens of millions in compensation. Conversely, if the Unification Church has not fulfilled its historical mission, it must compensate in proportion to how much it has failed. You must understand that receiving insults can turn into blessings. No matter how evil a person strikes a good person, the time will come when good will dominate evil and destroy it. This is the principle of heavenly law. Evil ends in sorrow after striking good. Instead, they must return the blessings they possess as a price for their actions. Thirty million people are striving to drive out Teacher Moon of the Unification Church. The Liberal Party, the Democratic Party, and even the revolutionary government are making efforts. However, we must understand that if the Unification Church walks the path of suffering, a tragic path will be laid before this nation and people. The teacher has been thinking a lot about Joseph these days. Joseph was sold to the Egyptians and became a pitiful figure, right? But God blessed him and made him the prime minister of Egypt, right? Later, during a famine, his brothers came to him, repenting a hundredfold and shedding tears, but at that time, Joseph did not consider his brothers, who sold him, as enemies. Instead of seeking revenge, he welcomed them as a brother. Thinking of this Joseph, the teacher always has a heart of gratitude before God. The pastors and church members of established churches oppose us out of ignorance. There will come a time when Unification Church members can seek revenge. However, we must abandon the thought of cutting off their necks for revenge and endure. Do you understand what I mean? You must understand that being insulted is not necessarily a bad thing. The fact that you have been unjustly beaten and oppressed will become a blessing in the future. Therefore, from now on, the fortune of the Unification Church will spread from the nation to the world. If this nation and people do not accept it, the world will. I am confident that the day will come when all people of the world will welcome us with both hands raised, resonating in the hearts of thirty million people. To meet such a day, we have chosen a holy ground in Korea to establish a foundation for victory. The decision of the holy ground is made according to the principle of restoration and return, and also according to God's laws of creation. The history of restoration is a history to find people. So how is God's law of creation established? After creating all things, God created Adam and Eve. He made Adam and Eve connect all things to God. This is the law of creation. If humans had completed their individuality and achieved heartistic unity with God, loving all things based on that standard, there would have been no fall. However, because Adam and Eve could not establish such a standard and fell, the history of restoration until now has been about restoring what fell and returning to the position opposite to God's will. Therefore, God has worked to find people before all things until now. The history until now has been a history to find people. In this way, God has been working to find individuals, families, tribes, and nations. However, that nation is not an Abel-type nation but a Cain-type nation. God sends the Messiah as a center to create such a nation and to represent true individuals, true families, true tribes, true nations, true states, and true global ideals. Thus, the Messiah will come to reclaim the blessings of God that were taken away by Satan. To inherit the blessings that God bestows upon this world, it must be based on the principle of restoration and return. Since Satan took away the blessings that God bestowed, to inherit those blessings, one must go through Abel, who is closer to God's side. This is the principle of heavenly law. Therefore, just as God established the Israelite nation and Judaism, He established Christianity, the second Israel, to inherit before the Messiah, thereby restoring the external standard to the internal standard through restoration. Additionally, He intends to change the positions of the elder brother and the younger brother, giving the younger brother all the authority of heaven and earth. This is how restoration providence works. Therefore, we have the responsibility to complete such a mission centered on God. The significance of choosing a holy ground. What does the Unification Church aim to do today? It is precisely what Jesus intended to do when He came to this earth. So what did Jesus intend to do when He came to this earth? Jesus aimed to establish Judaism centered on the Israelite nation as an Abel-type standard to restore the Cain-type standard of the Israelite nation. Today, the Unification Church stands in the position of Judaism, and the Korean nation has been chosen in the position of the Israelite nation. The standards of individual perfection, family perfection, tribal perfection, and national perfection that Jesus sought when He came to this earth have been expanded by us today. Thus, we have established the holy ground by placing 124 couples throughout Korea. Centered on that holy ground, we have been urged to fulfill our mission while establishing a unified connection. By doing so, having fulfilled our individual missions, we can usher in a victorious era that connects to the overall responsibility of world history. Therefore, the teacher selected four major holy grounds in the Seoul area—East, West, South, North—along with the central holy ground and headquarters, totaling seven holy grounds. By doing this, when the victorious era that can connect with the world arrives, the teacher prepared to take soil and stones from these seven holy grounds on December 31, 1964, and January 1, 1965, to bring them abroad. What are these soil and stones? Because Adam fell, God lost not only Adam but the entire world to Satan. However, now that a victorious foundation has been prepared for God to come, we have entered a time when we can find the land. Therefore, the soil and stones at the holy ground become the foundation where God can dwell. So you must understand that the holy ground has been proclaimed. Then, what kind of connection occurs when God, humans, and the holy ground are united? It establishes the standard that Adam and Eve before the fall have been restored. Choosing a holy ground is about having the land to restore the lost people, land, and all things from the Garden of Eden, and determining the focal point where people can be found to meet God. Furthermore, what happens when the holy ground is determined? Before Adam and Eve fell, was there a spirit world or not? At that time, the spirit world was the angelic world. The angelic world hoped that Adam and Eve would quickly complete themselves and enter the realm of life where they could receive God's love. The angelic world cooperated with Adam and Eve so that they could become God's children and establish a family centered on God, creating a foundation of peace to receive God's love. Therefore, the holy ground is a place set apart like a family blessed by God, where the spirit world can cooperate. Despite this being determined, humans have not been able to bear it. Regardless of the difficulties that follow, we must maintain that position, but you have not fulfilled that responsibility. The families I blessed have not fulfilled their responsibilities before the developing Unification Church. I felt this deeply during this tour. And because I started it, I felt I must take responsibility again. However, the teacher will lead forward as long as there is even one person in the Unification Church who moves according to the heavenly law. When the national fortune aligns with the global fortune, the time will come when we can mobilize the spirit world. This is why the teacher is doing the work of grafting the holy ground chosen in Seoul, the capital of Korea, globally. It is not only domestically but also globally. Why is the holy ground in Korea being grafted globally? It is to make the world into Korean land. According to the principle of restoration and return, if we determine the holy ground in the satanic world, that place becomes Korean land. Why does it become Korean land? Because from a heavenly perspective, once a holy ground is chosen, that place will become Korean land. On this basis of choosing the holy ground, when God sends His beloved sons and daughters, a foundation will be laid to receive God. When that happens, the spirit world must cooperate. While touring countries around the world, I thought we must quickly place Unification Church members after determining the holy ground. Those placed here will be established based on the standard of restored Adam and Eve, compensating for the standards that the spirit world has not been able to touch until now. Then, we will be able to engage in horizontal battles on the ground. Because angels caused the fall, angels must come to this earth and expel Satan. This is the principle of restoration and return. We must mobilize the spirit world to expel Satan from the earth. Until now, I have designated holy grounds in 105 countries. As a result, Korean territory has already been established in these countries. In this light, Korea is wealthy, right? Korea has become the leading nation in the world. Where else is there a nation with territory in 105 countries? The one managing this is Teacher Moon of the Unification Church. This is not a joke. By blessing the holy grounds, the sovereignty of the nation shifts to the side of heaven. The teacher has loved the mountains and rivers of Korea with a heart full of tears more than anyone else. He has also loved the world. That is why, even in America, he completed a tour of 48 states in 40 days. No one has loved America as much as I have during its history. No one has taken 40 days to tour 48 states. How diligent must I have been to do that in 40 days? At times, I drove up to 115 miles per hour. While touring the land of America, I thought I was the owner of America. ‘The land of America is my land. Anyone who opposes can try,’ I thought. With such a mindset, who would say anything? However, it does not end with just wandering around. It cannot end with just wandering. I love America more than anyone else. Why? Because the land of America is God's land before it is American land. It became their land because the ancestors of the American people came and occupied it hundreds of years ago; how wonderful it would have been if I had occupied it! (Laughter) Three things to practice for victory. Would all things in the universe want a master who hates them? What kind of husband do young ladies want? Do you want someone who hates you the most? No, right? You want someone you love the most? “Yes.” Love, love must be good. If we can pass through the density of love that is uprooted, I don’t know the details, but it will be truly wonderful. What kind of master do you want to serve? You would want to serve someone who loves you the most, day and night. There is now one week left until the first day of next year. From now on, I hope you will become individuals who do not fall behind the many nations of the world with special sincerity. By fulfilling all that we must do during the 7-year course, we will set the conditions for the land to become one. What does it mean to set these conditions? It means that the economic standard can be restored to the side of heaven. In other words, it establishes the standard that can restore the economic and material basis. The ability to restore the material standard means that the Unification Church is entering a time when its financial standards can flourish. Would you like to each have a car? Even if I were to buy each member of the Unification Church a car, it would be difficult. The roads would be so congested that there would be nowhere to drive. So it’s better not to give them. (Laughter) If we pull in 3 billion people, they will fall behind me. You must have the conviction that no one can match the Unification Church in establishing heart. With this conviction, you must become those who can ideologically conquer humanity. Ladies, are you confident? Because you have this determination, the ideology of the Unification Church is magnificent. We possess an ideology that would even astonish God. Next, in terms of sincerity and loyalty, we must have the conviction that even if 3 billion people are mobilized, they cannot follow us. In our loyalty to God, no one should be able to surpass us. Next, we must lead in good deeds to the extent that the entire world cannot follow us. We must stand at the forefront so that 3 billion people cannot follow us. If we do just these three things, victory is assured. The question is how long we can sustain it. Whether it lasts for decades or just a few years depends on your effort and endurance. Do you understand?
79 First, "Conquer ideologically." Second, "Be ahead of anyone in sincerity and loyalty." Third, "Lead in good deeds." If you practice these three things, the victories ahead will be as good as decided. The results depend on the strength, duration, and effort you put in. Gaining victory can be shortened from seven years to five years or even to one year, depending on your efforts. From that perspective, you must become warriors who take responsibility for this great mission on the path of world restoration. Will you do that? "We will." Then it seems everything will be fine this evening. Promises must be made for things to happen. Therefore, I set this as a condition for restoration. Even if we have to go hungry, for the sake of humanity, I pray every time I go to the place where our church is located that we must restore the foundation of Abel-like existence. I have chosen holy sites according to a providential plan for this purpose. Choosing holy sites is also about preparing a foundation for economic restoration. Therefore, we must provide Abel-like financial support to each place. That is why, every time I go to each country, I have made deposits in my name. When I go to America, I make deposits in American money; when I go to Japan, in Japanese money; and when I go to Germany, in German money. Being able to deposit in my name is like being granted the privilege to participate in the emotional connection a child has with their parent regarding all things. Joining the path I walk is a historical pride for you. This is an important condition for building an Abel-like altar for material restoration today. That is why I have created savings accounts in each country. I traveled through 40 states in America and returned to Korea, visiting 72 holy sites for the blessing. Originally, it was supposed to take 21 days, but I set the conditions in 16 days and returned on the 21st. Recently, I have been on a rigorous schedule for any task.

80 Human history is a history of restoration providence. During my travels, it snowed when I went to Gwangju, Jeollanam-do. The snow fell heavily, and the wind was so strong that all transportation was blocked. I arrived back from Gwangju via Yeongam at midnight. Transportation was blocked, so how could I go? The police were standing at the roadblocks, preventing passage. However, I thought, "Get out of the way! Do you think I can be stopped by you?" and pushed through to return to Gwangju. In the future, we must gather heavenly donations in my name to create an Abel-like altar and build the foundation necessary for world restoration centered around this. Thinking of such matters, I traveled continuously and returned to the headquarters, so we must start this work from the headquarters. All members of our Unification Church around the world must engage in such movements. Do you think the Korean members will lose to the American members? Korea may not have as much money as America, but money is not the issue. We must gather our sincerity. We must save for humanity, even if it means going without lunch. Many people today are saving. Some save for themselves, some for their families, and some for their companies and countries. However, saving for the sake of world issues centered on the unification ideology, for the public standards of heaven and earth, is something we have never done in history. We must undertake this tremendous task. By establishing such conditions, global conglomerates that can support the Korean economy will become significantly interested in Korea. International fortune will flow into Korea. You must understand that there is a purpose behind choosing holy sites. When the Korean people unite, the world will be restored. Today, there are two mountains left on the path of restoration providence that I must traverse. If we establish this foundation in 120 countries, only one mountain will remain. You must understand that crossing this one mountain will become a heavenly connection. By determining this task, from next year, as the Unification Church moves, it will experience exponential growth. Why? Because next year marks the sixth year of the seven-year course. The number six is the number of the fall of Adam and Eve. It is a number filled with regret because Adam and Eve could not overcome the seventh course and made mistakes. However, because we have established all the heavenly conditions for indemnity restoration on the world stage, if we move in unity today, we can achieve exponential growth in every aspect. This movement, which has started for such development, is the victory movement currently taking place in Gangwon-do. We must create opportunities for this movement to spread nationwide and unite to determine victory and defeat. This timing is next year and the year after, and we must stand at the forefront to save this nation. We must remember that this historical fortune is approaching us. Now, you should have a general understanding of what kind of era the heavenly plan I have been cultivating is entering. When the Korean people, who have been raised before God, fulfill their purpose, the great achievement of world restoration can be accomplished easily. If only the Korean people unite, world restoration is simple. In accordance with this fortune, it is my mission to guide how the Unification Church should develop in the future. You must know this and dedicate all your sincerity to align with it. The trainees who have come from the local areas this time must not lose to foreign youth. When you go to the local areas, you may find that they are just making noise without substance. We cannot do that. When you return from training, you must not act that way. The training here is not brainwashing; it is meant to spark a revolution of the heart and spirit. Let us unite our strength and do something magnificent for the world and for unification. You must understand how great the duties and missions of the Unification Church youth will be in the future. 

82 The environment is unfolding for a historical era in which humanity can return to God. If I were you, I would not sleep. How did we end up being born in such an era? Whether it's due to good or bad fortune, we were born in exciting times. God has created an environment where we can move forward on the world stage and is waiting for us. Many nations of the world are calling us, and countless people are lining up to meet us. You must become leaders who can fulfill the heavenly duty and mission to respond to this waiting. Please understand this and spend this period diligently. The Korean church is also receiving revelations that the Messiah is coming to Korea in this era. A new era is approaching, and I have already told you that a new work of grace is beginning to connect this externally. From now on, history will flow in this direction. As an Abel altar bearing global responsibility, please strive not to lose to the youth of the world. <Prayer> Countless beings who should praise the glory of eternity, the multitudes of people who should embrace the Father and live with His glory, have woven a history of sorrow due to the mistakes of our human ancestors. As I think of how we have crossed the miserable path, shedding tears and blood, I sincerely hope that You will forgive us for not having anything to comfort the many sorrows of the Father. Please have compassion on us, who cannot help but mourn our birth as descendants of the fall. However, let us be children who can be grateful for the heart of the Father who has come to us with an unbreakable connection. Please establish the hearts and bodies of the many children gathered here to be hearts and bodies that can love You, and may we be able to connect to the lineage of the Father's life through the flame of new life, allowing us to host the eternal Father and receive the glory of being children who can monopolize the Father's love before the world of eternal ideals. I thank You for coming to find the Korean people among countless nations, and I thank You for calling us, who are insignificant among countless peoples, first. Please allow us to feel that we have been called to this place as the fruits of the connections You have made, even when we did not know it, and let us realize that the responsibilities we bear do not rest solely on our individual selves. Let us be mindful that the mission that must reach beyond our nation to humanity and the world rests on the shoulders of each of us, and let us become beloved sons and daughters who can step forward before the Father and pledge to fulfill our responsibilities. I earnestly wish for this, Father. On this Sunday, I thank You for calling us in the grace of Your compassion in the morning and afternoon, and I thank You for granting us the grace to understand the inner workings of the Father that we did not know. I also sincerely thank You for granting us the grace to bow our hearts and bodies and call You Father with tearful hearts. We have nothing to boast of, and we have nothing to show to the world, but we thank You for allowing us to stand on the holy foundation You have left behind, to call You Father, to regard You as our Father, and to have a living foundation to treat You as our Parent. We are grateful to know a value that cannot be exchanged for thousands or millions of dollars, nor for any value or authority in the world. We are truly thankful to be placed in a position where we can feel that this blessing is not due to us, but to serve as a channel of blessing to share this blessing with the multitudes and humanity. O Heaven, grant us strength and power. Cast a new flame into their hearts, and make this year one where we can bestow the heavenly blessings on this thirty million nation, and allow us to welcome another year. Today is the last holy day of this year. Please forgive all the shortcomings of this year, where we could not connect and be loyal, and where we could not worship You sincerely. I thank You for granting us this time to pledge our loyalty before You on this hopeful day.

84 Human history is a history of restoration providence. We must become Your children who can struggle with what we can do to be loyal to Your will, so please allow us to be devoted children who can lament that we have not been able to reach the will as You have done. Looking up to Heaven and all things, may we be children who can run to the battlefield to fulfill the desires You wish for. We must understand the historical sorrow of the Father and recognize how anxious and sorrowful His footsteps are as He comes to this world. When we think that our bodies must be the stepping stones for the Father and the materials that pave the smooth path, we realize that, even if it means walking a thorny path, struggling and shedding blood, it is our true mission and responsibility to pioneer this way. Please allow us to dedicate our hearts and bodies to pave the way for this nation, and establish this nation so that all people can walk toward the Father. I sincerely hope that this nation can receive the grace of love. For many years, we have walked a path that others do not know and do not welcome. There have been many times of sorrow and many times of loneliness. However, because it is the path the Father has walked, we welcomed it with gratitude and tears, and we know that there have been countless times we have called out to the Father with heartfelt voices. We also know how precious it is that the Father shed tears along with our voices and our tears. Knowing that this is the path, the workers of unification have not shied away from the path of hardship and have sought the joy of calling upon the Father to celebrate a day of joy. Please remember the names of those who have come forth, using the global Golgotha path as a standard. Is there anyone who is weary from being loyal to the Father's will today? I earnestly hope that You will open Your heart of compassion and love them. Just as You have encouraged me when I walked alone, please encourage them as well. When I was lonely, You comforted me, and You said that there is still a path ahead that I must take, and that I must walk the path You have commanded. I cannot forget the earnest requests and commands of the Father. I earnestly hope that those who follow me can also establish a heartfelt connection with the Father and be led to become true devoted sons and daughters who can struggle and shed tears with the Father. I know that today, many children with lonely hearts are longing for the headquarters and the members of the headquarters church from various places in South Korea, shedding tears, or perhaps crying out to the Father in the cold wind or while hungry. I earnestly hope that You will have compassion on them. I know that those who follow the lonely path of the Master are also lonely. You know that they are historical workers of the era who are holding onto the Father with a sorrowful heart and fulfilling their mission and responsibilities, so please remember their situations and environments, Father. I earnestly wish for this. As we come to the end of this year, please forgive the many sorrows we have felt and the worries of not being able to be loyal to the Father's will. However, may our one intention, the heart hidden within, be to equip ourselves as true devoted sons and daughters for the Father, to establish a connection of loyalty, and to pledge to walk that path with the Father. I earnestly hope that You will remember them, Father. Now, we must walk the remaining path of restoration, so please regard those steps as holy and let the Father remember those figures. Please share Your protection and authority with us so that wherever we go, we can achieve victory after victory and establish a glorious foundation before the Father, allowing the Father to personally present us before the multitudes and proclaim, "These are My sons and daughters." I earnestly hope for this, Father. Please forgive all the shortcomings of the past, where we could not fulfill our responsibilities and establish what You intended. May this week, as we close this year, be blessed before the Father.
86   The history of humanity is a history of restoration, Father, and I earnestly hope and wish for it. As we welcome a new year of cosmic restoration, please guide the destiny of the Unification Church, which must make a judgment on life and death, to the path of victory, Father, I earnestly hope and wish for it. May the brief words spoken this evening resonate in their hearts, reminding them once again of the sorrowful and difficult path of restoration that You have walked. May we lead our lives with a heart of gratitude, realizing that You have first labored and filled the valleys of tears, and allow us to become victorious princes and princesses who can dominate our lives. I earnestly hope that only the glory of victory remains in front of Your planned purpose on the remaining path of restoration. We have had Parents' Day, Children's Day, and All Things Day, but we have not yet had God's Day, so please allow us to devote all our loyalty and sincerity to welcome God's Day. In doing so, may we be equipped with the qualifications of children who can be remembered by You and loyal children, and may You add strength to our bodies and will to our hearts, Father, I earnestly ask. I ask that the glory and victory of all things may be with Your will forever, and I offer all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen. *
5) Victorious Subject
<Prayer> As we look back on the layered past and the remaining battlefields that You have walked through until this moment toward a new history, it is impossible to suppress our embarrassment. Humanity, born as descendants of the Fall and living on this earth, must be looked upon with compassion by You, Father. We know that the path of humanity, which cannot take responsibility for itself, is filled with sorrow, pain, and loneliness. Father, who is the hope of such humanity, please appear personally. Be the source of their lives and the center of their existence, so that the poor may join in the kingdom of hope that You desire. At this moment, as we welcome the new day of 1966 after overcoming a significant turning point in history, please allow us to repent with a sad heart for not having fulfilled our loyalty before Your will in 1965, and in this first dawn of the new year, look upon us who have bowed down before You with compassion. Please convey to us the circumstances that You wish to inform us of in Your heart, and let us be connected to Your deep heart. May we become true filial sons and daughters who can run toward the remaining kingdom of restoration and world of restoration on January 1, 1966 (Saturday), at the headquarters church. * This message was given as a New Year’s address in early 1966.
88   I know that there should be many victorious subjects, but there are not. When I think of how much You long for true sons and daughters who can take responsibility for Your sorrow this year, I feel ashamed. You, Father, who have endured the sorrow of having no perfect person on earth, have advised us once, and if we did not listen, You advised us twice, and if we still did not listen, You advised us three, four, dozens, and hundreds of times, seeking that one person whom You can love and trust. Please forgive our ancestors who have been so unfaithful and unfilial, and also forgive our unfaithfulness and unfiliality today. Now, as we stand at the place where we must pledge our loyalty and filial piety on the first day of 1966, I earnestly hope and wish that You will look upon us with compassion, Father. Your standard is far away, and although there have been many sad events along the long path of restoration, we have often forgotten that You, our Father, have endured sorrow while sending many days and years, and we have often forgotten that You have been with us throughout the historical journey. When there is joy, we often think it is due to us, and even when we have something to show before Heaven, we often think it is for our own sake. In the past, as unfilial children, we have forgotten that You have labored in silence, so I earnestly hope and wish that You will forgive all that has centered around ourselves. Now, on this New Year’s Day, while some among the thirty million people may be in deep comfort, others are aware that they are laboring before You on this day, so please bless those lonely ones. I sincerely ask You, Father, that many of Your sons and daughters may arise who can hear new news, receive new promises, and open a new era of hope before this nation with new strength. There must be many children walking the path of delivering new news to the sleeping thirty million people, and there should be many sons and daughters who take responsibility and step forward toward the dark world. If there are no such children, may this gathered group become those children. I earnestly hope and wish that those who have joined here will honestly present their flawed selves before You and be recognized as Your children once again. When we think of 1965, we know how much You loved us and how much You have advised us who have walked the path of suffering. We thank You for the effort You made last year to establish the 120 places to create a new historical connection. Although humans on this earth may not know, may today, the first day of 1966, be a day of joy when we can meet the new dawn of light through the fulfillment of the purpose You have left. May the Korean Peninsula become a land of joy, and may the thirty million people be a people who can celebrate the day of joy, Father, I earnestly hope and wish for this. Today, as Your children gather here, please command us with new labors and connections that You can command, and may we become true filial sons and daughters who can run toward the remaining path of the cross and the tears of Golgotha, Father, I earnestly hope and wish for this. Please grant love and compassion to the sons and daughters of unification scattered throughout South Korea, and let us feel the grace You have given us in the long path of labor and difficult circumstances this morning. The fate and future of this nation depend on them, so please allow them to feel Your cosmic history as a national grace, and may they become precious sons and daughters who can build and offer Your nation on the Korean Peninsula, Father, I earnestly hope and wish for this. We want to joyfully welcome the day You are preparing, and our wish is to receive grace from You and share it with all people, so please guide us on that path, Father, I earnestly hope and wish for this. May each moment that connects the past, present, and future become a moment of new promises and a moment of promises, I earnestly hope and wish for this. Please do not regard our insufficient appearances as insufficient. Bowing down before this altar, we solemnly welcome the year 1966, repenting for not having fulfilled our loyalty before You and pledging to fulfill our loyalty again, and repenting for not having fulfilled our filial duties and pledging to fulfill our filial duties again, I earnestly hope and wish that we may become those who can do this, Father. I know that the lonely unification groups who are coming out along the unknown paths scattered across South Korea are remembering this night and this time in their sad places and praying for this place, so please remember them, and may they become those who run toward the remaining battlefields, allowing Heaven's commands and new promises to manifest with them. I know that there are many of Your beloved children scattered in the provinces who are responsible for Heaven's will in lonely places, and I earnestly hope and wish that they may become children who can inherit Heaven's enterprise and Heaven's great work, Father. I earnestly hope and wish that You will grant us new words that You can allow us on this day. May the thirty million people be able to connect with Your new world of light, and please guide us to run toward the world of light from the dark world, managing the path of the thirty billion people. May the thousands and millions of saints scattered throughout the world, through the victory of the earth, achieve the restoration of the relationship, and may Heaven and earth unite to praise Your glory, and may the day come when we can truly serve You, Father, I earnestly hope and wish for this. On this first moment of the new year, Father, please welcome us with joy, for we have bowed down and prostrated ourselves before Your presence, so please add to us the grace of compassion. I earnestly hope and wish for this. Please allow a new liberation to come upon this nation, and with the sound of liberation ringing throughout Heaven and earth, may the glory of Your presence soon appear centered around You on this entire earth. I earnestly ask for this. May the glory, praise, and honor of ten thousand years be with You and with all Your children, I earnestly ask for this, and I offer all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen. <Message> The title of today’s message, ‘Victorious Subject,’ is what all fallen humanity desires, regardless of individuals, tribes, or nations, and it is what Heaven has long desired. The reason the noun ‘victory’ has come into existence is that our hope is to meet God, and God’s desire is to make us children of victory. If we cannot find a position like this title, we cannot bring about the fruits of God’s labor, and we know well that humanity’s hopes cannot be fulfilled. Before individuals become victorious subjects, it is impossible for groups, nations, or the world to become victorious subjects. We must understand that the word ‘victory’ originally did not apply to humans. After creating Adam and Eve, God blessed them to be fruitful and multiply, filling the earth with the authority of life and to govern all things on His behalf. They were to have the authority to govern the universe beyond the standard of life. This was the mission of the ancestors of humanity, yet they lost that mission. Therefore, we must understand that the term ‘victory’ has remained as an unavoidable noun on the path of restoration. We cannot become subjects without surpassing the standard of victory. We can only appear with the qualifications of a subject if we inevitably surpass the standard of victory. However, for the two characters of victory to be established, there must be an enemy to fight against. To achieve victory, we must go through the path of battle. Without going through the path of battle, we cannot bring about victory. Who is the target of this battle? It is undoubtedly Satan, the enemy of humanity and God. This Satan is the archangel Lucifer, who lured Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. We know that this Satan has deprived us of the authority of victory for thousands of years while violating us, the descendants of Adam. Therefore, we cannot deny that we must remove this Satan, who has deprived us of the authority of victory, in order to establish the standard of victory. From the day humanity entered the fate of the Fall, we lost God’s love. We lost the original personality that God created. We lost the promised words that God gave us. The overall cause of losing these things lies with whom? Of course, there is a cause with Adam and Eve, but we know that the primary cause lies with Satan, the subject of evil. The opponent we must defeat is Satan. So, what is the ultimate issue in expelling this Satan? It is how to center around God’s love. We must manifest centered on God’s love. If we do not center on God’s love, we cannot become the subjects who govern Heaven and earth. We must understand that without commanding based on the truth of God, which is grounded in the principles of Heaven and earth, we cannot subdue this Satan. However, until now, humans have not become the personalities who can channel God’s heart or the protagonists of truth who can channel God’s personality. Therefore, we must seek the truth and establish a personality that can align with that truth, and that truth and personality must become one in order to embrace the universe and allow God’s love to be connected there. Thus, the history of humanity has been a history of pioneering truth. 
93 We must clearly understand that by pioneering the truth, subduing Satan through that truth, and receiving God’s love in a position where we have the authority to govern Satan as one with that truth, the position of a universal subject is determined. So, what is the purpose for which God has brought us this far through the providence of restoration? It is to subdue Satan centered on God’s love. Ultimately, it is to grant us the authority to govern even God through His heart. Therefore, what is the ultimate goal that humanity should pursue? It is to reach God…. If we love God, He will love us, and if we dislike Him, He may also dislike us. This is the authority that God has been seeking to grant us by coming to us until now. To achieve this, we must become the protagonists of truth who can represent God’s words, and we must equip ourselves with a personality that can govern the universe through that truth, becoming one with God’s love. Only then can we engage with the entire universe. In other words, we can achieve oneness with the entire universe. When this happens, Satan will retreat. In environments where such individuals live, Satan will retreat. In families formed by such individuals, Satan will also retreat, and when such families, societies, nations, and worlds are established, we must understand that Satan cannot maintain his position on this earth. We must become the embodiment of the Word (truth), personality, and heart (love). Therefore, in the end, we must find a truth that can be occupied only by God in this world of sin, where evil is flourishing, and where we cannot find the true words of truth. We must judge the numerous words that oppose the truth in this world with this truth.
94   As a victorious subject, we must stand on the true position representing heaven and earth, based on the truth that cannot be touched by Satan's hand, and we must defeat the theories of evil that serve as a stepping stone for evil to prosper with the truth. We must not only judge Satan but also dismantle all theories of evil on earth. To do this, we must become a person who represents God's authority, established by God. When the standard of personality that is one with the truth is established, we can finally judge social evils. Therefore, we must understand that we are returning to the victorious individuals, families, tribes, nations, and the world that God desires and aims for. This is why we must conclude the judgment of truth that we speak of. We must judge all theories of evil that contradict the true truth centered on the true truth. Next, we must judge worldly standards of personality that do not conform to the original standard of personality established by God. Then, we must replace God's heart with that which is one with truth and personality, and establish a standard where only God can dwell and only God can love, thus judging all secular love. We cannot avoid this. We must understand that this is an essential requirement in the path of restoration. Therefore, you must become an unshakable embodiment of victory that cannot change or deviate on behalf of God, standing in a position that is one with God's heart. Only then can we drive out the Satans in the spirit world and simultaneously expel the foundations of evil on earth. You must understand that unless you have the authority to fulfill this responsibility, you cannot become a victorious subject before heaven and earth. If we step into such a position, God cannot help but protect us with His entire authority. It can be realized as we speak. What we have acted upon cannot be taken away by anyone. The love we embrace and cherish cannot help but become eternal love. When we stand in such a position, we can finally become perfect victorious subjects, and I hope you will renew your determination at this beginning of the year. Under such resolve, we must strive to become victorious subjects who will build a new welfare for the thirty million people and the world. I simply want to tell you that we must not fail to do so. <Prayer> Father, we know that through the long history, our ancestors and You have worked hard to overcome the path of false truth. We acknowledge the efforts of our ancestors to dismantle false standards of personality and establish true standards of personality that are embedded in a long history. We cannot help but thank You for guiding countless of our ancestors toward true truth, true personality, and the world of true heart. Father, please let us keep in mind the words You have given us at the beginning of this new year. When we think about the overall responsibility we have to complete this four-year course with the slogan of 'Victorious Subject,' let us feel once again how we have been unfaithful until now. Now that we have entered 1966, we know that this year represents the sixth year of the seven-year course, symbolizing the number six, which represents the resentment of Adam's fall. We must gather our strength during this six-year process to reach the standard that You desire. To do this, we bear an important mission and responsibility to be loyal to the thirty million people and the three-thousand-ri peninsula, so we earnestly hope and wish that You will extend a new strength and a new hand of compassion to us. We must spread the heavenly truth on this land where truth is exhausted, and we must create many connections with true children of heaven on this earth. As Your beloved children are in the process of forming new families, new tribes, new nations, we know that a new historical national start or a national great migration must occur centered on the true lineage that is connected through Your heart, so please be with us. 
96   Father, who has worked hard to gather the group of victorious subjects, we sincerely thank You for guiding us through the path of struggle until now. We know that You have grieved before we have, and when we have been despondent in tribulation, You have personally encouraged us. We did not know the lonely circumstances of our Father, who could not help but be so, but now we earnestly hope and wish to become true filial sons and daughters who can comfort You as grown-up children. Now, at this end time, may we be able to subdue the historical enemy Satan on this earth through the words of true truth, true personality, and true heart, and may we be able to purify social evils through this standard. Please grant us the grace to represent heaven's overall authority, and add strength and ability so that we can establish the authority of the victorious subject. Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this. Please remember the children of unification scattered across South Korea at this time, and if there are any groups praying with their hearts toward this place from lonely positions, please be with them. To those who are running toward the standard of the victorious subject, looking at the battlefield You have left, Father, we earnestly hope that You will grant them encouragement, comfort, and Your strength and ability. We know for sure that You will be victorious and that You will surely give and inherit the entire universe to the children who love You, so we earnestly wish to be those who remain until we can return the fruits of victory before Your glory. Now that we are starting this year, please bless this year. We know there will be many sad things, and we understand that there may be encounters with lonely places or difficult situations. In this year, may You embrace us with the glory of victory and lead us to the garden You desire. When You are lonely, please command us from that lonely place. As we seek the heart that You have grieved over, 
97   may our daily lives of devotion shine brightly, and may we become filial sons and daughters who can show such a life before You. On this first day of the new year, please bestow blessings upon countless nations, Father. Please bless countless humanity. We earnestly hope and wish for the day when the desires of our many ancestors and countless saints in the spirit world will be fulfilled by establishing the authority of victory on this earth. We earnestly hope and wish that You will pour out Your grace of compassion upon all the universe this dawn, and let Your abundant love dwell upon the thirty million people and the three-thousand-ri peninsula. We earnestly hope and wish that this weary and oppressed nation, though in a lonely position, will take a new direction and pledge loyalty and filial piety before heaven. To do this, we believe that the workers of unification must gather their strength and sincerity to prepare the remaining battlefield. We earnestly hope and wish to become the workers of unification who can honor You and give glory before You in that victorious position. Please protect the children of unification scattered abroad this year, and we earnestly ask that the promised new development will be realized together with us. We hope that Your intention of restoration, which has been long awaited for the missionaries in foreign countries, will be fulfilled and that they will become a foundation that can embrace all people. We understand that the work we do through the prepared years of 1964, 1965, and 1966 is to establish conditions for Your providence of restoration. However, we hope that this will not end merely as a condition. For our essence to be completely restored, Your efforts are once again needed, and we still need Your guidance and comfort, so we earnestly ask that You grant this. From now on, please allow us to be able to spend 365 days with You. We once again pledge to fulfill our loyalty for the responsibility of restoring the nation, 
98   as we have sworn to be victorious subjects and to serve You with all our hearts, so please do not forget us and allow us to participate in Your original garden. We know that behind our footsteps, countless humanity and many spirits in the spirit world are forming connections that can be reconciled. Horizontal restoration history, vertical restoration history... May we become the workers of unification who can defeat the horizontally developed world of enemies and establish a world of peace. We earnestly ask for this. May glory be with us for ten thousand years, and may the joy of victory that You desire be with us as well. We pray all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen. *
6) Purpose of Judgment
1 Corinthians 13:1-13 <Prayer (I)> This is the time to welcome the first holy day of the new year, 1966. Father! Please gather the sorrows of history, and in this hour, we hold new promises, new hopes, and new thoughts, so we hope that You will give us new instructions. Father, based on this holy day, may all 52 holy days of this year become sacred days. As we pass through this year, may Your children unite with You and fulfill the duty of loyalty and filial piety that You desire. We know that the many children scattered across the three-thousand-ri land are earnestly worshiping before You at this time, so please comfort these lonely groups, Father. If there are children who are in a position that cannot be resolved without Your circumstances, please connect them to Your situation, and if there are children who cannot move forward with hope without Your heart, please connect them to Your heart so that they can once again be strengthened to fulfill the remaining hope. How can we say that the footsteps we have taken in the past, claiming to be loyal to You, are perfect before You? If there are children who wish to serve You but find themselves in positions of bondage, persecution, or unfairness, we earnestly hope and wish that You will grant them new guidance and new promises as we welcome the new year. Father, we must remember many nations. Moreover, this Korean nation is a pitiful nation, so at this time, please bless them and touch this desolate three-thousand-ri peninsula so that it can advance toward a new world, and we earnestly hope and wish that You will lead them into the realm of heaven. Korea is the country of new promises where You can come, and we know it is the country that must prepare Abel's altar to fulfill Your new purpose. We understand that being loyal to You is Your desire for this nation, the duty of this nation to You, and the duty of this land and many nations and many spirits. Therefore, Father, please bestow Your compassionate love so that this nation and this country can become a nation worthy before Your will and become an indispensable nation in building the kingdom of heaven as the hoped-for Third Israel. We know how much You long for the day when this country’s established duty of loyalty and filial piety to heaven can be a model for all nations to be loyal before You. The many children gathered here deeply feel this and earnestly hope for that purpose to be fulfilled. Father, please protect and nurture us so that this people and this nation can participate in the glory of Your presence by winning the final battle. Thus, may the new global history that will be accomplished through Korea reach all humanity, and at the same time, may we be able to achieve the purposes that humanity has longed for and the purposes that You have desired. May this country and this people fulfill their responsibilities to open the path for humanity, and we earnestly hope and wish that they will become such a nation and such a people. We know that not only the humans of this land but also many spirits in the spirit world are waiting for their reconciliation centered on the earth. Father, please hear their wishes and let this earth become a foundation of victory that can fulfill their desires. Thus, we must bring You to the place where Your glorious world is established with their cooperation, where Cain and Abel can unite as one. Father, may all creation live in Your love and happiness, and may we be able to establish a nation and a universe that can praise Your glory in the place of peace. We earnestly hope and wish that You will add strength and ability to accomplish this. On this first holy day of the new year, we earnestly ask that You personally preside over us, and we pray all these words in the name of the Lord. Amen. <Prayer (II)> Father, who created the universe! Please let us deeply realize how earnestly You have longed for the day when Your glory can be shared with all creation. You created Adam and Eve and raised them in Your embrace to have an eternal life of love, aiming to build the welfare of humanity, and You wished to enjoy joy through the growing Adam and Eve. We must realize once again that You, who had such earnest hopes, faced a day of sorrow when You lost Adam and Eve. Father, there are many nations and many peoples on this earth. They have each had different histories, different living environments, and different hopes. When we think about this, it is contrary to the original purpose You have planned, and we come to understand that the differences in history, environment, and hope are Your sorrow. Knowing this, we understand that this is the consequence of the fall. The past cannot be without You, the present cannot be without You, and the future cannot be connected to Your ideals and lineage. Yet today, humanity finds itself in a miserable reality without a single connection, a single living environment, or a single ideological foundation. This
102   In a confused place like the purpose of judgment, in a place where directions are reversed, in a place where one's position conflicts with others, may we once again hear the groans and desperate cries of the 3 billion humanity living in such a situation in our hearts, and may we be able to think along with the heart of the Father, feeling the Father's heart and realizing the mistakes of the past. Now we have entered the year 1966. While many are making new promises and setting new goals centered around themselves in this new year, we cannot deny the fact that very few are concerned about the Father's situation, have hopes centered on the Father, and set goals centered on the Father. Father, countless nations on this earth are destined to seek You, yet they are forgetting that destiny, and even though they should be laying the foundation to serve You, they stand in a position of betrayal and abandonment. You wish to bring blessings, but when You see humans who reject those blessings and refuse the world of Your true ideals and true principles, there may be a feeling of resentment that would lead You to judge and destroy the entire earth, but we know that because of the ties of love and the bond of parenthood, You wish to save until the end. Father, there must be Your sons and daughters who are truly shedding tears of repentance and pleading for this humanity to have blessed hopes. However, the more we feel that this is not the case, the less we can lift our heads before You. Today, many religions and denominations are moving toward one purpose, yet there are not many who humbly bow down before You, shedding tears over the sorrow of the terrible judgment that humanity must face and the sad path that You must walk. This pitiful group gathered here today has come forth along the path of sorrow. They are Your sons and daughters who have fought until this day with weary steps, carrying the command You have given them, so please remember them. Before we seek blessings in this year, may this time be allowed for us to repent of the sins of the past that remain in reality. This nation 
103 has not been able to do so, and therefore, on behalf of this pitiful thirty million people, on behalf of countless denominations, on behalf of countless believers, may this time be allowed for us to repent before You with tears, I earnestly hope and wish, my Father. Now we must become sons and daughters who can hold onto Your wounded hands and be concerned for Your situation, and we must become true sons and daughters who can see Your humble appearance and Your desperate state, running to embrace You and weeping. However, if I have a heart that cannot do so, I earnestly hope and wish that this time may allow me to confess that I am a sinner and to be embraced in the bosom of Your mercy, my Father. I know that life is a path that must be walked while being forgiven with tears. Since You are like that, we also know that we cannot do otherwise. It was the same last year, and it was the same the year before, but please remember the remaining group that has endured until today. Now, as we welcome the new year, may we tighten our belts, cut our hair, and become children who can equip ourselves with the weapons of heaven and run forth to fulfill Your command. Father! We must not be a following group. I earnestly hope and wish to be in a position to appear as a vanguard before You, before the nation, and before humanity. It has been a sorrowful burden for many days that many have struggled in sadness, and it is a great sorrow that many have become a group of traitors who have betrayed heaven. We are those who must bear the heavenly cross that carries these countless days and countless stories. Now, may we take responsibility for that burden and become Your sons and daughters who can joyfully offer ourselves as heavenly offerings for the sake of all creation, I earnestly hope and wish. Now, at this time, may we confess all the past and hope that only a heart longing for You and a heart of admiration can fill our hearts with pure and clean intentions. Thus, regardless of what circumstances You may have or what appearance You may take, may we be allowed to have the appearance of true filial sons and daughters who can sincerely serve You. My Father, I earnestly hope and wish for this. At this time, welcoming the new year, I know that many are praying with tears in lonely places toward this Seoul headquarters. Please grant them hope. Do not delay the day of their desired hope, O Father. Let them feel the sorrow of this nation and become those who can step over the history of this nation's sins, and I earnestly hope that You will guide them directly under Your providence. I believe that You will listen to the contents we are appealing while we endure, and I know well that You protect us when we are lonely and miserable. I know that You are with us in times of persecution and oppression. Such a Father, please take care of our circumstances. Until now, we cannot express how much we have made You sad. I earnestly hope and wish that this year will not be like that. Now, may each of us have a sincere heart to bind all our devotion and humbly bow down to call upon You, and may we have a heartfelt desire to weep endlessly in Your embrace at this time. The Father who has come to us until now is not someone else's Father. He is my Father, our Father, and I earnestly hope and wish that You will embrace these sad children who stand on the path of restoration, which must be connected to that Father. Standing before them on the first holy day of the new year, what words can I convey? Please allow the heart of the one who conveys and the heart of the one who receives to become one. I hope that You will manifest Your creative power among us. May this altar, where our hearts are connected, become a single offering, and may this time allow us to offer the incense of atonement on behalf of the nation. 
105 Please allow us to weep on behalf of all people, on behalf of the Father, and may this time be one in which the Father can come and express His painful heart. I earnestly ask that the glory and victory of ten thousand years may be with us this year, and may it be with this nation, and may it be with humanity and all spirits. I earnestly ask this, and I pray all these words in the name of the Lord. Amen. <Message> I will now speak based on the contents conveyed during this regional tour. The evil world, the evil humanity—do you think this world you are living in is a good world or an evil world? Is it a good world or an evil world? No matter whom you ask, they will say that the world we are living in is not good and is evil. This will be the same answer even if you ask not only Koreans but all of humanity. Then, among the people living in this evil world, are there more good people or more evil people? It cannot be denied that there are more evil people than good people among those living in this evil world. And we must also acknowledge that within ourselves, living in this evil world, there are more evil parts than good parts. When we see the past that has been violated until we became such beings and the present that is being violated, it is a miserable fact that we do not have a foundation of victory to step over the ties of evil and do not have a stage of life and cannot have hope for the future. So what was the wish of countless saints and wise ones or countless seekers? They all hoped that this world would become a world of goodness. They lamented that they could not make this world a world of goodness, worrying about the past, present, and future of this world. Yet I am still trapped in an environment that everyone says is evil, and the fact that the society and world we live in today have become evil societies and worlds is a serious issue. Despite the fact that countless people are hoping for goodness, this world is still an evil world. Making this evil world into a world of goodness is a significant problem that humanity must solve in common today. Before this is resolved, peace cannot come. We cannot deny the fact that a new heaven and a new world of ideals cannot be built unless evil is eradicated. A truly conscientious person, the more chaotic the environment is, will be able to hear the cries urging, "You must be a true person in this evil world." When I look at myself, who must pioneer the path of life centered around this conscience, my daily life should be so, and my yearly life should be so, yet I realize that I am not standing in a place of victory centered around goodness but rather am in an evil environment, not a good one. Who must take responsibility for my misery and the misery of this world? This is not a small problem. You must clearly understand that you are the ones living in such a world. God, who has taken responsibility for this evil world, no matter how capable or commanding a person may be in the world, that person is undoubtedly someone who has lived and died trapped in an evil environment, and even those who are said to be capable today are undoubtedly living in an evil environment. Even if such a person has dreams, a future, and commands the world, this world cannot become a good world. Therefore, if there is an omnipotent God, He will not leave this world as it is. Ultimately, it must be concluded that God will have to devise a new plan. If God exists, He will not leave this world as it is. If there is a God who created heaven and earth and established the purpose of goodness, He cannot leave such a world as it is. Thus, the struggle to turn the evil world into a good world has continued from the past to the present. The evidence of that struggle is present in the history of providence. From that perspective, it is a grateful thing that the concept of the chosen people emerged centered on the Israelite nation. In this land of sin, in this evil world, it is a grateful thing that there has been a new ideology in the historical process that can establish true individuals, true families, true tribes, and true nations to confront this evil world centered on the new ideology of providence. If there were none of this, it would lead to the conclusion that God does not exist. Fortunately, seeing the emergence of the concept of the chosen people in history makes one feel, "Ah, it seems there is such a being." However, this concept of the chosen people should not arise after history but should have existed from before history. It should not arise after humans became evil and the world became evil. Only those who originally belong to the standard of goodness can become the chosen people. Those who belong to the standard of evil cannot become the chosen people. Therefore, the concept of the chosen people did not arise after history but has existed since before history. Only then can we say that God is a good God and that He loves humanity. If the concept of the chosen people were established after history, that God would not be a good God. The concept of the chosen people has existed since before history. Thus, it has passed through history to the present. The concept of the chosen people can connect the past, present, and future. The complete reality of the chosen people based on this concept does not refer to people centered on a fallen world but refers to true individuals who are in the position of completing the purpose of creation established by God when He originally created heaven and earth, that is, true individuals whom God can eternally take and can only deal with. The standard for this true individual was not established after humans fell and evil came into being but was established from before humans fell and before evil began. Therefore, you must understand that you must create a good world. This world is an evil world, and it is a world occupied by evil, so how can we nurture good people in such a world? If there is a master who created heaven and earth, this must be a significant task for Him. We must nurture good people. This has been the direction in which God has been providentially working on this earth until now. And what has He established as a means to nurture these good people? Religion. Do you understand? Thus, from the day of the fall, humanity has needed religion. Although humanity has fallen, deep within the heart of humanity, there is a foundation for having religion, that is, a foundation for having faith. This is because the standard of the chosen people, the criteria for fulfilling God's purpose of creation, has been established since before evil arose. In other words, there is a nature that can fulfill the purpose of creation. That nature always directs humans toward the purpose of goodness that God aims for. It manifests as an automatic phenomenon. Furthermore, our conscience acts in such a way that we cannot help but move toward goodness. The history of humanity has aimed for a single purpose. You must remember that the God who created heaven and earth is not two beings. If there were two Gods, could there be only one purpose of creation? If there are two Gods, there must inevitably be two purposes of creation. There cannot be two purposes of creation. This point must also be considered. Therefore, God must be one. You must understand that there cannot be anything other than one God. Can you conclude that all creation made by one God has two purposes? That is impossible. One God established one purpose of creation and created all beings as one material to fulfill that purpose. You must understand that He created all things to aim for one purpose.
109 You must understand. Since one God created all things in the universe centered around one purpose, this history, no matter how much it swirls, pushes, and stumbles, will ultimately move toward that one purpose. If humanity had been perfected in the beginning, it could have started in a good world. Then today, it would still be a good world. However, we come to know that there are more evil people than good people on this earth today. Observing this, we cannot help but acknowledge the fact that this world did not start with good but with evil. God created all things in the universe for one purpose. Yet, when we look at the world we currently live in, good and evil coexist, each aiming for different purposes. This is unacceptable. Therefore, God must remove one part. What must be removed? Without a doubt, it is not good but evil. A day must come when past evil is removed, present evil is removed, and evil is eternally expelled from this earth. The day when heaven and earth establish the sovereignty of heaven and completely eliminate evil is the day that fulfills the purpose of judgment. When we look at the history of humanity that God has governed with one purpose, we must understand that evil is dispersing. Evil does not unify but disperses. Evil is dispersing. It collides, splits, and continues to divide. Humanity started from one ancestor, yet today, how is it that countless ethnicities have emerged, each with different historical backgrounds, and many nations have split apart? This is the result of humanity starting from evil. After colliding with one another, two become one, and two become four, thus forming numerous tribes through division. Evil cannot be unified; evil is divided, and the result of division is destruction. This is the law of heaven. Up to now, history has been a struggle between good and evil. This evil must not just be removed; it must collide. When good and evil collide, evil is destroyed before good. A little good is destroyed a little later than a little evil. You must understand this. The more evil one is, the sooner they are destroyed, while the less evil one is destroyed later. The history of humanity is a struggle between good and evil. Think about it, everyone. Here are two identical apples. Both look delicious and appealing. But let’s say there is a tiny fly droppings on one apple’s stem. Of course, you would want both apples. But if you had to choose one, which one would you take? What would the majority of people choose? Would they choose the apple with the fly droppings or the one without? Without a doubt, they would choose the one without the droppings. Even a child would choose the good one. This is undeniable, right? Let me give you another example. Suppose a bad person in a neighborhood randomly provokes a child who is just passing by, leading to a fight. Then, who would be considered the good person and who the bad person? The majority of the neighbors would turn their backs on the instigator and side with the child who was unfairly beaten. They would side with the child who was wronged. When we see this, we can understand that the bad side becomes isolated while the good side gains support. This cannot be denied. Based on this principle, if the absolute being who governs heaven and earth, the subject of absolute good, were to see a fight between a more evil person and a less evil person, which side would God take? God would side with the less evil. So, will the side that God is on be destroyed or not? It will not be destroyed. Good and evil must collide. Without collision, there can be no judgment. That is why humanity has gone through numerous wars. They have split into many nations and have collided with one another. Among them, God has sought out and established a good nation. A little good lineage has survived, and it is undeniable that history has continued through that lineage. So, what era are we in now? We are in an era where many nations are flowing into one ideological sphere, aiming for one purpose. We are witnessing the fact that beyond the thoughts of nations, traditions, customs, and cultures, we are moving toward a global ideology, tradition, and culture. Many ethnicities are gradually heading toward one standard. In the history of humanity, there have been countless battles, but evil has always been on top while good has been below. Evil started first and has dominated the world from above, while good started later and has been below. However, good has been rising to higher positions while evil has been descending. Now, the time will come when evil will be destroyed and will forever descend. In other words, the time of the intersection of good and evil will come. And you must understand that this intersection is the starting point for fulfilling the Creator's purpose. So, after good and evil have fought, what will remain? Good will remain. From this perspective, today, as communism and democracy are in conflict, it is clear which ideology will prevail. Democracy is an ideology centered on God, while communism is materialism that denies God. They are fighting against each other. The secret to overcoming evil is the same: among those who say God exists and those who say He does not, who is the better person? The one who says He exists is the better person. If someone claims that God does not exist while He clearly does, that person must be a thief or someone who is fundamentally wrong, right? From this perspective, at the end of the world, which side will prevail? If God governs with one purpose and leads the world toward that purpose, He must cooperate with one side. The side that receives God's cooperation will win. Which side will God cooperate with? He will cooperate with the side that is a little good. Therefore, although all fighting is bad, the slightly better side will always win. Thus, the conclusion that communism will lose is automatic. In World War I, the country that started it first lost, and in World War II, the country that started it first lost as well. If a third world war occurs, it will be the same. Evil always has the upper hand until the first half and middle of the game. Do you understand? This corresponds to the principle that while Satan invaded the realm of growth and maturity, he could not invade the realm of completion. Until the early and middle stages, evil always had the upper hand. However, as we enter the final stages of the latter half, it has always been reversed. This can be seen from the history we have gone through. Evil could not endure until the end. Therefore, if one perseveres until the end, evil will yield completely. Evil cannot endure until the end, but good can. Generally, those who cannot endure until the end are those with a lot of temper, pride, and who only assert their own opinions. However, those who can endure until the end are those with a great purpose, who have a great hope for that purpose. In other words, the more one places the standard of their purpose in tomorrow or the distant future, the more they can endure until the end. God blesses such people. This is an undeniable fact. Evil centers around itself, while good stands in a relative position to the absolute Creator. Therefore, one must look toward a great purpose and move toward that great purpose, and must not be dominated by small purposes. Evil collides everywhere it goes. However, evil cannot endure. Evil operates cunningly. You must understand this well. Therefore, the problem is to remove evil. So, where is the hometown of evil, the place where evil was born? Where is the base of evil, and where is the homeland of evil? The hometown of evil is not the Republic of Korea. It is not the land of any country. It is not an organization with a sign. The Republic of Korea is composed of individuals and families. The world is composed of numerous tribes, ethnicities, and nations. However, the hometown of evil is not these families, tribes, nations, or the world. So, where is the hometown of evil? It is precisely humanity. The homeland and base of evil is humanity. Do you understand? It is us, precisely us. How can we prove that humanity has fallen? Some people scoff, saying, "What fall? Have you seen anyone fall? That is something cowards or weaklings believe." Many think that the place for the failures of life is religion. However, this is a completely unjustified thought. So, everyone, what is the fall? Has humanity fallen or not? Have you seen anyone fall or not? But how do we know that we have fallen? The original intention that directs humanity toward God is that God created this created world with one purpose. Therefore, all beings created by God are directed toward this purpose. Have you seen that when the morning sun rises, all things turn their faces toward the sun? This includes not only plants but also all animals. The long and tedious night has passed. So, they express their joy by mobilizing all elements to welcome the morning sun, saying, "Oh, dear sun, come up quickly." The reason all things long for the sun is that the sun is the source of life. Similarly, if there is God, the center of this universe, humanity has the original intention to move toward that God. If not, humanity would be worse than all things. Therefore, your conscience commands you, "Hey, go to God." Then can you confidently say, "I can go to the world of God's creation purpose"? Absolutely not. For those who have just come, it is hard to believe. Now, analyze yourselves quietly. Do you have one purpose or two? Speak clearly. Is the purpose of your heart one? At the beginning of the new year in 1966, you should say, "I go centered on one purpose. That purpose is what I have aimed for since I was born. I will pursue this purpose until I die." Is there a God of the past, a God of the present, and a God of the future separately? Does God change? No. God is linear. You know, there is a saying in the world about straight people or upright people, right? But what does it mean for a person to be straight? It means they are centered around the law of heaven. So, is your heart straight? Ultimately, the conclusion is that we live between two purposes. However, we have not been able to possess either of those purposes completely. It is neither this nor that. If you look closely, the purpose your heart goes toward and the purpose your body goes toward are separate. Do you acknowledge that? A smart person cannot deny it. Because our own state is like this, whether we like it or not, we cannot deny it. It may feel unpleasant, but it is how it is. So, what is our current life like? We are in between two purposes but cannot fully choose one. We cannot move toward one purpose. We are living in circles. Thus, we are dying as we live. If God has established the great purpose of the universe, are these people needed in that purpose world, or are they useless? What kind of people are they? They are useless people. The garbage dump where such useless people gather is hell, the human garbage dump. It is a place that collects and holds human trash. Sinners are on a direct path to the garbage dump. I apologize. It is uncomfortable for me to say this. Everyone, does a rich person spend tens of millions to build a house and prepare a garbage dump first? They build a house and live, and as they do, waste comes out, and they need a garbage dump to collect that waste. Similarly, would God create hell, like a garbage dump, before creating heaven and earth? That is not a reasonable statement. Hell was created as a consequence of the fall. The reason Jesus Christ, the Savior, must come is that humanity has fallen. Prayer and religion were originally unnecessary. What was not needed in the original human life became necessary due to the fall. If you have two purposes, you will be removed. You are not a person who goes toward one purpose, nor are you a person who has one purpose; you are a person who has two purposes. A person with two purposes stands in opposition to God, who governs with one purpose. That is why humanity has fallen. Originally, humanity should have moved only toward good, only toward one purpose. But how did evil invade that life? This remains a sorrow of humanity, a sorrow of history, a sorrow of the world, and a sorrow of the universe. What should we do about this evil? Can the purpose of good be fulfilled while evil is rampant? No. That is why humanity has needed religion. Religion transforms a person with two purposes into a person who can serve only one purpose. However, religion alone is not enough. Since you have two purposes, you waver, right? Is that correct? Do you not waver? A person with two purposes wavers. Do you like people who waver? Such people are removed wherever they go. The humans living on this earth have two purposes, so they waver. A true person does not waver. A person who wavers is not a true person. Such people, I’m sorry to say, are...
116   The purpose of judgment must be established. The Heavenly Parent did not create beings that waver between two purposes; rather, the created world was made with one purpose in mind. Since the Creator God created the world with a singular purpose, that created world must move toward one purpose. This is the heavenly law. Therefore, when there are two conflicting purposes, they must be eliminated. Are you standing in a place that does not waver, a place that is aimed at one purpose? If not, you will undoubtedly face judgment. The world envisioned by those with two purposes can only be a world of inconsistency. This is because the people who make up that world are those who waver between two purposes. For them, the possibility of change is one hundred percent present. We must cut this off. Originally, humans were created to follow one purpose, one creation purpose, that is, to follow the direction set by God. However, today, humans are wavering with two purposes, and this must be corrected. If left alone, can the true heart follow its intended direction? No. Therefore, we must strike down one of these two purposes. So, which should we strike down, the heart or the body? It is the body. Are we talking about striking down like in a war, using cannon fire? No. A cannon only needs to hit once to be effective. For humans with two purposes to have one purpose, it cannot be achieved through force. It must be a natural realization of “I have become a captive. Please take me as a captive,” allowing them to stand before the heavenly law. Thus, this operation is the most difficult, the most challenging, and the most tiresome operation. That is why God, who is organizing the world of two purposes, is working hard. So, is God a joyful God? No. However, today, Christians think of God as a joyful being. What lack could there be for God, who sits on the throne of glory? Since all things in heaven and earth were created for Him, what sorrow could He have? Christians think this way. 
117 Why do you pray? Why pray uselessly? Did God create you hoping you would pray? God feels pain when humans pray with their own circumstances. Thus, the conclusion is that God is a sorrowful being. The teachings of religion tell us to deny the physical world; how sorrowful must God be? Can the suffering of humans for seventy or eighty years compare to God's sorrow? Who is more miserable, God, who works hard to restore countless humanity as His children and leads them toward a world of one purpose, or humans? God is more miserable. Today, humans know too little about God. If they truly understood, they would say, “Ah! This is the situation He is in. He had to be that way.” We must strike down this body. This is the hardest part. Who should take responsibility for this difficult area? Religion must take responsibility. Who is responsible for striking this down? Listen carefully, even those who are new. Religion must take responsibility. Religion is the teaching that becomes the foundation. No one can stand before the heavenly law without knowing this teaching. So, what kind of teaching is religion? Is it a teaching that tells us to indulge the body? No. The teaching of religion is to strike down this body. And thus, to liberate the conscience. Do you understand? We must clearly understand religion. What is religion? It is precisely to strike down this body and liberate the conscience. How wonderful would that be! The teaching to liberate the conscience and restrain the body is the teaching of most religions. Does the Bible say when you are hungry, do not eat just one bowl of rice but eat three bowls? Is there a teaching in this world that says to be proud, to act out of anger, to assert oneself, to do as you please, and to disregard morality and ethics? 
118   The purpose of judgment This body demands more than just rice and meat soup. This body, even when it goes to a good place, demands to go to an even better place. Therefore, it cannot be satisfied. How should we save this? Can we capture it as a prisoner? No. That is why what does religion teach? The starting point of religious teaching is to deny the physical life, physical society, and physical world. This must be clearly understood. The teaching of religion begins with the call to completely deny the physical world. If not, we must completely capture the body as a prisoner and liberate the conscience entirely. Do you understand? So, ultimately, do humans need religion or not? It is obviously necessary. Does even the president of a country need religion? Does the president of the United States need religion? Everyone needs religion. Religion is absolutely necessary. A proper religious life So, what does religion aim for? It is to follow the principles of creation that align with the heavenly law. That is, one God created heaven and earth, and He governs toward a world of one purpose, so we must understand that religion teaches us to move in that direction. This does not mean to believe in the Unification Church. We must clearly understand why religion is necessary. Religion is about completely denying the entirety of physical life. Buddhism is the same, and Christianity is the same. The higher the religion, the more it calls for denial in general. The Bible also teaches such things. Fallen humans and God cannot simply merge as they are. They must receive complete liberation and be transformed into humans pursuing one purpose. That is why religion is necessary. You will understand this.
119 When a growing grain breaks in the summer, what happens? It dies as it dries. From that moment, an untimely autumn begins for that grain, and it ends there. This teaches us about the fall. What is the fall of humanity like? It is like not properly experiencing the spring and summer seasons and encountering an untimely autumn in the middle of the seasons. The universe has relationships and connections from the smallest to the largest. Today, the advancement of science is due to the discovery of various formulas and laws, which allow it to operate. Because of this, we have been able to create a civilized world like today. The advancement of scientific civilization was hastened by a formula centered on laws. The acceptance of a formula is determined by how much it can be applied across all fields. We must not approach our religious life blindly. God governs through formal laws, so we must understand those formulas. The Unification Church is the place that teaches these formal laws, and the doctrines of the Unification Church contain these formal laws. The doctrines of the Unification Church clearly teach how the history of restoration has continued from the past to the present. This is the most important content of the Unification Church's doctrine. So, what is the life of religion? It is the life of re-establishing the original standard. What is the fall? It is encountering an untimely autumn during the summer season. We must recognize that the civilization of the 20th century is a temperate civilization, a civilization of the autumn season. The ancient civilizations of the past were tropical civilizations. Now that we have entered the civilization of the autumn season, only bare branches remain. This is generally true for everything. Both democracy and communism belong to the autumn season, but they have not properly borne fruit. How can we become the true olive tree that bears the fruit that all people long for? 
120   The purpose of judgment The fruit is what all people are eagerly awaiting. Therefore, a standard that can bear the fruit that all people are longing for must emerge on this earth. As autumn approaches, that fruit will begin to appear. The one who comes to this earth as that fruit is the Lord of the Second Advent, who represents the universe, as Christianity speaks of. He is the central being of the universe. No matter how hard humans try or how much they establish the path of religion today, God has not yet found that perfect and complete human He originally desired. That is why God is still in the process of searching for that human. When this perfect human is found, a perfect couple will be formed through him. And through that perfect couple, a perfect family will be established, and centered around that family, a perfect lineage will be formed. Thus, a perfect nation, state, and world will be realized. This is achieved through the grafting history found in Christian thought. So, how should the grafting be done? Jesus said, “I am the true olive tree, and you are the wild olive tree….” When grafting, do we cut the true olive tree or the wild olive tree? We cut the wild olive tree. It is a call to completely deny it. To do this, we must cut off the base of the wild olive tree. It is not about cutting the side branches. We must cut the base so that no side branches can grow. If someone who knows nothing sees a large wild olive tree that has been around for hundreds or thousands of years being cut down, they might scold, “You crazy person, why are you cutting that big one?” When the true olive tree does not bear fruit, it is the same as the wild olive tree. If there is no fruit, believers and non-believers are the same. Yet, I do not understand why they are so busy claiming to believe. We must completely deny such worldly things and cut them off entirely. And when we cut, we must cut all the way down to the base. After cutting, what should we do? We must borrow a branch from the true olive tree and graft it with all our sincerity. To believe means to graft a branch from the true olive tree. This is because we have not been able to start as the eternal true olive tree seed of God, but have become children of evil, that is, wild olive trees. Those born as wild olive trees are precisely fallen humans. Fallen humans cannot fulfill the original purpose of creation. Therefore, we must follow the path of the true olive tree that moves toward one purpose and must also inherit the branch of the true olive tree to graft it. That is why Christian thought is true. However, in the Bible (Romans 8:15), it states that we cannot directly call Him ‘Father’ but must call Him ‘Abba Father’ from the position of an adopted child. This is because the adopted child has a different bloodline. The people living on this earth did not originate from the good God but all started from evil, so they must all be cut off and grafted onto the good olive tree branch. Therefore, the thought of the Messiah, the thought of the Second Advent, that is, the Savior thought that can save all humanity must emerge before the human world. Love Jesus more than your parents and children. Then what must that Savior do? He must come as the true olive tree and cut off and graft the 3 billion people of this wild olive tree world. By doing so, humans who started from evil must judge evil and fulfill the condition of having started from good. Thus, they must stand in the position of having fulfilled the duties of adopted children and become direct sons and daughters. Going to that position is the very purpose of faith. So, should you cut or not? If you are to cut, where should you cut? Is it enough to just cut the legs? If you only cut the legs, it will not die. You must cut the neck. Only then will it die. People are running around to eat. They want to see, hear, and eat good things, and they want to wear good things. I have seen many joint weddings, but when I observe the young men and women, they only want to look at each other's faces. They do not want to see anything else. So, where should we cut? We must cut the neck. This means we must completely strike down all that humanity demands. 
122   The purpose of judgment After that, we must attach the head of Jesus. Then what will happen? We will become like the true olive tree. We will become the essence of Jesus. That is, when we graft the true olive tree onto the wild olive tree, we become like the essence of the true olive tree. So, when Jesus goes this way, the essence also goes this way, and when Jesus goes that way, the essence also goes that way. By becoming a person who can set a direction toward heaven in the same way that Jesus moves, we will finally not become humans with two purposes but will stand on the standard of one purpose. You must have understood that God's providence of salvation is to enable humans to naturally follow the law of heaven. Now that we have talked this far, you cannot deny it. Did you cut the neck? You probably didn’t, right? So, you are in the process of doing this cutting. Then, what should we receive to welcome the one who comes to graft us as the true olive tree? We are the bride before that bridegroom. We must receive the new shoots of life and love from that bridegroom. Only then can we make a new start toward a new world and become children who can fulfill the providential purpose. This is generally the perspective of the providence. From this viewpoint, if someone who is nothing struts around arrogantly, they will be struck down. Also, those who walk around with the mindset of a thief, glaring and trying to make this world their own, will all be struck down. The civilization of the 20th century is like a wild olive tree that must transition toward one purpose, having encountered the autumn season. This tree can receive the branch of the true olive tree that comes in the spring season and be grafted, allowing it to transition to a new season from there. So, is the thought of the Messiah necessary in this fallen human world or not? If it is not necessary, you can stop. Is it necessary or not? How necessary is it? Is it more necessary than your parents and children? That is why Jesus said, “Anyone who loves their father or mother more than me is not worthy of me, and anyone who loves their son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me.”
123 "He who loves father or mother more than me is not worthy of me..." (Matthew 10:37) He said. This means to love Jesus more than anyone else. Unless you have a greater devotion to the true olive tree than to the wild olive tree, you cannot be grafted in. From this perspective, the Bible states, "A man's enemies will be those of his own household." (Matthew 10:36) This shows that it is true. Everything must be cut off. Therefore, you must cut off your parents, your husband, your sons and daughters, the world, and your livelihood, saying that none of them matter. Then who will oppose you? It is the husbands who will oppose you. They will persecute and oppose you, asking why you have become like this. Then the household will be ruined. The household of Satan must perish. This is why the saying that your household members are your enemies came about. "Ah, that's why such a saying exists!" you will understand. People who should be living their faith according to this principled standard of heaven do not know this. Who is the heretic? Have you been grafted in? You have not been grafted in. Your way of life until now is not enough. It must be changed to the way of life of the coming Messiah. Then, what did Jesus Christ, who came 2,000 years ago, come for humanity as? He came as the true olive tree. Therefore, He intended to graft in the wild olive trees, but they cut down the true olive tree. Jesus died on the cross. Did He die well? Did He die well? Did Jesus die well? What is the saddest thing in the course of history? It is that they killed Jesus, who came as the true olive tree. You must know that this is God's sorrowful and historical grief. Without knowing this situation of God, Christians believe, "Ah, our Lord died on the cross for my sins." Therefore, humans rooted in this land must be made into the true olive tree. 
124 The Lord who is coming again to fulfill the purpose of judgment must come as the true olive tree and cannot come spiritually. He must come as a person. The idea that He will come riding on clouds is a fantasy and an imagination. No matter how much I try to find out, it is not written that way. How much have I tried to understand this up to now? I cannot express how much the world has persecuted to kill the leader of the Unification Church. Who would want to do this? Who would do this out of inferiority? After knowing and understanding, it is clear that this is an undeniable principle. Because I understood this, I have come through this path. So, will the Lord come riding on clouds? Is He coming on vapor? That would be holy... Thinking this way is precisely heretical. It deceives society and denies that a new world is being established on this earth. Isn't that right? It teaches absurd facts and absurd words. The saying "If you believe, you will go to heaven" entices greed, and the saying "If you do not believe, you will go to hell" threatens and intimidates, which is how Christianity has developed until now. "If you believe, you will go to heaven, and if you do not believe, you will go to hell" is a form of intimidation. It should not be like that. Therefore, as the end approaches, the truth and falsehood will be clearly revealed, and Christianity itself must be criticized by society and must also be criticized by the truth. Today, society regards the words of pastors and those who practice faith in the church as laughable. They have come to regard them as laughable. This society is far ahead in the realm of truth. Therefore, it concludes that a religious ideology capable of clarifying and guiding the world with a higher dimension of truth must emerge. Thus, the Lord who is coming must come with a spoon and chopsticks. In other words, He must come as a person. Does saying this make the Unification Church a heretic? Let's wait and see. Established Christians say that we are different branches. However, isn't it heretical if the end is different?
125 How God nurtures His chosen people. Now, what will God do? One side must be withdrawn, and the other side must be chosen. To do this, He must call His chosen people. How does God call His chosen people? He does not hide them in the evil world but must surely bring them out. That is why He called Noah. For truth to be true, it must be recognized as true in a false world. Satan must also be able to say, "Yes, your son is true." Without going through the process of being truly recognized, truth cannot bear true fruit. Because God is the one who carries out providence from this perspective, the God who calls His chosen people always leads them to a place of suffering, a place of being right, and a miserable environment, placing many people in a position where they can say, "Ah! I do not want to." and retreat, and thus brings out His chosen people. Can it be done just by bringing them out? You must be able to bring them out from a place where everyone is waving their hands saying, "Oh, I do not want to." You must bring them out while placing them in a position where they can completely deny it. Without going through such a position, a chosen people cannot be established, which is why God made Noah do something that was utterly unbelievable in the human world. God commanded Noah to build the ark on Mount Ararat for 120 years. This is indeed a remarkable command. However, at first glance, it seems like a command that even a madman would give. But God was pushing him into such a position to quickly sever ties with the world, quickly deny the world, and quickly separate from the world. Upon closer inspection, God is truly wonderful. Jesus believed and followed everything, and in the end, He carried the cross and triumphed, which is why He became the Messiah. In this way, placing someone in a position that denies the world is a method for selecting the heavenly chosen people. When Noah was building the ark for 120 years, he must have been called crazy, and he would have faced persecution. At first, his close relatives would have opposed him, and as time went on, even distant relatives would have opposed him, and eventually, everyone would have mocked him. In this way, nations were cut off, tribes were cut off, distant relatives were cut off, and even cousins and uncles were cut off, leaving only a group that could not be reduced, which was his own family. Think about how much opposition Noah must have faced from his wife. Noah must have received a lot of opposition from his wife. Although this content is not in the Bible, think about it logically. However, Noah devoted all his sincerity before God. The history of the closest religion to God until now shows that evil has attacked good. However, good has also attacked evil. This is because evil first attacked good, so in response, good rose up and attacked evil. This is the law of justice. Noah entered a position where all people opposed, mocked, and persecuted him. In this way, God led him to a place where there were no people who could be on Noah's side. However, only Noah's eight family members were in a relationship that could not be expelled, which is why God was able to carry out His providence. Thus, when the time came, God judged the sinful world. In other words, because good was right, it could forgive up to three times. When evil invaded good, conversely, good could forgive. Then evil must compensate for the damages. That is how it is. No matter what Satan says, because Noah stood on heaven's side, God was finally able to judge. Based on this principle, when we look at the history of the Israelite nation that has the thought of a chosen people, Abraham also became a wanderer after leaving his hometown, Isaac became a sacrifice, and Jacob fled to Haran and suffered. Moses also went to Egypt and endured hardships. And the Israelite nation that betrayed Jesus is still a nation without a country, receiving forgiveness.
127 When we see this, we can understand that to be established as a chosen people, one must stand in a position that can go toward heaven even if the whole world opposes. In this sense, if there is any religious organization that can completely establish the rights of the chosen people in the historical end times, that religious organization must stand in a position that the world opposes with both hands raised. Do you understand? However, that does not mean that the Unification Church is the only one. Knowing this fact, the person speaking here has also stood in a position of being opposed and imprisoned for over 40 years. The time will come when people will feel a headache just by hearing the name of the Unification Church. Established Christians hate Unification Church members the most. The Bible also says, "A man's enemies will be those of his own household," right? If you believe in God, you become family and brothers, but if not, you become enemies. That is why Joseph's ten brothers sold him. In this way, today, established churches are driving the Unification Church out. Although they are essentially family, numerous denominations have pushed the Unification Church to the brink of death until now. The person who receives the most opposition can stand closest to God, and the person who gives the most opposition stands closest to Satan. Holding onto this principle, the teacher has developed the Unification Church until today. However, the teacher does not regard any pastor of established churches or believers of established churches as enemies. Just as Joseph's brothers, who tried to kill him, came to him in Egypt and bowed before him to ask for food and became one with Joseph, as the end approaches, the world of unity will increasingly be realized. In the future, a dry wind will blow through the church. This means that the entire congregation will find themselves in a position where they fall away like leaves from autumn branches. At that time, they will admit that their spirits have been in famine. However, even in such a process of famine, even during the process of enduring the winter solstice, a religion with the life force capable of breaking through must emerge, a religion that possesses complete truth.
128 After passing through the winter solstice, spring will surely come. In this way, a religion with the seed of life will, when the time comes, be able to start anew as a new life form according to the law of harmony of heaven and earth. In other words, it will transition to a new stage. The mission of Unification Church members. In the end times, a storm of trials will arise. A spiritual storm of trials stronger than external trials will come. Therefore, a religion that possesses the life force capable of overcoming that trial and asserts true truth must emerge. Without it, at this time when autumn comes and winter follows, it will not be possible to establish a heavenly foundation that can greet a new spring and start anew with new sprouts. God does not make the world perish but allows the process of trials and suffering to prepare for a new spring. The church in this position is precisely the Unification Church. Now we have raised a new torch high. As you all know, the character "통" in Unification Church (統一敎會) means "to govern." Having such a name carries great significance. Therefore, we must push back the waves of death sweeping in and overcome all winter solstices with the power of life. Thus, we must create a core denomination that represents heaven and will never be invaded as we welcome the new spring. This is the mission of Unification Church members. As we enter the new year, you must understand this clearly. Just as Joseph forgave and welcomed the brothers who tried to kill him, there will come a time when we will do the same. There will surely come a time when those who opposed us will come to the Unification Church and ask for something to share. Then we must embrace them with love. Just as Joseph did not take revenge on his brothers, who were like enemies, but forgave them with love, we must embrace them with love, for they are undoubtedly the same children of one father and the same blood relatives. God, who is the Lord of heaven and earth, governs heaven and earth based on the law of justice; therefore, no matter how evil Satan is, he cannot invade God, who is in the position of a parent. Likewise, Joseph could not harm his brothers, who were the same as him centered around their parents, and because he treated them from the perspective of a parent, he could be the most filial son. Do you understand what I mean? The Unification Church must have such magnanimity for the established church. The teacher does not envy any pastor of the established church. Someday, they will come to our Unification Church. That day will come. The purpose of history is external development, and the purpose of religion is internal development. Why has God developed this world today? To prepare an external world of purpose. In other words, it is to lay the groundwork for living.
The necessity of the emergence of the Unification Church. Before God created humanity, what did He create? He created heaven and earth and all things. However, because humanity, established as the lord of all things, fell, they lost all things, and humanity fell into the position of a traitor before God. Therefore, God has been carrying out providence to re-establish an external standard that can embrace the whole world in God's bosom. This is the development of society centered on politics, economy, and culture that God has been carrying out until now, and it is the development of history. Thus, it is moving toward one purpose. Until now, humans have never fully unified body and mind. There has never been a day when body and mind were completely united. Therefore, God has laid out external standards and has now formed a global unification shape. At the same time, God has laid out internal standards through the ideology of religion.
130 The purpose of judgment is to remove the external and stand in a place that does not come into contact with this world. Therefore, a unified standard must be established. In this way, we must absorb and integrate with one another. Today, a religious sphere centered on Christianity has formed among the four major religions. As the external aspects become increasingly unified, we must also prepare a foundation for internal unity. So what are we trying to achieve? We are trying to make it one. What was originally one has fallen into two, so we aim to make it one again. The one God created humanity with a single purpose, but humanity fell and came to have two purposes. Therefore, through the development of history, we should return to the original state of aiming for one purpose. Through the connection of the chosen people, we must achieve the chosen people's rights and unify to return to the original standard. Since history did not start with perfect people, we must judge the wicked and restart with perfect people, establishing a new world and a new cosmos. Just as God first created the external universe, He has also carried out external providence. In contrast, He has developed religion internally. However, while all political worlds have perished through conflict, religion has not. Does your conscience waver? Conscience always has one purpose. Because religion is responsible for the internal realm according to the direction of the heavenly principles centered on one purpose, it cannot fail. Therefore, the history of religion remains unchanged, whether in the past or present. However, this world is progressing through a historical process toward a world of one purpose. What has developed in this way is the present age. Knowing that this is the time to achieve a world of one purpose, what should we do? We must establish an internally unified direction and organize everything. From the perspective of God's providence, which aims for one purpose, this era is a historical time when the Unification Church must emerge. Do you understand what I mean? The Unification Church, as a unifying religion, must inevitably appear on this earth. The time must come when the world is governed by the ideals of religion. So what should we do? We must prepare the origin of unity on behalf of the world, allowing humanity to be completed as unified beings, thereby establishing a new era that can achieve a unified purpose. That world is one that starts from love. This is the overview of providence. Up until today, just as the body and mind have fought and failed to unite, religion and science have also been unable to merge. However, in the end, they must completely unite. But it must not be science at the center; it must be religion. Similarly, for a person, it is not the external body that is central, but the internal conscience. Thus, the time must come when the ideology of religion, which establishes the principles of conscience, governs the world. Is there any disagreement with this? If such a world is realized, what will happen? That world will be one that fulfills God's purpose, and from there, God's love will emerge. If a carefully crafted object turns out exactly as desired, what would you do? You would want to spread the word around the neighborhood, and if that object is a representative masterpiece of that country, you would want to boast about it to the world. Love emerges precisely from this. Love arises from the fulfillment of purpose. Therefore, the ability for a man and a woman to love is possible because it stems from fulfilling the purposes of man and woman. You must understand this. For this reason, God's love also begins not from the fulfillment of human purposes but from the fulfillment of God's purpose. Therefore, religion teaches God's love. When your conscience acts, does it say, "Good job, good job," when the body does something evil? No, it does not. You know this well. Our conscience always commands us to "be good, act according to human principles." How does your heart feel when you act according to your conscience? Is it good or bad? "It's good." Why is it good? Is it because a good bundle pops out? And if you do not act according to your conscience, do you feel distressed or happy? You feel distressed, right? This is a fact that everyone commonly feels. Therefore, we must die together or live together. Only then can we carry out the providence of salvation for all people. So why is it good to act according to conscience? It is good because it follows one purpose. Where is the movement of the universe directed? Both great and small things are all moving toward one purpose. Furthermore, all the events that arise due to heavenly fortune are ultimately to cooperate with that purpose. When there are metal objects around a magnet, the magnet will attract those metal objects. Similarly, when there is a heavenly principle, everything moves toward it. Moving toward one purpose does not change. What changes is the position that departs from this direction. When your desired purpose is achieved, does your heart feel joy or distress? When you do something and it goes as your heart wishes, you feel good, right? Why do you feel good? It is because you are approaching the values that your heart desires, centered around your heart. Therefore, the closer you get, the more you will gain the joy of the heart corresponding to that purpose. The judgment and the universal principles of heaven's fortune are moving toward the great purpose of heavenly principles. Likewise, human conscience is in a position to be grafted onto the heavenly fortune, thus moving according to heavenly principles. There is a purpose of life that must be equipped with ten purposes, yet many people have not even achieved nine of those ten. When a task fails, does your heart feel regret or not? Regret is a natural reaction according to the laws of nature. What happens if you completely retreat within the realm of the universe's purpose? Your value of existence disappears. When the value of existence disappears, the universal principles will be destroyed. Where do good and bad get judged? They are determined by the action of human conscience, centered around the purpose of good, and are swayed according to that value standard. When the quantity that can participate in a field pursuing a certain value increases, the heart feels joy. However, when you retreat from that position of good, the greater the quantity, the greater the pain of the heart. When you get sick, why does it hurt? Is it because a bundle of pain bursts out? This is where the standard of the universe comes from. The universe operates according to the law of give and take centered on perfection. However, that which is not united is a disqualified entity in the universal principles. Those who are disqualified must be removed according to the laws of the principles. The more the quantity that can be removed, the more the power of the universe pushes it away. So when you get sick, does it hurt or not? In this regard, naturally, when the end comes, this world will become a unified world. Do you understand? You must not despair while wondering when and how unity will be achieved. This universe must completely have a direction that can align with one purpose. Then should you act according to your conscience or not? Acting according to your conscience is for the sake of goodness. What happens if you are good? You move toward the world of God's purpose. What will you do when you reach the world of God's purpose? You must meet God. Then what is the ultimate purpose of life? What is the greatest desire for fallen humanity? … "Faith, hope, and love abide, these three; but the greatest of these is love." (1 Corinthians 13:13) This is truly a good word. However, not everyone knows the complete content of this. Therefore, you must know for sure. Goodness is protected and nurtured by the universe. Freedom, liberation, and peace reside there. And because sincerity is present, attraction arises. The laws of the world and the laws of heaven. When your conscience acts, is it frightening or not? There is nothing in the world that is frightening. There is authority there. Goodness is protected and nurtured by the universe, and freedom and peace reside there, along with life and authority. Nothing in heaven and earth can subdue this. Do you have any objections? When you are good, the president is not frightening. No matter what legal code is applied, it does not matter. No matter how many criminal laws there are, they have no relation to that. Therefore, worldly laws cannot pass the standard of conscience. In other words, worldly laws cannot infringe upon the authority of good. Then who can govern the authority of good? Only the absolute being, the master of good, can govern it. People know that evil cannot govern good. Look closely at the laws of the state. What do they say not to do? If you do something, it states in which article of the criminal law you will face punishment, such as prison time. Therefore, what is evil? Goodness is where freedom and liberation reside, and the universe protects and nurtures it, while evil is subject to restraint. It must be restrained before the justice of the universe, restrained by the state, and restrained before the institutions of society as a whole. There is not a single being that welcomes that evil. Therefore, evil cannot exist in the universe. Today's laws of the world are laws of restraint. Look closely at the Constitution of the Republic of Korea. Is there a law that says to reward a kind grandfather? In a fallen world, there is no law of compensation for goodness. And there should not be. If there were, God would have nothing to do. What happens when the day of judgment comes, when all are judged by justice? God will abolish the laws of evil and establish the laws of good. At that time, it will be an era of rewarding good people. Even if you are rejected and suffer in an evil world, you must work centered on the laws and values of goodness. Then, someday, there will arise a law that determines compensation for goodness, centered on the heavenly law, that is, the heavenly constitution. The world that must produce such laws is precisely the kingdom of heaven on earth. When the kingdom of heaven on earth is established, you will receive rewards. People living in an evil world also have a conscience. They too know, even if just a little, that there are fundamental laws like this. The Unification Church must engage in the movement to create good laws. Good people must come together to create international laws that reward individuals who have done good deeds. Therefore, evil must be restrained. You must clearly understand the standards of good and evil. Goodness protects and nurtures, resides in freedom and liberation, and truth remains forever. It gives hope to humanity and establishes heaven. It creates the authority to respond to God and the authority to sit with God. There are fields in all of this. Evil is subject to restraint. What happens when it is restrained? Then evil must be eliminated. Evil has anxiety and fear, in contrast to peace, and has the authority of death instead of life. Does a person feel at ease when they sin and hide in a basement or deep underground? If evil infringes upon good, it must compensate good. However, good can strike evil. Therefore, you must understand that you must believe in goodness regardless of circumstances. For this reason, the conscience truly loves good. Evil is always beaten by good. If evil strikes good, it must compensate for damages a thousandfold. The reason Jesus, who came to this earth with the mission of salvation, was crucified is that evil struck good, and thus it must compensate for that. This is why Israel was destroyed. The six million Jews who were massacred by Hitler in Germany is compensation for the sin of killing Jesus. The suffering of this world today is all compensation for the evil that has struck good. The day of judgment, when the cost of that compensation will be determined, is the day of the great judgment. I hope that day comes soon. Do you dislike this? If I were to suggest that the judgment be lenient because the teacher is being slandered, you would probably say no. How many Christian martyrs have been slaughtered in the process of God developing the fallen world into a realm where He can be present? They have died and died again, paying the price of evil, and have come back to this day. When good strikes evil, the result is not evil but good. Therefore, it is said to strike those who do evil. Do you understand what I mean? Strike that evil without forgiveness. Then, every time that evil is destroyed, you will accumulate merit for goodness. Because evil destroys the world, you must receive the award of historical victory as compensation for the act of striking evil. Do you understand? You must establish a clear standard regarding good and evil. Are you currently under restraint? That is not a good thing. Being under restraint is a warning that says, "You are entering the path of destruction." Is money so precious that you cannot feed your beloved sons and daughters? No matter how much you invest your life and everything, you cannot exchange it for your children. You must offer that precious child as a pure gift before the great purpose of the universe. You must raise them with sincerity and purity. But are you feeding them by stealing? That is a violation of the laws of love. It is a violation of the laws of love that can remain in the world of purpose. You must understand this. You must raise your children, whom you should nurture with sincerity and purity, without accepting bribes. Later, those descendants will resent their parents. For the sake of your beloved children, you must raise and protect them in a place where sincerity can resonate. Because of this law of love, the universe is developing into a historical world where such beings can remain.
137 The direction of good and the direction of evil. Moving towards the position of good that religion aims for is precisely how we achieve victory over Satan. How are the directions of good and evil different? Good always stands in relation to the absolute God, while evil positions itself subjectively around itself. What is good? It is sacrificing oneself to contribute positively to the overall purpose. Then what is evil? It is drawing the whole towards oneself. Good and evil have different directions. The body tries to do only what it desires, while the mind tries to prevent the body from doing what it wants. The directions are different. Individualistic thought cannot be tolerated in the universe. Therefore, individualism ultimately leads to a miserable fate. Thus, one enters a stage where they lose their beloved spouse, parents, kin, and nation. Moving forward centered on oneself must ultimately be rectified. From the principle of the universe, evil is bound to rebel. Thus, the conscience always opposes evil silently. Good always rejects evil, and this is the principle of nature. You must understand that the directions of good and evil are clearly different. When you see a poor person, doesn’t your heart command you, “Hey, you should sympathize with this person”? Does it tell you to help or not to help? It tells you to help, right? When you see such a poor or troubled person, your heart urges you to assist. Then, if you helped about ten people in a day, would your conscience say, “That’s enough; you can rest now”? Does your conscience say that? No, it does not. The conscience is stubborn. Does it tell you to rest just because you did something good for the thirty million people of South Korea? It does not. The conscience commands you to do good for the three billion people of humanity. Does it tell you to rest after doing good for three billion people? No, the conscience commands you to continue. Humans have lost the purpose of life and have fallen, thus being distanced from God and the purpose of judgment by thousands of years. The path is long, and the place where the body is situated is infinitely far from the position of good, so would the conscience command you to rest? Would it? The conscience knows its inherent value and position, so it longs for that place and continues to push you towards it. However, since this body remains in reality, blocking the path of the conscience, it keeps urging you to do good deeds. To achieve the purpose of this universe, humans must embrace the entire universe. They must establish a connection with God. Without establishing that connection, one cannot achieve their purpose. Similarly, for the thirty million people to achieve their purpose, they must be connected centered around one relationship. Only then can the purpose be achieved. The conscience keeps pushing you because it is centered around the great purpose of the universe. The body must follow the conscience and advance towards heaven and earth through Korea and the world. What will you do when you reach that point? When the body reaches that point, does the conscience say, “Now it’s done; you can rest”? It does not; the conscience sets another purpose and pushes you forward. Thus, you must conquer God’s love. 
139 To become the son-in-law of a wealthy family, you must capture the heart of the wealthy grandfather. What method would that be? If you capture all of that grandfather's unique love, then the wealthy daughter becomes your wife. And her wealth also becomes yours. This is it. The conscience commands you not to rest after conquering the purpose of the universe, nor after conquering God, but ultimately to conquer the love hidden in God’s heart from a position where you can govern the universe. This is where the new ideal world of the universe begins. The conscience knows this, so you must not forget that you are being urged to conquer the world of purpose created by God and ultimately God’s love. You must understand this point clearly. So, is your conscience grateful or not? For us humans, there is a path we must surely find for what we have lost, and thus a lifespan of 70 or 80 years is too short. Living through 40, 70, or 100 years, one cannot go far with a normal living foundation. Therefore, we must not ignore that and push ourselves into a position where we can accumulate results equivalent to ten years in a month or a hundred years in a year, even through dictatorship. Since humans are far from God, your conscience must recognize that it is relentlessly pushing you forward. Religion teaches this. That is the purpose of religion. Religion teaches to believe in God, to understand God’s will, to have a new purpose, and to move towards a new heaven while teaching God’s love. Faith, hope, and love always exist, but which is the greatest? It is love. Through this love, the laws of heaven and earth emerge to correct this world. It means to set this world that is going astray back on the right path. The four major goals of the Unification Church are 
140 the purpose of judgment. Thus, according to the normal original laws, the new fortune of the new heaven and earth will settle on this planet when the Lord comes. The life that can enjoy the world of purpose and proudly proclaim happiness before the universe through the song of peace is precisely the life of heaven. So, what is the center of judgment? It concludes that it is centered around God’s purpose and God’s love. Then how should the purpose of judgment be fulfilled? It must go to the standard where evil is removed and good is promoted so that one purpose can be completed in the world of good and evil. This is the purpose of the external world, and it is also the purpose of the internal world. Both external and internal desires must fulfill one purpose centered on God. Because the whole can achieve a common purpose before God, a human who realizes that one heart governs the body emerges as a victorious person in the universe. Thus, a human must emerge who transcends the restraints that the conscience has faced before the body, where the conscience absolutely governs the body. Such a human becomes the prince of victory. Such a human, as a prince or princess of heaven, becomes a qualified being who can govern the universe. Then what kind of existence should a Unification Church member become? They must seek the purpose of the universe. To seek the purpose of the universe, they must align their direction. Do you understand? If the directions are different, you cannot go. Those who set out towards the purpose must have the same direction. You must hold hands and move towards the same direction. The direction is the issue. In other words, the circumstances are the issue. God is in the spring season; can you be in the autumn season? God is currently walking the path; can you rest? That is a different circumstance. You must unify your hearts. If God is sad, can you be joyful? The heart is the issue. God comes out centered on such a purpose, which is why He is the God of the past, present, and future. We must know what God’s purpose was in the past. We must understand how God’s direction, circumstances, and heart were in the past. Thus, we must know God’s purpose, direction, circumstances, and heart in the present and future. If you pass this, humans will automatically be completed. Therefore, what does the Unification Church teach? It teaches the purpose, direction, circumstances, and heart of God in the past, present, and future from a providential perspective. The purpose speaks of the completion of ideals, and the direction speaks of actions, so the purpose and direction must align. Furthermore, circumstances speak of life, and the heart speaks of connection. The Unification Church presents these four principles. If you do well in these four areas—ideological unity, action unity, life unity, and heart unity—you will undoubtedly become the sons and daughters of God. The Unification Church aims to teach this. Do you understand? What are the essential requirements that the Unification Church aims for? It is precisely ideological unity, action unity, life unity, and heart unity. These are essential requirements for achieving our purpose. Until now, you have been shouting for ideological unity, action unity, life unity, and heart unity without knowing it, right? You must fully understand these four requirements. Got it? * 
7) Be on God's Side
<Summary of the Message> When I embarked on this path, I was a youth like you. When I received my mission from Jesus, the great question was how to fulfill that heavy responsibility. I realized that the strength of Noah, Abraham, and Moses to go the purposeful path was stronger than anyone else’s. On February 22, 1948, when the teacher went to Pyongyang prison, I thought there would be someone promised by God when viewed from the principle of a thousand miles, so I went with hope. A year prior, I felt an irresistible heart that I could not rebel against because heaven had taught me that I would come. The crack in the teacher's front tooth occurred when he was trying to make a needle in Hungnam prison. How precious that needle was! I realized that the person God seeks is just as precious. I enjoyed the mountains and trees, but sometimes I could not see the sun. There are three groups in the universe. They are the group belonging to God, the group belonging to Satan, and the group that belongs neither to God nor to Satan. You must find your fate among these three. To belong to God, you must achieve victory. The command to love your enemies means to love that person to detach them from Satan. Satan is an adulterer before God. And humanity is the child of that adulterer. Therefore, Satan is the enemy. Only those who are deeply committed to avenging this enemy can become people on God’s side. To be saved, one must first avenge the enemy. The base of this enemy extends from the world to my very cells. Because humans fell at the completion stage of growth, Satan occupies two-thirds of the entire path, and God operates within one-third. *
8) Let Us Become Sacrifices for the Nation
<Summary of the Message> Unifying democracy and communism is our mission. To achieve this, at least one person must be placed in each of the 2,400 districts nationwide. To form a triad, about 7,000 people are needed. These individuals must be college graduates or higher. Originally, we intended to focus on Ewha Womans University and Yonsei University, but that plan collapsed, and the direction changed. Thus, we shifted to focus on middle and high school students. The three-year period must show that this nation cannot do without unification believers. South Korea, with its current state, has no way to block the infiltration of communism. They infiltrate the lower classes. Therefore, we have been spreading the principles to local people and continuing lifestyle guidance and enlightenment movements. The triad in each district must be responsible for ideological guidance, lifestyle guidance, and enlightenment movements. Originally, ideological guidance should be the responsibility of the church, while lifestyle guidance and enlightenment movements should be the responsibility of the agricultural department, but when you go to the district, you must take responsibility for all three. If we send college students to the countryside for a year to take responsibility for middle school education, they will also gain an understanding of rural circumstances and develop patriotism. We must leave behind the true ideology of becoming sacrifices for the nation in the university. To do this, we must raise young people who can take on the responsibility of the judge. This is the purpose of founding this organization. *
9) Establish the Standard for Global Restoration of Wealth
<Summary of the Message> We must restore the position that Adam should have completed and become a filial son, and the position that Jesus should have completed and become a historical representative. Both the teacher and you must fulfill your filial duty. Thus, we must fulfill our mission as the central tribe in place of Adam. The twelve apostles must indemnify the historical mistakes. The teacher must center on those with a new mission and carry out the providence. Therefore, we could not connect with established churches. If those with a new mission had established horizontal indemnity conditions, we would have achieved global expectations by now. The teacher had to find and establish the standard for restoring the denominations that came out with a new historical mission. This is the reason the teacher visited other denominations. However, this did not go as intended. That is why we have been reorganizing and restructuring this again. That has been the history up to 1960. Starting from the blessing ceremony, we began to overcome difficult challenges. You stand in the position of ancestors who have restored the mistakes of ancestors like Abraham… The fall of Adam and the suffering of the teacher are the sorrow of heaven. You are in the position of ancestors who have restored the mistakes of Adam and Jesus. 1966, January 27, 1 AM, Former Headquarters Church. * This message was given after praying in front of family members who came from the local area on the birthday of the parents (lunar January 6), and it was organized from notes taken by former association president Yoo Ho-won. The title was added by the editor.
147 To firmly establish the expectation of the Second Coming, one must stand in the position of having resolved the grievances on behalf of the Lord. You must prepare the glory and foundation to welcome the Lord. You should be able to present yourselves as victorious beings. Blessed families should be able to feel the sorrows of the families that God has established as central families in the restoration providence as their own sorrows. You must stand in the position of resolving God's grievances and giving birth to the Lord of the Second Coming. The Teacher is in the position of a perfected parent, and you are in the position of restored parents. Therefore, you stand in the position of the restored family of John the Baptist. Offer your devotion secretly. Since the church is a holy place, offer your devotion at the church. Blessed families should send at least one hundred won each month to the members who are evangelizing in the regions. This is the Teacher's command. Based on this condition, material blessings will return. Therefore, you must send it with sincerity. The Teacher feels a grievance for not being able to send to foreign members. You cannot receive without giving. After passing through the seven-year course and entering the realm of national following, the nation will be revived, you will grow, and the Teacher will enter the realm of perfected families. It is not about having someone in the family to take care of the baby. If a servant is more loyal to heaven than the master, that family will be caught. Single women living in the church should all go out and evangelize, and only families should remain in the church. <Summary of the Offering Prayer> We dedicate stones and soil brought from 120 holy sites in 40 countries, symbolizing the whole of heaven and earth, so please establish it as a condition to dedicate the entire nation. By performing this rite, may all authority gather on the side of heaven and the authority of the satanic world collapse. <Words After the Offering Prayer> (While granting one thousand won to each region in Seoul) Save this as if saving in the name of the Teacher. At least 12 people should save here each month, but they cannot withdraw. You must save and not skip. Even the regional leaders must save and not skip. This will establish the standard for the worldwide restoration of wealth. This has already been carried out as a global movement since the Teacher's world tour. 

10) Welfare calls
Matthew 21:1-11 <Prayer (I)> Eternal Father, may Your holiness and supremacy be praised forever with all mankind and the entire universe. Today, on March 13, 1966, as we celebrate this holy day, the scattered children have gathered before Your presence. Please have compassion on our insufficient selves and accept our shortcomings. With Your wide and great heart, please embrace us, command us, guide us, and manifest the original intention that You wish to unfold here. We earnestly ask, Father. During the week, how many things have been arranged before Your eternal will? As we become aware of this, we come before You with a heart that reveres and admires Your precious life, entrusting our weak selves to You, so please accept us. If there are parts of us that You can use, please nurture them so that we can dedicate them before Your presence, and if there are parts that are unworthy, please remove them, and if there are parts that are unwanted, please close them, so that only the contents that are worthy before Your will remain. While we claim our bodies as our own, please accept that we have not yet equipped ourselves as our nature demands, and while we assert ourselves, please accept that we have not yet united with our original self. March 13, 1966 (Sunday), at the former headquarters church. 

149 May the merciful Father once again unfold the hand of re-creation within our circumstances and environments, and may we be transformed into the beautiful figures that embody the original posture that You have desired and longed for. Today, there are countless children of Yours who are kneeling alone in every corner of the three thousand ri, earnestly appealing before You, so please remember them. May their wishes align with Your will, and may the goals of their struggles align with Your goal of subduing the enemy. We earnestly hope and wish for this. We have understood the sorrowful heart of the Father who commanded the children to go away, and we have learned of Your sorrow and painful circumstances. However, we know that our goal is not to stop at merely learning, so now we voluntarily walk the lonely path that no one knows, so please consider this step as holy, and establish their moving figures as Your pride, so that they may become soldiers who can trample upon the stronghold of the enemy, the source of resentment for eternity. Father, we earnestly wish for this. When they plead before You with a heart full of resentment, may You also be anxious and move with them, and when their intentions align with Your will, may You embrace them with tears and have compassion on them. Please ensure that their wishes do not stray from Your wishes, and that their intentions do not trample upon Your holy will. May they become children who are guided to be the standard in facing Your wishes and will, fulfilling the duties of loyal subjects and dutiful children, and knowing how to walk. May this day be established as a day to unfold new promises before You, and may it be a day that Your children can boast and rejoice in, Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this. When they shed tears and pray for their nation, please have compassion on that nation. 

150 Welfare calls, when they pray for humanity, please remember humanity. Please replace the circumstances they presented before You for the world of hope with Your circumstances, and remove the many sorrows of today’s history, so that they may be remembered as a new group capable of taking responsibility for the world of hope, Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this. The small group of insufficient people gathered here has resolved in their hearts to fulfill the precious responsibilities entrusted to them before You, so please take care that they can fulfill the historical mission and responsibilities You have commanded. Before Your gracious love, we do not know where to place ourselves, and we have come here to chastise our insufficient selves, so please embrace us in Your bosom and gather us within Your fence, and remember us. Please do not let this time of gathering be just a casual meeting, my Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this. Today, we know that there are groups overseas who are looking at this place with tears and praying. Knowing Your will, please remember those who are concerned about the grievances of heaven in the unknown twists and turns for Your work, and those who wish to inherit the foundation of restoration left by heaven, Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this. Their wishes are not for the achievement of any individual purpose. They are moving forward on behalf of Your holy will to resolve the historical grievances of heaven, so please remember them and may You directly work wherever they go, we earnestly hope and wish for this. By returning many nations before You and uniting them, may Your will be proclaimed throughout the world. Thus, may they appear as the heavenly tribes representing the chosen people, able to rejoice before You by winning in the final battleground that judges good and evil. Until that day, may You remember the tears they shed and the holy sites they protect, Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this. 

151 Establish a new group of promises that You can remember over the 120 holy sites scattered across more than 40 countries, and may You illuminate a judgment seat that can make the final decision on this earth, and may Your will to separate good and evil be manifested throughout the entire universe, so that all people in the world can encounter Your will in their hearts and on their stages of life, Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this. Please look down upon Your children gathered here. Please take them into Your hands, and if there is anything in their hearts that is unworthy before You, we earnestly hope that You will remove it all. May they not become those who violate the fact that they have sworn to be loyal to heaven, and may this time be one where they can feel the guilt for not fulfilling their sworn responsibilities and can once again hold onto Your hand with a heart of repentance, we earnestly hope and wish for this. Please remember this day and establish it as a holy day, and please choose this day to chastise the vile groups, establishing it as the final day to judge evil as evil. Are there any of Your children who could not attend this gathering? May their footsteps become steps that go for Your will, and may they be guided to take steps that pledge loyalty before Your will. May they reflect on their own shortcomings and realize that they bear a mission for a single goal, and may they be blessed to renew their vows before You, Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this. We offer this brief hour according to Your commanded will, so please accept it, and may nothing appear that is outside of Your will, but may it be accomplished only according to Your will. May this gathering, which integrates each person's body and mind and completely captures the overall atmosphere, be sufficient to dedicate to Your glorious presence. In place of all mankind on this earth and the countless saints in heaven, may this time be one where we can prepare a throne of glory to be praised for eternity before You. Until the day we meet the day of victory that You have longed for throughout eternity, we earnestly ask that You support us from behind, and we pray all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen. 

152 Welfare calls <Prayer (II)> We have come to know that history is a continuous sorrowful history that has gone round and round. We have realized that the mistake of a single day by our human ancestors became a tremendous motive for creating this sorrowful path of history. As a result, it has created a world captured by the waves of death, and we cannot help but lament this. Today, we understand that we have a historical responsibility to step forward with the shield of life to settle this enormous sorrowful history. As we think of ourselves as a small group that can vow and resolve to fulfill such responsibilities, we sincerely thank You for allowing us to offer our heartfelt gratitude before You. In order to gather the scattered humanity, You have removed the chaotic environment, and we recall once again Your great efforts to lead those who have betrayed heaven back to the original garden You intended. We earnestly hope and wish to become Your heirs who can inherit the tears You shed and the unjust facts that have caused You pain, Father. Many religious figures who appeared to represent the countless witnesses of humanity and history knew that You are the glorious Father and the subject of life and the whole authority, but they did not know the hidden sorrows within. Many religions have left cultural legacies throughout history, but the more we realize that countless religions have become the source of that culture without knowing the sorrowful history that flows through Your heart and bones, the more sorrowful it becomes. There were no sons and daughters who could understand Your sorrowful heart, and there were no groups who vowed loyalty and filial piety and cried out to serve heaven. When we recall this, Father, please remember Your children gathered here. They are a weary, torn, and wounded group, but they have seen the traces of sorrow flowing in their hearts for You and have seen the tear marks You shed. 

153 As we think of ourselves as the vanguard of heaven called to confront the historical enemy and fight against those who drive us into the valley of death, we feel the grief of not being able to connect with Your sorrowful heart, and we earnestly wish to feel once again that we have not been able to connect with Your sighing heart. God did not fail to fulfill His will because He lacked money, nor did He fail because He lacked people. It was simply because there was no one who had a connection to Your sorrowful heart that the will could not be fulfilled. We earnestly hope that this time will allow us to feel this, Father. Now, here are Your children who are prostrated before Your presence. For them to step forward as a new heavenly tribe according to Your command, they must have a new determination and resolution to inherit the history of Your sorrow. Therefore, we earnestly hope that You will provoke the emotions and shocks that explode from deep within their hearts at this time, Father. Who were You? We did not know that You are our Father, whom we cannot sever ties with for eternity. What was Your sorrow? We did not know that losing Your children and losing history was Your sorrow. However, now we sincerely thank You for prostrating ourselves here according to Your earnest will. As long as historical grievances remain, Your grievances remain, and as long as historical sorrows remain, Your sorrows remain. May we become true dutiful sons and daughters who understand this, Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this. It is time for Your children to come forth, realizing that there is a global Golgotha path that must be passed down to the thirty million nations and the nations of the world, blocking the flow of this history and building an altar before You. Your children gathered here, for whom have you lived until today? Also, what are you looking forward to? We have a mission to take responsibility for the overall destiny of the history left by heaven, and we have stepped forward with the determination to fulfill that mission, so we must not hesitate or give up midway.
154   Blessings, please do not let us be defeated by evil, our enemy. I earnestly hope and wish that we do not become a group that kneels down in defeat. On this day, I sincerely wish that you remember the lonely group that has bowed down at your altar, representing countless nations. Moreover, even in the lonely paths of our land, your children, who are struggling to replace the lamentations of the nation while worrying about heaven and humanity, are here today, shedding tears and revering this place. I earnestly hope and wish that you remember them, Father. I have come to know that all of this is the connection of your sorrowful history. As long as the sad connections and histories left before us are not resolved, please do not let us become ungrateful children who evade or avoid this path. I earnestly hope and wish that we become true sons and daughters who can learn the way of filial piety and the integrity of loyal subjects. Now, please do not let our hearts be solely ours, but let us be your sons and daughters who can throw new bombs on behalf of the nation to create the source of life. Thus, I earnestly hope and wish that we may become a group that can rise up, stepping on the desolate land of the nation as new workers of new life, and create a new altar before you to praise the glory of your grace. Father, please have mercy on this country and this nation. It is a nation that has not been able to escape the valley of tears due to its lonely history and carries deep grievances. However, I know that this nation will not end merely as a wandering, oppressed, and trampled nation without a historical foundation of victory. For this, I earnestly hope and wish that we become children of unification who are determined to restore history through our hearts and bodies and establish a worldview to create a new world. Such determination should not end as today’s determination, nor should the circumstances be buried as today’s circumstances. To change those circumstances and grievances into glory and joy, your children must realize that many twists and turns must be removed, which even you cannot do by yourself. 
155   Please protect this altar today and establish a new promise that you wish to convey here. Father, I earnestly hope and wish for this. We offer this time to you, so please accept it. Now, as we pledge a new promise, I cannot help but be concerned that we have a solemn mission left before us as we must run down the fateful path of concluding this journey of 1966 and 1967. As we are already past the middle of March, let this time be one where we lament our own hesitation. Please help us gather our scattered hearts and bodies, restore the disordered altar, and become children who can inherit your achievements by winning the bloody struggles on your battlefield, your Golgotha, and claiming the glory of resurrection in your name. I earnestly ask that you have mercy on the remaining whole and embrace it, and I pray all these things in your name. Amen. <Prayer (Ⅲ)> Father, please preside over this time. I ask that there be at least one or two children who shed tears of gratitude, saying they will offer their lives and all to you upon hearing your commanding voice. Let them be children who can comfort your heart, even for a moment, by bearing the sorrow of scattered history and forgiving it. Let them be children whom you remember and love. Although they may appear pitiful in the eyes of the world, let us feel in our hearts that they can be companions of the heart before you, who bear much grief. Father, please have mercy on this altar. Let this altar be one that cannot endure without your compassion. Let this gathering be one that must express its heartfelt circumstances and tears, revealing the feelings you have kept hidden. I desire such a place. Father, I know that you also desire such a place, so let them be a group that seeks and approaches such a place. If your heart is so, and the heart of the messenger is so, and the heart of the receiver is also so, then please dwell among us, and let their lives, hearts, and bodies be intertwined at this place where your earnest circumstances and deep compassion are established. Thus, I earnestly hope and wish that a new history can arise from here, where they can make a new vow with tears. Father, I earnestly hope and wish that you allow me to express my heartfelt circumstances and sorrowful feelings honestly at this time, and connect all historical circumstances that must be connected through you, so that we can establish a deep connection at this time. I earnestly hope and wish for this. Also, at this time, please remember the lonely places, and let this day be a day long awaited by countless saints from the heavenly throne and many of our ancestors throughout history. Even if it is just for this one hour, please take our bodies and hearts and make it a time that can be remembered in our lives, and let us be those who receive heavenly blessings on this Sabbath and share them with all people. If there are those who are praying with tearful circumstances and feelings for this place, please do not let us become indebted members of the headquarters. Rather, let us be honorable members of the headquarters who can alleviate their debts and fulfill our original responsibilities. Let this place be one where people who can hear the voices of those who are praying desperately for this place on behalf of countless nations gather, and let us be those who plead before you as subjects, asking for your compassion and mercy for those who are praying from afar for this place. I earnestly ask that you lead the remaining whole according to your will, and I pray all these things in the name of the Lord. Amen. 
157 <Message> The title of the message I would like to think about with you today is "Blessings Call." Blessings - the land that God and humanity desire. What was the original purpose of Jesus coming to this earth? It was, of course, to establish blessings. Not only Jesus, but also countless prophets, sages, and heroes throughout history who came with a purpose and left traces on this earth all came to find the right path to seek blessings. We acknowledge that culture and history have been built upon the achievements of such saints and sages. And now we are living within the social sphere of that cultural realm. So, what is the overall goal that today’s society, nation, and world are striving for? It cannot be denied that it is also heading towards blessings. Whether big or small, whether a large country or a small one, or whether it is an advanced nation boasting authority in its time or a backward nation with a miserable fate, everyone is struggling to reach the goal of seeking blessings. Throughout the many difficult paths of history, countless people have struggled to find blessings, but we have yet to meet anyone who claims to have found blessings that all of humanity universally desires or who has lived in such a place. Far from meeting such people, there has not even been a group that has raised a global call to construct blessings. Moreover, no one knows that blessings will be established in this world and that the day will come when we will live there. When we think about this, it is of utmost importance for us to understand what kind of life leads us to blessings and how we connect the issues of our life and death, reality, and future to blessings. If God had a solemn hope and ideology when He created this earth and human ancestors at the beginning, what would that have been? It would have been to live in a world of blessings. The ideology of blessings is the ideology that God had before the creation and the ideology He intended to establish at the time of creation. It was also the ideology that God, who has been providentially guiding history after the fall, had to restore humanity. When we think about the fact that God is behind history, we must recognize how much effort humanity has made to achieve blessings and how much God has strived for it. 
158   Humanity lost blessings due to the fall. God created Adam and hoped that the entire earth would unite with heaven, that God could not be absent, and that evil could not exist, thus becoming an eternal world of blessings. However, Adam fell during the process of pioneering the path of blessings, creating a sorrowful day, and since then, this world has fallen away from the original world it was meant to be. We cannot deny this fact. So, who was the one who lost blessings? It was our ancestors, Adam and Eve. You must understand that they fell. The important issue we must first resolve is how to return to the state Adam was in before the fall in order to find blessings again. To resolve this, we must understand the motivation behind Adam's loss of blessings. He did not believe God's word. He could not become a representative who could stand in place of God's word. Furthermore, he could not become a subject of heart who could embrace the universe from the position of the protagonist of blessings on behalf of God. We understand that this is what the fall is. Losing the true words of God that could establish a new law, failing to become someone who could keep, follow, and act according to that law, and failing to become the true protagonist of love who could govern the universe centered on that law is what the fall is. 
159   Because humanity lost the world of blessings due to the fall, countless figures throughout history have struggled and died to pioneer blessings, and history has unfolded as a history of bloody struggles until now, which we cannot deny. Adam was the total responsible person who was to sing happiness with God in blessings, valuing everything in heaven and earth like God and governing the created world on behalf of God. However, Adam failed to establish a position of unity with God, who created the world. That is the fall. We must understand that God has been striving since the day Adam fell to restore all of that. God, who should have called Adam with a hopeful heart from the position of fulfillment, had to call him from a sorrowful place where He could not fulfill His purpose. The day He called, "Adam! Adam!" was not a day to welcome Adam with joy. That day was the day blessings were lost, the day his personality was shattered, and the day the fortunes of heaven and earth were turned upside down. The word that God cried out with a sorrowful heart that day was, "Adam, where are you?" From that day on, God came out to find the lost blessings again. God left the name of blessings for the future and has been working through historical paths to achieve those blessings until now. On the sorrowful day Adam fell, God cried out in grief with the words, "Adam, where are you?" This was a lamentation and a cry that arose from the sorrow of losing blessings. How could God not be sorrowful and lament when facing Adam, who realized and confessed that his actions had betrayed the heavenly principles? We must once again feel God's sorrow. 
160   Therefore, for 6,000 years after Adam, God has run forth with a heartfelt desire to restore blessings, but humanity has been unable to unite before God's cries for the blessings He desires and could not find that path together. We must understand that this has also become God's sorrow and frustration. Forgetting the mission, God called Abraham to walk the path of restoration. The voice calling, "Abraham!" was not just calling one person. It was a cry that carried the heart of grievance that had been felt since Adam's time, seeking to find the blessings that had been lost, and at the same time, it was a voice calling forth the new owner of blessings, a voice to establish a family of blessings, a nation of blessings, and a world of blessings. However, Abraham, who bore the responsibility, did not realize that God's voice was a cry for blessings and a cry for the historical miseries to be resolved. The moment Abraham placed the offering on the altar was a moment of promise to establish the world of blessings and a decisive moment to resolve historical grievances. Yet, Abraham did not understand the true meaning of God's command to offer sacrifices, nor did he realize how precious the heavenly mission he had to bear was, and centered only on his own position, he offered sacrifices. Therefore, the act of not dividing the offering became a motive for God's sorrow again and later became the motive for Jesus' crucifixion, which we have learned through the principles. Abraham, who was called by God, was to manifest as a new prophet and ancestor who could govern the blessings of the dawn. However, when Abraham appeared before God, who was crying out for blessings, he did not have the attitude and character to bear all of that. We must once again reflect on this as a historical grievance.
161 Abraham had forgotten that he had the responsibility to establish a just law that could judge history and the times, and to build the world of future desires. Who would have thought that a small, uncut offering from Abraham would become the origin that disrupts the course of history? God came to Abraham, hoping for the day when the grief bound by Adam would be resolved through him, but once again found Himself in the position of having to call Abraham with a sad heart. Therefore, God commanded Abraham to offer his only son Isaac as a sacrifice. Who could have known the sorrowful situation of such a father? God's hope for the Israelite people, who were suffering in Egypt, was that they would not have to walk the troubled path from Noah to Abraham again, which is why they had to endure 400 years of sorrowful suffering in Egypt. The mistakes of those whom God called, that is, those who were to bear the responsibility of the times and the providence of the age, do not end with individual mistakes. They involve the overall issues of history, the entire era, and all future problems. However, neither Abraham himself nor the Israelite people were aware of this fact. They did not realize that, as the heavenly vanguard bearing the mission of pioneers, they had a responsibility to fulfill. Four thousand years ago, Egypt had a highly developed culture. The Israelite people entered such Egypt and lived in suffering for 400 years, and you must understand what God desired from them. God did not want them to simply end up as laborers who toiled in slavery, making bricks. The greater the grief, the greater the resentment, the more God wanted them to become those who resolved to trample upon the stronghold of their enemies. This was the life of the Israelite people who forgot God's heart. 

162 Welfare calls. The Israelite people had to have the spirit to say to the Egyptian officials who wielded whips over them, "One day, we will wield the whip against you. Although you are currently boasting about your culture to the world, one day we will establish a new culture that can trample upon that culture." They needed to be equipped with the greatest internal foundation. If they had done so, Israel's welfare and Canaan's welfare would have welcomed them, and there would have been no lingering grievances in history. The mistakes of Abraham as an individual should have been compensated by the entire Israelite nation, and they should have emerged with a strong ideological conviction to trample upon the stronghold of historical enemies. The Israelite people, who worshiped nature gods and sun gods, lost the spiritual foundation necessary to rise above the culture of Egypt and establish a new history and culture centered on the ideology of Judaism. Their desire ended merely in fleeing from Egypt to return to the welfare of Canaan. Canaan's welfare was calling. It was calling the Israelite people. However, it was not calling those who wanted to escape from the suffering of Egypt. It was calling a nation that could take revenge on the suffering of Egypt and rise above the cultural realm of their enemies. Today, our nation must also ignite the courage to step forward when the path of death approaches. Thus, we must embrace the grievances passed down from our ancestors and boldly decide to become the heroes for the establishment of a new Israel, moving toward the places that God commands and ordains. A nation lacking such a conviction will only face devastation, misery, division, and destruction. This is a historical fact. Why did God allow the Israelite people to suffer for 400 years? It was to enable them to establish a culture greater than that of Egypt and to have authority greater than that of the Egyptian people. However, the Israelite people, who did not understand God's original intention, could not avoid going astray.

163 The Israelite people were to create a new culture and a chosen people's rights, and through this era, they encountered the times of King Saul, King David, and King Solomon. Saul was raised before God and received solemn commands. Because he bore the mission as the representative of the founding of Israel, he could not go out only for his personal happiness. The greater the authority of the foreign nations scattered in the world of enemies, the more they had to become a nation equipped with greater authority to rise above it. Thus, they had to create a culture that surpassed the Roman culture of the time and establish that tradition. He also had to gather the scattered people, unify them, crush the enemies, and establish the rights of the chosen people capable of creating a new culture centered on a new ideology. To fulfill such a mission, he had to be filled with righteous indignation and resolve to alleviate historical grievances, but the steps taken by Saul and the Israelite people deviated from what God desired. Therefore, they moved toward a sorrowful path that left behind a history filled with grievances. David, too, should not have been satisfied merely with ascending to the throne; he had to establish a nation that could rise above Rome based on his kingship and build a national culture. When conquering foreign nations, he had to completely cut off their cultures without exception. Thus, he had to rise above Rome and wield the sword of truth before the enemies who had caused grievances for countless generations. This was the responsibility of Saul, David, and Solomon, but they failed to fulfill it. Although Solomon is praised as a figure who could glorify God in history, he was Solomon within the confines of his time, not the Solomon who could be praised beyond that era. The one who can be called by welfare, the one who can be the master of welfare, is not the one who sings of happiness in that time. He must rise above the history of that time and establish a new culture, commanding humanity to move toward that world.

164 Welfare calls. This was Solomon's responsibility. Solomon built the temple for offerings and gathered the patriarchs of Israel within that temple to boast of his kingship. Solomon's authority had to break and shatter all traces of cultures established by countless nations up to that time, removing all cultures formed through the connections of fallen races to establish a new culture. However, Solomon forgot this. Therefore, God's intention to be realized through Solomon could not help but shift toward those who were carrying such hopes. God has been advising through prophets and seers over thousands of years of historical progress. This was a call for the Israelite people to fulfill their national mission. Does the world know how to surrender before the Israelite people? They were given the mission to move toward welfare, so if there is opposition in front of that path, they were to overcome it. Why did God send Jesus to this earth? It was to resolve the grievances of seeking welfare, to alleviate the grievances of not living in welfare, and to heal God's grievances of not being praised in glory due to the loss of welfare. This was the mission of Jesus. In the Bible, there are many scenes where Jesus is crowded by the masses in the Jerusalem temple, entering into unjust situations. Seeing this, today’s Christians believe as if the suffering from the Garden of Gethsemane to the summit of Golgotha was natural, and they believe that Jesus came to be crucified. If that is the case, I think such a Jesus is unnecessary. Jesus should have been the one who could establish welfare and remove the culture of enemies to create a new cultural world, but due to the disbelief of the Jewish people, he could not become that Jesus. Because of this, Christians were persecuted in Rome for 400 years, and for the past 2,000 years, countless ancestors and forebears of faith have been executed. Yet, they worked with blood, sweat, and tears toward a single goal that heaven aims for. Even on the path of death, they cried out earnestly, "O God, let welfare be realized on this earth. Let the protagonist of welfare appear." This is the Christianity that has continued to connect the cries of grievances, rebuilding hope every time the altar of heaven collapses. Thus, today’s 20th-century Christian cultural world has been established. Will history end with this? No. Even now, democracy centered on Christian thought has not achieved welfare. Likewise, communism has not yet achieved welfare centered on its ideology. The welfare that all humanity desires cannot be achieved through the current democratic culture or communist culture. So how will welfare be achieved? A new culture must be created. When I visited America last time, I looked around the culture of today established on the basis of democratic thought and thought, "This is the center headquarters that can command the whole world. The new cultural world to be established in the future must be a world that can rise above this." I prayed for that. Why do we boast of the Empire State Building? It may be a point of pride for a passing era, but it cannot serve as a signpost or a tower in establishing a new world. You must understand that God's desire to establish a new world and a new history centered on a new culture of welfare is at a higher level than that.

166 Welfare calls. Today, our Unification Church carries the work that must be centered on such a purpose. In that sense, the Unification Church is necessary. No matter how much anyone opposes or persecutes us, we must go out saying, "Strike us if you will. Beat us until you run out of whips. But we will not perish." The Unification Church must be able to break through all the paths of historical sins, even to the summit of Golgotha. Based on a thorough ideology and truth that can trample upon any thought, we must realize our solemn mission to establish true people, true children, true families, and true love centered on God's heart, acting as personal representatives of that truth. Therefore, even if we are crowded and chased, we must establish a firm principle. I must not be bound in chains as an English body. Even if I am bound, there will come a day when it will automatically break. If this age does not recognize it, the future will. You must stand in a position where you can trample upon the schemes, desires, and goals of Satan with such an attitude and conviction. In that sense, when Jesus faced the three great temptations, he said, "Get behind me, Satan! Even if you give me all the glory of the world, I have something I desire. Will I dream of rest over such trivial matters?" He maintained that ideal even in suffering. It was because of such noble strength that Jesus triumphed in the three great temptations and was victorious on the summit of the cross. No matter how fierce the arrows of persecution rained down or how the cruel Roman soldiers bound his life, it did not matter. Such things were merely passing moments. Jesus had the conviction to rise above them, which allowed him to alleviate the fate of the world. Because that hope remains until today, the cultural world that the returning Jesus must establish still exists. So what kind of world was the cultural world that Jesus desired, that is, welfare? That world has not yet been realized. That world has brought forth no individual, church, denomination, or nation in our stead until today. When calling Abraham, welfare had to look sideways while calling him, and when dealing with the Israelite people, it had to welcome them with open arms, lifting both hands, saying, "Oh, nation we wanted to welcome!" but could not face them directly and had to meet them sideways. You must clearly understand that the larger that angle, the more difficult it was to welcome them. Nowadays, when we quietly observe the members of our Unification Church, we see them trying to establish their own base in the realistic environment and settle there, but that should not be the case. This is not a place for just one person. This place is connected to Abraham, the Israelite people, and Jesus. Although the path we walk may be miserable, if we, born as a single nation, establish a foundation on this three-thousand-ri peninsula, neither America nor the Soviet Union will be a problem. We are in a position where we have found the truth and ideology that cannot be exchanged for anything in the ages, which was lost due to Adam's betrayal of God. We must not just stand by and watch. We must keep the word in place of that ideology and become the signpost of the word. Thus, we must go forth with the conviction to destroy all barriers that we encounter in crossing over a completed barrier. God needs such a significant counterpart. The Israelite people, when their life in the wilderness became difficult and hard on the path of returning to Canaan, began to long for Egypt again over time. They longed for the land of Egypt, which should not even be thought of in dreams. They were caught in the snare of Satan. You must understand that the Israelite people could not surpass the standard that God desired. In the late 20th century, we must create a new cultural world. Now, unification is coming. Soon, all people will say, "The path of the Unification Church is...
168   Welfare calls; if you do not follow it, you cannot live. The cultural realm established by the Unification Church states, "If it is not me, there is no place for all humanity to live." The goal of Unification soldiers is to reach a position where they can do what they can. This is the direction that welfare desires, the person that welfare calls, the nation that welfare calls, and the country that welfare seeks. So how much further do we have to go for such a world of welfare to be realized? We must go through the trials of the 20th century. Looking back, if Noah had promised to walk the path of suffering for God, even if he did not receive blessings in his time, and if he had promised to endure for thousands and tens of thousands of years even in the face of death, would God have judged him? The same goes for Abraham and the people of Israel. They believed that the hope promised by God would be realized in their time. They did not know that welfare would come only after the historical era had passed and God's righteous judgment had ended; they were searching for welfare within that era. The people of Israel had to advance to a position where they could unite with God, surpassing the thoughts and ideologies of the world. However, because that did not happen, they faced consequences. So, why have you come to the Unification Church? You are not a group that came to believe and go to heaven. You are those who have sworn before heaven, prepared to face death while taking the path of suffering. You did not come here to center your daily life around a purpose of living day by day. You must clearly understand this. You must be able to make the position you are in now a foundation of rest. The teacher cannot be satisfied with the foundation that the Unification Church has established domestically today. The teacher does not envy America or the Soviet Union at all. No culture or ideology means anything to the teacher. Because I am alone, with nothing to connect me to this world, I have poured all my sincerity into creating a foundation of rest with my own hands and pioneering this work with my own strength. There has been no room to care about anything else. 

169 Adam fell while thinking centered on himself. Abraham also fell while dreaming of his own blessings, and the people of Israel fell while dreaming of their national blessings. Today, if Christianity dreams centered only on Christianity in this world, it will also fall. We must create a new culture that can step on the world and from there start seeking welfare, establishing some kind of crater. This is what the Unification Church aims for. In the future, the world will unite as the noun "unification" itself suggests. That day will be the end day. The last path to Golgotha that we must walk, you must clearly understand: the place where you are sleeping is not a place that betrays the cry of welfare, nor are your steps betraying the cry of welfare. This must be firmly remembered. Where is the last path to Golgotha that you must walk? It is not your workplace or your home. What you must know is that you have a destiny to walk based on the standards of the historical era. However, you must not disappear like the priests of old or the tribes of Israel. If that happens, you cannot step over this world. Your gaze must not be directed towards anything else. You must understand that your birth and your life are solely for that one supreme purpose. When you see someone stumbling in defeat, you should think, "If you are going to stumble, then perish quickly," or "If I find myself in such a position, I will prepare for revenge without sleeping." You must become someone who can self-reflect, stimulate yourself, and know how to move forward. Where are you now? Are you trying to stay in the Unification Church? Is such a person a true Unificationist? You must think about where you will go today and what you will do when you get there. 

170   Welfare calls. The teacher once said, "Let us block the Pacific!" You must understand that such words came from a single-minded purpose. After following the Unification Church for over a decade, or half a lifetime, if the outcome is miserable, what will happen? God sees those who sigh centered on themselves and their children. God is lamenting. If God is wishing for something but is in a position of self-pity, then they must perish. If they do not perish, the teacher will make them perish by force. You must know that those who must go with such determination and standards are the soldiers of unification. Welfare is calling. Have you ever felt anger while going out to evangelize? Every time you do, you should think, "Let's wait a few years. If that doesn't work, let's wait a few decades or even hundreds of years." You must be armed with such thorough ideology to be responsible for what history and the times desire. When I observe you, you seem to be self-centered and complaining; such people are all gray figures. Such people become traitors. You must think again. Welfare is calling. God has sought to establish a person who can achieve the welfare that Adam could not achieve for 6,000 years, but humanity has not yet accomplished that welfare. Our ancestors walked this path of restoration but did not achieve it, and countless saints and sages have struggled toward this goal but have not accomplished it. Jesus also came to this earth hoping for a new cultural world toward this goal but did not achieve it. However, that world must inevitably be realized. If it is not realized, the fallen world will continue as it is, and the new world that God wishes to establish will ultimately not be realized on this earth. 

171 Therefore, we must go out with the ambition to realize that world. Where can we find rest? We must go over the hill of death. The valley we must cross is Golgotha. We must fight there and, after victory, cross another hill. However, to cross again, we must create something new while crossing. The issue is not merely winning; the issue is how to reorganize and create God's world again. To do that, you must first seek the truth. Because of the fall, we lost the truth, lost everything spiritual, and lost our hearts. The ideology you possess is one that cannot be led by anything in the world. Even if Satan tempts and deceives, it is an ideology that cannot be led or compromised. Therefore, Jesus was clearly resolute against Satan and evil. Welfare is realized through truth, personality, and heart. You must seek the truth armed with such an ideology. Throughout history, countless nations have died seeking the truth, and many martyrs have sacrificed themselves. Have you ever prepared for death to seek the truth? How much have you endured the path of suffering? Even if a global cross blocks the way while carrying the shield of truth, you must be able to step forward. You must have the ability to clear away all the tangled thoughts of the world, eliminate social corruption, and defeat all the strongholds of evil established by Satan. We need such people. And you must possess a personality that can confront Satan with the truth centered on God's true words, smashing false words and even subduing the souls of Satan. Humans who were led by Satan cannot go before God without possessing such a personality that can subdue Satan centered on God's heart. 

172   Welfare calls. After acquiring a personality, what must you do? You must establish a heart. Only on the foundation of a heart can Abraham find rest, Moses find rest, and countless people of Israel find rest. It becomes the foundation on which Jesus and all humanity can also find rest. A person supported by that heart can rise to the position of spiritual parents on behalf of all people, and when they rise to the position of parents, they will acquire the heart of a parent. The trials the Unification Church must overcome are the steep paths that no ideology or thought in the world can surpass, paths that neither the democratic world nor the communist world can cross. We must walk the path they cannot walk and do what they cannot do. To do this, you must not stop in this place today. The position you are standing in is not a foundation of rest. It is a process toward welfare. We have a destiny to fulfill on personal, familial, tribal, national, and even global levels. We must look toward a foundation of rest and cross over this world to establish a new cultural world. And we must set up a new tradition and standard of history. Otherwise, we cannot become individuals called by welfare, nor can we become families, nations, or denominations called by welfare, nor can we become peoples, countries, or worlds called by welfare. You must all fight with all your sincerity for this purpose. <Prayer> Father, we know that the history of Korea has been a history of sorrow. Because that was the destiny of this country, we know that from the beginning until now, you have walked the highest path of Golgotha that you desire. We know that you granted the victory to this nation centered on Goguryeo, and if this nation had fulfilled its responsibilities, it would not have to face a sorrowful destiny today. Whenever this nation wished for something, whenever this nation could be awakened, it has continued down a history of falling. Thinking of this nation's history from the liberation of August 15 until now, we believe that we have entered a realm where we can completely offer ourselves to you after overcoming difficult circumstances. If there is no new hope for this nation, and if the origin of the start of establishing this nation is not from you, then there would be no God in this nation, and this nation would have faced a miserable end. You have allowed this nation to lose its country and its ideals, and you have divided this nation without mercy along the 38th parallel. However, we come to realize that this was your will to help us find everything completely. Knowing that your providential hand is behind us, we now once again prepare ourselves to build an altar of atonement before you and to receive forgiveness for all the sins of our ancestors so that we can stand before this era in a new attire and emerge as warriors of this era called by welfare. We have not even been able to have affection for the lost nation, nor have we lost our affection for our own lives and existence, and we understand that this is because of your will to give us something greater. We also realize that leading us to such a pitiful position where we trample on our own lives was to show us your supreme authority over life. We cannot help but be grateful for your hidden hand, Father. Even if the path we walk is the path of the cross and the path of tears, let us become a new Israel that can struggle and fight to fulfill the world of hope to resolve the grievances of Israel. When we look at the miserable state of the democratic world established by Christianity, we must be able to step over this world and create a new culture. To do this, we must know the deep taste of the valley of your sorrow and feel your heart of earnest longing, so that we can approach the position where you can hold us and weep for us. Now we have learned that we stand close to inheriting the highest position that you desire. However, we must not end with just learning. At this time, let it be a time to reaffirm that each of us must become individuals who can inherit that in reality and confront it before you. Welfare has been crying out before the eyes of people since the time of Adam, and even now it is urging our steps and crying out, so we must be true.
175 To establish the foundation of a true nation and a true world, you must fight with determination centered on your wishes. Please let us understand that this is the duty of a unification soldier. May your children gathered here today not remain in the process of seeking a place of rest. Water that remains stagnant in one place will rot or evaporate. Only the flowing stream that rushes forward can reach its destination, so may your children, who have flowed out like the water that has fulfilled their responsibilities until now, be able to walk this path to the end. In walking this path, let them recognize the difficulties they encounter as trials that must manifest above all creation, understanding them as the destiny of the church and the destiny of the world, and may they become victorious warriors who can gladly accept them. Thus, may they become true ancestors who can establish the welfare culture of the new era that must be founded and leave it as a tradition for future generations, Father, we earnestly hope and wish for this. Please do not let our steps stop at the mid-point of the mountain we must cross, and may we be your sons and daughters who leap over and over again, rushing toward the main road. As a quarter of 1966 has already passed, we must struggle to fulfill what you have commanded this year. For that, may we become children who can offer ourselves as sacrifices before you, commanding and whipping ourselves forward, and may we pledge once again at this time that we will take up the great cross of hope for tomorrow, competing to be the first to bear it. According to your wish to pass on the foundation of welfare, may we inherit it and prepare a foundation where you can rest, and may we be those who can create a welfare that your children of all ages can eternally praise as the welfare of rest. My Father, I earnestly hope for this. May you take charge of all that is on this day, and may all the lives that have come to this place cooperate in fulfilling your will and resolving the sorrow of restoration, contributing to the welfare that calls upon you. All these words I pray in the name of True Parents. Amen. *

11) Day of Hopeful Parents
As you know, today is Parents' Day. Centered around March 1960, we set a new day that had never existed in history, and that day is Parents' Day. This day must be welcomed with joy from heaven and earth. The days lost due to the fall—if our ancestors Adam and Eve had not fallen, we would have already celebrated Parents' Day. However, because Adam and Eve fell, true parents must first come to this earth for us to celebrate Parents' Day. Only then can we celebrate Children's Day after having children born from the True Parents based on that day. When that happens, we will also be able to celebrate the day when we can govern all creation. God promised such days to the unfallen human ancestors. However, due to the fall of human ancestors, we have been unable to celebrate Parents' Day, Children's Day, and the Day of All Creation, which were the ideal of God's creation. Therefore, God, as the one who has completed the purpose of creation, could rejoice on March 22, 1966 (Tuesday) at 10 a.m., at the headquarters church. * These words were spoken at the 7th Parents' Day (Lunar March 1) commemorative ceremony and were compiled from issues of <Seonghwa> No. 54 (April 1, 1966), No. 55 (May 1, 1966), No. 56 (June 1, 1966), No. 58 (August 1966), No. 59 (September 1966), and No. 61 (December 1966), with the title added by the editor.

178 The Day of Hopeful Parents has not been a day we could boast about. Of course, the fall of Adam and Eve was the state of losing God, but because of their fall, God also lost Parents' Day, Children's Day, and the Day of All Creation. Thus, God lost all the days He hoped for. Among the days God hoped for were the day when there are parents in the created world, the day when there is a family centered around those parents, and the day when there is one tribe, nation, and world centered around that family. However, without being able to celebrate those glorious days, the history of humanity has been woven into a history of the fall, becoming an evil world, evil nations, evil peoples, evil tribes, evil families, and evil individuals. These are not the original purpose of creation that God hoped for, so God will not leave them as they are. Then who is the culprit that created such evil? It is Satan. Therefore, we must restore this satanic world back to God's side. We must establish the world that God desires. To do this, we must fight to uplift the evil world, and we must ascend to the good world in contrast to how Satan established the evil world. That is why God has carried out the providence of salvation through three stages over 6,000 years of history. Thus, we have passed through the age of servants in the Old Testament and the age of adopted children in the New Testament, arriving at the age of the covenant. In the age of the covenant, children must appear to prepare a place for parents and must serve the parents. Until now, God has been carrying out this restoration history. 

The Savior as a Parent
The ultimate purpose of Jesus, who came to this earth 2,000 years ago, was not to save servants. It was not to save adopted children either. Then what purpose did Jesus come for? He came with the highest purpose of saving all created beings, coming as a Savior with the heart of a parent. If someone you truly love fell into the water, you would want to save them first. If a beloved son fell into the water, which parent would send a servant to save their son? If there is such a parent, that parent would not truly love their son. Likewise, if a parent had a youngest son who fell into the water and sent his older brother to save him, that parent would also not be a loving parent. Such parents do not exist. From the perspective of God's heart, what kind of Savior does the fallen humanity, in a state like drowning, need? They need a Savior as a parent. If God truly loves fallen humanity, from what position would He want to save them? God wants to save humanity from the position of a parent. This is also the reason why God established the Messiah on this earth to carry out the providence of salvation. Therefore, before Jesus began his three-year public ministry in Nazareth, what did he need to have? It was the position of a parent. He needed to become Jesus as the Messiah. He was not a being who represented the Messiah. Thus, you must understand that he had to first establish the position of a parent. He had to become the true ancestor for humanity, the true parent. However, because he could not become the true parent, those born until today with the bloodline of false parents have not been able to connect with the True Parents and have never experienced the love of the True Parents. Just like Jesus, who had to find a bride first, God cannot establish those who are born of different bloodlines, that is, those who have not passed through the bloodline of the True Parents, as direct children. Because the bloodline that must face God is connected to a bloodline that God does not desire, no matter how much effort and sincerity humans put in, when they go before God, they can only become adopted children, not true sons and daughters. It is a sorrowful story. That is why, as recorded in Romans, we can only call God ‘Abba Father’ in the name of adopted children, and that too has been made possible because of Jesus. Although Jesus has already come and gone, when many people today receive salvation, the highest standard can only be that of an adopted child. Then what is an adopted child? An adopted child is one who has a different bloodline. Having lost the True Parents and connected with false parents, unless the root is cut off, one cannot become a true son. Therefore, after 4,000 years of history following the fall, Jesus came. To be born again, there must be parents. Without parents, one cannot give birth to children. That is why God sent Jesus as the Messiah to this earth. So what did Jesus have to do when he came? He had to become the True Parent to save the countless humans living on this earth. To do this, he had to find a bride. The twelve disciples were not the issue. He had to find a bride first. However, after walking the paths of the first, second, and third stages, because Jesus could not find a bride, he had no choice but to set the twelve apostles in the position of children. This content is not found in the Bible. To save humanity and to give birth to humanity again, Jesus had to find a bride. He needed the Holy Spirit. That is why Jesus said to Nicodemus, “Unless one is born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.” (John 3:3) To this, Nicodemus replied, “How can a man be born when he is old? Can he enter a second time into his mother's womb and be born?” (John 3:4) Then Jesus lamented, “Are you the teacher of Israel, and do not know these things?” (John 3:10). Humanity must be born again centered on Jesus and the Holy Spirit. Since Satan has taken everything away, humanity must be born again centered on God. Without being reborn through the bloodline of the True Parents and establishing a heartistic foundation, one cannot stand before the heavenly principles. Therefore, Jesus had to establish a principled foundation, that is, the foundation of parents. To become a parent, he had to first find and establish a bride. It was not the purpose to find the twelve disciples. However, that got reversed. Thus, it required hundreds of times more effort. Who is Jesus? He is the Second Adam who came in place of Adam. That is why he had to find the bride, Eve. Only then could he restore the lost position of parents. He had to find someone who could work together for God to restore what was lost. 

The Mission of the Bride
The man represents heaven, and the woman represents the earth. Jesus came as the bridegroom representing all men, so he had to find a bride. However, the Israelites at the time did not understand Jesus' will. The disciples also could not cooperate because they did not understand this will. Originally, this was to be accomplished in the family of Joseph, but because it could not be done, Jesus could not become the True Parent. The family of Joseph had to realize that God had blessed his family after 4,000 years of providence and had to fulfill that responsibility with a sense of total responsibility for the times. Moreover, it was Jesus' mission to find and fulfill God's will through the family of Joseph. Therefore, Jesus questioned his parents three times. However, his parents, who did not understand the will, ultimately could not comprehend Jesus' will. Thus, Jesus was betrayed by his family and lost his family. Having become such, Jesus had to create a new family to fulfill God's will. When even the Israelite nation did not believe in Jesus, he could not unfold his will in the family of Joseph and the nation of Judah, and he was pursued and chased by them. That is why God took Jesus away. Jesus had to find a bride on this earth and establish the connection of True Parents to set the Day of Parents before the world and God. However, what would have been Jesus' heart when he left this world without fulfilling that will? Today, we must understand this. According to the principle of indemnity and restoration, parents must come forth. If at that time Jesus had sought a bride from the position of a bachelor, how wonderful would that have been? However, Jesus came from a position where he could not fulfill the stages of restoration that needed to be accomplished—rebirth, growth, and perfection—so he had to lay the foundation of victory by overcoming all of this. In establishing the foundation of victory both internally and externally, he had to first settle the sins through the opposite path that had fallen because of Eve. To do this, Jesus had to prepare the bridal chamber and find a bride. Nevertheless, because he could not do this, Jesus fasted and prayed. This became God's sorrow and Jesus' sorrow. Because saving humanity was the hope and purpose, Jesus, who left without fulfilling that will, must return. Then what must Jesus do first when he returns? It is not to meet the disciples. He must find a bride. This bride is the Christian community that has been waiting and preparing for the bridegroom to come in the position of the bride on behalf of all humanity. Because the Israelite nation could not fulfill their responsibility toward Jesus, the 4,000 years of history was extended by 2,000 years, and humanity had to walk the path of global indemnity once again. This path is also a path of preparing the foundation of a global bride, so the Lord who is to come again must find a bride. Jesus came to this earth as the Second Adam. The Holy Spirit also came to this earth but could not take on the body of a bride. If you go to the spirit world, the Holy Spirit is the Mother God. When Jesus establishes the reality on this earth, the bride must know all the contents of the heavenly principles and, thus, fulfill the qualifications of a bride in the truth, waiting for the Messiah to come as a bride and preparing to welcome him. Therefore, one family must be prepared, one nation must be prepared, and the world must be prepared. This is the responsibility of the bride. That is why, entering the 1960s, the women's movement is being launched globally. Women must solve what men cannot solve. Even if there are many people on this earth, all are fallen descendants born with the bloodline of evil.
183 The participation that can express a motherly love must emerge at door 183. As the end approaches, the time for such representative beings to appear draws closer, which is why a global women's movement is taking place. In advanced countries like the United States, there are instances where women slap men. Now, many women can surpass men. The end times are when women can restore what has fallen, and therefore, in this end time, women are in a position to represent the natural Eve. Parents' Day is the day humanity longs for. Today, with the liberation of women, they have come to stand in such positions, so true mothers must emerge in this time. We must be able to serve that mother on the earth. Isn't that right? Humanity is coming to seek God in this time, so a bride must be established on the earth. Without parents, there can be no children, and without children, there can be no families; without families, there can be no tribes, without tribes, there can be no nations, and without nations, there can be no world. Centered on God's love, that is, parental love, Adam and Eve must welcome God to finally find the world and all people created by God. However, this mission was not fulfilled in Adam's family or Joseph's family. Therefore, we must reorganize this and create a new world through the overall will of God. We must welcome the Messiah through this ideology, but this world has divided into two ideologies centered on Cain and Abel. Thus, we must establish everything for the Messiah on this earth. Can we love Jesus as a man, as a bridegroom? Can men love? How can men become brides? However, through the relationship of bride and groom, the providence of salvation to establish all people before God must be fulfilled. Both men and women must stand in the position of bride before the Lord.

184 Parents' Day of hope. However, not everyone can become a bride. Not everyone who participates in a marathon can come in first place. While everyone is given the right to come in first just by running, only those who cross the finish line first become the ultimate victors. Similarly, while everyone has received permission to become a bride, if they are not chosen by God, they cannot become a bride. One must be chosen as a bride by God to truly become a bride. Then, among the many candidates for brides, whom does God choose? He comes to find those who welcome the Lord. What is a bride? I find the term "bride" unpleasant. The term "bride" arose because of the fall. It exists because of the fall. If there had been no fall, the term "bride" would not be necessary. Then, who is the Lord who comes and what does He come to do? He comes to save those who are drowning, to rescue humanity from death, to find the mother of humanity. Therefore, the returning Lord must come as a Father. The reason the center of Christian thought is based on love is here. What is the center of Jesus? It is love. Therefore, the Lord comes as a bridegroom who must establish a relationship with the bride. What day must be found again after 6,000 years of the fall? It is the day when God performs the work of salvation, and the day when humanity finds the lost parents. It is the day when the saints seek God and find their parents. From that day, humanity must live according to the laws of heaven. Throughout history, there have been many events. Among them, how joyful it would be if a leader could emerge who loves the nation from the position of a parent when a national emergency arises from a miserable fate and can restore the nation's sovereignty! There have been many days when humanity thought they had achieved victory. However, there has been no day that all of creation has longed for. The day humanity meets the True Parents is the day that all of creation longs for. Today's humanity is in a fate where they must groan in eternal unhappiness because they are born with the lineage of the fall. However, humans have the hope that they can welcome God on this earth and enjoy happiness and glory. So, what is the greatest hope among these hopes? It is the day of Parents. Without going through Parents' Day, one cannot go to the kingdom of heaven, nor can one find God. What does Christianity hope for today? It hopes for the day of the Lamb's feast. However, you must understand that the day they are hoping for is precisely Parents' Day. Parents' Day exists for all humanity. Yet, when have you ever become a sacrifice for the world and for the nation that should celebrate Parents' Day? When have you ever struggled for heaven? Haven't you all believed in Jesus just for your own well-being and comfort? Haven't you prayed just for yourself? Haven't you come to church to ensure your own children live well? It is worth reflecting on. Fallen humanity needs True Parents. Right now, this world needs the sons and daughters of God who can liberate all people and bring happiness to all people in place of God. The purpose of Jesus coming to this earth was also here. The day that heaven and earth long for is Parents' Day. Today, Christianity is spread across the world, but what day do they hope for? It is the day of the Lamb's feast. That day is Parents' Day. Even if one has grown up, one must be reborn and welcome their parents. Until you celebrate Parents' Day, no matter how well you believe, you can only stand before God as an adopted child. However, when Jesus returns, He will come as a Father, carrying out the mission of the Father. You must understand that the Father will come with the mission of the Father. Many races and nations scattered across the world have celebrated many holidays, but they have not yet celebrated Parents' Day. However, centered around 1960, Parents' Day was established on this earth, in our Korea. We must understand that this day is more joyful than the day Korea was liberated or any day that the world can rejoice. This Parents' Day was established by the followers of the Unification Church, who were chased and persecuted. How grateful is that? Without this day, we cannot resolve the grievances of the universe. Without this day, we cannot fulfill God's will. Without this day being established, we cannot lay the foundation for God's victory on this earth, which is the world of Satan. This day is the day when God decides the day of victory, and it is the day when the saints can be liberated. It is also the day when the wishes and ideals of the universe become one, and the day when heaven and earth are transformed. If True Parents are present on this earth today, they are not parents for any individual. It is through those parents that all families can exist, and it is through those parents that tribes, nations, and the world can exist. Everything exists through the connection with Parents' Day. Therefore, the person who possesses True Parents is like the one who possesses the entire world and can feel the glory of heaven like a sovereign of any nation. For this reason, Parents' Day is a day that heaven and earth must praise and commemorate, and it is a day that all people must not forget.

185 A new world is created through love. Through True Parents, the historical events that Adam and Eve hoped for will unfold, and the fallen world will disappear, giving rise to a new world built on love. To do this, we must take back the global landscape occupied by the historical Satan. Until now, religion has been responsible for the fight to reclaim this. For this, religious people have cultivated their paths and prayed. The Messiah, who came as the Father of humanity, was crucified, so the Father of humanity must come again. For this, religious people had to pray and cultivate their paths. Thus, we must welcome the returning Father of humanity. Therefore, we must achieve a global victory against Satan, who holds the power of the air. Only then can we restore the world. For this, there must be a battle between good and evil in this universe. The reason that calamities, famines, and turmoil have been continuously occurring worldwide for the past 40 years or 120 years is also here. What we must understand is that as the end approaches, all of humanity is becoming more individualistic. This signifies that the world is heading towards destruction. It is gradually becoming more materialistic. This is evidence that it is becoming materialistic centered around Satan. The democratic world and the communist world possess the authority and prestige of global nations, but they will not be able to continue to boast of that power. The global trend has emerged in the form centered around nations since 1960, transitioning from a form centered around ideologies. Global communism has split into national communism and ethnic communism. This is why the Soviet Union and China are fighting. Originally, God's sovereignty centered on Adam should have been established on this earth, the eternal sovereignty of heaven. A world centered on God should have been established, where everything harmonizes and revolves as one. However, that was not achieved, and instead, a sovereignty centered on Satan was established. Therefore, while Satan has nations and peoples, God has no nations and peoples. Everything has been turned upside down. Thus, a battle must be fought to restore the original world. In every era, environment, society, and nation, God has not been welcomed, which is why Christianity has faced tearful opposition and persecution. Therefore, God's strategy is to reclaim and take back. So today, 

186 we, who are on the path of restoration, must align ourselves personally, nationally, and globally, and return our loyalty to God. Centered on True Parents, Adam and Eve turned away from God, but we must establish a global conviction that we will not betray God, no matter what storms may come. In other words, we must be able to restore individuals. Thus, we must restore everything lost due to Satan, namely families, tribes, nations, and the entire world, to God's side. Just as Jacob's family longed for all the blessings of heaven and earth, or as the Israelite people longed for the welfare of Canaan, no matter how much trials and suffering may swirl around us, we must endure until we achieve that goal. Even if Christianity has established a foundation for national and global endeavors in the past, that is only a foundation as an adopted child. Can we be satisfied with being adopted? We cannot. All of humanity must be in a position to welcome True Parents and must establish everything centered on the love of True Parents. Only then can we finally possess the love of parents and the love of children. To do this, brothers who receive the love of True Parents must unite on this earth and establish everything together. We must be able to settle all the historical grievances centered on True Parents. Thus, the joy of welcoming True Parents must be praised by all races, and their hearts must burst forth with love to eliminate the numerous sufferings in this world. Only then can God finally rest. So, who can accomplish such things? Only the nation or country that can celebrate Parents' Day can achieve this. If there is a land that can celebrate Parents' Day, that land will become a place that can save the world. As the children who receive the love of True Parents appear to celebrate Parents' Day, they must resolve the many grievances created by Adam and Eve, eliminate the realm of Satan, and restore the world of goodness. To do this, first, the language must be unified. The languages and lifestyles of the world must be unified, and culture must also be unified. We must achieve one ideology, one belief, and one lifestyle centered on True Parents. Life must begin on such a foundation. Yet, there has never been an era or a nation that has experienced such a unified life, so in this day and age, a new foundation must be established. The day that pleases God is the day that humanity must rejoice. The hymn "Heavenly Warriors" states in verse 4, "The brilliant culture coming to the East," and similarly, Korea in the East was not an aggressive nation. It was not a nation with a culture that ravages history. True Parents come with true love that protects history and eliminates invaders. You must clearly understand that the mission of religion is to establish such laws and contribute to humanity. True Parents must come to this earth and resolve the grievances between Cain and Abel centered on Adam and Eve. Thus, hearts must arise where brothers embrace brothers, where brothers stand in for brothers, and where friends are willing to walk the path of death for one another. Hearts that wish to save all people must emerge, allowing for friendship with all of humanity. Only then can a new living foundation be established. A parent capable of accomplishing such things centered on God's will must emerge. Just as there is a day when a person is born, there must be a day when such a parent can emerge. Today, we have gathered here for that day. Parents' Day, this term is very simple. However, we must understand that there are unspeakable tears and stories behind reaching this day. Although they can embrace all people, they have not yet celebrated Parents' Day, and historical grievances remain, so we must pray for that day. Jesus prayed on the path of the cross, "May the day of hope come soon."
190   We must recognize the fact that the Day of Parents of Hope has passed away. Until today, Christianity has walked a path of blood and tears. Even at the moment of His death, Jesus prayed before God, saying, "Abba, Father! Let that day come." He longed for the day when God would eliminate the historical Satan and repay the historical enemy to restore the world of goodness. One such day of hope is the Day of Parents. It is a day that God rejoices in unspeakably, and humanity should rejoice in it unspeakably as well. However, without truly experiencing sorrow, one cannot experience joy, which is why God has led the Unification Church down a path of adversity until today. He has guided us along a path of tears and pain, pushing us into the mountains and rugged terrains. Those who have avoided such a path until now have all fallen. However, those who have cherished and walked this path, seeking the land of their homeland, those who have lived knowing that there is no other way, have been led by God. If one has walked this path for ten years, that decade is a decade filled with sorrow, a decade that can empathize with the historical indemnity, a decade like the one in which Jesus shed His blood on the cross, and you must understand this fact. Because we have emerged from such a sorrowful path to meet this day, God must rejoice, and humanity must rejoice. It is not joyful to seek diamonds. Such things must be left behind. Originally, we must walk with true love centered on the relationship with True Parents. Otherwise, no matter how good the conditions and environment may be, we cannot establish a nation that has a relationship with True Parents centered on God, which has eternal laws spanning thousands and tens of thousands of generations. That place is the foundation that represents God's heart and the foundation of eternal life. The relationships formed there continue forever from birth to death. Without True Parents, one can never face God. The laws of heaven and the foundation of heaven cannot be established without True Parents. Even after death, one cannot face the laws of heaven without True Parents. 

191   For this reason, all of humanity must seek True Parents. We must begin a new life through True Parents. This is true for Christianity, Buddhism, and even Confucianism, which still has a destiny of restoration to seek True Parents. You must understand that there is a universal standard of purpose remaining. What is the difference between the living and the dead in order to be a filial child? Being alive means receiving sunlight and growing through that sunlight. The same applies to you. The closer the time comes, if your heart is joyful, you are alive; if your emotional standard is withered and twisted, and your freedom is bound, you are like a dead person. The more emotional ties a parent has, the more they think of their children when difficult times come. Therefore, for the 3 billion people living on this earth who do not realize that morning has come, you good people who have welcomed this day must put forth all your sincerity. As the time for hope draws nearer, you must become those who move to die on the cross. You cannot fulfill your role as a person by following the declining sun. You must be those who can welcome the new day toward the rising sun, those who can first greet the rising sunlight. Those who can move forward following the rising sun are the true members of the Unification Church. Today is the Day of Parents. If you are to be filial children, you must know what kind of people your parents are. Do you truly know what kind of people your parents are? Have you ever thought about whether you know them through teachings or truly know them? You are walking the path of filial sons and daughters in the Unification Church. However, you were like children who urinate and defecate. You were children who bit and sucked on your mother's breast. And yet, you grew up receiving your parents' love.

192   It is the Day of Parents of Hope. If there is the highest philosophy in this world, it would be the philosophy of parents. The philosophy of parents is the highest. Now you are no longer children. You must all learn. That is what your parents desire. You were born through your mother's womb, but you are adopted sons and daughters. Therefore, you must be loyal before those parents. If you become parents yourselves, the hope for sons-in-law will be realized. However, you alone cannot have children of heaven. In order to have children of heaven, heavenly parents must first come forth. However, in order for such parents to appear, the eldest son must come forth first. This is because Cain, who was the eldest son, betrayed heaven, so you must step back on the path of Cain who rebelled before God to rise to a position where you can represent God. Thus, you must fulfill the hope for sons-in-law. Until then, you are all babies. You are babies. Therefore, no matter how successful or capable someone is in the world, they must have a heart like that of a baby. Thus, you must come out again through your mother's womb and your father's bones. The seed of a baby is in the mother's womb. It is also in the father, right? It is in the father's bones. Therefore, the baby comes out through the father's bones and the mother's womb. Then how is a baby made? It is made through the father and mother. You must understand that you were made through your father's bones and your mother's womb. History is interesting. Cain and Abel must fight centered on the path of indemnity and restoration. That is why Esau and Jacob fought even while they were twins in the womb. Perez also fought with Zerah from the womb. This is because Satan must be separated from there. Satan must not be able to accuse from there. Just as the person on Cain's side came out first, communism came out first. It must come out first to be chased away. Only then can God's side achieve victory. Originally, Jesus should not have been interfered with by Satan from the time he was in his mother Mary's womb. Because there was a period of growth in which he fought in the womb of Mary, Satan could not accuse him from the womb. If Satan cannot accuse, he can become the Messiah. The Messiah has a historical foundation and a standard of heart that grows in the womb. Therefore, the Messiah is originally not to be accused by Satan from the time of infancy. The Messiah born from such a position walks the path of indemnity, but must first walk according to the law. Today, in order for you to walk the path of indemnity, you must similarly seek the law. You must meet your parents and become a child, and then you must seek the law of your father and mother. However, since you have not found all those conditions, you must take the son in the womb as a sacrifice and place that son in an Abel-like position, loving him from a Cain-like position. This struggle has been centered on the teacher's family since 1960 and continues to this day. Centered on the hope for sons-in-law, if one brother eats barley rice, the other brothers must also eat barley rice, and if one brother suffers, all the other brothers must suffer. Thus, based on the Day of Parents, you must walk the path of indemnity and restoration through the opposite path of the fallen route. Today, walking this path of restoration is religion. Only when religion walks this path can the path of indemnity and restoration centered on the hope for sons-in-law begin. As religious people, we must prepare a foundation to establish a global foundation here. Even if we are persecuted by this nation and humanity, we must fight to prepare such a global foundation. From this perspective, you must understand how joyful it is to celebrate the Day of Parents today, and you should regard participating in it as a great joy. When have you ever honored your parents? When have you ever had loving parents?

194   It is the Day of Parents of Hope. In the indemnity and restoration of Cain and Abel, Cain came out first, and Abel came out later. Therefore, according to the laws of heaven, we must restore the birthright through Abel. You must offer loyalty representing everything in the world before the later-born child from the perspective of the child who came out first before your parents. Can you do that? Only then can you achieve indemnity and restoration. Adam and Eve lost everything due to their fall, and Satan took it away. However, in the case of Cain and Abel, according to the law of indemnity, Cain, who came out first on Satan's side, had to be made to submit before Abel on God's side and offered to God. However, since they also fell, in order to restore this today, you must love and support the later-born child. Only then can you serve your parents. Blessed families must sincerely serve the Lord's sons and daughters in the future. Only when the standard to serve them is established can you indemnify and restore Jesus' sorrow. The Day of Parents must be a day when heaven and earth, the entire universe can harmonize. The first Israel could not fulfill its responsibility, which is why Jesus died, and the second Israel receives that indemnity. According to the law of indemnity and restoration, you are the second Israel. Therefore, you must stand on the starting point of the second Israel and serve the Messiah. The fact that the teacher has made a new start in the land of Korea is due to the history of restoration. In order to do this, one cannot start from a comfortable position. Even if 30 million oppose it, one must break through and walk this path from 20 years ago. The fact that our church has emerged today is by no means a coincidence. You must understand that our church has emerged based on the heavenly principle. From this perspective, you are the workers laying the foundation to serve God. You are the warriors to fulfill the heavenly mission.

195 What should the Day of Parents be like? The Day of Parents should not be just for the Unification Church. It cannot be satisfied as a Day of Parents for Korea alone. A Day of Parents for the world? That cannot fulfill its meaning either. It must be a day when heaven and earth, the entire universe can harmonize, a day when God and the entire universe can rejoice together. Our struggle is not over yet. Since enemies remain, a plan for indemnity must first be established to bring them all down. Therefore, we cannot have a personal Day of Parents. We have fought to develop a personal Day of Parents into a tribal Day of Parents, and to develop a tribal Day of Parents into a national Day of Parents. We must establish a national Day of Parents into a world Day of Parents, and a world Day of Parents into a cosmic Day of Parents. Therefore, the fight that must be done for that still lies ahead of us. You must understand that the path to be taken, centered on the seven-year course, is the path toward the world stage. Then, what will the future world be like? Global communism is descending into national communism, and national communism is descending into ethnic communism. What was originally one is continually dividing. Thus, the nations of Cain and Abel have been divided, and in the future, there will be a struggle among the communist nations of Cain. In that case, on Satan's side, absolute individualism will emerge, and on God's side, globalism will be proclaimed, ultimately leading to unity. In other words, in the world established on God's side, this world is my world, this land is my land, and this humanity is my humanity, and it will be a world where one can possess everything. Do you understand what that means? Only then can we reclaim what was lost to Satan by walking the opposite path. It means that we will find our way back from the individual who formed the world of Satan to the tribal and national world in reverse order. Therefore, we must prepare for the global and fight to win against the world of Satan.

196   It is the Day of Parents of Hope. So when did this begin? It started in 1960. From then on, China and the Soviet Union began to separate, becoming a matter of global interest. Today, our ideology surpasses the ideology of communism. Therefore, we must determine the victory or defeat of this ideological world. This work must begin with one person. Centered on one person, the tribe, nation, and world must be restored. You must go out to the stage of completing the national level. Now, the issue is how to deal with the 30 million people of this nation. It is a time when we must unite around the mission of the times. To stand as a true human being, the people of the world in a chaotic era are increasingly falling into darkness as time goes on. In such a time of global confusion, we must lead them together with new strength. How can we lead them together? It must be done through Christianity. We cannot do it with anything from the Western way of life. We must do this work. Right? You must understand these historical facts. The Unification Church is preparing for this now. There will come a time when Americans will long for the Unification Church. How wonderful will that be when that time comes? That time will come. Thinking of this, the teacher always prepares ahead. Now, the time for managing the members has already passed. The issue is how to deal with those who oppose. The teacher thinks about whether those who persecuted me in the past are still alive. We cannot help but have the heart of a parent. Because we know our parents, know their wishes, and know the Day of Parents, we cannot go out without the heart of a parent.
197 On Parents' Day, many people died to establish this one day. They have also loved and praised God to establish this one day. If humans feel this way, how much must God have waited for this day! The victorious sons and daughters who welcome this day can become heirs of God. Such people can inherit not only God but also the love that dwells within God's embrace. Since the fall was originally caused by the love of Satan, God cannot move in a place where Satan's love exists. However, the Unification Church is removing that and allowing God's love to move, which is such a joyful thing! Nevertheless, the world speaks of the Unification Church in various ways, saying whatever they want. It is truly a lamentable matter. But just wait and see. There will come a time when it will be known that our words are true. Jesus sacrificed his life to walk the path to heaven. In the end, God stepped over His son. Can you do the same? The truth is, you can. How did you come to be born into this world? Who gave birth to you? You should not think of this in worldly terms. You must clearly understand why the Way (道) came into being and why the Unification Church was established. Thus, you must be a person who can be received by God by being fully devoted to Him. In other words, you must be someone who can welcome the True Parents. Jesus once said, "No one comes to the Father except through me." (John 14:6) There is a reason for such words. So what does it mean to "come through"? It means you must go through a door. Which door must you go through? You must go through Jesus' door, then through the mother's door, and then through the brothers' door. Only then can you have the authority to subjugate Satan.

198 It must be a day of hopeful parents. With the fall of Adam and Eve, humanity lost the True Parents and lost God. Additionally, by Cain killing Abel, humanity lost even the brothers, making it impossible for them to approach God. Therefore, fallen humans must seek God, seek their parents, and seek Abel. What kind of Abel must they seek? They cannot seek the Abel who was killed by Cain. They must seek the Abel who is alive and has fought and won against Satan. Only then can they stand as children of a family, and only then can they become sons and daughters who have the authority to judge evil and good in place of God's power. Have you sought God? Have you sought your parents? Have you stood in the position of true sons and daughters? For that to happen, true parents centered on God must come forth before you. Only then can you finally establish your true self. What does the meaning of blessing entail? The blessed family that falls within the realm of blessing signifies that one must receive the blessing of the Unification Church to enter the position of true sons and daughters. Do you understand what that means? It means you must establish a vertical connection with God. For that, parents who possess God's love must come forth. First, you must go through such parents, and then you must go through the family that the parents love. In the future, when the time comes, everything will be carried out according to principle. That time will surely come. You must know the power of your parents. You must know your parents before knowing your brothers. After that, you must love your younger siblings. This is because the younger sibling is Abel. At the same time, you must welcome all Abel-like people with joy. Thus, centered on your brothers and centered on the Unification Church, you must break through all difficulties for the sake of God's will. The people of the world do not know much about the Heavenly Parent. Soon, there will come a time when this will be revealed.

199 From the perspective of principle, today’s world is not a simple world. This world is one that must be restored. Originally, a cultural world that began from the Heavenly Parent must be established. However, until now, everything has been developed centered on Satan. The original history of creation was supposed to start with Adam and Eve and develop globally, but because that did not happen, we must fight on the path of indemnity and restoration. Therefore, we must walk the seven-year course with a heart and fight on. We can feel joy in celebrating Parents' Day, and we must have the standard to be reborn in the place where we feel joy. Additionally, Parents' Day is also a day to proclaim before heaven and earth the day when children will be born. God created Adam and Eve as children and blessed them to govern all things. Since you are also following the path of restoration due to this emotional connection, you must stand in a position where you can face your parents and become children who receive the blessing to govern all things. Thus, Parents' Day is indeed a day of profound significance. With the establishment of Parents' Day, there will be a day for children, and with the day for children, there will be a day for all creation. Based on Parents' Day, the three great days can emerge.

Let us establish God's Day. Then what day must come next? There must be God's Day. Since we have welcomed Parents' Day, we must now enter God's Day. If Adam had not fallen, God's Day would have been established along with Parents' Day from that time. Then all humanity would have been able to accept God's heart as the heart of their parents. In the satanic world, it is said, "What is yours is mine." In communism, it is said, "What is yours is mine." However, God says, "What is mine is yours." Therefore, if Adam and Eve had united centered on God and established Parents' Day from Adam, that day would have been a day of joy for the whole world and a day when all of creation's hopes would be fulfilled. Originally, we should have established Parents' Day and All Creation Day with God present. However, because humanity fell, we could not have such glorious heavenly days. Now, the day must come when we can say that God's will is fulfilled in heaven and earth. The day must come when we can cut off the cords of painful history and start a new history. Thus, we must welcome the day when God can raise both hands and say, "What is mine is yours, and what is yours is mine." Only then can we be restored into the realm of heaven. Today, humanity must fight for that, but who will take on the responsibility of this fight? It must be you, the members of the Unification Church. Then what will you fight with? You must fight with the blood, sweat, and tears of a warm heart filled with love. Only then can you achieve victory. In this position, let us fight for one more year. Let us do our utmost to eliminate the evil forces that are rampant in this nation and people. Today, let us reaffirm this and put forth all our sincerity to welcome the day of joy in heaven and earth that God can eternally bless. Only then can the entire will be fulfilled, and we can give glory to God for victory, and that glory can be inherited by you.

12) Suffer in the Same Position as the Teacher
<Summary of Words> April 3rd was an unforgettable trial day for the Teacher. Due to the jealousy of established Christian denominations and the religious extermination policy of the communist authorities, the Teacher was detained at the Ministry of Internal Affairs on February 22nd and had his head shaved on February 25th. A religious trial under communist rule is unthinkable. That day (April 3rd) was the day that marked 40 days since his detention. What I still cannot forget is the scene of comrades being tortured. If the Teacher confessed, more people would suffer. The scene of comrades being tortured is the most painful and unforgettable. It is sorrowful that those who suffered so much have not remained before heaven. From God's perspective, the suffering of those comrades must have been more sorrowful than that of Jesus. The reason Christianity has developed is also because it has tried to stand in a position of suffering more than God. After Jesus died, many were prepared for death, but when Jesus was alive, no one was. The Teacher is concerned about what to leave behind. He wishes to establish a tradition of shedding tears together with God and walking the path of death. April 3, 1966, Sunday, at the former headquarters church. * These words were spoken after the report meeting of the Earth District and are compiled from notes taken by former president Yoo Yong-won. The title was added by the editor.

202 Suffer in the Same Position as the Teacher
The pioneers who established the new era suffered with their lives on the line. If you have suffered in the same position as the Teacher, even if you fail, that suffering can surpass the failure, and you can be forgiven. The reason God cannot abandon the Israelite people is precisely because of this heart. The Teacher is grateful that he is still alive and can carry out heavenly work.

13) Let Us Participate with Faith and Ability
<Summary of Words> When the Teacher first received his mission and started on the path of the will, he thought he must overcome the hill where the cells cry out. He felt he should be in a place where his flesh is torn and his bones are broken, not in a place where he is welcomed. Because he set out with such determination, he did not lose heart even while wearing shackles. During the Japanese occupation, the Japanese were the enemy, and when he was in the North, the communists were the enemy. Moreover, he still feels resentment for being opposed even by Christians. This must be resolved. He thought of Joseph, who was sold into Egypt. The people who had sworn tears together would ask him when they saw him walking a difficult path, "Are you still walking that path?" He would show them a day when they could weep. He would make it happen. An old friend he met next to the prison door laughed and said, "Things have turned out well." He would make them weep and writhe. When he suffered such cruel torture from the communists, he swore before God that he would overcome this difficulty. If he is opposed by individuals, will he take revenge on those individuals? No. Behind them is Satan. That Satan must be expelled from this earth. May 1, 1966, Sunday, noon, Taereung. * These words were spoken during the 12th anniversary ceremony of the association held at Taereung and are compiled from the publication "Seonghwa," No. 55 (dated May 1, 1966). The title was added by the editor.

204 Let Us Participate with Faith and Ability
If we do not walk such a path, we will encounter an even greater crisis at some point. Starting tomorrow, the association will enter its 13th year since its founding. What will the Teacher do from now on? He hopes that you will participate 100% in the various plans he is progressing with. He asks you to demonstrate your faith and ability.

14) Be the Seed of Life
<Summary of Words> The Book of Genesis records creation, and the Book of Revelation records restoration. At the end of history, the conditions for the indemnity of the entire history must be established all at once. This is akin to pressing a cone to create a flat surface. Each of you lives in the present age but must stand in a position that has indemnified historical matters. You must bear the burden of this indemnity while taking on the current responsibilities. The one who will sort out this whole situation is the Lord of the Second Advent. A true person is one who corrects a wrong society and pioneers a new path. Jesus could not call himself a righteous person because he did not fulfill his own responsibilities. If the Unification Church had been welcomed from the beginning, villains seeking only their own interests would have taken their place. However, fortunately, because it was in persecution, only those who were prepared for the path of suffering have come in. You are the seeds of life. The seeds of life are put into fertilizer, and even if they are trampled, they break through and bear new fruit. May 21, 1966, Saturday, Busan Church. * These words were spoken at the Busan Church, which was then the Gyeongnam District Headquarters during a nationwide tour and are compiled from notes taken by former president Yoo Yong-won. The title was added by the editor.

206 Be the Seed of Life
Jesus did not need any individual to save that individual. He needed the family to save the individual, and he needed the relatives and the society to save the family. Therefore, a saved individual is not just for themselves. That individual is for their family or society. We have a global mission to fight against communism. That is why we must engage in rapid expansion.

15) Be a True Participant in Tears
<Summary of Words> Throughout history, all people, without exception, have died while struggling in the process of restoration. At every stage, there has been indemnity. As recorded in the Book of Revelation, it has become the time when everything must be indemnified. In other words, it is time to fulfill the purpose of Genesis. The external responsibility of this restoration history has been borne by society, while the internal responsibility has been borne by religion. The central point that must solve all the problems of this history is the thought of the Second Advent. Each of you carries the connections of past history on your back and holds the present in your heart. If you look centered on the Creator, you are all people who are borrowing. You are borrowed bodies and borrowed hearts. If the body is taken away by the parents and the heart is taken away by God, then the result is that there is no self. Every person is a historical debtor. Debtors carry heavy burdens. God is working to relieve people of this heavy burden. A person is needed for the past, needed for the present, and needed for the future to truly be a true person. Those who have not fulfilled their mission must be redeemed. Those who are redeemed are those who have not been liberated, and those who have not been liberated cannot be righteous. The Teacher never dreamed of being in a good position when he found this path. You must become true participants in tears. Why? Because our Father is more pitiful than anyone else. Is it enough to be a patriot only during demonstrations? From now on, let us all shed true blood and sweat together.

16) Indemnity Restoration and the Responsibility of the Family
<Summary of Words> Originally, there should not have been terms like restoration or indemnity in the human world. However, because human ancestors took the wrong path, the terms restoration and indemnity became necessary. The term restoration carries the meaning of pursuing the standard of truth. Indemnity restoration begins from the lowest standard. Humans rise using their hearts as a stepping stone. In other words, they return through the age of servants to the age of sons and daughters. In restoring each of these ages, there is always a standard, that is, a center that is determined and crossed over. In the age of servants, a true servant's standard that God can recognize must be established to start a new historical course. Jesus Christ came to this earth to establish the true standard of sons and daughters connected to the true standard of adopted children. To become a true child, one must establish the standard of adopted children and connect to it, and to become an adopted child, one must establish the standard of servants and connect to it. The witnesses of the era of Jesus, Anna and Simeon, all testified and appeared based on the standard of servants. June 19, 1966, Sunday, 7 AM, former headquarters church. * These words were spoken during the first ceremony of the 4th All Creation Day celebration and are compiled from the publication "Seonghwa," No. 57 (July 1966). The title was added by the editor.
210   John the Baptist, the initiator of the age of responsibility for the family and the restoration of indemnity, was in the position of a servant in terms of his intentions, yet in the position of a son in terms of his service. Although he fulfilled the mission of a servant, he made the mistake of not establishing the standard of a son. Thus, Jesus struggled for three years during His public ministry to establish the standards of a son and direct descendants. By successfully fasting for 40 days, Jesus was able to establish the standard of a son and connect the relationships between heaven and earth, as well as the horizontal and vertical. The people of Israel were supposed to create an environment to establish the standards of a servant's servant, servant, son, and child in unity with Jesus, but they failed to do so. Jesus merely inherited the fight for this. Because Jesus fought alone against the environment, He ended up bearing the cross. Therefore, the history of the past 2,000 years since Jesus has been a journey to establish the standards from the servant's servant to the direct descendants. Through our own seven-year course, we are trying to develop these standards horizontally, establishing the conditions for the restoration of indemnity from the lowest standard. We have a historical mission to restore the environment. Therefore, we must fulfill our responsibilities with tears, blood, and sweat. We must understand this historical position and restore the environment. This should not be done out of command but voluntarily, with each person taking responsibility. This journey is the seven-year course. In this course, we must establish a tradition of shedding blood, sweat, and tears. The process of restoration of indemnity has been undertaken not only by us but also by the prophets of the past from the position of a servant's servant. To establish the ultimate connection that fulfills our ideals and accomplishes heaven's will, we must come forward with a national environment.

211 In heart, we must surpass the standards of the prophets of the past. To create the era in which we can stand as direct descendants, this nation must first fulfill its mission from the position of a son. However, even if this nation fails to fulfill its mission, if the standard of a child is completely established, the position of a son will automatically be established. The struggles we endure in the seven-year course are for the purpose of establishing these standards. If even one person from each level fulfills their mission and establishes the true standard, and if that true standard is connected, the path of restoration will be accomplished. Bearing this historical responsibility, as we approach the last year of the seven-year course, we must reflect once again to fulfill our respective responsibilities. We must not let the sorrows and difficulties our family has experienced be dismissed as mere past events. Centering on today, we must resolve those connections. First, we must resolve the historical sorrows, and then we must resolve our own sorrows. Thus, we must connect the standards of a servant's servant, servant, son, and true child. That is the overall meaning of restoration. When the son passes, the sonship passes, and when the sonship passes, the servant passes, and when the servant passes, the servant's servant must also pass. To achieve this, we must receive the word and take direct action, centering our actions on the word. There is still time left to establish this standard. If the nation cannot fulfill its mission, even as members of the Unification Church, we must take responsibility for the standard of a son. The teacher is establishing the standards of parents, children, and sons together. The standard of a son is the position of today's Koreans who do not know the will and do not believe. Therefore, in reality, you must establish the standard of a son. In other words, it is your mission at this stage to struggle to restore the mistake of John the Baptist. Jesus must not only establish personal standards. He must establish overall standards. The 36 families were determined in the position of ancestors. There are Adam-type families, Noah-type families, and Jacob-type families as global standards. You must decide on the central family type. Among the various families, is there such a family type? Who has made efforts to establish such a family type? There must be families capable of taking responsibility for national, tribal, and familial standards. If this is absent, the problem is significant. The teacher intends to make the Adam-type family struggle so that the Noah-type family and Jacob-type family can unknowingly pass through and allow other families to pass through that family as well. That is why he has assigned and dispatched responsibilities throughout South Korea. There must be families willing to fight with blood and sweat. Among you, there must be at least one family like the Noah family or Jacob family. That family must act as a priest, representing the tribe and the nation. If you cannot do it, the teacher must do it. If the teacher takes responsibility for the world, the blessed families must take responsibility for the nation. You are taking responsibility for the family position, the tribal position, the national position, and the global position. If the teacher takes responsibility for the world, you must take responsibility for the nation. If the day of parents does not come, the day of children cannot come. For the day of children to come, there must be no conditions left for the parents, and for the day of all things to come, there must be no conditions left for the children. The teacher knows this, which is why he has been responsible for all these standards until now. When the teacher walks from the position of a servant, a person responsible for the position of a servant's servant must emerge, and when the teacher walks from the position of a son, a person responsible for the position of a son must emerge, and when the teacher walks from the position of a child, a person responsible for the position of a son must emerge. The teacher has come out since 1960, setting the conditions for victory based on the age of 40. When the teacher moves, the entire family must unite. There should be no family like Cain among the Adam-type families, and there should be no family like Ham among the Noah-type families. All Jacob-type families must align their intentions like Esau. The teacher must walk the path of the cross of hope, the cross of circumstances, and the cross of heart. This is different from Jesus, who died hanging on the cross. If each of your families cannot walk the path of responsibility, you must inherit the standards that the teacher has laid down once again. The reason the teacher goes to the factory every day these days is that it is now the era of restoration of all things and restoration of the nation. You must put in your sincere effort. In fact, it is something that all of you should do, but since you cannot, the teacher does it. The donations made to build the factory are meant to establish conditions and tie them together. Public standards of material and lifestyle must be established. Blessed families still have responsibilities to fulfill. Since you must take the center as your standard, you must become families that can connect with the center.

17) Restoration History and the Day of All Things
1 Corinthians 15:20-58 <Prayer (I)> Father, at this time, I dare to contemplate your heart that created heaven and earth and all things. When I think that the connection of a family, centered on the heart that is the center of all things and the center of happiness and joy, must be established before the entire universe, I realize that this land today has repeatedly gone through the history of fall without being united around your wishes, your circumstances, and your heart. As I think about this, please guide us to become those who can repent once again for all historical shortcomings. Father, please have compassion on the countless people who must run the path of struggle for tomorrow's hope while still trapped in the world of death. I also hope that you will have compassion on the many saints today who are rushing toward the homeland, the land beyond creation that you intended to achieve. We know that your heart has much sorrow as you have taken responsibility for the past, present, and future and have gone through the greatest adversities. Although countless people should have praised and sung about your eternal ideals and heart before your heart and ideals, they have instead pierced your heart. As I reflect on the sad past, I feel how sorrowful your heart must have been, and I must bow my head and kneel to build an altar of atonement before you. Father, seeing the reality where there are no children fulfilling the priestly mission while preparing the altar of victory before you, I know that you long for at least us to be loyal children who can bear the heavenly cross. Father, even if it means giving our lives and fulfilling our responsibilities, we have sworn before you to become true filial sons and daughters, loyal subjects, but we cannot help but lament that we have not been able to fulfill our filial piety and loyalty in a position where you can rejoice. However, oh heaven, do not forsake us, and let us become true children who can fulfill our duties and responsibilities until the day you promise the final victory. Father, many days have passed in the long historical journey, but was there ever a day when you could rejoice? In the flow of this history, you have established the true Day of Parents on this earth and also the true Day of All Things. Father, today is the Day of All Things that you have worked hard to find. As I recall the providence you have worked hard for, I cannot contain my overwhelming feelings as I welcome this day. Today marks the fourth anniversary of the day you designated as the Day of All Things. Although we have walked through the miserable adversities of sorrow and grief in the past, I realize once again that these days were all about promising a day of absolute victory before your great providential will. Father, when I think that the greater the adversities of the past, the greater the conditions for gratitude today, I hope that we will realize that we must give thanks a thousand times and ten thousand times.

216   Restoration History and the Day of All Things
Now, your sons and daughters, who were scattered everywhere, have gathered here at the Cheongpa-dong Church, so please preside over them and help them remember this day, and may they be able to step closer to you with a new heart because of this day. I earnestly hope that through this day, we can establish the day of blessing that you have paved the way for. There are countless groups of unification scattered throughout South Korea who are kneeling and sincerely worshiping for this day, so I earnestly hope that your merciful hand will be with them wherever they are. Also, there are many children around the world who are holding onto your name and worshiping, so I earnestly hope that you will be with them as well. Furthermore, there are many of your sons and daughters who are carrying this tremendous cosmic mission and embracing the sorrow of being a pioneer on a lonely path that others do not know, so Father, please remember them. Father, we know how arduous the path of a pioneer is, going through adversities that others do not know. Since you have fought until now in a similar position, you understand those circumstances well, so please raise someone who can connect with your situation, enabling them to complete their historical responsibilities and fulfill the promise of victory, becoming workers who can establish the shield of victory on behalf of your will. Now, as the first, second, and third churches are preparing to take responsibility for new missions and march toward Seoul, may you personally be with them and command them. Thus, may they become your children who can hold the eternal shield of victory for the day of victory and fulfill the responsibilities of the great priest. Father! As time goes on, we feel that we are burdened with tremendous responsibilities and missions. Father, as we take responsibility for the destiny of this nation, may we be able to repay you with all our sincerity, and as the time to make the final decision for this nation approaches, may we be able to renew our determination and pledge before you with grateful and moved hearts, and may we be able to practice that pledge and share the results as gifts before all people, I earnestly hope for this, Father. Many spirits in the spirit world are also hoping for this day and are looking forward to a day when they can receive restoration. Father, today we must establish ourselves in a position where we can connect the spirit world and the physical world, and we know that such a significant responsibility has been placed upon us. We thank you for allowing us to gather here today. Even now, please embrace and protect the countless children who are calling upon you with hearts of admiration for this time, and personally discern the circumstances of the children walking the lonely path. I hope that today, a day of joy and glory, will be filled with abundant grace, and I offer all these words in the name of the True Parents. Amen. <Prayer (II)> Father, where on this earth has there been a true filial son or daughter who can be remembered in your heart? As this land has not become a foundation for filial piety, even when trying to serve you, we have gone through the adversities of history. When I think of this, you have driven out Satan, who holds power on this earth, and in a world of freedom, in a free environment, how much have you longed for children who can sing your glory, saying, "You are our Father, and we are your true children entangled in your love"? Such ancestors of humanity have not appeared, and you have not had true filial sons, nor have you had the opportunity to rejoice and boast. This is the historical sorrow and the twists of the times that remain. Father, there has still not been a true child born on the foundation of filial piety, nor has a nation made up of such children appeared. When I reflect on the purpose of making the Israelite people the chosen people of God, it was to prepare for that time, and the mistake of a day by the ancestors of humanity has become a sorrow for thousands of generations, and this tangled sorrow remains not only on the earth but also in heaven.
218   We come to realize that the history of restoration and the Day of All Things are deeply intertwined. I sincerely hope, Father, that you will once again extend your hand of compassion to those lives that have not yet traversed the fateful path beyond this sorrow. I understand that Jesus, who carried the cross and walked toward Golgotha, bore not his own grief and sorrow but rather the grief and sorrow of the Father. As we recall how painful Jesus' heart must have been while walking the path of the cross, thinking of the Israelite people who will face a similar fate, we recognize that today is an era that requires saints who are on the path to a global Golgotha and true leaders who can transcend it. Feeling the shame of being unable to even pray as Jesus did in adversity, "Abba, Father, if it is possible, let this cup pass from me," I have longed for the day when your true children, who can meet you with devotion and intellect, will emerge on this earth, striving to walk the path of the cross, the path of the global Golgotha. Father, if such children exist, please embrace them with your love, and just as you established a new historical foundation by resurrecting Jesus from the grave three days after his crucifixion, I earnestly wish that through their knees and tears, shedding tears and offering prayers in that same position, you will raise a history of resurrection in the new historical world. Who among us can grasp your path of tears and wail? Who among us could hold your hand and weep? It is a sorrow of heaven that no one has felt, and I earnestly hope that we, gathered here in this time of persecution and oppression, will come to understand this. When we think about standing at the forefront of history and having to traverse a lonely path that others do not know, we realize that our footsteps, following you who walked this unjust and painful path, must also be so.

219   I know that behind the protection and preservation of the children of unification who follow this path lies an indescribable connection of tears and blood-stained struggles. Even if the nation rejects and the world opposes, we have resolved to move forward with one purpose in heart, in accordance with the principles and destiny of heaven. How much have you longed for the circumstances of that time, when we embraced our hearts and called out to you, Father, the more bitter and unjust it became? Please let us understand that moving the hearts of the world’s people to bow before you is the best means. May the footsteps of your children, who have endured until this day, be deemed holy, and may you govern their entire lives so that they can fulfill the hopes of the nation and be placed in a position that all people long for. When we proclaimed the seven-year course before you, it was bleak. In the darkness where we could not discern the way, we stepped forward, determined that our only duty was to be loyal and filial to you with overwhelming hearts. Those steps have already passed into the footsteps of history, and from today’s perspective, we have come to reminisce about that day. On this day, I earnestly hope that we will once again feel the deep impression and profound emotional impact of that day in each of our hearts. Having established the Day of Parents and the Day of Children while passing through the three-year course, we have now proclaimed the Day of All Things. You have seen us establish such days through a sorrowful and bitter course, and yet this nation was unaware, and 3 billion people were asleep in death. Following the path you lead, crossing the peaks of Mount Tai and the path of suffering, we have now reached a stage where this nation must recognize that we cannot pave the way for its future without ourselves. As all of this is due to your great effort, we bow our heads and kneel, feeling once again that we cannot help but be grateful.

220   Father! We have gathered your children in Seoul once more. Now, we must bear the mission of our first, second, and third churches, newly preparing for battle and advancing toward the world of the enemy. We are determined to embark on a new historical chapter in accordance with your command, so please do not let our steps turn back. May our gaze be directed beyond the goal, and until we can sing the victory song before you, stepping on the heart of the enemy with a strong conviction that we cannot die or fall, may we become your children who can fight. Father, I truly hope and wish for this. The path that our ancestors walked, shedding blood, is the path we must walk, and the place where they fought against Satan is the battlefield we are to inherit. Therefore, even if we find ourselves in tribulation or hardship, may we become your children who can confront the enemy with strength and courage, able to make a new resolution. As long as the blood that beats in our hearts flows through our arteries and veins, we pledge to serve you with loyalty and filial piety, and may we become heavenly soldiers who can strike the final blow against the enemy and determine victory. My Father, I earnestly hope and wish for this. Now, we have reached the fourth year of the Day of All Things, but we have nothing to offer before you. We must take responsibility for the shame of not having restored all things. However, Father, please remember. As we pledge to take responsibility for the path of suffering that you left behind on the cross, we have walked the path of tears, blood, and sweat that you walked, enduring and enduring. We have mourned the sorrows of the nation, we have wept for the difficulties of the nation, and even at the crossroads of death, we have called out to you, Father, and struggled. I earnestly hope that you will remember this group. Please strengthen the weak knees of those gathered here, and do not regard our insufficient bodies as lacking, but embrace them with a heart of love, Father, I earnestly hope and wish for this. Do not turn your face away from those who call out to you, but embrace them in heart, so that they may become frontline soldiers who can take responsibility for the remaining path of Golgotha, Father, I earnestly hope and wish for this. As we look forward to the seven-year course, please remember the children who are struggling in harsh environments. Moreover, if there are those scattered across South Korea, shedding tears and appealing to you while looking toward the headquarters for this day, please comfort them. Please forgive the national sorrows and national sins. Let the entire nation be saved and raise their hands to praise your glory before you on that day. Please hasten to grant this day, which we call a holy day, and let your hand of love be with the many denominations that praise your holy name. Please guide them to become a group that follows the flock that serves you, heading toward the heavenly realm. On this remaining day, I earnestly ask that the entire providential program be fulfilled within your will, and I offer all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen. <Message> As you all know, today is the Day of All Things. Four years ago, we established the Day of All Things, and after setting this day, we selected holy sites across the nation. The providence of God to resolve the sorrow of the Christian decline that began with the cross started from the family of Adam. God's intention was to restore what Adam and Eve lost through their children, Cain and Abel, but Cain's murder of Abel led to the sad result of a second fall. Thus, the providence of God centered on the family of Adam could not be fulfilled. Therefore, God chose Noah's family of eight to restore the entirety of the providence lost from the family of Adam.

222   However, due to the mistake of Ham, Noah's son, the will was once again unfulfilled, and 4,000 long years passed through Abraham, Moses, and John the Baptist until the time of Jesus. Jesus came to complete the providence of God that had been extended for 4,000 years due to the mistakes of the human ancestors, and he had to establish the Israelite people horizontally and set the conditions for national indemnity along with historical indemnity to embark on the mission of a new era. This was the mission of Jesus and the Israelite people. For this mission, Jesus began his three-year public ministry. However, due to the collapse of the horizontal foundation of national indemnity that could indemnify the vertical historical standard, the history of the New Testament (Gospel) had to start as a second providential course. Jesus aimed to indemnify the historical mistakes of the entire history centered on the national foundation from Adam to his time, but because he could not achieve that, he had to make a new start centered on the Gospel of the New Testament. Therefore, from the day he began, what did Jesus have to do? He had to organize a worldwide second Israel that could represent God's will and start from them. In other words, he had to start centered on the spiritual second Israel to replace the fallen first Israel. Thus, how should the history of Christianity that has continued to this day have begun? It should have started in the glory of having the Son of God. However, it did not happen that way. Because the Messiah who came in glory was driven to the path of the cross, those who believe in the resurrected Jesus must go through the path of the cross. Without doing so, they cannot establish a relationship with the resurrected Jesus. That is why until now, Christianity has been retracing its steps from the darkest world of ignorance to reorganize the historical era. Then, what did the countless Christian believers who risked their lives for God's will do while being sacrificed on the historical path? The first Israel was supposed to welcome Jesus and indemnify everything in that era, but they could not do so and lost the standard of Israel, so they ended up creating a worldwide Israel. This is the history of Christianity. However, because Christianity has not stood in a complete position centered on spirit and flesh, and has only formed the second Israel centered on spiritual standards excluding physical standards, it must also establish physical standards. The day of establishing these physical standards is the day of the Second Coming. Christians who have hoped for this day must welcome the Lord who comes again on the spiritual standard of the second Israel and establish the worldwide chosen people of the third Israel. To establish the standard of substantial Israel, the term Israel, as you well know, means victory. So, who has won? Jacob has won. Who did Jacob fight and win against? He fought and won against an angel. After completing a 21-year course, when Jacob sought to return to his homeland, he fought the final decisive battle by the Jabbok River. Although this battle was a personal struggle of Jacob, he was an individual representing countless humanity at that time. Jacob's family also represented many tribes and nations. The fact that Jacob wrestled with an angel by the Jabbok River signifies that humans must engage in a struggle to reverse the dominion they have been under due to the fall. Because of this divine plan, Jacob fought and decided the victory against the angel by the Jabbok River.

223   So, what blessing must Jacob receive from the angel? He must inherit all the authority of the angelic world. Only then can he become a victor who can represent God's providence on earth. Jacob himself may not have fully understood, but because the will of God's providence is connected through heart and original intention, he insisted that he could not leave without being blessed. Because Jacob put his life on the line and stood up to the angel, the angel was defeated. Thus, God raised Jacob to the position of victory and gave him the name "Israel." After establishing a spiritual foundation of victory before the angel, Jacob then went to his homeland. At that time, Jacob was in a position where he could not achieve complete victory without subduing Esau, who thought of him as an enemy and sought to kill him upon seeing Jacob and his family. Therefore, the providence of God, which moves through Jacob's original intention, brought Jacob spiritual victory. Now, based on this standard of spiritual victory, who is the substantial entity that must fight and win? The representative of that substantial entity is Esau. Although he is Jacob's older brother by blood, providentially, Jacob and Esau represent heaven and earth. Esau represents the earth and Satan, while Jacob represents heaven and God. So, what is the fall? The fall is when the angel dominated Adam and Eve. For Jacob to receive the blessing of Israel, he had to establish the standards of personal victory and family victory. Therefore, when his brother Esau welcomed Jacob, the spiritual blessing that God promised Jacob as Israel was finally realized based on the substantial foundation. Thus, the standard of Israel could be established. In other words, because Esau submitted to Jacob, a new history could begin from there. What does this mean? It signifies that until now, God has not been able to dominantly govern humanity in the course of salvation providence. He has not been able to govern spiritually or physically. Therefore, God must establish the standard of physical victory on the foundation of spiritual victory and govern humanity based on that standard. Why is that? Because at the time of creation, when God was governing, there was no fall. The original principle of creation was that God should govern from a position free from the fall, a position that has no connection to the fall. Therefore, he must govern those who stand in such a position. Because of this providence of God, Israel began from the foundation of Jacob's victory. Thus, the Israelite people, who have established a national standard, are to make a new start.
225 Where should we go? Since we must prepare the foundation of God's providence, the blessed nation of Israel must walk the path of pioneers, not starting from a place of glory but abandoning the place of glory. So where is the land that the nation of Israel must pioneer? It is this earth. How should we go to establish the authority of pioneers and determine the standard of final victory? We cannot determine the standard of victory as pioneers by starting from an easy place. We must go to the most difficult places. That is why God has pushed the nation of Israel into unimaginable predicaments. Thus, they came out through the path of suffering in Egypt. In fulfilling the mission of pioneers, we must stand in the most difficult positions. This is God's strategy in His providence. Therefore, those who have stood up to represent the whole world and God's will should not be welcomed by Satan at all. This is God's absolute principle. When one carries the mission for good and for God, if Satan welcomes him, there is a high possibility that he will rather fall to Satan's side, which is why he must appear in a direction completely opposite to that. The method is simple. If on the day that a good person is welcomed by Satan, goodness proliferates and destroys the entire world of evil, then the evil monster, Satan, will present various opposing conditions to attack those whom God has established. So how does Satan attack? At first, he attacks individuals. Then he attacks families. Further, he attacks on a national and global scale. That is why, until today, the history of Christianity has never been welcomed in any era. It has emerged without being welcomed on personal, familial, national, or global levels. However, taking the right path and coming out is God's strategy. Countless of our ancestors have built the altar of blood through the history of restoration over 2,000 years, and they have connected traditional thoughts, which you must understand clearly. Nevertheless, today’s established church members are shouting as if they have entered heaven with a delusional faith that simply believing will lead them to paradise. So what is the thought of Christianity today? It is the thought of resurrection that connects the altar of death to a new altar. However, today’s Christians have forgotten this thought of resurrection. Because the history of shedding blood began with Abel being killed by Cain, as Jacob valued God's blessing and Esau did not, today’s Christians must overcome the hill of blood to achieve victory. That is why Jesus also walked the path of the cross while fulfilling the mission of the Savior. God operates centered on principles, and therefore, the method of His providence is not various but one. What is that method? It is to enter the world of Satan and occupy Satan's lair. That is why Jacob did what he did to receive blessings. You should think about how many thoughts Jacob must have had when he won with bread and red stew. How many cunning actions did Jacob take? But that is what must be done. Even if he learned the principle and knew it, Jacob put all his effort into occupying the position of the firstborn to receive God's blessing. His life was solely for that purpose. When Jacob realized that the connection of the blessing of his blessed ancestors continued to him, he thought of God more than anyone else. He also understood that God's blessing upon his ancestors was greater than anyone else's. Thus, in terms of heart, God could not disregard Jacob. Jacob had to have a heart greater than that of Abraham, who was blessed, and he had to demonstrate how precious it is for that person and that nation to inherit God's blessing.
227 Jacob lived in the concept of blessing day and night. Even Satan lived with a standard that could not be denied. Because Jacob had an internal standard of heart that God could not help but bless, taking the birthright was not a problem. Moreover, Jacob valued the blessings of his blessed ancestors more than anyone else and also valued the blessings given by God more than anyone else. Jacob thought of the blessings God gave to Abraham and thought of the blessed nation of Israel. Because he received the blessing from God that "Your descendants will be as numerous as the stars in the sky and the sand on the seashore," he longed for the nation of Israel to be blessed as a global Israel more than anyone else. With this heart, Jacob gave bread and red stew to his brother Esau and received the blessing of the firstborn from Isaac instead. However, Esau did not realize how precious the gift of God's blessing was, so he treated Jacob's words as a joke. He thought God's blessing was worthless and had to retreat from the position of being blessed. In this way, since Satan also became a condition that could be recognized, the connection of the three generations of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob could finally be established here. Jacob's hope—fulfilling God's blessing—here, while Abraham and Isaac valued what God had blessed, Jacob valued fulfilling that blessing and came out with hope. This is the difference. Abraham and Isaac liked being blessed, but Jacob had a perspective of hope in fulfilling the blessing. From this point of view, it is not a matter of being blessed, but a matter of fulfilling the blessing. Fulfilling the blessing does not happen by sitting still. Moreover, it is not enough for only the blessed people of Israel to come to life. We must hasten to establish a personal foundation for restoration, a familial, national, and global foundation, and build a fundamental foundation in heaven and earth. This is the standard of victory that God desires. Jacob did not obtain the title of Israel by himself. It was the result of the unity of Jacob's family. You must understand that victory and defeat are not determined by individuals but are achieved through families. The determination of victory in the providence of restoration also happened in Adam's family. Adam and Eve fell, and Cain killed Abel, which bore the fruit of familial fall. In other words, Adam and Eve sowed the seed of familial fall, and Cain and Abel bore the fruit of familial fall. From here, the two worlds began to diverge. Thus, the history of the world has split into two branches. No matter which nation we look at, when righteousness emerges, evil inevitably follows, and when goodness emerges, evil also comes out. This has taken shape globally in the forms of democracy and communism. Furthermore, both democracy and communism also split into two branches. Thus, a time will come when four forms will be established. That time will be the time of final judgment. You must be well aware of these facts through the principles. The current form of the state aligns with all the facts mentioned in the principles. The standard of familial conflict in Adam's family was the same during the time of Moses. Jacob had to prepare the foundation of victory for both the individual and the family to fulfill his responsibilities before God. So how did Jacob prepare the foundation of familial victory? Jacob had to bear the familial cross to establish the foundation of familial victory. Jacob could not become a son of God by winning alone. He had to prepare a foundation that could approach God by bearing the familial cross to finally obtain the foundation of victory. Then, centered on Jacob's foundation of victory, what should the tribes of Israel do? When Jacob stood in a position to fulfill familial responsibilities, the tribes of Israel must have the standard to restore the positions of clans and races. By doing so, they could strike the conditions for Satan's accusations that remained within the kinship rights centered on Jacob's family. This is where the battle begins. For an individual to achieve complete victory, the entire family must stand on a foundation that can bear the cross and attack the world of Satan. Moreover, to determine familial victory, it cannot be done by the family alone. The family alone cannot fulfill God's will. To fulfill the will, they must go to the families of the enemy world and achieve victory. That is why Jacob went to Laban's house. In this way, we must fight in the world of Satan to prepare the foundation of familial victory. To determine familial victory, one must become a victor who can indemnify all the crosses received from the tribe. We must be thankful for the arrows received from the tribe and establish the foundation of tribal victory. If Jacob's family had done this, they could have expanded to the level of the tribe. To complete individual, familial, and tribal victories and pioneer the foundation of national victory, the 70 members of Jacob's family entered the land of Egypt and faced various trials. Although they faced trials in a foreign land, the nation of Israel is not just a single nation; it is a nation that represents the world in terms of purpose. Thus, the nation of Israel, which represents the world, was trampled and torn apart. However, if they devoted themselves to God and did not lose the providential rights of Israel for God's will, and held on to the relationships established by God, they could have broken the groups that attacked them and started a new world. Therefore, for the nation of Israel to have a foundation of victory, they must establish the standard of victory without yielding to external national invasions. The nation of Israel that entered the land of Canaan must be prepared to step forward by overcoming new trials and tribulations for the global restoration of Canaan. The nation of Israel had to return to the land of Canaan, solidify the national foundation in accordance with God's will, and prepare a foundation to overcome the globally chaotic environment. After that, no matter how strong the Roman Empire was, they had to lead from the side of heaven. If the nation of Israel had done that, they could have grown into a global sovereign nation with the Messiah, overcoming global trials based on that foundation. However, the nation of Israel could not take responsibility for the global trials. Jesus had to inherit the historical foundation of victory from the individual, family, tribe, and nation, but because the entire nation of Israel opposed Jesus, the historical standards of victory established before God at the individual, family, tribe, and nation level all collapsed. Therefore, Jesus set out with the determination to sacrifice His life to recover the standards of victory for the individual, family, tribe, and nation. This was the path of Jesus' three years of public ministry. In this way, God sent the Messiah after passing through the eras of the individual, family, tribe, and nation. The place the Messiah must seek is the center of the world. For the Messiah to reach that place, the nation of Israel itself must have complete preparation to overcome the global trials centered on God's will. They also had to lay the national foundation and unite with John the Baptist, the representative leader of the nation, to welcome the Messiah and achieve oneness, enduring and overcoming global trials and suffering. If they could overcome the global trials and suffering centered on Jesus, no matter how powerful the Roman Empire was, they could not withstand the nation of Israel because God was behind them. If the nation of Israel had united with Jesus, the power of the Roman Empire would not have been an issue. If they had only defeated the Roman Empire, from that point on, the world could have come to God's side. However, because this did not happen, the second providence to reclaim this has been extended for 2,000 years. What kind of era will the end be? It will be an era in which all of history is indemnified. That is why a chaotic era is coming. Religion, economy, culture, and everything will be swept into chaos. That is why we hear that the end has come, the Lord is coming, and that we must go through our group to be saved, or we cannot be saved. Everything seems to be happening in a flat manner in one era, but if you look at the back, the historical and overall realities are intertwined. Because reality is in such a global turmoil, it is in a state of confusion. This is a time when the purpose of religion becomes vague, and the purpose of philosophy also becomes vague. It is also a time when the purpose of family becomes vague, the purpose of the nation becomes vague, and the purpose of the state becomes vague. Everything that aims for a purpose becomes vague. At such a time, a person who can sort out the individual, family, tribe, nation, and the world must appear and develop a new second world centered on God. Without such a world, it is impossible to fulfill God's will. To achieve complete victory, the word and the reality must become one. So why is such a world required again? Because humanity has fallen. Therefore, a world is required again to achieve the purpose that God desires. Originally, if humanity had not fallen, it would have become a world of God's sovereignty, not a world of Satan's sovereignty. It would have been a principle that is neither communism nor democracy. It would have been the principle of the Father and at the same time the principle of the Son. It would have started with God centered on the principles of the Father and the Son. But has such a principle been established? It has not. From God's perspective, even the principle of servitude could not be established. Therefore, humanity has been expelled and chased away even from the world of Satan.
232   We have become a group that receives the day of all things and the history of restoration. Because we have gone through such a process, we have lost our master today, and we cannot even be servants. How far has fallen humanity descended today? We have fallen to the level of the servant of servants. What does the servant of servants mean? Satan is a servant of God, and we have become the servants of that Satan, so we are nothing more than the servants of servants. People in the world do not even realize that they are in such a position, yet they think that by believing in Jesus, they become children of God. We cannot achieve victory by merely centering on the Word. Without embodying the reality that is one with the Word, we cannot win in the fight. When it comes to actual combat, the Word itself can only serve as propaganda. Propaganda alone cannot bring about practical results or conclude in victory. People often say they want to believe in Jesus and go to heaven. But did God create humans just to believe and go to heaven? When we live out the heavenly life on earth and establish heaven, God is meant to come down. What does Revelation 21 say about the New Jerusalem? Does it say it goes up or comes down? Does God recognize someone as “believing well” just because they offer dead sacrifices before Him? Can all nations and the entire human race be saved through that? Is it acceptable to tell all nations and the entire human race that “if you don’t believe, you go to hell, and if you believe, you go to heaven”? Has the person who says that ever been to hell or heaven? Such teachings and beliefs are threats and coercion. These will come to an end in the last days. What is the fall? It is not seeing the end of darkness. The fall is seeing the end of hope, not despair. Therefore, if we understand the historical path that began with the fall, we must be able to see the end of hope that was established centered on God and the ideal of creation. Looking forward to that time is the historical destiny, and the time when we must live like God will inevitably return. However, in the 16th century, humanism and the Renaissance, centered on humanistic thought, developed to the point of expelling God today. Thus, we have entered a position that dislikes “God” and “religion.” We are developing a movement to expel God. This is the spirit of the age. From this perspective, the Unification Church has been chased out by the world of Satan. When all of humanity dislikes God and religion, that will be the end. Therefore, a movement to reclaim the lost God must be initiated. This movement is the new religious movement of the new era. Without establishing a religious perspective that can substantiate God based on philosophy, science, and our living environment, we cannot change this world into a new one. When the end comes to this world, can those who do not believe go, of course, but can all believers go to heaven? It would be nice if they could. The Bible clearly states that they will go, right? If it happens as stated in the Bible, the world of Satan must be expelled. The desire to go to heaven is the same for both Satan and us. Do you know this? Satan is defying God, saying, “God, if you make me the ancestor of humanity, I will dedicate this entire universe to you and serve you faithfully.” However, that is not how the heavenly law works, so it cannot happen. How much do you know about God's situation and heart? Can you say you believe and will go to heaven without knowing God's heart and situation? No matter how much the teacher investigates and looks into it, that is not the case. What the Unification Church says about the phenomena of the end times and proper faith is not vague speculation. Does your heart still waver? Will you walk the path of the will with such a mindset? At the end of historical times, everything becomes vague. The religion I believed in, the ideology I liked, even communism, all become vague.

233   The history of restoration and the day of all things. Communism will now split into two paths. Just look at the communist satellite states in Europe. Romania is now transitioning to a nationalistic communism. When this takes shape in a globalist form, national democracy will also transition to nationalistic democracy. What can open the door at the end is not any ideology, thought, or even humanity. Only God can do that. And we must clearly understand that there is a Lord who comes to open this door. No matter how much fallen humanity is loyal, they cannot open the door, so the Messiah must come to uphold all the intentions of the heavenly law to open this door. So how will the Messiah come? Will He come riding on clouds? If He were to come riding on clouds, God would have already destroyed this sinful world. The Bible also records that He would throw them all into the fiery pit at once; if that were to happen, why would God have led human history for 6,000 years? When Jesus returns, He will never come riding on clouds. Smart young people, how do you think about the second coming of Jesus? According to the Bible, Jesus is to come in holiness riding on clouds with the sound of the archangel's trumpet. Do you believe that such an event will actually happen? Do you believe the Bible as it is written? For example, people in the Unification Church are trying to travel to the moon using satellites, while traditional church members are digging holes in the ground to escape, which is a similar act. A time is coming when we will live on the moon. The United States has the Cape Kennedy Space Center, but we have Cape Unification Church. Let’s launch a rocket to the moon from here. Even if we collapse and die on the moon, we should not engage in digging holes in the ground. In this day and age, we cannot accomplish great things with such delusional faith. We must become pioneers who can govern the era and pave the environment beyond history. We must become sons and daughters of God equipped with the ability and power to make the enemy flee in confusion. Only such people can go to heaven. Nowadays, people marry as they please, eat what they want, wear what they want, and do whatever they want, and only then do they call on God. Do you think you can go to heaven after doing that? In the end times, such complicated environments will unfold. This is true in the realm of faith, in the realm of thought, and in families. They advocate the three bonds and five relationships of Confucian thought, urging filial piety before parents, but that principle is breaking down. Where is your mother, where is your spouse, where are your siblings? “Oh, I don’t know!” they say. The same goes for teachers. Why did the Unification Church emerge in such a bleak world? Therefore, in the end times, there can be no signs to correct this confusion. It started from darkness, so it manifests as a dark result. Thus, all of humanity in the world has no way to escape the power of darkness and can only raise their hands and weep. “Please save me. Please kill me,” they can only shed tears of lament. Adam and Eve sowed with tears, so they must reap with tears. Therefore, fallen humanity in the end times must long for God in their hearts and say, “God, please save me.” They must be able to shed tears in the position of taking responsibility to alleviate God’s sorrow, replacing the sorrow of history with God’s sorrow and resolving the twists of the times. People in this world weep centered on themselves, but we must weep centered on this world. God is longing for someone who weeps for a public purpose rather than for any personal hope.

236   The history of restoration and the day of all things. When Adam and Eve fell and were expelled from the Garden of Eden, they shed sorrowful tears. God has been looking forward to a day to resurrect us, the descendants, to a position that has not fallen, with a heart of compassion. However, the expelled humans have become great villains historically. Nevertheless, God has a heartistic connection to restore such humans, so He has endured from Adam, Noah, Abraham, Moses, through Jesus, and until now, carrying out the providence of salvation. Thinking of this grace, we must appeal to God with a historical heartistic connection, not just a present emotional connection. The teacher is fighting to expand this mission globally with such a heart. Will you join this fight? The teacher is different from the old Adam. He is also different from Moses. Only with a historical heart, a heart of the times, and a future-oriented hopeful heart can we have something that can support us to go beyond the conditions of compassion. Why did the Unification Church emerge in such a bleak world? At such a time, the Unification Church has come forth to unify the world. So where does unification start? As the principle of restoration dictates, it must start from one. Today, the Unification Church has emerged starting from one, so what path must we take? We must walk the path that has been historically walked. Even if 3 billion people threaten to kill the leader of the Unification Church with knives, spears, and guns, the leader will never fall and die. Even if he falls and rolls while fighting, he will win. From such a position, the Unification Church has developed to this point. While I appreciate your attendance at today’s event for the day of all things, I feel a bit regretful about you gathered here. The intention of the Unification Church is to restore and establish even the wicked. Those of you here are cousins and distant relatives of those who vehemently oppose the Unification Church. If we were to settle accounts with the opponents one-on-one, you would not be able to sit here, and even if we made room for you to sit, you wouldn’t be able to sit. However, because God has blessed us with the benefits of the providence of restoration, we have been able to step in here. The teacher always thinks of Joseph. How pitiful must Joseph have felt when he was cornered by his ten brothers, the sons of Jacob? What must have been his heart when he was sold to the Egyptians? Yet, even in a pit without water, Joseph found a way to live and became the prime minister of Egypt at the age of 30. Later, when his brothers begged for their lives, what must have been his heart? The path the Unification Church has walked, the teacher prayed before the Vatican Palace, saying, “God, there is a church here with more than 600 million members over 2,000 years of history. However, I cannot help but worry about what will happen to them. Please unify the countless divided denominations and sects as you wish, Heavenly Father.” That place is the center and gathering place of European civilization. The essence of European civilization is gathered there. However, with the heart of “Let’s see what happens because God is with me,” I prayed. When truth and falsehood collide, it is a principle that falsehood breaks. Our Unification Church has been clashing horrifically for the past seven years, centered on this historical path. God is with us, leaving traces of bloody history. Since we have the experience of bloody struggles, we must awaken those who are asleep and plant the shield of God’s victory. The history we have fought through has been a history of shedding blood, sweat, and tears. If one has a normal conscience, it is a history that cannot be viewed without tears. The teacher leading you has a deep sorrow in his heart. Although the desire to curse this nation before God has surged a thousand or ten thousand times, I could not do so because the path of restoration remains. 

238   To welcome the fortune of restoration, we must carry the sorrows and grievances of the nation and overcome harsh trials to bring about victorious results. Let us persevere toward the day when all nations can finally recognize our value. You must understand that we have been circling the path of historical sorrow until now. The young men and women of the Unification Church today may not know this well. How many times have we traveled a hundred miles to meet one family member, holding onto each other and weeping? How many times have we left after meeting family members who were dozens of miles away, feeling so sorrowful that we followed them out only to return, then followed them out again, parting and reuniting three or four times? You must understand that there is sorrow here that the world does not know. The ties of blood, that is, the ties in the world of Satan, are not the issue. Centered on the ties of parents who are not parents and siblings who are not siblings, we have walked the path that can only please God. The teacher reflected on the path walked until now this morning. The prayers offered before God during any time of history matched perfectly. I realized that the content of my prayers while praying in North Korea matched. I remembered the time when I was negotiating prayers before God in South Korea, overcoming difficult challenges. I understood that God was not making me suffer to destroy me, nor was He driving me out to kill me, but rather to allow me to meet a hopeful moment from greater temptations and storms. From the perspective of the historical path, it was a process that passed for a certain moment. Reflecting on the heart of the Father, who had to wait until finding Jesus, thinking of the many twists and turns, I could only be grateful to God for allowing me to endure and guide me to a greater path. We must think of unification day and night. We must understand that we cannot subdue our enemy, the Communist Party, without doing so. How much has the fulfillment of God’s will been delayed because this nation has rejected it until now? Only recently have people begun to say that the Unification Church is the only way. Not only for the nation but also for Asia to survive, our ideology must...
239 You cannot do that. Now we have departed. Therefore, we must strive even harder. We must be able to govern the spiritual world. In times of tribulation, everything that Satan has set up will all collapse. Everything that is considered great will fall. Adam and Eve thought they were great and then fell, right? Thinking one is great is a fallen nature. Satan is all about self-firstism and individualism. "What are parents, siblings, all of this?" This is the external chaos, but the more difficult thing is the spiritual chaos. Was there not a fact where an elder criticized the Unification Church? The teacher has never called anyone a heretic like them, nor has he prayed for anyone to die. Upon careful observation, I found that there were many people praying for my death. I heard such voices. However, when those who prayed for my death collapsed, I was fine. Even when I was in North Korea, all the pastors who imprisoned me ended up losing their heads. Although they did not pray for my death, God was not indifferent. Even when I came to South Korea from such a pit, I faced numerous oppositions from the nation. When I think of this, I feel that I must spread the Principle to everyone as soon as possible. While 95 percent of the indemnity has been done, you must understand that the remaining 5 percent of indemnity still lies with you. The external chaos of this world is chaos, but the greatest chaos is spiritual chaos. We know that Jacob determined his physical victory on the foundation of spiritual victory and received the title of 'Israel' as a victor. Similarly, today on the world stage, we must become victorious princes who can first govern the spiritual world and then the physical world. Otherwise, we cannot enter heaven. You must clearly understand this fact.

240 The history of restoration and the day of all things. Today, if we Koreans are influenced by any satanic ideology, we will never be able to enter heaven. No matter how much communism brainwashes, it cannot brainwash those who are equipped with the ideology of the Unification Church. Can you become a communist? Knowing that God exists, you cannot become a communist. That ideology cannot influence us. The teacher said that the spiritual history would begin from 1966. Why is there chaos in the spiritual world? I have already mentioned it. Nowadays, a spiritual chaotic wind is blowing in the established churches. Do you know why? Because they are engaging in spiritual history without understanding God's will well. However, if there are people who can manage this chaos in the spiritual world, they will become the sons and daughters of God. Move forward with a firm belief. How noble and magnificent it would be to possess God's authority and value, and to have the content that can represent God's full power and omnipotence! Therefore, those who come into our spiritual association and say they do not know whether it is true or false are mistaken. Such people should pack their bags and go back. God is seeking a victorious prince who can win in this world today, a prince who can represent history, a prince who can take responsibility for the future. Therefore, we need a family that can host such a prince, we need a tribe, we need a nation, and we also need a world. If you align with God's providence of restoration and reach the final destination, what could be lacking there? You may not know it now, but once you die and go to the spiritual world, you will know whether the Unification Church is true or not. That certain pastor or doctor thinks lightly of the teacher, but let’s see. Let’s see who breaks when they clash. We will break through smoothly. I have been able to strengthen that conviction while traveling around the world.

241 I have the conviction and confidence to overcome and navigate through any obstacles. Do you have that confidence too? When you listen to the radio, isn’t there more noise in the early morning or during the day than at night? It’s quite interesting when you hear the noise when there is a lot of it. Similarly, in this chaotic world, we must find children who can listen to and follow the teacher's words from beginning to end. Are you willing to hear other words? You must go out with a firm belief. This is the Unification Church. This place is tremendous. Anything else does not align with the teacher's life. The teacher dislikes pettiness. The Unification Church is the headquarters. We must clear all the wrongs centered around this place. Those who have come here must not lose their original place. Falling is losing one's position. Losing the original place centered on God is falling. Since this fact is certain, you must not lose your place. Do not fall to the misunderstanding and opposition of the Korean people. History has been spiraling onward. It unfolds in simultaneity. Even if the individual form grows into family form, national form, it unfolds centered around one source. Therefore, today’s era is entering the democratic age just like the old Roman era. From a providential perspective, today’s America corresponds to the global Rome. If the providential will is to be fulfilled centered on Korea, and the Unification Church bears such a significant historical mission, what should the Unification Church do? We must unify the world with the conviction and spirit to indemnify and restore the Rome that conquered the world and was the enemy nation that killed Jesus. It is not a problem of the Republic of Korea. Some people say that if the Unification Church moves like this, it will become the Unification Church's version in a few years, and they wonder if Reverend Moon will try to become president. That is truly a disappointing statement. If there were such a desire, he would have already become president. However, the issue is not becoming president.

242 The history of restoration and the day of all things is not the problem. The problem for me is saving the world. When I went to America last time, I told former President Eisenhower to practice the three conditions. I asked him how to deal with historical issues, religious issues, and ideological issues. Initially, a five-minute meeting time was set. However, 20 minutes more passed. When I said I would leave, he took me upstairs again, showing me his living quarters, expressing his regret. He also gave me an unforgettable souvenir from his life. He boasted about how he dealt with people like Churchill and Stalin. Our Unification Church must make America the first airport, the first airport! When a young person from the Unification Church appears and speaks to the world, if the facts resonate, that is enough. Today, we received congratulatory messages from Italy, America, and France. Why would they send congratulatory messages from abroad? However, in Korea, people are cursing and making a fuss about the Unification Church. Thinking about such things, the teacher laughed quietly to himself. When I went to America last time, I met world-famous spiritual leaders. At that time, I asked them several times how to solve various problems in the world, but they could not answer and were flustered. Everyone, right now, in America and Europe, rumors about Reverend Moon of the Unification Church are spreading widely. Of course, there are rumors in Korea as well. Just wait and see what happens to the pastors of Korean churches. Will they receive rewards or punishment from God? The teacher has risen on behalf of history, the era, and the future. In the future, I will distribute flyers with the teacher's photo all over the world. Many people will come to visit. The Bible says, "He who has ears, let him hear. He who has eyes, let him see. He who is wise, let him understand." Then do you have ears, eyes, and wisdom? The Unification Church is truly a strange place. Ordinary people do not know well, but it is mysterious and interesting. The teacher is doing these things here because he is responsible for everything.

243 How much has our Unification Church been rejected, persecuted, and slandered? However, we will never fall. Even when the teacher was imprisoned, beaten, and spitting blood, he never prayed to God worrying about himself. He endured, saying to himself, "Father, I am different from the prophets of old or Jesus." He did not pray weakly, saying, "God, please save me." He only prayed for God. God has high hopes and expectations, and can I cry out for my life just because I have become a physical body? Doing so is not manly. During the Japanese colonial period, I was oppressed by the Japanese, in North Korea by the communists, and in the democratic world as well. However, even if I am oppressed, I will move toward the world. No matter how much I am persecuted and driven, I will go. In the end, the strong will win. They may have the power to persecute from the 1st or 2nd century, but I am fighting with the history of a thousand years, no, all of history. People thought the Unification Church would collapse, but it will not collapse. Are we going to collapse or not? We will not collapse. Even if they cut off the teacher's head, we will not collapse. The teacher will not leave behind the sorrow of a loser like Jesus, but will firmly plant the banner of victory. The teacher has spent 40 years not knowing what a nap is, and only recently has he been able to sleep a little. Before that, no matter how tired I was, I thought, "How can I take a nap when the fight is not over yet?" There are many believers who dedicate themselves and serve God. I must become the foremost among them. I must pull out the nails that are embedded in God's heart due to six thousand years of sorrow.

244 The history of restoration and the day of all things. Recently, spiritual leaders have been saying that Korea is the country where the Lord will come. But they do not know how He will come. What can they do if they do not know that? If they just go out like that and go to the spiritual world, do you know what will happen? They will suffer unspeakable calamities. However, they may suddenly come out from somewhere and testify to something. We have been having fun while being slandered. At that time, I had never slept before 2 AM, and the average sleep time per day was two hours. For seven years, I devoted all my sincerity to God. I lived without sleep, without food, without clothing, persecuted, chased, and beaten. Sometimes, there were people who came with two potatoes, crying and calling for the teacher, or people who were injured and looking for the teacher... In this way, the teacher of the Unification Church has witnessed countless pitiful human exhibitions. But what can we do? Who forced you to follow? You came because you wanted to come. Did you come because you were enchanted? Who enchanted you? You were enchanted by the teacher. What kind of magic does the teacher do? It is not magic; it is heavenly art. Still, that was the best time. The teacher now wants to imprint the five fingerprints of his hand on the floor, having spat blood. This hand is the one that knew that God, who leads to the final victory, was there even when it was severely wounded while fighting with someone in the past. The teacher knows well that God the Father has saved me and is placing hope in me. The teacher is praying in his heart, "I have prepared for death thousands of times, so do not worry." Even when chased, if people were hungry and asked for food, I gave them food. At that time, I also gave food to about ten pastors from established churches. Looking back now, those memories are very fresh. When I was in the Hungnam prison in North Korea, a certain pastor came in with his son-in-law, accused of being a reactionary. At that time, the son-in-law was seriously ill and nearly died, yet the pastor had medicine but did not give it. While in prison, the teacher made many disciples without saying a word. Because of this, even if the entire world collapses, there is no change in the teacher's heart. In moving toward the heavenly will, I have the confidence and determination to overcome and win everything. It is with this conviction that I embarked on this path. Those who opposed the Unification Church should oppose it once more. Do not make a fuss in your own home; come out and oppose the Unification Church again to prevent it from gaining strength. Will Reverend Moon of the Unification Church oppose that? I will leave them as they are. Instead, I ask that they let me take over their denomination for a week. We will see if they become Unification Church members or not. They are afraid, saying that the Unification Church is a scary place, so do not go there. They say not to go because storms are raging and earthquakes are happening. But God is the same God; why not go? Did storms rage and earthquakes happen when you came here? You must stride toward the great universe with the belief that history flows but I remain. The teacher has such a conviction that no one dares to follow. This is not bragging; it is the truth. If you do not believe it, find out whether it is false or true even if you have to fast for 40 days. Before knowing this, you do not have the qualification to oppose. The Unification Church, which has no forgiveness, is active everywhere to awaken the sleeping world and take responsibility for this world. Therefore, with just one letter from the teacher, a path is opened to go anywhere in Europe and the world at any time. Soon, you will also be able to meet the rulers who govern the country at will. Wouldn’t that be good? So, it would be good to instill the teacher's thoughts, right? "Yes."
246   Restoration history and the Day of All Things As autumn approaches and the grains ripen, typhoons often blow in. Do you know why? It is because they blow to topple everything that is not fully ripe. Similarly, everyone who enters the Unification Church must go through a process of indemnity centered on the Principle. The Principle does not allow for forgiveness. Even if a grandfather enters, he must go through this formula. Many righteous people throughout history have had to live according to this formula. To correct the principle that adding two to one equals three, it is necessary to change all academic systems throughout history. A nation that can overturn everything historically wrong must emerge. We must change this. Every human being, whether now or a thousand years from now, must live according to the formula of heaven. We must separate the wrongs of the past to establish this formula. Why is our Unification Church great today? Humans must go through formal procedures in the restoration process toward God. These formal procedures must be followed by ancestors who have passed away, myself now, and future descendants. There is no forgiveness in this formula, and that is the correct law. It is because such content exists in the Unification Church that it is great. In the Korean church community, Elder Park, Elder Na, and other elders are all promoting to the public, but why doesn’t Teacher Moon of the Unification Church appear? He doesn’t need to appear. He has already raised many offspring. (Laughter) I would like to see all the people of the world being evangelized by the Teacher's disciples and falling down. Recently, I heard that members who are evangelizing at Pagoda Park are asking whether Teacher Moon of the Unification Church is tall or short, and how old he is. The Teacher is still young. He is in his twenties, right? (Laughter) Then how old are the people opposing the Unification Church? They are in their forties and sixties. So what will happen after they all die? A time will come when I will be the only one left. The era of the Unification Church is coming. (Laughter) When it comes to the words of the Bible, it must be Teacher Moon, and when it comes to teaching God's character and heart, it must also be Teacher Moon. 
247 If we need historical ideologies and all the customs of the times and society to teach the way of loyal subjects and virtuous women, the standard must ultimately be through the heavenly principles. Everything must be corrected and taught in this way, and it is because the Unification Church has something that is tens of thousands of times more valuable than anything in the past that anyone with their eyes open should rush to enter the Unification Church, even if they are told not to come. Once they enter, even if they are beaten with a stick to leave, they will not go out. In the past, many people would say, "How can we live in such a miserable church if we are told not to leave?" If the Teacher were to be asked to write a thesis on suffering, he would surely win a Nobel Prize. The teachings of religion—deny yourself completely! Do you know what kind of path has been taken until this Day of All Things comes? It was a path of escaping from this world to the next. So what is this world? This world is within the realm of fall, and thus cannot go to the world of God's creation purpose. Therefore, we must escape from this world. For that, a grafting work is needed. The Bible says, "I am the true vine, and you are the branches." Here, "I" refers to Jesus. Jesus came to graft us. So, to graft, should we cut the true vine or the wild olive tree? We should cut the wild olive tree, but the Bible says the true vine was cut. That is precisely why Jesus was crucified. Unbeknownst to them, people say that they like Jesus' cross. While there is some merit in Jesus shedding his blood, it should not have happened that way. Now, it is the wild olive tree, you, that must be cut. So where and how should it be cut? Should we cut at the ankles? When cutting a tree, it is like cutting from the bottom; for a person, the neck must be cut. If the neck is cut, one will die, but if one does not die, one cannot be resurrected. If one does not die, one cannot be resurrected. Religion is meant to completely free humans from God's judgment. 
248   Restoration history and the Day of All Things So what kind of judgment does God intend to carry out through human history? He intends to carry out complete judgment. He wants to judge completely, over 100 percent, up to 150 percent. In doing so, God's heart is to expel everything that has fallen in this world. Do you understand what I mean? Humans were meant to bring God into joy and glory, but because of the fall, they have caused Him sorrow. However, through the providence of salvation, God is trying to establish a culture centered on Him. For this world, He is unfolding the history of the great judgment. We must discard all the education, doctrines, and ideologies we have learned until now. We must completely deny everything of the satanic world. If we are to deny 100 percent, but only deny 98 percent, then the remaining 2 percent is the problem. The name Israel comes from a place of complete denial. That is why those chosen by God walked a path opposite to human hopes. Noah was the same. He built an ark, but he did not build it by the riverside; he built it on a mountain, and he worked on it for 120 years. After Noah, 400 years passed, and God called Abraham to leave his homeland. God told Abraham to abandon all his relatives and tribes, who had been living happily in his homeland until then, and to pack up and leave. Thus, he crossed the border into Egypt. He even had to deceive others into thinking that his wife was his sister. In this way, Abraham went to the final pitiful position in his heart, to a place of denial. In the midst of this, God told Abraham to sacrifice his son Isaac. Would you have believed in such a God? Look at Moses. There was an incident where God sought to kill Moses while he was on his way to the palace to save the Israelites in the Midian wilderness. If one does not deny oneself, God will deny them and separate them from Satan. This is the heavenly law of the formula, this is how complete denial is achieved. From this perspective, religion starts from denial. "Love me more than anyone else in the world." This is the proclamation of Jesus. 
249 This is a proclamation of Jesus before it is a proclamation of the Unification Church. He also said, "Your household members are your enemies." A father has a son, a mother has a daughter, and a mother-in-law has a daughter-in-law as enemies. Therefore, He said, "If you do not take up your cross and follow me, you cannot be my disciple." So what is your cross? Even if a father has done well, the son cannot simply inherit the father's path. Forgiveness is not allowed in the principles. We must start from complete denial. The heavenly heart is bound to the fallen human beings. That is why judgment is taking place. The storyline of history until now has been centered on the standards of human morality. This has even included the affection of parents for their children. However, we must now transcend the culture created based on affection and human morality and create a new cultural world centered on the cosmos. To do this, we must create a new cultural world centered on heavenly heart from a position that completely denies human affection. That is why the higher the religion, the more it emphasizes the denial of reality. You must abandon your parents, siblings, and spouse, and make God your Father and Jesus your Bridegroom to establish a new family. Without complete denial, a new beginning cannot be made. This is because Satan has entered into the body. You must completely cut off all attachments to the satanic world and start anew. You must erase human affection and establish heavenly heart. The higher the religion that has a standard for dealing with God's providence, the more it has the key to encompass the whole within itself. A religion that cannot clearly affirm that it can completely remove Satan and make God the sole subject of humanity is false. Did Teacher Moon of the Unification Church tell you to destroy your families? You came out from the position of self-destruction! If you don’t want to come out, don’t; if you want to come, those who enter here will find themselves far away in just three days. If I cannot deny a false family, then God must stand in a position to deny you. That is why you must deny yourself and prepare for the time that God desires. However, when the time comes, if you cannot deny yourself, God will place you in such a position. Then you must fight internally. That is why faith is a struggle. 
250   Restoration history and the Day of All Things Now, religion must transition to a practical religion. Satan has ravaged this universe, this world, and tormented God for 6,000 years. From the perspective of the heavenly law, Satan is an enemy before God. An enemy of the past, present, and future. There is a person who has the standard to subdue this enemy Satan and become a filial son before God, and that person is Jesus. That is why Satan fears Jesus. Satan has been subdued before Jesus. Today, humanity must establish a new nation centered on the heavenly family. Because the standard of the restoration providence has always been a heart-centered family, Jesus must also work centered on a family. In other words, Jesus must receive a bride on this earth and marry her. When I say this, people call the Unification Church a cult. But just try dying. You will find out whether it is true or not. As children whom God can love, you must fulfill the way of loyalty and filial piety and marry under God's dominion, giving birth to direct children centered on God. Thus, they must restore the path that the Israelite nation has wandered for 2,000 years until today. Because a person who is one with God's heart must emerge, Christianity is an exceptionally heart-centered religion. Christianity has the marrow of the heart world. In establishing a new world centered on heavenly heart, 
251 the core unit is the family. Christianity has taught new standards for parents, couples, and children centered on the family. From this perspective, our Unification Church is a representative religion centered on heavenly heart. That is why we must conclude that we should not oppose this global religion. So when you meet the Bridegroom Jesus, what will you do? Adam and Eve could not become a bride and groom centered on God. To be filial sons and loyal subjects, they must have qualified as a bride and groom before God and live within the same realm, but they could not do so. Therefore, if the bride and groom personally undergo indemnity and restoration to become a couple that replaces the law of heaven and earth, God can say, "You are my flesh of my flesh, my son of my sons, my filial son among filial sons, my loyal subject among loyal subjects." Thus, they become qualified to establish a standard representing all nations. However, because they could not do so, Jesus came with the connection of the Bridegroom to restore this. What does it mean for Jesus to come as the standard of the bride and groom in the Unification Church? It means becoming a filial son and loyal subject who can serve God's will. This is the essence of Christianity. What do you understand the Feast of the Lamb to be? The Feast of the Lamb is to welcome the True Parents, whom we lost because we did not welcome them without falling. This is to restore the True Parents, which is the wish of humanity that should have been fulfilled 6,000 years ago. This is God's providence. So where is the homeland? That place is Korea. Through whom has this come to be? Through what organization centered on God has this come to be? It is through the Unification Church. The name Unification Church did not come about by chance. It is the character for "to govern." Therefore, we must not become weary. 
252   Restoration history and the Day of All Things In governing the cosmos, we must be able to envision all the detailed organizations. On behalf of various nations and denominations, you must have seen a lot. Right now, there are Elder Na, Elder Park, the Reconstruction Church, the Goryeo faction, etc., but they will not last long. In the end, only the Unification Church will remain. How do you feel about that? "It feels good." How good would that be! Do you understand that feeling? Now, in the not-too-distant future, there must be a foundation that can settle humanity into a world of unity and eternal peace and welfare. Where is that place? It is the world of heart. In the world of heart, a father cannot live without children, and a wife cannot live without a husband. The world to come will be such a world of truth. The "doctrines" of the world may become a stage of conscious revolution in terms of conscience, but in the future, something must emerge that can inevitably win and ultimately achieve victory. That is precisely "heart." In the future, a new historical perspective must emerge that can revolutionize the heart of humanity and establish the standard of heaven. Based on this historical perspective, a new view of life and worldview can be established centered on heart. So what kind of doctrine will that be? It will be centered on a heart-centered view of life, a heart-centered worldview, and a heart-centered cosmic view, and it will also be what history expects. The Unification Church teaches precisely this. Truth, personality, heart—so how should a person facing these standards act? First, they must go through the judgment of truth. Salvation is not obtained merely by faith; one must first become a pass holder of truth. God created everything through His word. Therefore, the word, that is, truth, must be perfect, or its substance cannot be perfect. In other words, if the truth is imperfect, the substance must also be imperfect. One cannot live a perfect faith life without being based on a perfect position. Therefore, one...
253 The complete truth that Heaven and Earth desire must come forth. The time of judgment based on truth must arrive. So what has history been seeking until now? It has been seeking a person of character. To find a person of character, what must be sought first? It must seek a nation that can give birth to a person of character and find the truth centered on that nation. Now, humanity has nowhere to go. However, since the final conclusion must be made, we cannot remain in despair. Now, a movement for the opening of truth that can enter a new Heaven and Earth with true truth must be initiated. The environment that is confronted with despair and hopelessness must be organized, and a standard that can guide us along the only path of life must emerge. That is why we have been seeking truth while talking about various doctrines until now. Only when the complete truth comes forth can the world be completely unified. After passing through truth, we must complete our character, and then we must complete our heart. We must know the historical God through our heart. God at the time of creation was the God of heart. We must understand the historical God of heart, who had a heart during the time of creation, after the fall of humanity, and throughout the historical process. We believe, but do we know God's heart? We must know God's heart. Next, we must understand what God's desire is for this era and what God's heart is like in this era. Thus, we must come to know God's heart for the future. God is an eternal being, governing through the past, present, and future. Therefore, the twists and turns of God's historical heart pass through the ages, and the twists of the era are connected through the future. Thus, we must comfort God's historical heart and the heart of the era, and humbly realize the heart of the future to become a person recognized by God. The fall refers to the state in which humanity cannot believe in God, and God cannot recognize humanity. Therefore, when the end comes, the era of judgment based on truth will arrive. At that time, many fakes will emerge before the real one comes out. In the fallen world, fakes often appear first and act as if they are real. That is why the real has been truly despised until now. Recently, those who have had even a little experience in the spiritual world say that the Lord will come to Korea. Then how will the Lord come, and how can we know this? The Bible says that neither the Son nor the angels know, only the Father knows. So, if only the Father knows and the Son does not, does that mean the Son has no right to inherit? Just as one must know where the Father's field and farm are to inherit from the Father, one must know everything about God to inherit. It must be based on truth, but it cannot be just words. The Unification Church has appeared as a new offspring before the bright Heaven and Earth. You have suffered a lot after entering the Unification Church, but you have not done everything the teacher asked you to do 100 percent. When we shoot at the established church, the pastors can only flee in confusion. To fight, we must shoot many blank shots. In a battlefield, if we shoot a thousand live rounds, less than ten people die, but we still need to shoot a lot. Until now, we have shot many blank shots. In the future, the teacher plans to shoot formal rounds. The era of judgment will come. At that time, it cannot be just words based on truth. Many people are just using words, but the leader of the Unification Church is not like that. The teacher has experienced all sorts of jobs: laborer, porter, beggar, and various other things. He has even slept with them. He has wept over the pitiful circumstances of the poor. He has fought until now, having formed a heart world in connection with such experiences. After preparing such a foundation, he resolved not to be burdened by a guilty conscience as a true leader. The teacher has not done anything to receive even a little guilt before God. He thought that because he exists, God exists. When the teacher visits local churches, he sees that our Unification Church members live in very miserable conditions. Every time that happens, he prays to God, "Father, be with them! When I went through such an environment, you were with me, and when I stood in this position on behalf of the Father, did you not encourage me by saying that there is still a way left? Please let them also form such a connection." Now, your miserable position must not end in misery alone. Even in a miserable position, you must appear in a way that can sing the song of victory centered on goodness. To do so, you must become God's prince who can fundamentally judge the evil world. You must understand the position of this teacher who cannot help but push you into the raging storm. If I love God and know that God loves me, then no matter how precious a place of hope there is in the world, I must abandon it and go to a place where I can hold onto God's heart and appeal. The value of the heart connection with God. The teacher dislikes becoming a second human. After receiving the full authority of Heaven, he has come over this hill. Therefore, when he calls out "Father!" with the circumstances and heart of God, God also weeps. I cannot forget that even now, God holds me and advises me, weeping. After living a life of being chased and cornered, becoming a prisoner in a cage, I had no choice but to shed tears, yet God was with me. He was always the God who made disciples for me even without my saying. While serving such a God, I have been struggling to overcome countless hardships until today, trying to fulfill the duty of loyalty and filial piety before God. I have the heart to dedicate myself to this path, but God has taught me to have a heart beyond this. I cannot forget the overflowing inspiration that filled my inner self at those times. If anyone were to appear before the teacher today and speak of such sorrowful circumstances, the teacher would weep at the first word. He is a person who is deeply moved by such stories. There are countless people in this world, and many prophets who have gone to the spiritual world, but they do not know these facts. God's guidance is not to lead to destruction but to give the most precious and greatest gifts. The teacher has no intention of becoming "something" in Korea through the Unification Church. He only hopes that the day will come when he can fulfill his responsibilities by doing God's work until he dies. What else can there be besides this heart? No matter how much you dislike it, you must understand that it is a fateful path you cannot avoid. What have I emphasized before you until now while walking through the valley of death that cannot be expressed in words? We must make the thirty million people of this nation weep and think of God in every corner. Without doing so, we cannot conclude this path. The members of the Unification Church must be able to connect with God's heart without passing through the heart that can weep for Heaven and Earth. We can understand Jesus' heart for God through his prayer before the final moment of fate, "Abba, Father, if it is possible, let this cup pass from me" (Mark 14:36). Just as Jesus, who appealed to God, formed a heart connection with God through his earnest prayer, we too can have such a heart when we possess that heart. Today's ministers and those responsible for the providential history must work with the heart of God and the heart of Jesus. You must become a filial child who comforts God's sorrowful heart and offers joy and glory, holding the historical sorrowful figure of God in your heart. You must understand that God has been in despair and lamentation until now. We must hold God's grievances and comfort Him, crossing over nations and the world, and meet the day of victory with all humanity, representing the authority of Heaven and Earth. We must strive to become sons and daughters whom the Father wants to bless instead of judging. Only such people will become the remaining group. Even if you suffer from harsh environments and adversities, you must be able to say, "I alone remain." Only with such a heart can you finally establish a connection of life with God. If you are connected with such a heart, no matter how strong the cold wind or storm blows, it cannot dare to break the bonds of this vital heart. The connection of life and heart. When the spring season arrives, it is the principle of Heaven and Earth to sow the seeds of life and develop anew. Now, the Unification Church must recognize that it is passing through the frozen winter and entering the springtime. However, one thing you must understand is this: to possess the seeds of life abundantly, you must form a heart connection with God's heart. Only then will you not perish. To do this, you must become a historical participant. You must enter into the heart of God, who could not bear to see the dying figure of Jesus and turned His face away, darkening the heavens for three hours. Thus, you must become a son who can offer comforting prayers to God, replacing Jesus. You must be one who can comfort God without dying, rather than being a dead Jesus. Until now, countless ancestors have traversed the bloody historical path. They cried out, "Oh! Father..." even in the face of death, longing for that day, that time, that moment to come. You must inherit the traditional connection that ancestors threw their lives away for and be able to comfort the sorrowful prophets and sages of the past. And when they walked this path, you must feel how many painful twists and turns God experienced and be able to say, "Father, please let their grievances be resolved through me, and may you rejoice today seeing this activity that once caused sorrow." Our purpose is not to send others to heaven. We need a group that can pioneer the environmental era to fulfill the duty of loyalty and filial piety before God. Yet, can you still say you believe and want to go to heaven? Is going to heaven the goal? Our goal is not to go to heaven but to help others go to heaven. The sorrowful history was caused by humanity, so it is the duty and responsibility of humanity to be loyal to God and comfort Him. Yet, do you think you can enter heaven just by crying out to be sent there? Humanity must fulfill the duty of loyalty and filial piety before God on earth, taste the heavenly life here, and then go to heaven. A parent who has not fallen must appear. This parent does not remain within the realm of the fall, so they will stand in the realm of inviolability, where Satan cannot invade. Therefore, the parent is the true parent of humanity who can conquer even the most evil world. Satan cannot occupy this true parent. The history of humanity is moving forward to greet the new bright sun after passing through the dark night and dawn. So what does the sun represent? The sun of humanity refers to the "parent of humanity." Before this parent appears, the homeland of humanity cannot emerge. Do you have a true homeland? A homeland formed through the bloodline of fallen parents is not a true homeland. This is a homeland that should not exist. Therefore, a person with a true conscience must deny their parents, deny the social environment, and recognize that the stimulation and desires of their conscience are what have subdued them. Thus, you must aim to become a person with such a true heart. To find parents centered on God and to seek the homeland, there must be true parents and siblings centered on those true parents. You must understand the misery until the day of all things is established. Dear ones! Our Unification Church has established days that do not exist in the world. The four major holidays celebrated in the Unification Church cannot even be compared to the significant holidays in the history of the Republic of Korea. What is the day that humanity desires the most? It is the Day of Parents. In other words, it is the day when one can have parents. Humanity has lost its parents due to the fall, so the most important aspect of restoration is to welcome the parents. Before entering the presence of the parents, one cannot become a child. That is why the Day of Parents must be established. After the Day of Parents has been completely restored and indemnified in the world, the Day of Children must follow. Only after the days of parents and children, centered on the connection of true parents and true children, are determined, can the Day of All Things be established. There may be someone among you who is attending this gathering for the first time today, but how did this "Day of All Things" come about? Because Adam and Eve fell in the Garden of Eden, the seeds of sin they sowed were reaped by their sons, Cain and Abel. Therefore, the parents who sowed the seeds of sin must be restored. And based on the expectation of the restoration of the cosmic parents, the standard of children who can fulfill the duty of loyalty and filial piety must be restored. Only after this standard is determined can the Day of All Things emerge. Today, you must understand that all things scattered across this land are in a very pitiful state. All things were created in the hope of God, and they were made with all of God's devotion, but because humanity fell, all things had to undergo a process of atonement in place of humanity and had to suffer sorrowfully. Since we cannot kill people to offer sacrifices, we have been offering sacrificial offerings of all things. The all things offered as sacrifices are sorrowful, but it is even more sorrowful that God's beloved sons and daughters have shed much blood on this earth. When we think of the God who has been carrying out this providence for thousands of years, we must recognize that there are twists and turns in God's providence that no one can deny. Many saints and martyrs throughout history have opened the altar of blood to correct history. You must also understand that they walked a path of misery that cannot be imagined, should not be thought of, and should not be seen, centered on the original creation ideology. There was no way to avoid the place of sacrifice. Even though they longed for the day when one sacrifice could save humanity, countless prophets and sages who bore the responsibility of the restoration providence have fallen, shedding blood and tears here and there. Every time you face the three thousand ri of the Republic of Korea, you must think that there were people who shed blood and sweat, becoming sacrifices or being chased and cornered, walking the tragic path of fate. You must understand that God's beloved sons and daughters had to cross the brink of death while shedding blood and tears. If humanity had not fallen, such things would not have happened in this world, but because of the fall, these things have occurred. However, this must be resolved as soon as possible. Has there ever been a place where Christians, who have formed the spiritual Israel for the sake of God's kingdom, could live with God? Humans have had land and homes to live in, but has there been a land and home that God could call His eternal land and home? Until now, God has been a wanderer. Therefore, when you are driven from this place to that place,
261 We must think that we are the people of God who cannot escape the fate of wandering travelers who must flee to this place when driven out from there. God has been providentially working for 6,000 years to establish a day of sovereignty over good, even while suffering under the tyranny of evil. The religion that has existed until now is the result of building a pitiful altar of blood and sweat, waiting with clasped hands to welcome the representative of that day, and seeking the homeland of the sovereignty over good. You must understand the history of misery, wretchedness, and death that lies behind the establishment of good. It is essential for you to be aware that God's desire is for a heavenly prince to emerge who will fulfill the responsibility of resolving God's sorrow by punishing enemies and restoring the history of sin through the history of judgment. The teacher once prayed to God, saying, "Father, my lifelong suffering may pass without leaving a trace, but please let my fervent passion to love and serve You remain. For that, I will not hesitate to walk the path of death." In this position, what the teacher desires is for you to pray centered on an individual before God, and to pray centered on a family, a tribe, a nation, so that you can prepare a foundation of rest where God can come for tens of thousands of years. This foundation of rest must be established personally, domestically, tribally, and nationally before God. That is why we have been paving the way for the restoration of all things while simultaneously seeking the standard of individual restoration until now. 

The Significance of the Blessing Ceremony and Holy Grounds
We began the first seven-year course in 1960. Before the true sons and daughters could emerge in this course, we could not establish the Day of True Parents or the Day of True Children, so we first set the Day of Parents and the Day of Children. After going through a three-year course, we designated the Day of All Things. It has already been four years since this day was established. Until now, not only the people of the Republic of Korea but also the 3 billion people of humanity were unaware of these days, but they will become a historical day that all people of the world will praise. You must understand that the restoration history and the Day of All Things are significant. Regardless of how you have lived until today, the fact that you are here listening to the words of Teacher Moon is something to be proud of. When you go to the spirit world, even if you have nothing else to boast about, the fact that you heard the words here will become an absolute condition that you cannot help but be proud of. Now, everything must be unified under one ideology. After establishing a relationship with God centered on Him, we must decide everything from the standpoint of new ancestors. That is why we have conducted the Blessing Ceremony in the Unification Church. We have also designated holy grounds where we can pray. It is historical that we have now designated holy grounds where we can plead before God, having had no place to go to pray when we were being chased and driven away. To expand this standard, last year the teacher traveled around the world and designated 120 holy sites in 40 countries. The reason for bringing stones and soil from those places to Korea, despite the significant expenses, is because there is a providence of God that requires it. Such actions are unprecedented in history. So why do we do such things? It is to synchronize with the heavenly fortune and align with God's providential program. The 120 holy sites in 40 countries are lands that can protect God's chosen people. Even if people with physical bodies cannot protect this land, spirits in the spirit world will protect it. We are establishing a foundation where we can fight with the sign that God can be with us, to lead the movement for the restoration of the nation to victory. We are clearly seeing that the heavenly fortune is entering the time when it must determine the final destiny. Is that right? "Yes." You have all heard and seen, right? The emergence of the Unification Church is to open a way for humanity to establish a relationship with God and to be loved by Him in a world where God is present before they die.

263 Even if the teacher is chased and driven out before the 30 million people, it would be good if the Republic of Korea can survive and the world can survive. However, those who oppose us will ultimately perish. Having sacrificed everything to resolve God's sorrow, even those who were very pleased after listening to our lecture last time were previously very hostile towards the Unification Church. If the teacher were to treat those who oppose him with human emotions, he would be a person with a strong desire for revenge, not losing to anyone. The teacher is not a coward. However, he endures from the position of a tiger with a broken back. Taking revenge will not resolve the teacher's sorrow. You must clearly understand that the teacher is going through a process of fighting to resolve the sorrow that God has, to determine the day of global restoration. It is not a matter of parents and children. The teacher has rejected his parents. He has even rejected his wife and children. The teacher has no relatives or friends. He has abandoned everything that is considered precious in the world. This is to meet you, whom God values. It is because there is a providence of God to gather sons and daughters and loyal subjects to restore the fallen world. The teacher understood the principle that God could not set Cain as an offering but had to sacrifice Abel, who was on God's side, and when he stepped forward for the will, he rejected his physical parents and ran away even when his brothers came to see him. Fallen humans do not understand why God sacrifices those on Abel's side. Because it is the principle of restoration that one cannot first love those who are close to them, many humans must be saved by sacrificing close love. That is why the teacher could not buy even a handkerchief or a pair of shoes for his parents, whom he loves so much. Even now, thinking of such things makes him feel like an unfilial child in human terms. However, the teacher has struggled to stand in a position of unfiliality before God, even if it means dying, and has come forth. The teacher has governed everything with such determination and has the heart not to rest until the day that determination is fulfilled. The Unification Church, centered on the teacher with this resolution, has taken root even in a position of being chased and driven out and has laid a global foundation that cannot be uprooted. That is why the teacher speaks loudly.

The Reason for the Hardships of Unification Church Members
What the teacher thinks most about is the unification of this world. The teacher intends to make the members of the Unification Church into heavenly warriors who can take responsibility and fight for this world rather than just liking and loving them. This is the primary purpose. To become heavenly warriors who can fight and win is to become eternal and unchanging loyal subjects and virtuous women before God. The teacher knows that the fate of the fallen world is such that it is unavoidable to push you forward. Which master would push his beloved disciples onto the path of the cross? He cannot help but weep after sending them off. When the teacher visited each church, the scene of members shedding tears while looking at him still pierces his heart. They are being chased by their own parents and siblings, yet they believe in and follow the teacher. The teacher told them, "Even though you are in a position of being chased and driven out, God will remember the traces of your suffering, so even if results do not appear immediately, just endure for a few years." He wanted to weep at that moment, but he suppressed his feelings, thinking of God's heart. While going through this path of sorrow, we established the Day of Parents, the Day of Children, and the Day of All Things for the restoration of humanity. By celebrating these days, the world can enter a new realm of fortune. When Jesus was about to die, there were the thieves on his right and left. Moreover, the person named Barabbas, who was released instead of Jesus, is also related to Jesus' cross. The current world is in the end times, so phenomena similar to those during Jesus' time will occur. When viewed from the perspective of Jesus' cross, the thief on the right symbolizes democracy, while the thief on the left symbolizes communism, which questions, "Where is God?" Since human history after Jesus began from this standpoint, there has been a serious confrontation between democracy and communism. The thief on the right is in the position that God exists, while the thief on the left is in the position that God does not exist. So what position does Barabbas hold? Barabbas represents the position of the Islamic authority. 

Let us become comrades in the establishment of the Unificationist world. Now we must understand that the time is coming when Jesus, who was crucified, will resurrect. Before that time comes, the era will arrive when democracy, communism, and the Arab world centered on Islam will unify into one. After that, the era of the Second Coming of Jesus will come. Therefore, we have entered a time when a new era of heavenly sovereignty centered on the Lord of the Second Coming can emerge. This is the doctrine advocated by the Unification Church. It is a doctrine that can step on the bloody red cross and raise the sign of victory without shedding blood, coming forth with a white cross. Even if there are various hardships and deep sorrows, the Unification Church holds the sign of victory that can create a new history. The struggles we have endured with blood and sweat will remain as historical content that can shine eternally in heaven. That is why the Unification Church has brought forth a new truth that can establish the sign of victory over the sorrowful and wronged relationship of Jesus on the cross. Do you understand? "Yes."

266 In the future, where will the communist world be, and where will the democratic world be? Also, where will the Islamic authority be? Only Unificationism will remain. The members of the Unification Church are the founding comrades for establishing Unificationism. We are not comrades of reconstruction but "founding comrades." That is why the teacher has often appealed to the members while traveling throughout the Korean Peninsula, asking them to advance endlessly like the flow of a river. Those who have stepped forward, determined to establish the path of loyalty and filial piety for God, have gathered here. Do you see the Unification Church as truly pitiful? The teacher could build a church worth tens of millions of won immediately if he wanted to. However, that is not the issue. He is waiting with a longing heart for the time when he can build a church that gathers the sincerity of the 30 million people. Even in a position of being opposed and chased, let us redefine the flow of history and create a new history. The Unification Church is the place that instills this conviction in you. You must establish true relationships with all things based on the standard of serving God and His kingdom, your brothers and sisters, and all things. And you must establish a relationship where you can be true brothers and sisters in front of true parents, becoming true elder brothers and true younger brothers. Because the history of humanity was destroyed by the fight between Cain and Abel, we must unite and establish a relationship as one brother. Thus, the world can return to the realm of God's hope. The Day of All Things is the day that can set the conditions to offer as a sacrifice for that day to come. We commemorate this day to reaffirm our mission to establish the kingdom of God that is to come. Did everyone gather without anyone missing from the first, second, and third churches? On other days, some people might come a little late, but today, they must have made a great effort to come on time. If we do not work harder and put in more effort, it will become a sorrow. Even if it seems impossible, if we endure just a little longer, we will split the large church in Seoul and establish about 40 churches. In this way, we will grow from 40 churches to 120 churches, and then to 360 churches. Thus, we will completely encircle the established churches. Just wait and see. "Oh! I didn't know the Unification Church would become like this." They will be surprised. Until then, they opposed us from outside the wall, but now they will have to close the door and oppose us. However, while opposing, who will be left? Their sons and daughters will all enter the Unification Church, and they will be left alone. This means that only the pastors will remain in the established churches. (Laughter) All the smart people have entered the Unification Church. It is great that all the youth in the Unification Church are in their 20s. The established church members have no way of knowing what we are doing. They will only understand what we are doing after about ten years. Although it may seem like we are doing something absurd, they will realize that it was not so after some time. Even with the Sunhwa Children's Dance Troupe, how much opposition did we face from the established churches? Yet, after the tour in the United States, when they performed in Seoul, Busan, Daegu, Daejeon, and other places, there were even incidents of breaking windows to see the performance. They received explosive welcome. While doing the work, there are times when things do not go well. However, if we endure just a little longer, we can succeed. Even if it becomes a hardship, we can achieve it. Do you understand? Now, you must restore your eyes, nose, mouth, and ears that have been soaked in the habits of the fallen world. You must recreate your eyes, nose, mouth, and ears. Centered on God, you must unify your eyes, ears, and mouth, and then unify your actions and hearts. If you do not do this, you cannot become true saints of unification. Humans have become the servants of the archangel due to his violation, and ultimately, humans have become the servants of servants. Here, humans must first break free from the position of being servants of servants, and then they must break free from the position of servants. So what is the standard of a servant? It refers to the position of working for a wage without inheriting the master's property. To go from this position of a servant to the position of a son, one must first become a servant of servants. What position are you in today? To advance to a position where fallen humans can receive God's blessings, one must establish the condition that they have served faithfully as a servant. After serving faithfully in the position of a servant, one must serve faithfully in the position of a son. To go through the position of a son, there must be conditions that have been established for the position of a son. A son can inherit, but cannot replace blood lineage. As a son, one can only go to the paradise-level spirit world. Therefore, to go beyond the standard of a son, one must be grafted in as a direct descendant. That is why Jesus came as the true olive tree to graft all humans on earth. In this way, Jesus came as the true olive tree to carry out the work of grafting and chose the twelve disciples as representatives to establish a foundation for brotherhood. The saints who believe in Jesus must become brothers who can block the invasion of the satanic world centered on the relationship of brotherhood and can capture the stronghold of Satan. Thus, Jesus had to ascend to the position of parents centered on those brothers. That was Jesus' purpose. When he re-blesses the sons and daughters from this position of parents, a new kingdom of heaven for the new Israel begins. This is the principle of providential history. 

So what time is it today, viewed from a historical perspective? The world is already in a position to welcome the Third Israel. However, because of the unjust persecution that Jesus faced, the established churches today are persecuting the Unification Church. Jesus walked the path of death due to the opposition of the Israelite people, but just as he resurrected and restored the spiritual standard, the Unification Church is externally being chased and driven out, going through indescribable suffering and the path of death.
269, internally, we are making national and global history. This is the historical perspective based on the principles of the Unification Church. So, where do you stand? Are you in the position of a servant of servants, a servant, a child of adoption, a son, or as a blessed family in the position of ancestors in the heavenly kingdom? You must clearly understand what stage you are currently in. You must also realize that only by completely transcending the standards of individuals, families, tribes, nations, and the world can you achieve the purpose of all humanity. For this purpose, we must reaffirm our commitment and fulfill our mission to establish God's kingdom. To do this, you must resolve today to fight for national responsibility as the first step, global responsibility as the second step, and universal mission as the third step. Will you go to this battlefield or not? "We will go." Please raise your hands if you are willing to go. Put your hands down. Remember that even now, members of the Unification family around the world are praying about this issue along with your pledge. I ask you to welcome this day with a grateful heart. <Prayer> Father! We believe that You wish for us to become true filial sons and daughters. Please allow us to understand that we must establish true families, true tribes, true nations, and a true world. Father, until today, where has there been a land where You could set Your feet in this universe? Was there such a lineage, such a nation, or such a world? You have always been a stranger. When the east wind blew, You had to be driven westward, and when the north wind blew, You had to be driven southward, living a life of wandering for 6,000 years. We understand that our human ancestors caused You to go through a history of twists and turns due to a mistake made in one day. Father, please remember that there is a true ideology that must recreate and reorganize the fallen history and the history of the Unification Church. We know well what results all the mistakes of our historical ancestors have brought on the path of history, and we also know that a sorrowful and grief-laden history has continued. Father, we have experienced deeply that such a history must never be repeated again. May the path of loyalty and filial piety for God become the highest purpose of our lives. Please allow us to be Your workers who can appreciate this place where we pledge our loyalty and filial piety before You. And may Satan, who has been following us, no longer be able to follow and say goodbye. We earnestly hope and desire to be Your sons and daughters who can joyfully overcome the mountains and ridges we must cross in the future. Father, we thank You for establishing this holy day on this nation and this land. We know how much You have labored until this day has come, and how much all of creation has longed for it, so please accept all of this joyfully. Therefore, we earnestly hope and desire that You will work to quickly bring about the day when we can achieve a global victory on this earth. Please govern the hearts of all the sons and daughters who have gathered here for this day, and judge all the concepts, beliefs, and ideologies they have held until now. Father, may this day become a special day where we can secure the foundation for a life of recreation centered on Your heart and prepare that foundation, and may it be a commemorative day. We earnestly hope and desire this. Father! There is still a national path remaining, so please hasten our steps. And may we be allowed to live in a way that can pledge and give thanks for the day of victory. There have been times in the history of indemnity when we could fulfill our loyalty, but we have not been able to welcome the day of victory and filial piety that heaven and earth can truly welcome. Therefore, Father, please guide us to become Your sons and daughters who can fulfill loyalty and filial piety with all our remaining lives and strength to welcome that day. We earnestly hope that the pledge we make with both hands raised before You at this time will not be in vain. We ask that You grant new promises and special gifts to humanity, this nation, this people, and the countless altars. We pray all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen. *

18) Let’s Repay Our Enemies
<Summary of the Words> There are countless humans living in this world. Among them are rulers who think they are the best. However, since they all remain within the realm of fallen authority, they must seek a new path. There has not yet been a person with a heart that God can love. There has not yet been a universal human who can bear God's historical heart. There must be a standard that can organize this world centered on a new ideology. A person with a heart that God can love must emerge, but such a person has not yet appeared. For a global center to arise, a global environment must first be prepared. To establish individuals, we must establish representations that can represent individuals; to establish families, we must establish representations that can represent families; to establish nations, we must establish representations that can represent nations; and to establish the world, we must establish representations that can represent the world. In some eras of the historical process, God has tried to establish individuals and bind them together around that individual, but ignorant humans did not understand that. On June 26, 1966, at 11 AM, at the Third Church in Seoul (located in Jongno-gu, Sungin-dong). * These words were spoken at the founding ceremony of the Third Church in Seoul and are compiled from what was published in <Seonghwa> No. 57 (July 1966) and notes recorded by former President Yoo Yong-won.

273 What God desires is love that can replace history and represent the times and the future. Even God surrenders before such love. Love conquers all. Within that love, individuals can enter, nations can enter, the world can enter, and even God can enter. Such love is needed. Until now, there has been love centered on individuals, families, nations, and the world, but there has not been love centered on God. Therefore, fallen humans must be judged more as they love more and enjoy more. Even if they achieve familial victory, if they do not establish the conditions for indemnity at the family level, they must be judged. Even if they achieve national victory, if they do not establish the conditions for indemnity at the national level, they must be judged. Even if they achieve global victory, if they do not establish the conditions for indemnity at the global level, they must be judged. Universalism and universal human Christianity speak of the great judgment. It is said that good and evil will be separated, with good victorious and evil judged. Confucianism states, "The one who follows heaven will survive, and the one who goes against heaven will perish." This speaks of the heavenly path. History is cyclical. When low-pressure systems form and grow, typhoons occur. Today's history moves around global standards. This is because it must surpass the global judgment line. Therefore, we must go forth centered on the truth. Communism and democracy are in conflict with each other based on truth, that is, theory. From now on, universalism that transcends national borders must emerge. The ideology itself is not the goal. When the end of the world comes, both democracy and communism will be invaded. Therefore, an ideology that can absorb both democracy and communism must emerge. That is, there must be an ideology that can bind the whole centered on the individual. As the end approaches, what do we need? It is God's personality, heart, and value. In other words, hope, circumstances, and heart are the issues. 

274 Let’s Repay Our Enemies. Every ideology that is gaining power in the world today is related to God. The religious aspiration of history still survives, but all the rulers who tried to stop it have disappeared. Christianity, centered on high aspirations, has triumphed. So, what is the Unification Church doing? It is a movement to settle first in the world of aspirations that many people look towards with a noble ideology. The aspiration of the Unification Church is to meet God. God's aspiration is to find one person who cannot be exchanged even for the world, who can govern the universe on behalf of God. The world that will come is neither democracy nor communism. (Omitted) To repay our enemies, the purpose of 6,000 years of history has been to find one true person who has been lost. To find that one person, many people have come out, bridging individuals, families, nations, and the world, seeking a person whose hope, circumstances, and heart are like God's, and that person is the Messiah. The historical focal point that transcends up, down, left, right, east, west, and north, is the Savior. Until now, history has extended outward, but once the center is determined, it digs inward. From that center, loyalty, filial piety, and zeal will emerge. You must achieve unity with God and the absolute ideology, absolute circumstances, and absolute heart. The hope, circumstances, and heart that can be unified through the past, present, and future were to be achieved centered on the direct descendants of Jesus, but since that did not happen, it was attempted centered on the disciples. However, that could not stand in a straight line, and Jesus died on the cross. Therefore, the returning Lord must advance to a position beyond the hope, circumstances, and heart that Jesus intended to establish. Only by standing on this absolute standard can we repay our enemies. Otherwise, we will be subject to Satan's accusations and have no way to repay our enemies. We must achieve absolute internal unity rather than external unity. If we remove heart from happiness or peace, nothing remains. The greatest authority we can have is heart. Heart transcends history and emerges from an absolute standard. We must establish historical conditions for indemnity to expel Satan. If conditions remain, Satan will invade. The ties of heart are not formed in comfortable places. They must be formed by carrying the global cross and overcoming Golgotha without dying or collapsing in the most unjust and miserable positions to achieve the victorious glory of resurrection. The Father commands me, and I must receive that command and put it into practice. In the history of humanity, you will become the ancestors. Even if the world expels the Unification Church, you must have a heart that does not budge. To do this, you must pray in two ways: one for the spirit world that has not fulfilled historical indemnity, and the other for the children who will be born to create a new history in the future. Korea is at the top of the world. The world of heart will connect. Be the person who wants to give even if it is not asked for, even if it is disliked. Now is the time to attack. If we develop a siege operation and lead three million citizens of Seoul to share the same purpose, Korea will not be a problem. If it can be done in Korea, Asia and the world are only a matter of time. *

19) Do You Know Me?
<Summary of the Words> If we do not fulfill what we have pledged and pass it on to our nation or descendants, the conditions for indemnity will remain as they are, and we must establish the achievements of victory. Living from today until October 14 as if serving a 100-day sentence in prison is to specially commemorate October 4 (the day of release from Seodaemun Prison) and October 14 (the day of release from Heungnam Prison). The reason for holding a revival meeting during this period is also here. The value of heart-centered indemnity is that the teacher stands in a horizontal position with you, which becomes the motivation for this nation to connect horizontally. This period is the final stage that surpasses the seven-year course. In other words, it will be the period that closes the door of the seven-year course. Of course, this period is short, but it must be able to indemnify 6,000 years in heart. You must understand how precious the term "heart-centered indemnity" is to us. You are warriors fighting against Satan at the front line, so you will experience many miserable events throughout history. Our efforts cannot compare to the duration or various conditions of all the noble figures who have come and gone throughout history, but in terms of heart, they do not reach our standards. No matter how much Abraham suffered, he was not in the same heart position as us. We must realize how precious it is to connect with God in heart. We must prepare the connections inside and out for the national mission, hence we go out with the term blessing. The seven-year course is a period of suffering, so blessed families have been scattered across the land of Korea. In the 1960s, we must establish both internal and external standards simultaneously. Only then can the connections of restoration be made. If humans had not fallen, they would have first achieved external completion and then internal completion, that is, established heart, but because of the fall, we must first establish internal heart. Due to the fall of Adam and Eve, heaven and earth, and all of creation became associated with sorrow. Jesus was in an internal position, and Israel was in an external position, but the internal and external did not match well. The internal standard was broken, and as a result, the external standard was also broken. The Unification Church and established churches also have an internal and external relationship. To wash away the wounds of heart, we must restore the ties of heart. We cannot only meet external conditions. Therefore, we who walk the path of restoration have no way to avoid trials and suffering. The title of the message I want to give you today is "Do You Know Me?" The standard of salvation is that a person is born through the ties of parents. From the perspective of birth ties, Adam should have known first God, second Hae-won, and then the archangel. And all should grow up to ultimately know God's love.
278   Do you know me? The question of 'Have we been saved?' is also determined by God's love. There is no outward difference between fallen humans and restored humans. The only difference is whether God's love is present or not. Therefore, the heart is the most precious. Before knowing who the Savior is and clearly identifying and resolving who Satan, who hinders the providence of salvation, is, there is no relationship with God's love. The Unification Church has emerged with a clear understanding of such issues, so it is the best when it comes to matters of the heart. The reason the Unification Church develops is because it understands God's heart. We must find Adam and Eve, who are not invaded by Satan through principles, and receive God's love. No one in the world can reach the mission field of the Teacher. This standard is absolute, so the entire universe cannot help but unify here. God wants to teach us to recognize the position of Adam and Eve, who should know their Father. God has taught that children should know their Father, but humanity has failed to fulfill that responsibility, leading to 6,000 years of history. Humans have prepared for indemnity, but they have all failed to return through indemnity. Even those who were raised again have failed. In God's heart, which called out, 'Abel! Abel!' there was a plea to resolve the historical grievances of countless generations. When a person entrusted with individual responsibility fails to fulfill that responsibility, the next person who inherits that responsibility must bear double the burden, including familial responsibilities. When a representative fails to fulfill their responsibility, not only that person but also their successors who followed them must all pay the conditions for indemnity. You are the historical fruit. The 6,000 years of history is a history of God seeking us. However, God has not yet seen the fruits of His labor. We must recognize how many nails have been driven into God's heart by humanity. We must carry the double cross and move toward the global standard. We should ask, 'Please grant us the authority to judge good and evil on behalf of God.' We must establish such a heartfelt sign.

279 To indemnify all the conditions that have failed throughout history, you must establish a victorious standard centered around yourselves and create a connection for resurrection. This is where the term 'resurrection at the Second Coming' comes from. The Lord of the Second Coming is the ideal of Adam, Abel, Noah, John the Baptist, and Jesus. They are beings of such value. We should not stop at indemnity but must completely inherit God's love. To do this, we must develop vertical connections into horizontal connections and completely align ourselves before a central point of the era. Thus, we must establish a new starting point centered on the first love. The Unification Church was founded based on such a love connection. The Teacher is commanding you again regarding the providential history of restoration over 6,000 years. No matter how small a field you are responsible for, take pride in working for the greater purpose of the whole. That connects to the heart. You can establish conditions for indemnity centered on the Teacher. If you cannot fulfill your responsibilities, you must gather the world’s humanity to establish conditions for indemnity. You are the historical fruit. You must be able to stand in the place of the coming Lord on His behalf. We must establish providence and connections, and connect those connections globally. You must establish conditions that allow you to say, 'We have determined the global victory by overcoming Satan among ourselves.' Thus, we must make a global start with God. Once we surpass the national standard, the ancestors in the spirit world will cooperate. Even if you cannot fulfill what has been commanded to you, the spirit world will raise spiritual beings to carry out that work externally, so you will be able to stand in a position where that work is accomplished just by following along. God has sought the inner person for 6,000 years. We have also walked the path of hardship for seven years, shedding external materiality. We must reorganize the new heavenly nation. We are placed in the glorious position of establishing a foundation for victory. We are the fruit that cannot be changed even after giving history.

280   Do you know me? I am the fruit of Adam, Noah, Abraham, and Jesus. We must stand at the forefront of building the heavenly nation. You are civil servants of the heavenly nation, and those who have submitted membership applications are citizens. Now is the time to indemnify everything and welcome God. 
20) A person needed for the will
<Summary of the words> Looking at the current international situation, our country is facing a very difficult environment. If we can sacrifice the small for the sake of the great to achieve indemnity and restoration, and thus fulfill the will, you must understand that God will gladly carry out that work. You must know that violating the commands issued from the headquarters will cause significant obstacles even for future generations. If we bind our hearts and bodies together, taking responsibility for various regions in South Korea, and go forth with a single-minded will, the light will shine from tomorrow. The more difficult it is, the more we must face our historical mission. And we must achieve victory. If we are defeated, it means nothing. Until now, there has not been a true child whom God could boast about. We must walk that new path. I am confident that if we walk that path, even when we are lonely, God will not leave us alone but will push us from behind. If you want to raise someone, pray earnestly. Then it will be done. If you think of good circumstances as bad, you can only go strong. By 1970, the four-stage goal must be achieved. This was said on July 9, 1966 (Saturday), at the former headquarters church. * This statement was made during the completion ceremony of the special training session for regional leaders nationwide and is compiled from the July 1966 issue of <Seonghwa> No. 57.

282   You must understand the duty of being a person needed for the will. Until now, we have been chased, but now is not the time to be chased. We must earnestly feel that it is time to boldly carry out the work of heaven with a heart full of hope. (Omitted) The more urgent the situation around us, the more we must recognize that it is not an element of despair but rather a more favorable element for us to fulfill God's will. As Korea develops, the many spirits in the spirit world will cooperate. The existing local churches are currently receiving grace. However, that is not just for the existing churches but is a phenomenon where the spirit world cooperates with the earthly world at the end times. Yet, the existing church members do not know this. Now, we must ignite the hearts of our young people and lay the foundation for our will to achieve victory in a short time. If we resolve with our hearts and act with determination, uniting in prayer, not only the resurrection of families but also the resurrection of the nation will be achieved. Even if there are things you have not been able to take responsibility for, do not give up on them; if you put in several times the effort on that foundation, it will eventually be accomplished. Until now, the regional leaders who have been active have not had anyone with a standard within their own authority. We must surpass six years, that is, go beyond the sixth number and bring in the seventh number. There is only one significant opportunity to rise to the highest historical position. The most important thing is to reinforce human resources. You should not think of the events that occur in your region as just your own but as global issues. There must be many young men and women who can fulfill the responsibilities entrusted to them. If there are just a thousand such people, the land of South Korea is not a problem. We must achieve the purpose entrusted to us.

283 You must know that God is calling workers. We must create the needed people, even if it means becoming the servant of servants. From now on, we must shake off the past and work from a new perspective. We must not let the remaining members idle but must activate them. To mobilize the whole, we must strengthen the organization. In the second half of this year, we must resolve and pledge to work with all our sincerity. We must invest one-third of our members in evangelizing association members. Among the association members, we should categorize them into upper, middle, and lower levels, report this, and as much as possible, the upper level should be cared for by the association, the middle level by the district, and the lower level by the region. Once the normal positions are established, we will replace one-third of the regional leaders to solidify the horizontal standard while carrying out vertical work. Recently, the new members who join do not know much about the will of religion, but due to the merits of good ancestors, they have unconsciously come to have religion. Our operation moves around the regional leaders. God has already granted us the authority to win, so no matter how much anyone opposes, we can achieve victory. We must visit every village without leaving any behind to convey the words. Until the seven-year course ends, we must not hear that people did not know whether the Unification Church existed or not. From October, we must hold revival meetings. I hope everyone will put forth their utmost effort and fight well. Should we not be better than foreign members? The most needed thing is your successors. We must evangelize as many people as possible with a foundation of faith and establish them as our successors. If we practice this, we can achieve several times the results. 

21) The Unification Church is the Indemnity Church
Today, it seems that the members of the Third Church have gathered the most. In any case, the Third Church is enthusiastic. The Teacher commends the members of the Third Church who gathered today, even those who contacted us this morning after knowing. The First Church is like the roots of a tree, the Second Church is like the trunk, and the Third Church is like the branches or leaves. Therefore, I thought the members of the Third Church would be excited, and sure enough, they are. People do not like to see the roots or trunk of a tree; they like to see the leaves. Thus, we have divided the Seoul church into three. The purpose of church activity is that religious people go forth centered on the spirit world. The person who prioritizes the perfection of spiritual personality is a religious person, and there are many such spiritualists in the Second Church compared to the First Church. Those who are here for the first time may not know what a spiritualist is. A spiritualist is someone who communicates with the spirit world and moves according to the instructions given from there. There are many such people in the Second Church. However, it is problematic if the Third Church continues to spread alone. It must spread but remain rooted in the First Church. 

285 The Unification Church is the Indemnity Church. You must become a branch belonging to the trunk and a leaf belonging to the branch. If the roots and trunk remain still while only the leaves flutter, what will happen? Can they come out? They cannot. Therefore, the members of the Third Church must know how great the grace of the First and Second Churches is and be grateful. (Laughter) Why are you laughing? That is the principle. Can you take the leaves of someone else's tree and attach them to your own tree and have them become the leaves of your own tree? Even if you graft thousands of leaves in a day, if they do not receive nutrients from the roots, no matter how much you try to graft, it will be useless. The Teacher quietly observes that the First and Second Churches seem to be moving toward the Third Church's way. Numerically, is the order going from Third to Second to First? That seems to be the Third Church's way of thinking. When counting, we count 1, 2, 3… so the members of the Third Church should have that kind of concept. However, the Teacher does not dislike gathering and working together. The Teacher also has that temperament. It is just that we must emphasize the overall connection. We are moving forward centered on this will to move the Republic of Korea and the world. Thus, heaven must come down, and we must rise. However, the stronger the descent, the more we can rise swiftly. You must value the historical connections we have built up until now. If you are in the Third Church, you must be fully loyal to the Third Church. However, there is something you must keep in mind. For example, no matter how much a person rises to become a leader who moves the world and governs the nation, there is something they must never forget: their hometown and the connection with their parents. Similarly, you must value the connections you have made. If you forget those, you will not be able to become a leader of that nation. Once, I heard that members of the Third Church only greet each other when they meet and do not ask more, just passing by. In the past, they would follow along to share their circumstances, and if someone spoke to them, they would be grateful, but that sentiment has disappeared, and only a lonely wind blows. Why is that? Perhaps it is because they fear that if they know the development of their church, the pastor will be stimulated and move vigorously, so they just greet and pass by. The Teacher knows everything you have done even if you remain quiet. Also, I know it even if you do not report it. 

The points to note in church activities: The Teacher supports the Third Church from the heart. Moreover, the Third Church is in the stages of revival, growth, and completion, which is wonderful. This number three is indeed good. The character 'three' symbolizes the three-stage growth period when written correctly, and when placed sideways, it becomes the character for 'river.' Therefore, we must first establish the principled standard that allows this number three to function as three. The members of the Third Church must move based on the representative standards of our Unification Church and engage in exemplary activities, but they must not move from a position that loses the traditions of heaven. They must always proceed based on that tradition and that principled foundation. Furthermore, when their church develops, the responsible leaders must come to the headquarters and report all the facts of that development to the Teacher. However, until now, I have not seen a single church leader come to report to the Teacher. Perhaps they fear what will happen if the Teacher finds out, so they do not show up. Therefore, even today, it would be good if the Teacher could tell you, but if I start, it will take at least three, four, or five hours. There is a record of having spoken for twelve hours, but if that happens, you will all get tired and want to run away. Would you like me to speak? "Yes." How long would you like it to be? The Teacher has many things to say, but to do that, it would take one hour, two hours, or three hours.
287 You can't just do it with 287. You need to spend about five or six hours, but would that be okay? "Yes." If that's okay, I might talk, but wouldn't you all be tired? Since the teacher hasn't heard the report yet, I would like to hear the report first. It will take about three or four hours to report, and if the teacher talks for another three hours after that, it will take six hours. So, if anyone can't sit here for six hours continuously, it wouldn't be rude to leave now, so you can stay back there and leave without saying goodbye. Do you understand? "Yes." Then, please start reporting from Church 3. Discuss the mistakes personally with the teacher, and focus on the good things when talking. For a host to act like a host, the host should serve all the delicious food to the guests and eat the leftovers. Therefore, if we eliminate the bad stories, there won't be many good stories. Let's come out and report briefly. (Reports in the order of Church 3, Church 2, Church 1) Now, shall I say a few words about leading people? "Yes." To lead many people, you can't just feed them sweet water or honey water. That would cause side effects. Sometimes, you need to give injections without mercy. When you poke, you shouldn't poke the fingertips. You need to poke the center, right in the middle. Sometimes you need to push from behind, but there are times when you need to pull them by holding their noses from the front. There are many such times. So, if you institutionalize it like the world, form an organization with systematic and principled content, and make it move, it will be easier. However, a spiritual history cannot be done with that. Sometimes, you need to turn a sitting person upside down. Even if they are a respectable elder, there are times when you have to treat them like a foolish person and catch them. Many things will be hard to understand when viewed from the perspective of someone who has lived a normal life in an institutionalized society without knowing these facts.

288 The Unification Church is a church of restoration. If they understand and can welcome it, it does not connect with the heavenly kingdom. Sometimes, you need to admonish older people, and sometimes you need to grab young teenagers and give them a wake-up call. Do you understand? It is extremely hot. Everyone, it’s very hot, right? It’s not easy for me to talk either. It’s harder for me than for you sitting here. I have other places to go, but you are in a position where you are holding me back. Since I called you today, I have a responsibility to talk to you. So, keep that in mind, and there shouldn't be anyone dozing off. Here, whether you are a quiet person, an unworthy person, or a worthy person, everyone must listen. Also, there are times when you need to be strict on this path. If I scold, I will do it very harshly, to the point of losing affection. Even so, please understand? "Yes." In fact, I should do it without asking for understanding.... Words are indeed nice. If I say one word, everyone stays quiet, and if I give praise, they stay quiet, but if I say something unpleasant, strange signs appear. It’s either a sign of opposition or a sign of waking up, one of the two. To move this whole group, there must be opponents and there must be people to wake others up. Cursing is also necessary. By joking and scolding like this, your drowsiness will all run away. Such things are necessary to lead the public. When I held a meeting in America, the Americans were so tense that their eyes became triangular. They had very serious expressions, wondering what a young teacher from the East would say. At such times, you absolutely cannot make serious remarks. You need to turn things upside down. So I asked, "Everyone here likes to sing, right?" They all answered that they did. Then I said, "I also like singing, so I hope you can sing one for me. Can you sing one?" Then one of the members sang. After that, 

289 I had everyone sing. But you can't just make them sing. So then I asked, "Shall I sing one?" and everyone was happy. Once you do that, it becomes much more enjoyable. If you want to befriend someone you meet for the first time with formality and decorum, it can take ten years to make a ten-year friend. However, if you meet someone for the first time and casually say, "Hey, you! Why are you doing this?" and bump foreheads and punch each other, you quickly become close friends. In busy life, when will you have the time to greet and be formal? Even when speaking to a gathered crowd, saying politely, "You are originally good people, so you should be good people. However, because Satan has entered, you have become bad people, and I dislike bad people. So it's okay if I curse at you," is the style of established churches. When would that happen? The Unification Church style is a direct hit. It's a Unification hit. We go straight to the point. Now, I will write the title of today's message on the blackboard. Should I write it down or sideways? Writing down means the fortune of heaven is coming down, and writing sideways means the Unification Church must cross over to restore the world, so think of it that way. The title of the message I want to share with you at this time is "The Unification Church is a Church of Restoration." What does this mean? I dislike the term restoration the most. You dislike it too, right? "Yes." Then why are you sitting here? You are reluctantly sitting here, right? But it can't be helped. We have to do restoration.... The Unification Church is a Church of Restoration. Singing is the fundamental material that harmonizes with God. Knowing that, I will sing a song. However, I will not sing first. You all must join in. But it seems that more than 30%, 40%, or even 50% of you would prefer if I sang alone. Should I try singing alone? "Yes." Then I will sing from the position of the older sister of the baby, and you will sing from the position of the baby’s younger siblings. I will leave behind the hearts of adults. Is that good? "Yes." What song shall we sing? You choose the title. Shall we sing "Shining Korea"? Ding dong ding dong, the gentle rain gives the much-needed water, the waves crash and clean the house, the bright moon floats and lights the way, the snowflakes give strength, sister (the rest together) shining Korea, shining Korea, beautiful land, how wonderful it is! The strong mountains give birth to loyal subjects, and the winding streams give birth to virtuous women. We trim the trees of the mountains to build houses and harvest the grains from the fields to prepare meals. Shining Korea, shining Korea, beautiful land, how wonderful it is! When you sing "winding" while singing, you must really feel your whole body winding. So, what do we say it does? "It gives birth to loyal subjects!" What do the winding streams do? "They give birth to virtuous women!" And what do we say next? "We trim the trees of the mountains!" After trimming the trees of the mountains and building houses, we bring the bride and groom to live for a thousand years.... That's how it is. Do you understand? (Repeats the second verse) When I went to America recently, I heard the American women singing this song, and when they sang "beautiful land," they sang it as "Arundarun land." You should not sing "Arundarun," but sing it properly. (Repeats the second verse again) Now, let's sing the third verse. 

291 For countless years, may we live long, may our descendants spread widely, holding hoes in our hands, digging this land, living cheerfully and vigorously. Shining Korea, shining Korea, beautiful land, how wonderful it is! (Repeats the second and third verses) Singing is the fundamental material that harmonizes with God. Therefore, when singing, you should feel a sense of intoxication. I will sing one more song, "Love for the Homeland." The ancestors laid the foundation in this beautiful landscape, let’s pioneer together, united in land and castle. The flag of a new history calls us. Let’s light a fire in this life and let it burn brightly. Beautiful mountains and seas, my beloved hometown, the land of eternal bliss chosen by God. We all should live in such a world, right? There are countless people living on this earth, but they have never truly loved and experienced a true hometown. The standard of restoration is that you now have this country and the hometown where you lived in the past. This country has its leaders, its people, and its territory. And in your hometown, you have parents, relatives, and unforgettable siblings. You grew up there and formed an emotional bond that you cannot forget. 

292 The Unification Church is a Church of Restoration. However, when you think about the standard of feeling that you have regarding the country you live in or the hometown you are from, you must consider whether God has ever felt such a thing at any time. It seems that there has never been such a time. Our ancestors also did not have such a day. This is because the human ancestors fell. As a result, countless descendants have woven a history of sorrow and have lived their lives in a sad environment until now. God has never been able to love humanity to the extent that they love their hometown and country, nor has He been able to establish His sovereignty and govern this world. Therefore, the term restoration must come up. We must restore, but what should we restore first? We must restore the individual first. To restore the individual, we must long for the individual. You must understand this. There must be a standard for restoration. There must be a standard of hope for how you want to be. It must be like this.... My individual must be restored, my family must be restored, my tribe, nation, world, and the entire universe must be restored. This is the fate of the fallen world. To pave the way for this fate, what must we do? We must cross over all the peaks of restoration, starting from the individual. This is the path that fallen humanity must take. You are standing on the path of restoration, whether good or bad, and you cannot deny that it is the hope of humanity to reach a victorious day where you can stand before all families, all nations, and the universe and say, "Follow my example." For this purpose, we must go. 

293 Then, what kind of standard must there be for restoration? That standard is not the standard that you think is good, nor is it the standard that many people living in this world think is good. It is not a personal standard set by any past saints or sages. That standard is not set by human thoughts but is an absolute standard centered on God. And the motive of human history should have been God's heart, but due to the fall of humanity, God's heart could not become the motive of human history. Therefore, God has been carrying a grudge until now. The original standard is that you must know what the absolute standard centered on God's heart is. If humanity had not fallen while being in a position to communicate with God's heart, they would have become true parents, given birth to true children, and formed true families, true tribes, nations, worlds, and the true standard of the universe. However, today in the fallen world, no one knows that standard. Therefore, we must understand that God has been embracing fallen humanity until now to restore the original family, tribe, nation, world, and universal standard, centered on the term "restoration." God's hope is to find the nation and the world first, and to find the family before the individual. 


295 You prefer the nation over the ethnicity. Everyone, whose perspective is the national history of a country recorded from? Generally, it is recorded from the perspective of the sovereign. It is not the history of the nation centered around the people that is discussed, but rather the history centered around the sovereign. The history of the sovereign connects the past, present, and future based on the nation. The fact that the history of the sovereign can be connected in this way is because the law of heavenly fortune is such, and even in a fallen world, the history centered around the sovereign of that nation remains the mainstream of history. Even if it means sacrificing the ethnicity, the nation must be established. Even if it causes suffering to the 30 million people of the Republic of Korea, this country must be made into a sovereign nation that can be proud before the world. Furthermore, what does God desire more than that nation? The world. Establishing that nation is for the sake of the world. As you all know, the concept of indemnity and restoration cannot be achieved from an individual standpoint. Indemnity cannot be made while acting centered on oneself. There must be a standard for indemnity. Even to achieve personal indemnity, there must be an absolute standard. The people sent as representatives of that standard are the representatives who bear God's mission in the historical age. Whether it is Noah or Abraham, they were the absolute standards of their time. Therefore, even if one goes to a position more difficult than Noah's, there should be no complaints. In the time of Abraham, even if one goes to a position more difficult than Abraham's, one cannot complain, as that would mean failing to pass through the law of indemnity. In the time of Moses, because Moses came as the national indemnity mission bearer, even if he faced difficulties greater than those he endured, the people should not complain. Complaining would make them satanic. For this reason, the Israelite people who complained all perished. Also, in the time of Jesus, if the Jewish people had united around Jesus and stood in a position of absolute obedience without complaints, they would have been able to align with the standard of Jesus' ideology. However, they could not overcome that standard. 

296 The Unification Church is a church of indemnity. In this perspective, when we consider the position of the leaders sent by God, they stand at the center of that era. This cannot be abandoned. Therefore, even if one lives a personal life, for what should one live? One must live to find the family that God seeks. The reason God establishes individuals is to complete that individual while simultaneously completing the family. Thus, there is a dual indemnity applied to both the individual and the family. To receive this dual indemnity, one must bear a dual cross. Indemnity cannot be made in a comfortable position. One must bear the cross. Because we need this dual indemnity, Jesus also said, "Your household members are your enemies." Who imposes the cross on me? When considering who imposes the cross on me, it is my own body that imposes the cross on me. "Hey, when will God's will be fulfilled? After death, it's heaven or hell, so what's the point of suffering?" This means that the body becomes an enemy to me. Next, the closest family members become enemies. Thus, that person strikes back with the amount they can indemnify. Today's Unification Church members must clearly understand this. Just because one has won through their body and mind, God does not say, "Ah! You are a qualified victor." To stand as a victorious individual, one must first lay the groundwork for the environmental foundation. Just as God created man after creating all things, in the providence of restoration, God opened the way to start the providence at the center only after one has won over not only personal crosses but also family crosses. 

297 Without bearing the family cross, no matter how much one has won personally, one will face persecution and conflict again. However, if one can indemnify both personal and family crosses at once, the environment for starting the path to family completion will be laid, and the individual's standard of completion will be determined. This is something that must be clearly understood. Jesus came to this earth to complete the historical indemnity and restoration of 4,000 years, and he was the historical fruit of those 4,000 years. But why did he have to face persecution as the completed son of God? It was not because the individual was inadequate or incomplete. It was because the path of family cross indemnity had not been resolved that Jesus had to take such a path. Ultimately, Jesus left behind the relative ideology of bride and groom and carried the cross. Furthermore, the path of indemnity of that cross remains to this day. This means that the conditions for complete indemnity have not yet been established. So who must indemnify that? The bride on this earth must indemnify it instead. All humans living on the earth who have betrayed Jesus, the historical leader, that is, who have expelled the groom, must stand in the position of the bride and re-indemnify the historical indemnity. Therefore, since Jesus came as a world historical leader, until the global restoration path is completed, today's Christian believers must struggle with such dual crosses, from personal crosses to family crosses, national crosses, and global crosses. For this reason, even if a person has become a qualified individual to establish a purpose centered around a nation or an ethnicity, God expels them to grow them into a global figure. In any era, the people who were raised for that nation were not welcomed by that nation. Why is that? It is because God's hope is to assign them a mission for the world rather than a mission for that nation, and to make them bear a greater cross rather than a smaller one. 

298 The Unification Church is a church of indemnity. This is God's hope. This must be done to restore the world as soon as possible. Today, the Jewish people are scattered around the world, weaving the history of indemnity offerings, which is why there are no people who like Jews. When God establishes individuals, it is because people think that the offerings they make are conditions for their own atonement, which is why they like it; no one likes the offering itself. To be offered as a sacrifice, blood must be seen. It is dreadful. One must frown. Because God called the Israelite people, they must establish the overall conditions for indemnity. When they complete that indemnity, they will be able to stand in a position to indemnify on behalf of the many nations of the world. Then they will become a nation that shares blessings with the many nations of the world. This was God's purpose in establishing the Israelite people. However, the Israelite people caused Jesus to be crucified. Therefore, they were expelled to the Gentiles for indemnity. Only then can the Lord receive blessings when he returns. With the death of Jesus, believers in Jesus have been tracing the path of personal restoration, preparing for the global family restoration path, or partially tracing the national, state, and global restoration paths without knowing them. When the Israelite people, who were to represent God's will, became unbelieving, God placed them on the stage of global trials and made them indemnify. Until the trials of that history are completely over and the Lord returns, the Israelite people had no way to escape the path of that cross. For this reason, the independence of Israel centered around 1948 is evidence that a new providential era in world history can restart on this earth. 

299 God demands greater things than smaller ones. For an individual to win as an individual, it is absolutely not enough to bear only the personal cross. One must bear the family cross. To establish oneself as a family, one must face opposition from all relatives. Furthermore, to establish oneself as a clan or a tribe, one must face opposition from the nation and the ethnicity. From this perspective, our Unification Church has been replacing the history of indemnity that has flowed vertically for 6,000 years with a horizontal history. However, when it comes to the responsible teacher, what must always be kept in mind in carrying out the history of indemnity is that God does not deal with individuals for the sake of the individuals themselves but hopes for the families behind them. After that individual stands completely before the will and becomes an unchanging entity, they are commanded to take on family responsibilities and fulfill the central mission. This is the direction in which God operates. Therefore, when you yourselves can establish the conditions for indemnity and restoration before God as individuals, the family cross will be connected. Of course, one must also bear their personal cross, but then they must face opposition from relatives, the church, the tribe, and the entire nation. In this regard, it is unimaginable how blessed it is that we Unification Church members have faced persecution not only personally but also from families, relatives, churches, and nationally. The fact that everyone persecuted the Unification Church has provided the foundation for the simultaneous completion of the individual, family, tribe, nation, and state. God has been preparing this foundation until now. Now we must determine the standards for internal and external victory. For this reason, the year 1960 was centered on determining the standards for internal victory. We must restore the standards of personal victory, family victory, tribal victory, and national victory. This is what we should gather and push forward over the next seven years. When the mission bearer of each era wins, in terms of the era, the time of Moses was the national era. However, to stand before the nation, he had to bear the personal cross, family cross, tribal cross, national cross, and even the state cross. He had to fulfill responsibilities at five levels. Why did he have to do that? Because Moses was the center. At that time, there were no individuals who had completed their personal, family, tribal, national, or state responsibilities among the Israelite people. However, Moses won against Satan, representing the whole side of Satan. And Moses did not win based on individuals. Because he won on behalf of the entire humanity in a historical and cosmic sense, the victory of one individual, Moses, could be a victory on personal, family, tribal, national, and state levels. Because he won even against the Jewish people and the state, it was determined as a national victory. So when did that nation participate in the personal era, family era, tribal era, and national era? They did not participate, but if they completely believed in Moses, who stood on the foundation of national victory, and were grafted in, they could enter into the realm of benefits together. They could have indemnified the conditions of 40 years in just four days. For example, let’s say there is a thousand-year-old pine tree and a one-year-old pine tree here. The thousand-year-old pine tree has deep roots, is tall, and has lush branches. However, the one-year-old pine tree has shallow roots, weak branches, and only a few leaves. Nevertheless, the one-year-old tree is undoubtedly a pine tree. It belongs to the same family of pine trees that can grow in the same environment, under the same sun, with the same air, and absorb the same nutrients. Why has God raised so many era-specific mission bearers in His providence? It is to expand step by step. Since it must expand step by step from individual to family to tribe to nation, when the mission bearer of that era wins, those who follow him, even if they have not won at the personal or family level, can establish conditions for victory by following him. In other words, it is essential to understand that God has raised such providential leaders to complete the standard of indemnity and restoration based on the criteria of Cain and Abel. Jesus came with the mission of world restoration, but due to the unbelief of the Jewish people, he achieved the spiritual Canaan restoration and left. Still, if one completely believes in Jesus, even if they have been under the dominion of Satan until now, from that point on, they can cross over into the realm of global spiritual Israel. In this way, we must step forward on the foundation of the achievements that countless ancestors have built over many historical paths. To do this, what is needed? Indemnity. 

Now, the time when the interest of our Teacher is limited only to Korea has passed. Even in prayer, in the past, we prayed two-thirds for Korea and one-third for the world, but now it has reversed. We pray one-third for Korea and two-thirds for the world. Now is the time to prepare for the world. Therefore, we are striving to bear the cross of global trials and persecutions. We are also paying considerable attention to the current international situation and the movements of communism. To resolve these global issues, we must fight spiritually and take responsibility spiritually. The formal direction that those who bear God's will must go is to proceed based on some absolute standard. Since the path that God aims for is like this, there must be no slight difference in the way that proceeds based on that standard. There should be no personal emotions involved. Without adhering to principles thoroughly, and without aligning with that standard, the Unification Church cannot achieve global development. So what should you do? You are in a position to transition from a national mission to a global mission, so at this current stage...
302   The Unification Church is a church of restoration. It should not focus solely on activities centered around the Republic of Korea. Therefore, we have designated 120 holy sites centered around 40 countries. Before the time comes when Satan can accuse us on the world stage, we must establish the conditions for restoration in front of the world in advance. Only then can we ensure that there will be no failure. To set internal standards, we must struggle with global issues. In reality, the time has not yet come when we can align the members of the Unification Church with global standards. However, by going out first and enduring trials and suffering, you will be able to establish global conditions for restoration centered around the Teacher before Satan can accuse us. Do you understand what I mean? Additionally, in the age of individual restoration, if we bear not only the family cross but also the tribal and national crosses, the path of individual restoration will naturally be transcended. This seven-year course is a path where such content can be applied. This period is a time when the path of restoration I walk for the completion of my individual self can connect to the standards of restoration at the family, tribal, and national levels. However, this will not be the case in the future. Once the time is up and the persecution has passed, standing on a national standard will not allow for merit to be established. You will only be a following people. Therefore, God desires the world church more than the Unification Church and desires all of humanity. God wishes to establish not only on this earth but also in the countless spiritual realms of heaven and the descendants to come. So what should you do? You must pray for the spiritual world. However, if you pray carelessly, it is easy to lose blessings. You must understand that too. If you know that you stand on a national standard, it is acceptable to pray for the tribal standard for the spirits. However, if you are standing on a national standard, you should not pray for national blessings for the spirits. That is why you cannot pray for blessings carelessly. Until you know what level that person is on, you cannot pray for blessings carelessly.

303   Suffering and Restoration. When you receive grace and come into contact with the spiritual world, prayer topics will naturally arise. If you analyze what you have prayed for, you will see that the methods and content of prayer develop officially. When fallen humans first pray, if they try to pray about global issues, they will fall flat. Initially, they pray for the closest people, that is, for their parents and beloved children and spouses to be saved. As that era passes and develops, the content of prayer changes. Those who know God's will pray not for their own families but for the world. They understand their current position and what position God hopes for in the future, and they say they will pioneer the path of restoration from that hopeful position. Such a person is wise. Before such a person, God cannot help but act. That person will stand in the position of the number one loyal subject before God. When they act and produce results without God commanding them, God cannot help but respond to them. Because of such a person, all the people of that era will transcend. The Teacher has walked this path. Even if dragged into prison, he goes to the very bottom of that prison. Since it is a path of restoration, if there is a hundred things to restore, we must set a standard of heart that exceeds that, that is, we must establish a standard of ten thousand before God and transcend. Today, among those who go out to evangelize centered around our Unification Church, some, when they enter a place of suffering, say, "Oh, I evangelized for that village, but everyone in that village opposes me, and not a single person comes to church," and they become disheartened. Not at all! Do not be disheartened because they do not listen to the words. It is natural that they will not listen. This is because there are still paths of restoration that you must walk. Some people may be sent to a place where they must suffer greatly, but they do not suffer. There are those who are well-educated and good-looking, who seem like they could be representatives wherever they go, yet they still suffer greatly. Why is that? Because that person is connected to the Unification Church as an individual, but they have ancestors who have not yet fully entered a position where they can connect with the center. That person is restoring their ancestors. Only after restoring the ancestors can they be restored themselves; this is the principle of restoration history. Yet, even so, one should not just blame the people of the world. At such times, one must repent for the sins of their ancestors. Among the countless ancestors who have come and gone throughout history, there were surely those who were recognized as righteous before God, believers belonging to heaven. Therefore, those good ancestors must repent for their ancestors' mistakes beyond the standard of sincerity they established. There must be a period for that. Only after standing in a historically recognized position can one receive their own restoration and lay the foundation for individual restoration. One must depart from their current normal way of thinking. And they must quickly establish conditions for restoration regarding the past and present centered around themselves for individual completion to occur. When God created humans, He created all the elements first and then created humans. That is how it becomes normal. If the foundation is not normal, it cannot become normal. Therefore, one must honestly repent for all the sins flowing down from their ancestors and the sins they have committed themselves. Regardless of how long that period takes, one must restore and transcend. Those who have not done so will receive blessings but will still suffer greatly. The peak of restoration must be transcended anyway. In the path of restoration, one must restore the sins of their ancestors from the past and their own sins in the present before they can meet their own era. This is similar to how no one in the world can emerge as a person of character in society unless their family traditions and lives are in order. Thus, to start with oneself, one must recognize that there are conditions for restoration regarding the past and present. If this is not done, one will continue to go backward. However, when one goes back, they do not rise higher than the initial standard they started from; rather, they gradually fall lower than the initial standard.

304   The Unification Church is a church of restoration. Therefore, what phenomenon occurs? The will of the Unification Church is for the Teacher to lead and gradually expand globally, but as time goes on, those who follow the Teacher become emotionally confused, thinking, "Why did I do that back then? It would have been better to attend the old established church," and they become dazed. They become so depleted that they cannot regain their energy. No matter what good things others say, they do not feel sweetness. However, when God is with them, they gain strength and do not feel hunger; it is always new. Like young people in their adolescence, whether the content of the poems they write is good or bad, they feel that it is more sophisticated than anything written by any global poet. They feel that beauty. The division of the Seoul Church into the first, second, and third churches also has a providential meaning. It means that we cannot just leave you as you are. The more you stay here, the less courage you have to tackle national and global issues, so we had no choice but to divide. As we develop further, we will divide again on a family basis. The fact that the headquarters has split off means, in some sense, that it has fallen to a lower stage. Still, when responsibilities cannot be met, it will fall on a family basis. After that, in terms of organizational activities, one will go down to a personal position where they cannot go out under the name of the Unification Church. Then they must start again. From a providential perspective, this is such a time. And those who stand at the forefront of the will must now transcend nationally. That is why activities are going better in Japan than in Korea. God wanted to bless Korea, but if Korea cannot receive that blessing, it may depart. This is similar to how, in a family, when the husband cannot take responsibility, the wife is raised, and when the wife cannot take responsibility, the children are raised. In the restoration providence, when the parents cannot take responsibility, the children become the focus in finding the parents. When the father cannot take responsibility, hope is placed in the wife; when the wife cannot take responsibility, hope is placed in the children; and when the children also cannot take responsibility, they depart. Similarly, from a providential perspective, while the grace that moved around Korea may bear fruit in Korea, there is a greater possibility that it will bear fruit more quickly in Japan. So what should we do about this? We must quickly exchange. That is why the Teacher is planning to go to Japan with more than 12 leaders. This is to allow for mutual exchange so that we can live within the same realm of grace. When the Teacher asked the Japanese members to raise their hands if they could go abroad, two-thirds raised their hands. However, not a single young member from Korea raised their hand. This indicates that they have already taken the lead. If we continue like this, we will inevitably be surpassed by Japan. Therefore, we are strategizing in various ways.

305   What position are you in now? If you fall into a position where you have not taken responsibility in the seven-year course, then the Teacher will prevent the blessed families from coming to the headquarters and will say that you should not call him Teacher in the historical course. Just as the Teacher was born as a chosen people and established conditions for restoration, when you fail to establish conditions for restoration, the Teacher will say that he does not know you at all. It is said that one must be merciless towards the Korean members. You are currently in this process, and there must be at least a few people who can connect what has not been taken responsibility for until now and fulfill their loyalty to be able to recover. In fact, God seems to want to treat those who have just entered more closely than those who have already entered and failed to take responsibility. The Unification Church is a church of restoration, and you must consider what position you are in. You must be clear about the time. From a providential perspective, this is a time to transition to a national era centered around the nation, so what should you do here? You must become someone who thinks of the nation and the world rather than focusing solely on yourself. It is foolish to try to place others in positions of suffering instead of yourself. When the Teacher walked this path of restoration, he prayed to God, saying, "If there is a place of suffering, please send me there." Have you tried to take responsibility for the Unification Church? If you think about it quietly, you will know very well what position you are in right now. This is an urgent time. God's earnest heart is to restore the world all at once, even more than Korea. But how can we restore it? Many people must pay the price. Sacrifice is necessary. Blood, sweat, and tears must be shed. So through whom will this be done? Will it be through your ancestors or through your descendants? It must be done through you who are here. However, after walking for about 5 or 6 years, many have become exhausted and fallen. But the Teacher has not become exhausted. The Teacher did not teach how to become exhausted. So who taught you? It is that you have led yourself to exhaustion and have also fallen into Satan's tactics. Therefore, we must be driven into the place of suffering without mercy. In this era, we must establish the standards for national restoration and the standards for global restoration, and we must lay the foundation to confront the communist world ideologically and achieve victory. The foundation for this is the four-fold movement.

306   The Unification Church is a church of restoration. You must go through the path of restoration without fail. You cannot avoid it. If you do not go, you will be accused by your descendants. The Teacher felt many things after watching the movie "The Glory of Escape." When viewed from the perspective of the will, it is evident that the nation that should receive God's blessings has become so miserable because the sins of the heavenly principles that the patriarchs of Israel failed to take responsibility for have not yet been restored, and I felt that when the current Unification Church fails to fulfill its responsibilities, it will pass on the same burden to future generations. Likewise, if you fail to achieve the issues you are responsible for in your era, they will be passed on to your descendants. To prevent this from happening, you must have the mindset to take personal responsibility, even if you cannot take overall responsibility. However, how many people have such a mindset? You should ask yourself. What responsibility am I currently bearing in my position? Now is the time for national restoration, state restoration, and world restoration, so heaven hopes for people who love the nation more than the state and the world more than the nation, and who will be the vanguard in saving the world. Who will take responsibility for world restoration? Will it be you? You are in a position where you are neglecting personal restoration and also neglecting family and tribal restoration. How can you even think about national and state restoration? Your actions are inverted. However, the Teacher does not consider the current position in leading the Unification Church. From now on, there will be absolutely no forgiveness regarding the issues centered around what will be done. Whether asleep or awake, wherever you go, such matters must be addressed.
309 I am trying to think and view everything from that perspective. Therefore, the teacher does not want to lose to anyone in terms of sincerity. In emotional aspects, he gives but never receives. In the future, those in charge must set emotional conditions regarding their responsibilities. Otherwise, the Unification Church cannot develop at all. Your thoughts about the teacher are also fading. There are even people who think, "The teacher is the teacher; what does he have to do with me?" If there are people among you who stand in such a position, they are like sick individuals who have no sense. Such people cannot participate based on the connections of the restoration era. Then, there are only two paths now: to advance or to retreat. You know how the Unification Church will be in the future. So what will you do now? Will you move forward, stay still, or retreat? You must not stay still. If you remain still, you will fall behind. The providence is continually developing from a national era to a global era, and you must not remain still. You need to be more enthusiastic than in the past when you were still. If your enthusiasm is less than before, you will continue to fall behind. You are in a reversed situation. What you need to understand here is that the restoration must not be reversed. When looking at Cain and Abel, restoration occurs through Abel, not through Cain. No matter what global restoration you pursue, it must be centered on God. You must go forward with a single heart alongside God. Even if you walk the path, the standard of that path must align with God's goal. You must stand in a relative position regarding God. You must take a relative stance toward God with this mission in mind. You should think about this even when you eat, and you should sleep with that purpose in mind. Everything you do, every thought you have, and every feeling you experience must be for that purpose. In this relationship, do not reverse the order of things.

310 The Unification Church is a church of restoration. In walking the path of relationships and restoration, one cannot center on oneself; one must remain centered on relative relationships. So what is restoration? You must become Abel. What kind of Abel must you become? Is it a personal Abel, a family Abel, a tribal Abel, a national Abel, or a state or world Abel? How much have you prayed for this nation and this country centered on your own body? Have you prayed with the serious heart that your children are dying for the 3 billion people of humanity? When there is any miserable event in the world, have you felt a misery greater than that of the person suffering? Have you lived thinking about all of humanity on behalf of God? Have you had such a faith attitude? You are all vague and conceptual. You cannot restore anything from a vague position. You must set the order of relationships right. You must sacrifice your family to save your tribe, sacrifice your tribe to save your nation, sacrifice your nation to save your country, and sacrifice your country to save the world. This is the ironclad principle of restoration. How much have you devoted yourself to save your family, tribe, nation, country, and world by sacrificing yourself? When looking at this issue, you lack confidence. Therefore, you need a representative who stands on a standard. The one who comes as the absolute standard for all humanity is the Lord of the Second Advent. When you think about how much emotional groundwork you have laid centered on him, and how much you have struggled to support or rectify the path of restoration, you realize that you are still far from it. If you have made a resolution for the purpose, you should be able to lay down your life for your family or your nation. However, everything is vague. There is no one who acts like that even when they are on the brink of death. This cannot be. Your path must be clear. In the providence of restoration, the question is how you will handle the relationships of vertical and horizontal restoration conditions based on two types of restoration conditions. Have students loved this nation more than they study? Have husbands lived with a heart that loves their country more than their wives, and wives more than their husbands? Have you loved your country more than your own body and the world more than your own self? Everything hinges on this. When you look at everything, it is all centered on yourself. Only after restoring all of this can you finally find your place. Jesus has not yet found his personal place. Jesus carries the burden of global restoration, and until he establishes the condition of having walked that path to victory, he cannot enter into a personal position forever. That is why Jesus has walked the path of restoration for 2,000 years. Jesus wanted the saints on earth to fulfill their responsibilities in walking the path of restoration and to create a resting place of the gospel. However, the people on this earth have not fulfilled that responsibility. That is why the Lord who is to come must once again walk the path of the cross. How many Unification Church members have passed the standard of restoration? You have not even crossed the standard of personal restoration or family restoration, yet you want to settle down in that position. You must align your direction and heart with the will, devote all your sincerity centered on the will, and completely unite with God to govern that environment, accepting the social, national, or tribal cross as something you should bear and being grateful while overcoming it. Yet, how many Unification Church members have truly passed that standard? Even if you have a family, you must not think of your family first.

312 The Unification Church is a church of restoration. You must first think of this nation, this country, and all of humanity centered on the will. After shedding tears for that standard, you can shed tears for your own family without violating heavenly law. Only after dedicating yourself to that standard can you devote your sincerity to your family without being hindered. From this perspective, there are not many people among the members of the church of restoration who have passed that standard today. Therefore, these days, the teacher is praying to mobilize your ancestors in the spiritual world. He is trying to have your ancestors support you as you walk the path of restoration. That is why if there are many members who will not change regarding the will in the future, I foresee that many unfortunate incidents will occur due to those members. Even if you try to restore centered on yourself in the future, it will not be centered on your individual self but rather on your family, your tribe, and if you are from the Kim family, it will be centered on the Kim clan. If a few members of the Unification Church pray to take responsibility, restoration will occur on a tribal level. This happens because ancestors return to assist. Ancestors may strike and sacrifice their descendants to hasten restoration. Such events occur among Unification Church members who cannot take personal responsibility. Just wait and see if such things do not happen. The principle is set that way. The teacher knows that such a time will come, which is why he is making you suffer. Once you establish conditions of suffering for the will, you will be able to escape. Until the restoration of the world is completed, do not think about shedding the burden of restoration. If there is something good, if blessings are to return to this nation and this people, you should go to the world of Satan and share those blessings. Then, restoration will happen quickly. When that happens, the world of Satan will continue to retreat. That is the method. God works this way, but humans are stubborn. If they suffer even a little, they do not want to. As the time approaches, the teacher believes that you must be made to suffer mercilessly. This is to involve you in the global restoration path. Suffering is inevitable in establishing such conditions of value. Is that okay? You must first think of and love the people of the world. After this seven-year period is over, the teacher will be liberated. It will be exactly 21 years since the teacher embarked on the path for the will. From a providential perspective, 21 years is significant, so from this year to next year, you must establish a standard that can stand equal to the world of Satan and overcome it. In the Republic of Korea, the Unification Church must take the lead ideologically in the future. Regardless of how sovereignty changes, it must be so. If that does not happen, the teacher will make it happen. Now, what you must clearly know and think is to consider your current position as a global altar. You are in a family, but you are not merely a wife who stays only in the family, nor a husband who stays only at work. You must not forget that you are God's warriors who replace the global workplace. Even if everyone at the workplace initially does not like you, you must eventually make them all submit and receive praise. You must lay down such a foundation. Moreover, when you eat, you must not eat alone. Even when you eat, you must place the nation before you and say that you are eating with God. The steps of Cain and Abel are different. Just because you have entered first centered on the body does not mean that everyone is Abel. That is not the case. If you ask your conscience, you will clearly know. So what is the way to connect with the will? It is to distance yourself from what is close to you and think of those who are far away. The closer someone is, the less interest you should have in them. Sending close people to the world to save the world becomes the global restoration condition. When Jesus came to this earth to evangelize, he did not first try to evangelize his closest family but rather aimed to evangelize those who were farthest away. Of course, the Unification Church tried to raise those who took responsibility among close people to save those who were far away. After that, Christianity laid the foundation for restoration centered on the Gentiles. Therefore, even if the position you are in is a personal position, now, as the fortune of this era surpasses the standard of national restoration, all your thoughts must be directed toward the 30 million people of this nation. God has worked for 6,000 years to lay down a foundation to meet the 30 million people. You must love this nation with all the sincerity you can muster, as much as God looks upon this nation, and shed tears for this nation. You must consider all the unfortunate people in society as more than your own parents, siblings, or children. Even if you try to do that, when your heart does not genuinely move that way, what should you do? At that time, you should change the heart you have for your parents or children and try to give that to them. You must relate to the teacher with such a heart and tie yourself to him. You must align yourself with the teacher's standard. Otherwise, no matter how hard you work, you will not be able to establish the conditions for restoration. If you are asked to report on your inner faith life, the answer is simple. The teacher discerns the order of everything, returning the first things to God and keeping the latter for himself. Therefore, even if you love your own children, you must first love those who are connected to the world of Satan in faith before loving your own children. You must not love your own children first. Wherever you go, you must think that all those people are not strangers. You must think of them as your family. When you see elderly people, you should think of them as your parents and always have a heart that can hold them and weep together if they suffer.

315 Think of your emotional connection with God. Recently, there was a report in the newspaper about a family suicide incident; do not think of such things as someone else's issue. Those who have raised children would have felt it more deeply, but what do you think the parents felt when their beloved children begged for food after starving for days? They must have felt helpless and resorted to suicide. If you, who bear the mission of restoration, found yourself in the position of such unfortunate parents, what would you do? How many times has God found himself in such a difficult position, watching countless people go to their deaths during the path of restoration, unable to intervene and having to endure? When you encounter such unfortunate events, do not think alone. Connect your thoughts with your emotional relationship with God. Wherever you go, you must take a position that can unite with God. When you face difficulties in your life, you must pray with tears and struggle to resolve those issues and overcome them. If you appeal to God, asking Him to establish those conditions of restoration through your relationship with Him and the situation, that will become the condition for your restoration. You must accumulate many such conditions. Otherwise, you will always live as a debtor. These days, the teacher often goes to our factory, and sometimes when the weather is hot and he is tired, he sleeps there for about 30 minutes. Then, he feels like a sinner in front of the young people at the factory, filled with anxiety. So now, no matter how tired he is, he does not sleep at the factory. If he does not have such a heart of determination, the members of the Unification Church will not think of him at all. If that connection is severed, the Unification Church cannot develop. You are currently evangelizing centered around various local meeting places; what is your heart like? "What if those people die tonight? What if they go to hell?"
316   The Unification Church is a church of indemnity... Do you feel this way? If those people are your older brothers and your sons, what would you do? Do you have such sorrow in your hearts? Everyone, go visit the crematorium in Hongje-dong once. How empty is life! You will all die soon. These people are destined to walk the path of restoration, but what will happen to them in the end? While thinking about such issues, the teacher often went without food and cried. However, that time has now passed. When the teacher was raising you who are here, he led you through sleepless nights, right? This was because he thought that if these people were to die tonight, it would be a regret that he could not say everything he wanted to say. So he poured all his heart into it. Now the teacher has fulfilled his responsibility before the Korean people. However, you have not yet fulfilled your responsibility. You must walk the traditional path of succession. To do this, you must pray earnestly. Unification Church members think that everything will be fine without prayer, but you must pray. You must bind your hearts together and connect the fate of the times with your tears; otherwise, you must clearly understand that indemnity restoration will not happen. Indemnity is realized through practice. Recently, an elderly person who received the blessing passed away, and it seems that his son visited. When he thought quietly about his deceased father, he felt sorrowful. He did not serve him a bowl of noodles while he was alive, but only thought of it after he passed away. Regretting after someone has passed away is a characteristic of fallen humanity. The teacher felt a lot after visiting there. Now, you too, and the teacher will soon go to the spirit world; what will it be like then?

317   While you are alive, you can serve, but if you cannot take responsibility and stand in a position where you cannot say goodbye forever, what will you do? Such a time will surely come. You are in that position. When God advises you a thousand times, if you do not act, there will come a time when you will be bound tightly in the afterlife and unable to move. What will you do then? You have heard the words, and they have become a burden in your heart, but you have not acted according to your will... Will those words free you? Indemnity is not achieved through words alone, but through concrete actions. Therefore, you must realize that while you are in a good position to receive blessings, you are also in the most fearful position. Even on Sundays, you come late and sit at the back... This should not be the case. That is why the Unification Church is a church of indemnity, and Unification Church members are those who indemnify. Ask yourself what position you will indemnify from, and whether you have made a decision. Can you say that you have become a complete indemnifier by fulfilling your responsibility on behalf of your family or tribe? Because you cannot, you are being grafted onto the teacher. To do that, you must listen carefully to the teacher's words. There are not many people the teacher can confide in and talk to. It is similar to when Jesus said he had many things to say but could not say them all for fear that you could not bear them. Indemnity restoration must be fully disclosed. To indemnify centered on the family, you must disclose more than the secrets of the family; to indemnify centered on the tribe, you must disclose more than the secrets of the tribe; to indemnify centered on the nation, you must disclose more than the secrets of the nation; to indemnify centered on the world, you must disclose more than the secrets of the world. In the path of restoration, the relationship between the teacher and God must also be approached from this perspective. The teacher has many things he has not told you, and he is doing many things you cannot imagine. Therefore, you must have a lot of interest in the teacher. Even if you are scattered everywhere, you should have a yearning for the Unification Church in Cheongpadong that makes you struggle just by thinking about it.

318   The Unification Church is a church of indemnity. You should have the impression of climbing up and down this hill, looking at the walls and utility poles, and shedding tears. When the teacher is centered on God and the 'will', it is a feeling that pierces the heart even without explanation. How much have I cried while thinking about the will! The teacher has a long way to go, but he does not think that the path is difficult. He thinks it is the path he must take. Our Unification Church members should also have this mindset. How heavy is the burden of indemnity for the nation and the world that you carry on your back? Is this journey for your own sake or for the nation? If you ask yourself, you will know well. There is no need for a supervisor, and there is no need for a teacher. Your own heart is your supervisor and your teacher. When the teacher sees the young people working in the factory, he can immediately understand their standard of faith. When making a product in the factory, there must be a heartfelt sincerity. Why did this product come to the Unification Church's factory among countless factories? Why did it come into my hands to be used for God's will and to help pave the economic foundation? When you think about this, you cannot help but make it with a sincere heart. Such a heart must be in everyone's heart. The teacher has been thinking a lot while frequently visiting the factory these days. No matter what anyone in the world says, the teacher thinks he must walk the path he has to walk as a teacher. Based on that standard, he does not want to entrust his responsibilities to anyone else. The people at home do not know anything. He does not talk to anyone. He wonders what he is thinking... The people in the factory might think, 'The teacher is busy, so why does he come to the factory every day? He doesn't have to come every day.' But that is not the case. There may not be much difference between what he saw last night and what he sees this morning, but if there is even a little improvement today compared to yesterday, he feels inspired by that difference. Even when making the same machine, if there is something that has improved compared to yesterday, it excites him. This is how we plant our flag. Only then can we praise God and set conditions before God. Therefore, to a certain extent, the teacher must do this. When we move forward like this, if something hinders our plans, we will find a way, whether we are cut off or face some incident. The opening or closing of the way depends on your cooperation. You do not understand the path the teacher is taking. The teacher may seem to be taking risks now, but in the end, everything will be accomplished. You must say, 'God, please grant me some indemnity centered on me.' When you offer a sacrifice to God, it does not end with just giving it because God told you to give it. You must also be able to voluntarily offer sacrifices. Why? Because the sacrifice given at God's command is for indemnity, but the sacrifice given voluntarily becomes a condition to receive glory. The teacher himself has taken on the national responsibility, walking the path of tears around this country and this nation, but how close is this country and this nation to the Father, in a beloved position! This country and this nation have not yet experienced a day when they can rejoice and praise the Father. To meet such a day, it cannot be centered only on the Republic of Korea. It must go through the world. Knowing that such a tremendous task must be done, each person must take responsibility for the burden of indemnity. If there are those who cannot go out to witness, they should pray even at their workplaces. Of course, they work to receive a salary, but they should not think it is for themselves alone; they should think they are working for the 30 million people of the nation and strive for a higher place. It is God's love that pushes you into such a position quickly. Therefore, you must understand that the more you suffer, the closer you become to the center.

320   The Unification Church is a church of indemnity. Now you must always move forward through this center, and to do that, you must pray. <Prayer> We sincerely hope that the days we walk toward the will may become days of the Father's glory. However, having spent many days without many such days this year, we feel sorrowful and cannot express what we can say before the Father. However, knowing that we must walk the path you have ordained, we thank you for allowing us to reaffirm our hearts to want to go today and tomorrow. We are grateful for the day when your children, who were scattered in all directions, can gather again at this Cheongpadong Church and resolve again from a new position. Father! How many sad things have there been in the history of the restoration path? We reflect on the immense sorrow of the altar built by countless Christian believers who were bound by the shackles urging them toward the path of death and the tears shed by our ancestors who came through the historical path. Father, the mission of this age is so great and immense that the more we think about it, the more we bow our heads before you and shed tears, regretting our past shortcomings. Today, we cannot help but lament our irresponsible selves. You are the Father of mercy and the Father of heart, so we earnestly hope that you will always seek and remember those who call you Father with a heart full of tears, rather than those who come with many achievements to boast about. The heart of fallen parents in this world also wants to love their children more than they did before they chastised them, so how much greater is the Father's heart when we are commanded to take responsibility on the path of restoration, comforting us when we are struck and chased? Let us not forget that your heart is to raise up children who can call you Father and comfort you in that position, so that they may eternally praise you in the world of heart. Until now, the path of the Unification Church has been a sorrowful path. I know well how pitiful it has been to follow the Father's command amid the misunderstanding of others. It has been a path that could not help but be immersed in sorrow that cannot be alleviated even with words of comfort, but I know that now is not the time for that, and I realize that it is not your wish to remember the past with sorrow as we trace history. Therefore, the day must come when we can proudly proclaim our sad history with joy, but because we have not had such a day, we feel even more sorrowful, and the more I think about how the Father must feel, the more humbled I become. How much effort has the Father put in to gather the Unification group and move this altar? He has chastised those who play and commanded those who are asleep to wake up. Even now, I know that the Father still has circumstances that require us to reaffirm ourselves in such an environment of adversity. I know that this sorrow remains in the universal path of indemnity. You must command us to take care of the individual, then the family; to take care of the family, then the tribe; to take care of the tribe, then the nation; to take care of the nation, then the world. Let us understand that the Father is the one who must command us to do so. Let us realize how pitiful the Father's position is, watching us as we must go through the bitter path of indemnity on the path of restoration. Because there are no filial sons who know the Father's position, we understand the Father's sorrowful heart, which cannot command us even if he wants to.

321   The Unification Church is a church of indemnity. We hope that many true children who can prepare themselves for the purpose of your command and call you Father will be here. Father! If there are such sons and daughters on the three thousand ri peninsula, please grant them your love. There are those who call you Father from that position, so please hold them and comfort them with a heart full of tears, and we earnestly hope that you will set up the shield of victory and repay the enemies who mocked them. We wish for you to repay the enemies of your children rather than my enemies, and we hope that you will fulfill their requests more than mine, Father. That day must come soon. It is human nature to dislike even a few days of continuous heavy rain, but when we realize that in the 6,000-year path of restoration, there could not be even one person left in such a tedious position that you have endured, please allow us to end the tedious history of indemnity as soon as possible. To do this, we must be true children of yours who can struggle to walk that path alone, even while receiving the rain of persecution. Let us understand that we must be such children. Even in the place where the nation has betrayed countless times, when we recall the era when a small group cried out for the Father along the lonely path, let this place be one where we can reflect once again on how sorrowful it is not to be able to approach the Father's heart even while gathering many people. When I think of the true heart that longed for the Father in the past, let us realize how much more unfortunate our current free environment is. To do this, we must be your children who can strike our own bodies and confront the environmental crosses rather than being pushed around by external persecution.
323 It must be so. Now, we must become your children who can realize that this remaining path is one that we must walk as a journey of indemnity. Father! How much have You endured through the countless historical paths! How great was the sorrow of the Father who has traced back 4,000 years of history to nurture Israel, and how much effort You put forth to create a foundation of blessing, a foundation of national victory for the Jewish people who were betrayed before many nations, which You intended to conclude through Jesus. Yet, when Jesus was oppressed and the national foundation collapsed, how great was the Father’s sorrow and grief! I earnestly hope that You will once again tolerate the poor nations that do not know this. The day has come when Israel can be liberated, but we believe that the second founding day must come when the people of Israel can once again praise and live with the Father. Father, as we think about having to meet that day again, I earnestly hope that You will allow us to have a thorough mindset that we must support and contribute to that process. Even if we are in a limited position, let us know that it is not a restricted place. As we feel that we are standing at a focal point that weighs heaven and earth by connecting the fate of the world, may we become children who can take responsibility for the path of indemnity and restoration in a larger field. As the fortune of the times grows, may their impatient hearts increase, and may their earnest hearts before the Father grow stronger. We thank You for gathering us here today, and when we meet again, please allow us to gather with some conditions that we can boast about before the Father. May all the efforts of Your children fighting centered on Your will in various places in South Korea be allowed to be fulfilled according to the providence You are orchestrating, and in the world, may the Unification Church be known as the church of indemnity. There are many children praying for Your will even in lonely places, so please bless them, and quickly fulfill their wishes so that they can meet the day of Your restoration. May this day be received with glory, and I earnestly request that Your children be able to pledge themselves to the path of indemnity with a new determination. I have conveyed all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen.  
22) Let’s Fulfill Our Responsibilities  
Wherever you go, if you find a place that seems similar to what the teacher has said, take a picture and send it. Then the teacher will circle some of them and send them back to you. How delightful and grateful it would be to find a holy site! God, who is carrying the cross, how many people can be mobilized right now? Does everyone want it? Study? Of course, studying is necessary. I will ensure that you study at least to prepare for the future. However, now is the time to achieve victory. Only by achieving victory can you study. God carries an eternal responsibility. That position is not a comfortable one. He bears personal crosses for fallen humanity, family crosses, and even national, global crosses, while receiving the arrows of the enemy. And He must establish one offering to carry out the indemnity. Looking at this world, there are countless people who are dying as sacrifices to the law of indemnity even at this moment. There are also many who are unknowingly dying for personal indemnity. Many people are dying from the indemnity of fulfilling their responsibilities. When the spirit world commands, “You should do this,” they do it without realizing it. Or if they are told, “You must be crucified like Jesus,” they will be crucified. There are many who fast for 40 days. Even now, many are disappearing as tragic sacrificial victims to restore the world. Will there ever be a comfortable day for God, who is watching the battlefield of world restoration? Will God look at this world and say, “Oh, how nice! I want to live for a thousand years!”? Even if He hears such words, He would not be able to endure it and would say, “Oh!” From God’s perspective, how miserable must it be to look at this world? All of this is the result of human fall. At first, when people face the will, they say, “Wow!” and are happy, but after about three years, many fall away. It doesn’t even last seven years. The seven-year course of the Unification Church today is a course of judgment. Those who think they are great come in but cannot conclude the seven-year course. They may pass the first few years, but even those who have risen high cannot conclude. God is trying to complete the providence of restoration on earth centered on us, working together with us. When He says go, we must go. Do not think that the teacher will rely only on Korea today. The teacher does not rely solely on Korea. Until now, the teacher has been unable to carry out the plans made abroad. However, from now on, he will bring foreign youths to work for this nation and this people. Even if the teacher is not in Korea, he will bring foreigners to do such work in Korea. Nowadays, when the teacher looks at you, he feels that, except for a few people, everyone is going to hell. No matter how much he tries to forgive, he cannot help it. Even if it is the enemy nation, the Communist Party, there is a responsibility to forgive and save, but the teacher also cannot help it. However, people forgive once and then again, but it is only at that moment. Their hearts turn away. Then what are they trying to do? Just wait and see what happens to such people. The teacher has walked this path, even if those whose hearts have turned that way have decided to “let’s endure.” What the teacher is most worried about now is about you. I want to take away everything I have given you until now and replace it. In the past, when local members came to see the teacher, he would run out to meet them even if he was sleeping. For whom did you come here? Did you come to be a plus for the teacher, or did you come to be a plus for God? Or did you come to be a plus for yourself? When commanded to do something, you do it, and when you see the tearful pleas, it seems like there are a few years left, but later it turns out that it is not so. God is the same. What the teacher is most afraid of is whether God will love as much as he promotes Korean people. If God does not love, I will also be moved. When it is said that I will be moved, it means that it is right to hold on. That time will surely come. When the teacher started this path, he left with nothing for his family to eat, carrying only a bag. When He says go, there are no excuses. He did not send a single letter or postcard home. He left thinking that if he didn’t die, he would meet again. We must go to find the heavenly path from a position of having cleared everything and being empty. Only then will God acknowledge it. If that happens, absolutely, one’s family will not starve to death. They may suffer for a few years, but once that time passes, their path will open, and my path will also become comfortable. Thus, the path of indemnity and restoration is harsh. When this happens, we can feel the heart of God when He lost Adam and Eve, and we can understand the heart of God looking at His children who left home.  
328 Let’s Fulfill Our Responsibilities. We all learn from that perspective. The teacher plans to tour the nation this week. Wherever he goes, he will have people check if there is a Unification Church there. If he is curious about a place, he will ask the children, “Is there a Unification Church here?” If there is no Unification Church, the teacher will not be able to hold his head up. At that time, he will have to pray before the Father for hours. It is time to restore families, and now you must know what time this is. Of course, the whole is important, but you must place your entire family, centered on your father and mother, before the will. So, just like when the teacher started the Unification Church, when friends come to your house, you should create a home where they can say, “Wow, this place is better than my house. Even if I eat barley rice or porridge, it is tastier than my home food. Just let me stay one more night.” A family that makes friends want to leave their own homes and come to yours will become a heavenly family. If there is anyone among the Unification Church members who has not thought about wanting to visit the headquarters where the teacher is, that person is not a Unification Church member. It is not because the teacher is lacking, but because the Unification Church members are lacking. Such a person is not a Unification Church member. The teacher is confident. There are no conditions before the will. It is unconditional. Since you have received without conditions, you must give without conditions. Because your mother and father gave birth to you, you must give unconditionally. That is how families must be restored. What you must take responsibility for is to repel the enemy Satan and liberate your parents and families. When that happens, national liberation will be achieved from there. Moreover, because parents love their children, it is easier to evangelize. It is rare for older people to even talk to their parents. However, you can evangelize your loving parents as much as you want. Knowing that this is the time, you must put your whole heart into evangelizing your parents. When you unite in one will and receive the blessings of heaven, creating a blessed family, there is no greater happiness than that. Know that this is a greater blessing than having hundreds of doctoral degrees, and I ask that you become those who fulfill the tremendous responsibility of restoration placed before you.  
23) Suffer in a Low Position  
<Summary of the Message> There is no true joy in a position that is being invaded. There is still struggle there. Therefore, we must stand on the ground where we have shed tears and blood from the very bottom. When the economy improves, we must help the family members who have suffered. The purpose of the fourfold movement is first to promote externally, second to allow the members to feel the new fortune of the providential time and undergo internal regeneration, third to create expectations for evangelizing established churches, and fourth to create opportunities to mobilize members. What God cannot be pleased with is that He is still standing in a position invaded by Satan. To love children, one must love them with a heart for the world. What has been devoted is not a failure, even if it fails. It contains the internal elements that can rise again. The teacher rebukes in front of the great ones so that their mistakes can be completely cleared. Also, the listeners sympathize. Because it happens in a place where the spirit world is watching, if they sympathize from the spirit world, it will be cleared up quickly. A filial child is someone who is often beaten with a heart centered on emotions. Abel is the one who is most often beaten centered on God’s will. Abel has conditions under which he can be beaten. If you strike Abel, someday Abel will have conditions to strike back at those who struck him several times. The Unification Church has developed because it has been well beaten from Abel’s position. Before the seven-year course ends, one should not hope to live well. One must go down to a low position to the point of feeling sorry for breathing, to the point of being ashamed to look at the sun and moon. God’s promise is the highest. To receive it, one must work hard. Do not hold onto resentment for long. If you hold onto resentment, even if someone prays for you, that prayer will rebound. The reason why amazing things do not happen in the spirit world in the local areas is the responsibility of the district leaders. What I fear the most is the lowering of the standard of the heart. When I was tortured by the Communists, my desire for revenge reached the heavens, but I could not strike before heaven struck, so I prayed for five or six hours. When I say, “Father!” when that heart is far away, I must desperately restore that heart. I must abandon a faith that is only a means. If I cannot stand on the highest standard of heart, I must at least stand in a position to receive sympathy from the members. Being high does not mean being high, and being low does not mean being low. If one establishes loyalty in a low place, they are alive. Now, I do not want to be in a position that makes God work hard. Therefore, let us not become those who owe debts through our devotion. The seven-year course... the time that comes only once is passing by. What will you leave behind at this time?  
24) God’s Heart and Our Responsibility  
Mark 15:34 <Summary of the Message> The land we live in cannot be called a world planned by God. No matter what you look at, it cannot be seen as a world where God’s will is fulfilled. Countless histories of sorrow have unfolded for the world to become this way. Whether it is personal sorrow, family sorrow, or any sorrow, it must be understood that it is not sorrow created among humans but sorrow caused by the battle between God and Satan. God, who wields the whip against His children to seek something greater, has been more sorrowful and miserable because the miserable affairs of humanity have been reflected in God’s heart. God has been more miserable than any individual, any nation, any country, or any world. No matter how miserable a person may be, there is no one more miserable than God. God has looked upon humanity with a heart more painful than a mother watching her beloved child die. To clear away this miserable and evil world today and to establish a world of goodness...
333 It is God's situation that things cannot be done. Humanity, born as fallen descendants, must establish conditions for restoration and seek the path of return. Our ancestors have suffered from those who opposed and persecuted them every time a new truth emerged. Throughout history, those sent by God have been given the mission to restore fallen humanity back to its original world, which meant that God had to push them into even more miserable circumstances than those of the fallen. You must understand this fact. God struck individuals to save families. In order to save something greater, He did not strike those who opposed but instead struck the sons and daughters who were raised in their place. You must remember that God's heart was indescribably pained when He wielded the whip against His children to save something greater. The path that the Israelite nation, which must be loyal to God, has taken has been accompanied by unspeakable suffering, and they have faced challenges on behalf of other nations. For this reason, God promised to send the Messiah to that miserable nation. Jesus was the hope of all history and the universe, a being that could not be exchanged for 4,000 years of history or anything else. Yet, Jesus was born in a miserable place, in a stable, and stood in a position where He could not reveal His identity and had to flee. Moreover, the high priests and scribes, who should have been loyal to Jesus, were not. Ultimately, the Israelite nation drove Jesus, who represented the purpose of human history and God's creation, to the path of the cross. God understood Jesus' situation better than anyone, but He could not overlook the personal circumstances outside of the principle. Thus, God could not directly protect Jesus until just before His death and had to stand in a position of abandonment. When Jesus cried out on the cross, “My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?” (Matthew 27:46), and God seemed indifferent, if Jesus had only intended to betray God, He could have completely turned against God's heart and our responsibility. You must understand that God, who could not face this miserable situation with acknowledgment, was even more miserable than Jesus. If there had been even a response of “Oh, my son!” when He cried out, “My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?” Jesus could have joyfully faced death. The loyalty of Jesus, who offered everything regardless of whether God accepted it or not, brought a new turning point in history. Such loyalty from Jesus could have turned the world of Satan around. Because God is the subject of love, He did not abandon even the fallen descendants but continued to look after them. God wanted to open a way for the forgiveness of humanity, which was being ravaged in the hands of Satan, even if it meant sacrificing Jesus. Therefore, God sought to save fallen humanity even at the cost of abandoning Jesus. Because of this, Jesus' death could indemnify the sacrifices of 4,000 years of history. The resurrection of Jesus meant that humanity could also resurrect thereafter. Now, after 2,000 years of history, the world is uniting around Christianity. God has judged. However, we must first understand whether to strike the enemy or to strike the beloved child first. Before the world is judged, there must be families, tribes, and nations that can represent the world. Judgment means striking the enemy. However, in order to execute judgment, there must first be a group that can stand in the position of representing heaven before striking down the world of the enemy. This group and this nation must inevitably weave a miserable history due to their historical connections. Today's Unification Church did not appear to judge the world but rather to stand in the position of receiving judgment before the world is judged. Therefore, we have been beaten personally, driven out of our families, and have suffered unjustly from our relatives. However, the more we find ourselves in such positions, the more we must dig deep into the ground and firmly establish our roots. Yet, many have grown weary in such positions. Many have hesitated, thinking the path ahead is long and arduous. However, you must know that the Father has not grown weary. We have sworn loyalty before God, and God has loved us. Therefore, we must become people who can say that even if heaven and earth change, we cannot sever our connection with God. Even in the situation of collapsing on Golgotha, crying out, “Abba Father, why have you forsaken me?” our heart must be greater in holding onto God than anything else. Through the loyal group that risks death, the new victory of resurrection will be achieved. We, the Unification group, must analyze ourselves once again from this perspective. We should find ourselves in the place of death, yet those who wish to avoid that place must be judged. What kind of position do you wish to go to in order to become a greater ship? Of course, you would want the highest position. And what kind of loyal child or faithful servant do you wish to be? A loyal child or faithful servant in a position that anyone can take is not significant. Jesus fulfilled loyalty and filial piety in a position that no one else could, which is why God could resurrect Him. However, Jesus was resurrected only as an individual. Therefore, we must resurrect Jesus in our families, in our nations, and in our world in the future. Only then can the history of resurrection unfold beyond the summit of Golgotha. 
336 When comparing the loyalty of the prophets and sages who have come and gone in history with our efforts, our efforts are so minimal that they are like floating clouds. Thus, our efforts are small. Nevertheless, the environment that has unfolded before us is enormous. Therefore, if there is effort, it must be acknowledged that God's effort is the greatest, and feeling ashamed and struggling in that light is the only normal attitude of faith. Let us remember the enormous fact that due to our mistakes, the processes of national and global judgment remain. The Unification Church that the teacher envisions and the Unification Church that you envision are vastly different. When viewed from the perspective of being the children of God's hope who have historically emerged, you stand at a very distant point. Of course, it is necessary to take pride in the past. However, today we must live looking toward the future. How can there be no path of Golgotha in the course of our lives? Only when the typhoon blows do we realize that even a large ship is small. We must have the determination to become a greater ship. The heart of the teacher regarding the will is impatient. This is not just my heart, but it is God's heart. Among 3 billion people, 30 million are falling into hell every year. Who can resist this death? Let us consider how urgent God's heart must be as He watches His dying children. Who can comfort the heart of such an urgent Father? Jesus could not do this either. That is why Jesus is returning to fulfill the unfulfilled desires of His heart. We are the warriors who have stepped onto the path of restoration. But where are we currently planting our flags? Have you ever felt that you cannot sleep peacefully in the coffin until the will of the great man is fulfilled? Is there not a warrior who is willing to jump into the enemy's territory with shells in order to save the nation and the world? Have you discovered yourself living in tears because you cannot fulfill your responsibilities, even though the path ahead is too long and overwhelming? Some members of the Unification Church sometimes feel that they are too shameless. I do not feel that way. The most serious concern I have as a leader is how to indemnify the path of the cross. If you understood that God is governing this nation through your struggles, there should be groups willing to struggle and serve. Nevertheless, many people run away at the slightest difficulty. No historical leader has started from a joyful position. Everyone has started from the worst, saddest positions. Jesus was oppressed from birth and sometimes had to eat the heads of grain because there was no food. However, because He could fulfill the principle of salvation, salvation was revealed through Him. The teacher does not wish to see glory in this generation. There are still contents around us that can cry out, “Abba Father! Why have you forsaken me? Why have you forsaken my family, my tribe, my nation?” If there is someone who truly knows this situation and can cry out like that, he can become the protagonist of the nation. The path to the cross does not lead to resurrection. It is only after crossing the cross that resurrection exists, a fact that no one has yet understood. No matter how beautiful the world may come, without concrete standards, it has nothing to do with me. Now, history is unfolding centered on the principle, so we must achieve the purpose of our faith. Regardless of our appearance, we must have the confidence that we are the sons and daughters recognized by God through blood and flesh. We must establish a connection with God through the seven-year course. To do this, we must stand in a position where we can receive God's compassion and love. In the remaining time, we earnestly hope to become one heart and one body and run together. 
338 Let us fulfill our responsibilities to achieve the will. The place where God can draw near is not the ordinary daily life environment you currently live in. Only after breaking through difficult adversities will God's grace be with you. You must establish a new connection with God beyond adversity for Him to be with you. What kind of heart should you have for the will to be fulfilled? Unification Church members cannot achieve the ideal world that God desires without leveling the high and low places surrounding them. Until now, there has not been a single son of true hope who can please God and make the universe rejoice. The reason heaven has been empty until today is that there has not been a true child of God's hope on earth. That heaven is undoubtedly a place where everyone wants to stay. However, since there have been no beloved children on this earth since the moment the ancestors of humanity fell, heaven has remained empty. For this reason, the entire universe has become an object of God's sorrow and has not been able to return joy to God. October 14, 1966 (Friday), noon, Gwangneung (located in Jinjup-myeon, Namyangju, Gyeonggi-do). * This message was given when the members of the Seoul First, Second, and Third Churches gathered in Gwangneung to commemorate the 16th anniversary of the teacher's release from Heungnam Prison, and it has been compiled from the December 1966 issue of <Seonghwa>, No. 61. The title was added by the editor.
340 Let us fulfill our responsibilities to achieve the will. You cannot serve both the world and God at the same time. That is why God has been carrying out the work of dividing this world until today. We, the Unification Church members, hope that the will will be fulfilled soon. Of course, the will must be fulfilled quickly. However, while hoping for the will to be fulfilled, there is no one taking responsibility to achieve it. If the will is to be fulfilled quickly, we cannot remain idle. We must not forget that God is continuously employing extraordinary strategies to achieve effective victory. God has been fighting for 6,000 years to effectively fulfill the will, and He is still fighting at this moment. However, the will is not fulfilled by God alone. There must be someone to fulfill the will. Until now, the history of sorrow has continued for 6,000 years because there has been no one who could fulfill the will. We are now saying that the ideology of the Unification Church is a heavenly ideology. However, in order to realize this ideology, is there anyone who has any achievements in relation to the God who has been earnest? Of course, the will must be fulfilled. However, for that will to be fulfilled, there must be corresponding achievements on my part. Without that, the heart that desires the will to be fulfilled may rather become a rebel against God, and you must understand this. Therefore, we must have something that can be a catalyst before all people. Why must the will be fulfilled? Those who think that fulfilling the will will make them better are rebels against God. Those who think that they will be materially happier than Americans, etc., are also rebels against heaven. We must hope for the will to be fulfilled from the perspective that when the will is fulfilled, God the Father will rest. On the day the will is fulfilled, I must prepare my wedding clothes and think that I will participate in this way. Without being able to present myself in a way that can appear before that Father who has historical grievances, I cannot appear before Him. 
341 You must think more and more about whether you have fulfilled your responsibilities with the heart that says, “I am rather afraid that the will will be fulfilled quickly. I am afraid that I may not have done what I should as a leader.” If you do not have the conditions to welcome the Father before the Father who has endured and waited, you will end up sending back the Father who has come to you after great hardships. We must be afraid that we might become those who rejoice at seeing our will spread everywhere and say, “Heaven, come quickly,” only to send God back again. Are you hoping for the will to be fulfilled quickly because you want to escape from the miserable environment you are in? Or are you hoping for the will to be fulfilled quickly to relieve the miserable cross that the Father is bearing? Analyzing that heart reveals whether you are on the side of Satan or God. Are you truly in a position to welcome the Father and let Him rest? Those who only pray, “God, please fulfill this,” are rebels who do not understand the heavenly mission. The Father must be welcomed on level ground, but since the Father is still on the battlefield, we must also defend that position. The more earnest the heart is for the will to be fulfilled, the more urgent the work becomes, and you must understand this. You must unify yourself to unify the world. You are living in anxiety and impatience, not knowing when you might change. Therefore, even in terms of heart, you do not know when you might betray God. Do you think that the environment we live in is an environment where God can be welcomed? Before the will is fulfilled, we must become members who fulfill the responsibilities to achieve the will. Can I truly claim to be living while holding onto the point of complete victory and peace? I must think about whether I can truly welcome the Father in the place where I live. We must quickly prepare the foundation for victory. God desires a level ground.
342   We must fulfill our responsibilities to achieve the purpose. That plain is a place that can only be reached after crossing the rugged mountains. Therefore, the path we walk must align with the path of atonement that God has walked. We are a group meant for unification, yet there are many among us who are not unified. Are you unified, everyone? First, I must be unified within myself. With a self that is not unified, I cannot unify anything. To unify, we must bind together our divided hearts. We must be willing to walk the path of death if called to do so. God is seeking a unified group. However, such a group has not been found. Throughout 4,000 years of history, there has only been one person, Jesus. God has been working throughout history so that everyone can take Jesus as a model to emulate. But since there has been no unification centered around Jesus, He must come again. The emergence of the Unification Church today is something that can bring great joy to God. For unification, we must pursue God even in the most difficult circumstances, centered on His historical heart. We must cross the Taesan mountains and reach the plain again so that Satan cannot accuse us. This place is a cosmic location for unification. Yet, people think that simply entering this place means they will all be unified here. For unification, a unified heart and ideology must be established, and through overcoming the path of suffering, the connection of hearts must arise from the marrow. Centering on Cheongpa-dong is merely a passing place. We must die under the ideology of unification, even if it means death. Unification is not done with the teacher but must first be achieved with God. Jacob unified God at the family level, Moses at the national level, and Jesus at the world level. Unifying with God cannot be achieved with just national standards. We must share a heart connection with heaven and earth. Regardless of personal difficulties, family hardships, or any challenges, if one works for God's will and falls, God cannot help but place them in a position of universal significance.  
343 When we say the purpose will be fulfilled, it is an incomprehensible heart to simply rejoice without understanding. We must think that the day when the purpose is fulfilled is a fearful day that should come quickly. A maiden of marriageable age must prepare and wait for the right time. Otherwise, the passing of age becomes a disaster. Become a group of unification that does not change until the end. Today is the day the teacher came out of prison. At that time, when the teacher was entering prison, he thought, "This is a label that God loves me." People like Yu Gwan-sun and Ahn Jung-geun have labels that the nation can love. To revive the spirit of the nation, we must elevate them. Even if driven to a place of death where one is opposed and persecuted, God longs for a son of loyalty and filial piety who can call Him Father. To comfort the Father even in a place of death is the greatest act of filial piety and loyalty, which is why for Jesus, the three hours just before His death became a greater stimulus for God's love than His 33 years of life. When the teacher entered prison with shackles, he took careful steps. When I am in a place of death or in prison, I thought about who could appear and become God's staff. Many were sent by God for me, but few remain, so they can only regret now. However, the teacher remains. When that person cannot fulfill their responsibility, God raises someone even greater. I am not lonely. The reason I have sent my family to the provinces to suffer is to make this era remembered by God and to quickly equip them with qualifications that heaven and earth can acknowledge. The teacher has little interest in those who have returned exhausted from the seven-year course. When I came here and saw the leaves falling from the trees in the wind, I felt, "There must be spring, summer, and autumn seasons in the Unification Church as well. Now, the winter season is coming."  
344   Let us fulfill our responsibilities to achieve the purpose. Every time the teacher sees you, he wants to scold and curse, but that is because it is autumn now. Soon it will be winter. When the harsh winter comes, where only the sound of cold wind can be heard, leaves that do not possess complete vitality will fall. What will the misery be like when those leaves fall? What kind of tree will remain in the end? Regardless of the changing seasons of spring, summer, autumn, and winter, the group of unification must embody the form of an evergreen tree that does not change. In spring, any tree can boast of its appearance, but few trees can survive through summer, autumn, and into winter. The group of unification must have a form that can remain green throughout the seasons. Therefore, even when a typhoon blows, we must not lose that appearance. When grafting, do not attach it to the branches but to the trunk. It is now dawn. Yet, everyone appears to be dozing off. Let us learn from the parable of the ten virgins of Jesus. The sight of blessed families falling exhausted is unbearable. How can one become a child of God if they cannot endure the seven years of the seven-year course? We are not a group that is unified. We are a group that unifies. We must not become flour; we must become yeast. Unification does not happen on the plain but must come out through the valley to the plain. Jesus also triumphed in the valley of death. This unification must be achieved through such victory. The teacher's wealth: The teacher has walked this path for 20 years but has not grown weary. The reason is that the father you call and the father I call have different emotional connections. It is because of the bond formed with the Father who has walked the path of hardship, even to prison, in a place of resentment and grievance. When the teacher was in prison, an enemy once came to visit to apologize.  
345 Whether to meet or not was a test. From God's perspective, there are people He might wish to eliminate and those who could become family. What must God's heart have been like to see such a situation? When the betrayers came to visit, I thought of God. God does not wish to have enemies, so I welcomed them with that heart. I then realized that the duty of filial piety I must perform before the Father who comes to me must also be done before my enemies. I knew that when I was with the Father, He always wanted to turn me around, even in the most painful circumstances. The God who sought me in the past is still with me when I pray for important matters. This is the wealth of the Unification Church. We must not avoid the environment but must digest it. The teacher received the exemplary worker award every year in Hungnam prison. There is no separate seed for workers. How can one fulfill heaven's will if they cannot become an active person who can digest the environment? Before going to work, I endured the biting cold of the body inspection for two hours. It is unimaginable how free it is to go out and work. Those who do not know this do not realize how good and precious a place prison is. God placed me in prison to train me for the purpose of establishing me in a position that no one can break. Because there is a standard of hardship in the past, even if there is hardship in the present life, I can endure it by thinking of that time. In a place like prison, a needle may not be worth much, but it is truly precious. I remember grinding a piece of glass to make a needle when I obtained a wire. Even now, if there are no side dishes, I think of the time when I ate plain rice. Back then, even cold water tasted good. That is why I still like cold water. The material scarcity was great, to the extent that I obtained a needle after three years, but in prison,  
346   Let us fulfill our responsibilities to achieve the purpose. The greatest hardship was hunger. Anyone who has fasted knows that in the cell, one can guess what food the neighbors are cooking. Just smelling that aroma could give one the strength to walk ten miles. I think of how God trained me and want to train you. What must the heart of a parent be like when their children ask for something they cannot give in a difficult situation? The teacher has walked the path of hardship, so any task is good. Hardship without value is useless, but the experience of hardship undertaken with a great purpose is invaluable, worth more than thousands of pieces of gold. This is the teacher's wealth. We are the mission bearers who must fulfill the purpose. The teacher has never prepared for a sermon. When speaking from mountain experiences, it is impossible not to be moved. When I think about why I endured hardship for the purpose in the past, it is because I lost my subjectivity. If I suffered for the nation, as long as the nation remains, the standard of that suffering also survives. However, if it is not for God, not for the nation, but for my own sake, when I grow weary, there is no way to recover. This is because there is nothing to stimulate me anew, even if I look around. No matter how much it is called the path of death, the altar of unification must be bound together and offered as a sacrifice. It must be a unification not for anyone but for God, for the nation and the people. Although you are people who must unify, you wish to be unified, and you are not even unified within yourselves. First, you must be unified and then move toward the position where you can unify others. You must not be dragged by God; you must take God with you.  
347 The place found after crossing the mountain and river is the true plain. Let us swear as we greet today. We are mission bearers who must fulfill the purpose and warriors in a position to unify. We must revive the established church for the second time. Now we must open the door to the established church anew. Otherwise, those people will become the most pitiful. We must evangelize Christians from the position of Joseph, who forgave his ten brothers who sold him into death, and open their doors. We must also open the doors of universities centered on the Principle Study Group. To open these two paths, we will not spare any money. We must not be stingy either. *
          Selected Words of Rev. Sun Myung Moon <Volume 16>                      Printed January 15, 2002               Published January 25, 2002               Editor Rev. Sun Myung Moon's Words Compilation Committee             Publisher Hwang Seon Jo             Publishing Company (株) Seonghwa Publishing Co.               Address 172-1 Cheongpa-dong 1-ga, Yongsan-gu, Seoul           Phone Number 715-3894~6, 701-0110 (Cheongpa Bookstore)           FAX Number 701-1991           Registration Number No. 3-98             Registration Date May 20, 1961             